Night Fate is an animated series inspired by a h- game. Somehow the producers turn it around to do this a successful series without any of the h- thing. He could not have been any other way because the character development is great just her way of photographing in this series and any change in that could only ruin perfection. (You will understand once you see all the episodes). /> <br /> Despite a relatively slow start (the producer has taken his time to feature the characters) things are gaining momentum quickly and soon after the mid-range action gets so intense that stuck you in place. /> The subject of the series focuses on the War of the Holy Grail that took place in the Fukuky City for the last 50 years. The pilot actually starts with the conclusion of the previous war and develops out of the on. Shiro is the only survivor of the fire that began during the last fight and enveloped a large portion of the city. He does not want to witness a battle between the Servants who triggered his Reiju (Holy Mark) to convene one of the Servants most powerful in the battlefield, Saber. His first contact with Saber has left him stunned "like inmeasurable beauty ... I was in a lost word." <br /> You should not compare this series with any other completely understandable draw. FSN offers more than some fresh sword fighting, good animation, spectacular light, great soundtrack, offers excellent characters and relationship development. It presents the changes made to personality characters as events are precipitated. The action reveals credible dynamic emotional patterns and behaviors of the people (not the same as the linear linear series) that constantly create the revealing personality, from under the mask of perfection, defective characters. The Saber character is tied to a medieval legend that has changed to fit this series and should be accepted as such. You should not watch FSN think it does not present the viewer with the historical fact, just remember that this is adventure / fantasy series and not a documentary and enjoy this as long as you can. The finish is suddenly and unexpected and if there were twice more episodes I would look at them as the breath.
