Well, let's start in saying this movie is not an exact pronouncement of the crimes and legal prosecution of Andrei Chikatilo. While it may have been "political officials" in the Politburo that the USSR had no serial killer, in fact the legal system was occupying others, and "Killer X" (as it was actually called) was already looking at Fetisov brought Burakov on the case. In fact, as soon as he realized that there were so many people killing people, the authorities had assigned a task force to dozens of officers to crack down and end the act of killing a man who did not fit in which is perceived as normal serial parameter assassin. The good director and writer always reminds the viewer that the story is only "based on current events," for a documentary this is not. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS FOLLOW **** <br /> That said, this is a good model model of a fast-paced Hollywood-style rhythm that always comes across basics of what happened. It's easy to follow and it's just true enough behind its version of events to look for compelling look. Yes, chicatilo violates and assassinates both children and adults, both men and women. Yes, laboratory laborers have been free to continue killing for many years. Yes, the innocent people are accused of the murders and "confessed" of the crimes of police demanding. Yes, the gay community was harassed while being committed to crimes (albeit with the Commune Burakov). And yes, Chikatilo led to confession by aranguing to the special prosecutor, Gorbunov, but by the gentle understanding of a psychiatrist named Bukhanovsky (though Gorbunov was really nowhere near the egotist martin described in films that). Quibbles of truth and truthfulness aside, all these events are dramatized in a way that continually tightens the tension and fear. <br /> It's not hurt that director and co-writer Chris Gerolmo has a perfect cast cast. Stephen Rea grows emotional involvement in the killings and develops expertise in detecting suggestions, Snarky Donald Sutherland in the partial Soviet hack and subtle spine that becomes evident when needed, Jeffrey DeMunn's succulent rape hidden under a scary-filled attitude, Max Sydow's jealous Journal when they were part of a criminal investigation all improved the sharp dialogue and correction correction in ways that can not be underestimated. <br /> <br /> Take for what it is, "Citizen X" is almost perfect pitch ("almost" due to one moment of self-congratulations in the end that just DO NOT fit). Highly recommended as well-said fiction, not the fact that they were presented ... but considering the cynical killer "series" that Hollywood usually spits out, that's good enough for me.
