There I sat alone in my flat on a Saturday night with the choice of watching CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest, and for the benefit of American reading this I will explain that TESC is an annual event where the musicians from All over Europe and Asia Minor have a song contest. At the end of the country contest they vote to see what the best songs were. It's a competition that is even less interesting than it sounds and may not come as a shock when I say that song and composition are not in the caliber of Lennon and McCartney. And I should correct something in this first sentence review because the word "Choice" is misleading because of a music lover I did not want to look at TESC under any circumstances. So I sat down the credits for CITIZEN X waiting for a run in whodunnit killers series, but I should lie all to call it that. It is evident in the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X whodunnit. The movie is pointing out of the Communist failure: "A serial killer assassinated! This Soviet Union, Assassin series can only exist in decadist capitalist system." This farcical attitude goes far beyond denial, has a scene where a cop Civilian sitting at a freezing station station keeps an eye out for potential suspects also carrying her police jackets because she's the only warm dress he got! And of course all suspects that members of the Communist Party are released without an interrogation of something that will affect the toll of final death. All this is very well done as we show it to the communist party's system of trial, but about two-thirds of the way in our X X CENTOC we find ourselves in 1990 as communist is on its last leg and reform of the investigation Police have taken place. It's the point that the film gets rather refreshing due to a lack of political subtext and the movie goes down to an average manhunt movie. But do not let that put you off, CITIZEN X is a clever thriller well played by the cast especially Donald Sutherland as a patrol police officer <br /> Strangely enough a few years ago I read something written by the famous criminal lawyer Colin Wilson in which he said something about the reliable killer lines let themselves get hold that they will be the center of attention in the media spotlight, and I find myself almost sympathizing the party ruling denying could be a serial killer of the Union Soviet Union. After all the media controlled by the party and anyone in old enough to listen to Radio Moscow or its English translation in Pravda will know that the USSR only reports news stories such as harvested potatoes, coal production and thank you letters from Afghanistan, Cuba etc for Soviet assistance. The concept of becoming a serious assassin in a communist system is logical. But I guess if a tree falls into a Siberian jungle distance it will still make a sound even though no one is around to hear it.
