I remember after the case of Andrew Chicatillo in the newspapers while I was living in South Africa. They had photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in the court. Not, as it turned out, protects court members, but they protect it from the public. This was fascinating, albeit morbid, reading. I later heard that a movie was made by HBO on the case, but it did for American television. Bummed! Strange, citizens X got a limited release of cinemas in South Africa. I loaded down to the local Kinekor local Ster and hardly bought a ticket (I was alone; my girlfriend at the time was only interested in the liking of MAGNOLI STEEL and TOMATO friends). Wow! What a brilliant film. Why did not they drop in a wider audience? If it has not been made for TV, it may have an Oscar nomination or 2. There is no way to spoil the ending; who the killer is never caught in the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn shows a really scary psycho. It is calm, downtrodden, considered as a failure by his wife and undergoing constant reputation and humiliation by his superiors at work. When he commits horrendous acts, he gets strong, powerful. <br /> <br /> Fighting to catch him against all odds is a pathologist, played excellent turn by Stephen Rea, to one of his strongest performances. He must fight the calm-pace of Russian bureaucracy, his primitive resources have to throw him, and (above all) the refusal by his superiors to recognize that the USSR has a serial killer. The General In Charge (Joss Ackland) says that serious assassins are "a decadent, Western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is willing to help, but his help must be under the counter. Max's ever-brilliant Max played a Russian psychiatrist who broke protocol and decided to help investigators in their quest. It is the first time in Russian history that a delay is used to build a profile of a serial killer still on the loose, and it has everything to lose if his involvement has made the public. <br /> <br /> Citizen X is brilliant acting, well written and the music and editing only adds to the tension and theme of the movie. Excellent support from a stupid underground Imelda Staunton and a real sense of future bankruptcy makes CITIZEN X a worthy movie to see. This was too good to do for TV
