San Castle (aka Call of the Devil lover, Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best but least exploited movie-sounding title, and so on) is a very traditional Gothic romance movie. This means that it has great, creepy mansion, a young woman's head, a mysterious older man, the horror and supernatural hints, and romance elements in the contemporary sense of that genre theme. It also means it's very rhythmic, and that the movie works best for havens of horrors with great fans of excessive. If you like films such as Robert Wise's Haunt (1963), but also have a taste for the late 1960s / early 1970s Spanish and Italian horrors, you may love Blood Castle, as well. Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the outskirts of a traditional, unspecified European village. The locals fear him because legends have it that every time he beds a woman, he soon after finishing up dead - the consensus is that he lays his dog on them. This is quite a problem because the Baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the film, yet another woman was raised dead and hacked. Meanwhile, Dr Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) has appeared in the center of the village, asking to be taken to the Dalmatian Castle Baron. It is an out-of-towner who was hired by the Baron for his expertise in chemistry. Of course, no one wants to go near the castle. Finally, Ivanna finds a shady person (who gets even shadier) to take it. Once there, an odd woman who lives in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Galloni), rejects Ivanna and says she should not have been since she is a woman. Baron Dalmar is absolute about whether he should stay. It ends up stopping, but a bit reluctantly. The baron hired it to try to reverse the effects of serious burning, which Baron's brother, Igor, suffers from. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Baron's brother appears to be just a single one made of body decomposed into a stick of rare, black fluid. And in addition, Ivanna has laughter, hallucinatory dreams. Just what's happening in the castle? Is Baron responsible for their crimes? Is it crazy? I wanted to love Blood Castle more than I did. As I mentioned, the film is very deliberate in its rhythm, and most of it is very understated. I can go either way about material like that. I do not care for the Haunt (yes, I'm a very small minority there), but I'm a big fan of 1960s and 1970s European horror. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also like Dario Argento's work in this period. But sometimes, without Castle moved a bit too slowly to me at times. There are many fragments that the amount of money in the scene is not very interesting talking alternately and scene Ivanna slowly walks the corridors of the castle. <br /> But the atmosphere of the movie is decent. Director Jose Luis Merino managed more than to lie down and where they are, and are fairly well executed by Emanuele Di Cola. However, San Castle feels relatively low budget, and this is a Roger Corman film produced, after all (which means a low budget, though often surprisingly high quality "quickie"). So while there is a hint of lushness in the color bava and decoration complex series, everything is more minimalist. Of course, it does not help that the retro media print looks like a 30 year old photo that has left out of the sun too long. It appears "washed out", and compromised contrast. <br /> <br /> Always, Merino and Di Cola occasionally set up fantastic visuals. For example, a scene from Ivanna walks into a dark hallway shot at an exaggerated angle, and where an important plot element is revealed in the shade on a wall only. There are also a couple Ingmar Bergmanesque shots, where the exquisitely blocked actors mean complex relationships, besides just being visually attractive and pulling your eyes deep into the frame. <br /> <br /> Performance is fairly good, and women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino exploits this fact by incorporating a decent amount of nakedness. Schürer went on to make a number of films that were very soft in porn as they were different, with English titles such as Life Sex in a Women's Prison (1974), naked and lustful (1974), naked mess for your killer (1975) and Erotic explosion in a sexy seduction (1977). San Castle is very critical, but in addition to the nudity, there are still mild scenes suggested rape and slavery, and of course mixed sex with death. <br /> <br /> The main attraction here, though, is probably the story, which is a lot of romance gently burning as anything else. The horror elements, the mystery elements, and a somewhat unexpected twist near the end are bonuses, but in the end, Blood Castle is a love story, over a couple of overcome various difficulties and antagonisms (often with physical threats or inconveniences ) to be together.
