Sixty-minute school dance in 1928 George Orchestra of Orchestra music piece, "An American in Paris", is an indispensable masterwork. Choreographed with precision and precision flair by Gene Kelly, the vibrant combination of color, music and dance is still eye-poppingly thrilling as the broken piece of stage inspired by artist choosing - the duffy opening of the set of Concorde pieces, the flowering market flower , Utrillo in a Paris street, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular Place de l'Opera, and Toulouse-Lautrec for the Moulin Rouge where Kelly puts her famous bodysuit white. 97 minutes before this is not as interesting, not a long shot, but there are certain charms to be in view of all the Oscar-won music in 1951. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and senarist Alan Jay Lerner was an amazing sophisticated fashion if little romantic story focused on Jerry Mulligan, a former GI who lived in Paris after the end of WWII trying to make a living as a painter. With its braggadocio style and athletic dancing styles, Gene Kelly can paralyze ingratiating and irritating as a screen personality, but it seems to get her job as Jerry's account. Draws the love-triangle focusing on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-employed employer-proclaiming a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. On the first dates of a crowded Montmartre nightmare, Jerry unapologetically dropped to Lyise, a young woman who turned out to be the fiancé of Henri, a professional artist and friend of Peter Jerry, Adam, an out-of-the-world concert pianist, work. Romantic complaints incite until the unfinished finish, but not before several classic Gershwin songs are performed. The best of these is the most imitating - a snooningly romantic song and dance to our "Love Here to Stay" along a faux-rising river in a steamy blue steam and light yellow fog. Ways Kelly and Leslie Caron circle each other is transcending as they approach each other the first attempt and then synchronize very well into the music leading to the final felch. Some films were so chic and subtle show of those who fell in love. "I got rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" Kelly's spotlighting dance with enjoyable songs, while "Embraceable You" is dancing impressive by Caron in a five-dimensional scene of all-over-the-four-out descriptions in Lycean Adam. Designed to show Caron's density of density, the sequence is similar to the one in the "City" where Vera-Ellen has been shown to his considerable dance skills when Kelly's singer characterizes his multi-facial vision Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <As Lyise, the old-year-old Carin (in her first movie) danced superbly at all and occupied her role with her unformed and talented charm does not flourish for many years. Looking glamorous, Nina Foch plays older as the manipulative milo and manages to be likable enough to care for her fate, while Oscar Levant is just her own Sardonic as Adam. Performing an elegant "I'm going to build a stairwell in Paradise", George Guétary plays Henri so enjoyable that you feel bad that she loses the girl to the end. This is not the best all-around MGM music, but there are certainly enough movie magic to make this very refreshing. The DVD 2000 has a fairly primitive impression but little else in terms of extras.
