What to do for best photo materials? The Oscars have come in for a lot of wood for rewarding bronze stir-aged dogs, and ignoring the "authors" that should be deified in the coming decades. Not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy Awards are selections made by the industry itself, and therefore, at least in the classical era, they tend to reward the greatest collaborations, the most sensational meetings of creative minds. Freed unit of MGM has been tied to Oscar-winning glory for many years by this point; It was only a matter of time before Freed, assisted by his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and some of the best music stars in the business, would be a better photo. Freed has insulted more to increasing the music status than anyone else, crafting pictures that twist stories and singing together without losing the spectacular dynamics of the 30s musicals. Points on musical music, is that the lyrics of the songs, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, do not have to say or even relate to the stories. What is important is that the tone of the song and the way it is introduced to fit into the structure of the film. <br /> An American in Paris was the first of three musicals Freed (the others were Singin 'in the rain and the Band Wagon) that took the existing classic numbers out of their original context and made them work at a completely incorporated story. These words do not fit the scheme, but the routines fit the show. So when Gene Kelly sang I got rhythm, she did not even get a girl anymore, but the way she does and the French kids joining is a great bit of characterization, and the optimistic melody and dance to the movie The little lift he needs at this point. An American in Paris also uses the crush rule allowed in the genre to add little original flight to fancy telling the story, such as the dance series that accompanies the description of Leslie Caron's character. what is the best director for this project than Minnelli, himself a painter and a pianist? At that time was not really anyone who had a better feel for Technicolor. While some directors would saturate each stage of one color or fill the screen with shades of color, Minnelli's quick colors are closely monitored but never looked for force. In the opening tones are fairly muted, but not drab, and in particular there is a red absence. During Oscar Levant's meeting with Georges Guetary's meeting in the bar, a few more vibrant colors are presented. Then, during the first musical number, "By Strauss" Minnelli gradually brought to the red flying ?? a table cloth, a bunch of roses ?? until it eventually dominates, as if the song awakened the color scheme of the photo. For most of the songs, the choreography colors are as completely as the people. However, in some numbers, like the "Tra-la-la" it holds the same shades and instead opens out the space as the song swells up and the characters become more animated. Heel of an American in Paris is his story. I personally find the romantic corner particularly unpalatable, play as it does as a last hurray for the love stories misogynist ruling supreme in the 30s; The headstrong, independent woman gets rejected while the blood is delicate girl is harassed by the hero's love. Even if you do not mind this, it's difficult to connect emotionally with the story because it is constantly overshadowed by the songs and dances. Compare this Singin 'in the rain, which does not really have great or memorable set-pieces as a U.S. in Paris, but it has a winning storyline. Singin 'in the rain was neglected in the Oscars of 1952, yet it is considered a classic of today's genre. But I think people sometimes forget that movies are an all-incompatible form of visual entertainment, not just a means of telling a story. An American in Paris is not deep or engaged or worn-jerking but, as a certain DeMille photo that won the top award the following year, it certainly is a great show.
