An American in Paris is an integrated music, meaning the songs and dance mix perfectly with the story. The film was inspired by the 1928 composition by George Gershwin. <br /> The story of the film is interspersed with show-standing dancing choreographed by Gene Kelly and puts them popular Gershwin Melody. Singing and music include "I got rhythm," "Beautiful," and "Our love is here to stay." He set a new standard for the subgenre known as the music songbook and dozens of Melbourne Gershwin buried in the underlined. The most important points are "The Parisian American Ballet", a 18 minute dance featuring Kelly and Caron wearing in the American Gershwin in Paris, featuring a Periodic Dream Impressionist in the style of various painters, is one of the longest sequences dance uninterrupted in any Hollywood movie. The ballet alone costs more than half a million dollars, a horrendous success at the time. <br /> It's funny to think of such a work of art being held on a pool game between film producer Arthur Freed (SINGIN 'IN REY, OZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ, ON TIME, MY MOUSE IN ST LOUIS AND GOOD WAGON) and Ira Gershwin. He was pleased to buy the title so he could use whether in a movie about Paris and Gershwin's idea that he would only use Gershwin music. <br /> Original cast had Cyd Charisse but she discovered she was pregnant before shooting started. A great reason Gene Kelly suggested Leslie Caron as the female lead was because she felt this movie needed a "real" French girl playing Lise, not just an American actress playing one. Gene Kelly discovered Leslie Caron while vacationing in Paris where she saw him performing in a ballet. When she was called to hear, she said, "Who is Gene Kelly?" According to Leslie Caron, her dance dance sequence, including a seductive dance with a chair, was considered too suggested by some senses. Gene Kelly headed the awesome dancing sequences shown by Lise. Vincent Minnelli first wanted Maurice Chevalier to Georges Guétary, and 'Celeste Holm' in the party 'Nina Foch'. <Brr /> <br /> Minnelli was an inaugural director of musicals and met me at St. Louis (1944), an American in Paris, and the Bandwagon (1953). He used colors and songs in ways they had never used before. It used space and imaginative time. Best of all, though, it allows himself to cut loose for the long ballet sequences that finish his entire cinema. The Ballet of an American in Paris may be her best work. Though Vincente Minnelli is credited as the sole director, she was sometimes tied up with her divorce from Judy Garland and other directive projects, leaving Gene Kelly taking on their duties. Other <br /> <br /> Other include Guetary supplies of "Paradise Stairs"; Oscar Levant of Fantasy in making and making Gershwin in the "Concerto in F" (see why he was Oscar Levant's favorite.) <br /> <br /> The sequel to ballet, now that we know he has succeeded everyone now want to take credit for it, Freed, Minnelli, Kelly? but before the movie was completed, New York's office at MGM said there was no cost of a half million dollars on a ballet. So, Freud went to the top of Louis B. Mayer's studio head and received his approval, New York said no. Finally, Gene Kelly has shown New York's office how a British movie, the SHOUT red used a long ballet sequence and that film has become a hit in the world wide ?? and is still considered today the premium example of a successful art film. Well the financial players finally gave in and sign the checks. There was a break in production after November 1, 1950, at which point Gene Kelly began repetition of ballet choreography. When the production time for this final sequence resumed on December 6, Vincente Minnelli ended up directing another movie - The Little Dividend Papa (1951). Irene Sharaff made a style for each of the ballet sequence series, reflecting various French imitation paintings: 'Raoul Dufy' (Place de la Concorde), Edouard Manet (flower market), Maurice Utrillo (a Paris street), Henri Rousseau (fair) , Vincent Van Gogh's' Opera), and Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (The Moulin Rouge). The schedules took six weeks to build, with 30 remaining jobs pens. Roger Ebert said after watching the restoration of the past, "An American in Paris has many qualities, not least its famous ballet production, and Kelly and Leslie Caron symbolize the whole story of The Americans in Paris are often compared to the 'Singin' of the grape as to which it's the greatest ever music ever to do, and a criticism puts it best when it says, "SINGIN" in the rain make me happy with an American in Paris to make me feel good. "The Ballet represents Kelly's imagination as represented by the great French artists (Renoir, Rousseau, Lautrec, Dufy) admiring them. Arrange a screening for then sick Rauf Dufy, the actor and producer ducked until the credit ends. There, relief, found the artist, moved to tears, demanding a second help in the rich finale. The movie was also the first to have a Globe Golden Award for best motion pictures (comedy or music.) Gene Kelly earned an award honors Academy this year for her "versatility as an actor, singer, director and dancer, and especially for his brilliant achievements in the art of choreography on film. " It was only his Oscar.
