Parsifal (1982) Starting Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Voice of Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, Director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. from the German school of film, the favored tonal symbolism and Ingmar Bergmanesque surrealism, became the 1982 film of Wagner's final chief - Parsifal, writes in correspondence with Friday / Easter and the dedication of the Bayreuth Opera House. This film follows the music note and draws accurately but the way it was filmed and done is bold and avant-garde and no other Parsifal takes the crown of her rare cartography. Syberberg is known for controversial films. Prior to this film she has released film about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and her personal anti-Semitism and a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of her granddaughter. This film is possible disturbing in many aspects. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg but acting by Michael Kutter) is a male of all the first part of the film and then after the enchantment of Kundry's kiss, transformed into a girl. This sex-bending element shows the feminine / masculine / ying-yang nature of the quest for the Holy Grail, which serves all mankind with his righthand in the blood of Christ. In Fortress sorceress of Klingsor in idols, there are photographs of figures such as Notoriously Fatty, Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Mistress Wagner's Matilde Wesendock. Swaztika flag hanging out the fortress. Parsifal trips to the 19th and 20th centuries throughout the film. Temple tempting temples are in the naked. Kundry is described as a sort of beautiful but corruption of Mary Magdala or Eve from Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but very well sung by Mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). Finally, this film is for fans of this kind of rare Japanese / European symbolic and intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, the story and lovers of Wagner Opera. Indeed, the song is grand and compelling. Parsifal Reiner Goldberg is a voice that focuses intensively but is lacking in depth and general purity of the Parsifal Scenes - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and today's Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensual-voice, dramatic and exciting Kundry, delving into the state teasing him perfectly. While the production is certainly unorthodox and as un-Wagnerian as it may be possible to find (Wagner's concept was Christian catholic ceremony with Grails, spears, castles, knights and kings injured, a dark magician, dark turn of light, etc. Wagnerian theme ). .it is still an enjoyable, art-house movie.
