Vincente Minnelli has led some of the most celebrated entertainment in cinema history ... It was among the first Hollywood directors to show that a deep love of color, and music can produce smart entertainment ... <br /> <br / > 'American in Paris' is the story of a former GI who lives in France after the war studying and painting ... She fell in love with a good gamine Lyise Bourvier ... Romantic affairs love to shine like bright as the City of Lights itself ... The whole movie carries a touch of French elegance where techniques, artistic and music all come together in perfect synchronism ... The first sequence of music introduces the exciting personality of Leslie Caron in his first screen ... is like a diamond, a touch of class ... George Guetary describes her fiancé Limit Limit in a variety of different, sweet and timid, lively and modern styles, graceful and awesome ... The number leads to a unpretentious bistro, where Kelly and her friends are good friends in Paris sharing a gentle imitation of you Venezuelan altars ... Later Kelly celebrates a popular dancing dancer and a crowd of children very happy to sing with her 'I got rhythm,' and in jazz nightclub Kelly spot the girl in her dreams ... She is immediately hit By his brilliant blue sapphire eyes, and one thing clear is in his head, pulling Liz at the dance floor and singing it: "It's very clear, our love is here to stay." </ br> </ a> <br /> In the joy of 'Tra-La-La,' Kelly gives humor, wit and talent all around the Oscar Levant room, and even on top of his brown piano ... < When she meets Cinderella's beautiful side by the Seine River, Kelly sweeps by her happy meeting with Caron ... She expresses all her emotions and 'Our love is here to stay.' The piece had a definite night feeling like two lovers were bathed in soft light, blue smoke ... They start a breathtaking dancing-duet juxtaposition of different elements ... Caron dances and head on his shoulders, then try to run in a fluid way ... They move backward, away from each other, then pause for running with each other, for a kiss, with a warm hug ... The weaker movie was that which brings little relation to the story ... In one, Georges Guetary performs a fun stage show and showgirls of giant ornaments floating down to the stage ... In another, Oscar Levant imagine himself doing a concert, and plays not only a piano recital, but the other instruments as well ... It even applauded as the member of the audience ... <br /> <br /> Super climatic super ballet in the movie is quite an adventure, a tool of taste, direction and design ... It's a blaze of love, anger and vividness ... It's Kelly's biggest fantasy in his love and feelings It's about Paris as seen in the great exceptions of some of France's most impressionist painters ... The number starts at the Beels Arts Ball after Kelly finds himself separate from Lycea, and starts a draw with a black pencil. .. It assembles the important parts of the film's history in a constantly changing place, all in the style of the painters who have influenced Jerry ... the journey, attracting rich and superbly atmospheric, includes the place of the Concorde Fountain, Madeleine Flower Market, The Place Of The Opera, His Rendezvous in Montmartre, and the Canancers Dancers in a representation of Lautrec's Moulin Rouge ... challenge the boundaries of self physics ... Caron seems to dominate Its space and sweep you away at another time and place ... <br /> <br /> Nina Foch looks very beautiful and elegant in one-shoulder she gown ... In one of the most popular movie lines In Kelly asked him: 'That's quite a Essential DR you almost have. What to keep it? "Nina, silly answer," modesty! "A U.S. in Paris" garnered six Oscars, including a Honorary Kelly Honorary Award ... The film gave us a wealth of memories to take home.
