updated January 1, 2006 <br /> <br /> Parsifal is one of my favorite Wagner operas or music plays, to be more accurate, (Meistersinger is the other.) though it is hard to imagine it as the "head to anyone who pops ". The libretto, not the composer as usual, is a muddle of religion, paganism, eroticism, and perhaps even homo-eroticism, and its length can make it look like the audience like paintings. <br /> <br /> Wagner, being a famous anti-Semite, (Klingsor may be one of her bandits to rediscover the Jews.) Naturally entrusted to a conversion (not for wanting RW to try!) Hermann Levi, who was his favorite conductor! (Go face!) Kundry, a mixer-up-gall and another jeweler celebration, is both villainous or benevolent, depending on the scene. <br /> <br /> Considering that many video versions of Parsifal look like the side stodgy, this film of the opera is, in comparison, a breath of fresh air. Hans-Jürgen Syberberg, the director, brought considerable imagination to her but it is difficult to know why she did some of her choices. For example: The notorious doubles parsifals (in each gender!), The puppets, death-mask-of-the-Wagner and various dolls and symbols like the Nazi swazi in one of the scenes traveled. (If I note, the "real" Engelbert Humperdinck writes the current music to block the scenes.) Even if Wagner himself died very early for a current Nazi, many of his descendants (as well as second wife Cosima.) They were at least fellow travelers, including the Wolfgang Wagner grandchildren who always run the Bayreuth Festival in an advanced age. In fact, Wolfgang's son Gottfried Wagner, in complete opposition to his father, tried to come to terms honestly with his grand-grandfather. Syberberg, too, looks politically ambiguous from what I read. In 1977 he made a well-known film about Hitler, "Hitler: a Film aus Deutschland" (Sometimes called "Our Hitler" in English). Since it lasts all 8 hours and has not been widely distributed, most people have not seen it (including myself.). Armin Jordan, the conductor of the audio CD on which this movie is based, plays Amfortas (singing by Wolfgang Schöne) Edith Clever (Yvonne Minton) plays Kundry, Michael Kutter and Karin Krick play the double parsifals (Both songs by Reiner Goldberg !!) and Robert Lloyd and Aage Haugland both play and sing Gurnemanz and Klingsor. Even if the opera takes place over a long period of time and all (except Kundry?) Have been described as being considerably between Acts 2 and 3, no one looks like an older day at the end of the opera. (Grail's Magic? At this opera Grail is the cup in which Jesus drinks in the Last Supper and not Mary Magdala as in recent times, an idea I get preposterous!). doing and singing all properly serviced and the DVD seems to have improved the sound, if not the picture, to a great extent. (Yes, I agree that the approach "KNA" is superior, even on the second, stereo, version but it is probably superior to all versions recorded on the whole.) <br /> Not a Parsifal for all Wagnerites but I think It works very well as a movie opera.
