Gene Kelly has come up with some really grand ideas for musicals while with MGM. Here he is at the forefront of his creative power working with the Arthur Music Music Unit. Difficult to believe when you look at an American in Paris that the players never leave much to come back to MGM. <br /> <br /> The Magic of an American in Paris is due to the creative creation under the direction of Vincent Minnelli and the MGM sets are entrusted with some backgrounds established by shots. The idea of ​​the movie came out with Kelly who wanted to simply make a movie with a long ballet sequence involving the George Gershwin's poem A American in Paris. He sounded in Arthur Freed approaching Ira Gershwin who said fine with him as long as used other Gershwin materials. Gershwin got the kind of deal for Gershwin music that Irving Berlin normally received. Not a note of music that Gershwin heard in an American in Paris. Listen to some of the background music and you will hear things like your Embraceable but not for me that are not real music numbers. <br /> Another guy who was a fair hand in writing lyrics, Alan Jay Lerner, wrote the story that admitted is a thin one. Everything about an old GI play by Gene Kelly who after World War II never left France, just settled in an apartment on the Left Bank and proceeded to become a starving star. He lives with Oscar Levant's unique composer and performs what sounds like a redondancy. <br /> <br /> Two women are interested in it. Another American display was played by Nina Foch who wants to sponsor him as a painter if he will reciprocate in other matters. But Kelly fell for a store girl who was played by Leslie Caron in her first movie. Caron also has the star of the music comedy Georges Guetary who is interested in here. Of course the draw is just an excerpt of singing and dancing the music of George Gershwin. An American in Paris is happening the first movie I saw as one of the movie films on the first plane I ever took. I still remember flying back from Phoenix Arizona Kennedy Airport to see Gene Kelly making me rhythm. My favorite number of films however is Tra-La-La that Kelly sings and dances all over the apartment with Oscar Levant playing the piano. At one point Kelly dance on top of the grand piano. <br /> In a book about Arthur Freed, I read a quote where he said in the American at Paris ballet sequence had to be done with the background of the French Impressionists that he felt the public would take rather than a realistic environment streets or much back. So it happened. Kelly made long-lasting sequences of words and music, the boat, and the city. But this one topped them all. Always do in my opinion and including some of Gene Kelly's later films. <br /> <br /> In a mad surprise at the Oscars, an American in Paris chose best photos for 1951, beat out heavy favors a Streetcar named Desire. I guess realism trumped realism this year. Big Budget also has a top hand in things as well. <br /> Always an American in Paris is one of the best movie musics ever made and since the studio does not have all that creative talent under a roof, something less likely to be repeated.
