An American in Paris was, in many ways, the ultimate mixture of art and Hollywood music. Made in MGM's heights power as a powerhouse for music, the movie features memorable music in the Gershwins, which is why they called the 20th century's equivalent of Beethoven and Mozart. Gene Kelly was also at the height of her power in this film, though she could rightly argue that this movie was just warm-up for her best singin 'works in the Rain (1952). These two films are actually linked. From the connection to Arthur Freed, the Broadway Melody segment of "Rain" must be its existence to the incredible American in the lazy ballet sequence of this film. This might well have been the only time a dancing number specifically mentioned in the open credit of the movie. And she deserves to be, as he expresses Gene Kelly's skills as a dancer and choreographer of their utmost degrees. <br /> <br /> Throw the movie is exactly excellent. Leslie Caron, incredibly doing her first movie, shows a maturity that makes you think she'd made films for years. Season dancer's introduction and later his work on the Ballet, giving some surprisingly sexy rivals to MGM Musicals only does not work the Cyd Charisse at Singin 'in the rain and the Band Wagon. Oscar Levant is hilarious as Paul Stoic Kelly, who gets two of the best movie moments: during the sequel sequel (which I will not give away for anyone who has not seen the movie), and one of the numbers The most memorable film film that couples her incredible piano skills and state-of-the-art (for the time) special effects. Less memorable are Georges Guetary as Kelly's romantic rival, though he finds a few music videos, and Nina Foch as Leslie Caron's romantic rival. Relationship between May and December between Kelly's and Nina's characters reminded me of the same "keeping people" relationship between George Peppard and Patricia Neal at Breakfast in Tiffany. It's less satisfying to spend Singin 'in the rain. The Ballet, though lavish and well-produced, does not really fit with the rest of the movie. Without giving away the scheme, the ballet just happens, with no real rhyme or purpose. And unlike the sequel to Broadway Melody, it really does not have anything to do with the plot - and in the best musical, the songs still have some sort of rationale. <br /> <br /> Making matters worse is finished in the film that happens immediately after the ballet. Although the finish would not be a surprise (this is a MGM music, after all), I was hoping for a bit more ... film after the ballet ended. It's as if director Vincente Minnelli felt that he could not follow the ballet with anything else. The movie literally left me in the lurch. <br /> <br /> That's negative aside, An American in Paris reasonably arranged along with the best of Hollywood's music. It does not quite reach the singin 'heights of the rain, but it comes close and remains a testament to Gene Kelly's skills as one of the greatest dancers of all time.
