This is an amazing movie to watch or show young people. Aside from a very short naked scene, it provides an exciting glimpse of colonial rule in Africa that you will rarely get to other films. It does bring a superficial similarity to the Out of Africa, but without all the romantic hole. White people are French in fascinating Cameroon because they do not even seem to consider their natives as people. White are all employers and expect Black slavery without question. However, unlike real servants, you only once heard any of the white say 'thank you' and no other consideration to these people. Again and again, they are like pets or slaves, like the feelings of those never considered. <br /> <br /> The central illustration of this thought is the relationship between the mother, liked and his servant, protested. Although at times they spend a lot of time together and it is only normal that they might begin to have sexual feelings towards each other, the White woman never considered protested or the existence of his feelings. A good example of thinking is when she has laced up her dress and it is obvious that she is very sexually frustrated by this. Apart from this relationship, while almost all white are completely oblivious to the fact that Africans are people, some go too far away for verbally abusive and treated like garbage. <br /> <br /> Also interesting is the relationship between protested and the girl (which is the one that grows at the beginning and end of the movie). While they are very close, at times it is more like a plaything or pet and the girl never plays with native children. <br /> There are only one rare white character, at times, to consider Black ones better but unfortunately their character is very consistent and confusing. Sometime, she's doing hard work on the blacks or eating with them (something else they would never have done) and the next she was trying to beat up protested! I could only guess as to motivate him - maybe it was just a jerk, or was crazy or maybe a Communist agitator trying to stir up the blacks against the white (who knows!). In fact, other than a few good scenes, this character looks pretty much wasted. While I really enjoyed the insight this movie gave, I wish it was rather more than just a small fragment of this world through a child's perspective during a tiny period of her life. The context and what happened to rid the country of colonial never addressed to the movie let me want more. The film appeared to commence in the early 1980s (since she had a Walkman style tape) and when the movie was back in time, she looks like she's been wearing 1960s (more or less), but never ever which mentioned in the 1950s anti-colonial violence or independence for the nation in the early 1960s. I guess that some of this confusion might have been that the musicians in the movie got up, it should have made the beginning of the movie earlier (as the 1970s) and the lady had thought back to her life in the beginning the 1950s - before the country experienced political change. <br /> <br /> Apart from the missing context and a confusion over time period, using the prologue and epilogue that showed her as an adult traveling the country was a good idea. And I also appreciate finishing, as it was a nice surprise when you get more information about the lovely man who offers him a ride. But in general, it just feels like something missing - there is just not any sort of resolution or message other than showing that colonial is thinking and cruel.
