I knew absolutely nothing about Chocolat before I looked at it. I did not know anything about the story, the cast, the director, or anything about the movie's history. All I knew was a very acclaimed French movie. Had I known more, I probably would not see the picture with an open mind. On paper, the quote does not sound interesting to me. I had to know that Chocolat was on the front of time, my interest while watching would be limited. However, do not know about the story helped me enjoy it. Meanwhile, I had no signs of where the story would go, what the characters would do, and what the end result would be. It was, if nothing else, not a predictable film. Indeed, it could have been as the story is told in flashbacks. Telling a story of flashback is often a risky move on the part of the filmmakers. Since the main character is seen in the present day, the listener knows he will stay alive. Using the flashlight technique, director Claire Denis is able to assure the audience that the girl makes it to adults without any serious physical damage, giving the sense viewer that Chocolat is a more emotional story than that on the outside. A younger revolutionary would give France a haggard-looking face, one that shout in a childhood confused and unusual. Instead, Denis introduced France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks fine on the outside. <br /> It could have been argued that Chocolat is more about France's mother since it is giving time beyond screens, though I think it's finally about France. For me, what chocolates is really about is how a mother's action affects her daughter. It is about behavioral behavior of parents and their children. France does not lose his mother's actions in the story, but his mother's actions have made an impression on France. France was not affected by all his mother's actions, the flashback aspect would be irrelevant. <br /> For a movie that deals with two periods of time, past and present, Chocolat was a very good rhythm, there was no scene of excess fat. None of the scenes felt free or out of place. The film had nice rhythms, the correction circle, leaving only what was needed to tell the story. With a well-known story, solid editing, and organized directing, Chocolat is one of the best French films I've seen. He was responsible for Claire Denis's career launched with good reason: it's an unbelievable first basic.
