Set in Cameron in West Africa in the 1950s, Claire Denis' Chocolat is a very well-sounded poem and emotional sound that painted the effects of a colonial death on a young family over the last few years in French rule. The theme seems to be the latest in Africa, even though these films differ in size and emphasis. The movie is said from the perspective of an adult returning to his child's home in a foreign country. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling to Cameroon, reminds her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in the French Cameroon and had a love affair with the girlfriend, Protected (Isaach de Bankolé ). The heart of the movie, however, turns around Aimée mother France (Giulia Boschi) and his love / hate relationship with protested who is clogged with unspoken sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The house is divided into public and private spaces. The white family rooms are private and off limits at all except the Protective Works at Home while their domestic servants are forced to eat and shower outside, exposed to the bronze nude bodies of the white family. It becomes clear when her husband Marcus (Francois Cluzet) goes on business-sized and protested businesses to sexually assert one another but the rules of society prevent it from being openly recognized. In one sequence, she invited her to his room to help her put on her clothes and the two staring in each other's image of the mirror and a desire to see the eye challenges, knowing that any interaction is taboo. The manner of the young man (Cecile Ducasse) also forms a bail with the monservant, feeds him out of his plate while showing him how to feed ants and bring him on his shoulder to walk under the night sky. In spite of the Bonds, the true nature of the career-related relationships apparently when France's protocol protested interrupted his conversation with a teacher and immediately took home, and when protested by his side at the dinner table, waiting for next to him order. When a plane loses its propellant and forces it to land in nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move to the compound until they can find replacement parts. Each visitor shows the disdain for the Africans, one, a wealthy owner of a coffee plantation brings food left out of the kitchen to hide his mistress in his room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), an expansive Frenchman, prevents the racial balance by using the outside shower, food and domestic, and taunts beloved on his attraction in Protée leading him to an ultimate emotional showdown the manservant. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is autobiographical injury, adapted from childhood memories to the director, and it is slowly rhythmic and as mysterious as the brooding insulation of the country on which it is filmed. Denis makes his point on the colonial effect without preaching or romanticizing the characters. No victim or oppressor, no better than men. Protected is a servant, but he is also a protector as he stands guard on the bed where his beloved daughter is sleeping protects them against an iena rampaging. It's a sad saddened treat as a boy and not as someone, but Bankol imbues his character with such dignity and highness that it reduces the pain. Because of its speed, Western audiences may have to work hard to appreciate the movie and Denis does not, in Roger Ebert's phrase, "coaching our emotions." The truth of Chocolat lies in the gestures and eyes that touch the longing silently in our hearts.
