Way back in 1955, the British made a comedy called Simon and Laura, with Peter Finch and the brilliant Kay Kendall. At that time, he stands as one of the finest examples of British comedy and, more particularly, about how TV sitcom becomes so popular. It was, and is, an excellent example of self-referential movies. <br /> So also Soapdish, a movie I'd never heard about until a few nights ago when I kept it on TV late. I was somewhat dubious at first simply because comedy is so hard to do well, as you know. <br /> However, I was pleasantly surprised and pleased to watch a very smart satire on American daytime TV. In fact, it has been a while since I laugh so happy. So, if you love satire, I would recommend you see it. <br /> <br /> The main actors ?? Sally Fields, Kevin Kline, Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty ?? Simply perform an excellent job, revealing just how bitchy and the business fund of acting is. As I looked at her, I kept thinking myself: just how much of this bitchiness brings about in real life? That is, if the actor ever has a real life? As you probably know, Peter Sellers, for example, was notorious for hiding his true character behind a crowd of characters, so nobody really knew the real people. So, as I watched Sally Field play Celeste Talbot playing Maggie, I thought again about that British film earlier with Kay Kendall playing Laura playing a character in a TV sitcom opposite Peter Finch ... Is it any wonder some actors have nervous breakdowns? And who felt crystallized when Celeste finally met her daughter (Lori, played by Elizabeth Shue), and, at an emotional moment, repeating the fictional line she'd used to, in a previous episode of soap day, when confronting her fictional daughter in showing! Are you confused? Well, it's not all like that, but the dialogue is stunning for originality, comedy, bitchiness, anger, stubbornness, duplicity, and even ... love. Well, there are many stories in this film, all interwoven, and which all come together at the end (of course? But it's not like a movie Robert Altman, okay!), And not all of them finally resolve. Life is not like that anyway, right? The speed is almost frenetic, and you really have to watch and listen carefully to keep all the eye gags and subtle jokes. Spend 97 minutes into your life and watch it; you will not regret it time. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast all done well, although I have never taken much of Whoopi Goldberg. Perhaps the interchanges between Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty, and, for my money, the letter stole many scenes from others, it gets my vote as the outstanding player. I kid you do not give the bitch the theme of an entirely new face ...
