This is a romantic comedy with the emphasis on comedy for a change. As usual the lovers - Sally Field as almost-on-the-hill soap opera queen, Celeste Talbert; and Kevin Kline as entertaining and talented actors, Jeffrey Anderson - is working to cross the goals, openly unaware that they are folly in love, etc. Doing a bit of Margo Banning to Davie at All About Eve (1950) and a whole lot of slapstick theatrical tradition, Sally Gardens goes on top of hilarity as it malforms its way to love and happiness. Kevin Kline, one of the more leading museums in recent years, is also very good and very winning as he managed to be beautiful, vulnerable, selfish and adorable all at the same time. <br /> <br /> Misadventures the center around the Celeste fear of losing her audience as she came in her quarantine and came to the point of crisis and reached her niece, aspiring actress Cori Craven (Elizabeth Shue) who Turns out PA to be his niece, and ensuing plot hassle. Cori managed to get a small part of the soap opera as a homeless deaf man before discovering her true relationship at Celeste (and Jeffrey Anderson) - but never mind. <br /> As a romantic smoker or foil in driving are Robert Downey Jr. (director of soap opera, David Barnes) and Cathy Moriarty (Montana and Nurse In). David Barnes is oh so hot for her, but she cares only about one thing: get rid of Celeste so she might shine brightly on the set. To this end, he becomes Barnes doing all sorts of things breaking Celeste career, but in distress and / or a perverse logic, all his attempts to go awry, lots of fun in the viewer. <br /> <br /> Whoopie Goldberg plays Rose Schwartz, the chief writer's show and the change-ego month and confidant while Carrie Fisher has a modest party as its hard-as-nail producer at the show. <br /> I think this was funnier than just the other parody of the soap opera world that I saw (Young Doctor of Love 1982 which burlesqued the General Hospital TV and was very good). Soapdish is funnier with a daffy script and many laugh-out-loud one-hardware and terrific performances by field, Kline and Downy, Jr. But see this for Sally Fields that are exceptional.
