Scottish artists Andy Goldsworthy damn natural materials into ephemeral artworks, gathering stones of Cairns-shaped eggs, filling rocks-pools and fireflies with thorns and thorns of intricate web design. An original work and a few photographs of his other creations have touched far into a corner of Southampton skating scene (near where I live), but although I found the intriguing pieces, I only realized the wonder of working at Goldsworthy when I was lucky enough to catch a re-screening of rivers and tides. <br /> The movie Thomas Reidelsheimer, accompanied by a beautiful instrumental band by Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by displaying the artist at work. The opening scene captures his missile fragment into a snake-like set set on a tree-stump. Working with his teeth and hands, Goldsworthy crafts a beautiful, ephemeral work. Before that time delicate sculptures melt away from nothing in the bright Sunlight shine Nova Scotian. This scene is among the most beautiful of the movie, but wide and inviting to Goldsworthy's works is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both success and failure, capturing frustration of the falling pieces before completing as well as the glory of those bright, though for just a few hours, minutes or seconds. Goldsworthy himself gives the story, speak slowly but think about the terms of his work. She complains she needs to work with nature, alone in her and for her more understanding of her trying to work with natural materials, even when they seem to work against her. At times it is down-to-earth and funny; At other times he writes words to express his purpose ?? something well understood when witnessing his amazing work first hand. The 'Rivers and Tides' of the title become increasingly important as we see the natural materials passing by the artist, flowing from one form to the next. The ability to create and divide Goldworthy's work is in itself a striking piece of art. Although Goldsworthy works with widely varied materials and covers territories across North America and Europe, the presentation of works and other of this film is tedious; He gave me the same feeling of fatigue that I found when I spent too long in an art gallery and struggling to take in anything new. A short interval in which we are presented to Andy's family and the city is all that breaks the succession of time to his work. But Reidelsheimer does a superb job in Goldsworthy photographs and his creations, spotted in wider settings, from Canadian river flow to the bay of Scotland Hillsides. Fittingly, the movie ends with Goldsworthy handwritten casting on the sky and snow in the sky. Flight patterns ranging from dust particles as they are scattered in the air; This is the purest expression of the beauty can be found on the work of this remarkable artist.
