This German documentary, in English, is about an Scottish ecologist named Andy Goldsworthy. It makes art out of objects found in nature. For example, early in the movie we see him taking sections of icicles and "sticky" with a little moisture in a snapper shape that looks repeatedly to a vertical rock. Gleason melts, but this transition is part of most of Goldsworthy's work. He goes to a site and gets a sense of it, deciding what to do on that day. It speaks of having a "dialogue" with the stones and other materials that it works with, trying to work * with * rather than their accounts. It could be stones, or flowers, or leaves, or sticks. The sculpture might last for minutes or years, or might not be as long enough to be completed with photos. The work seems to be more of a process than a goal. The film, with the work, is beautiful, inspiring, and provocative thinking. It moves very slowly, which is suitable for the material, but you should make sure you go when you have a good night's sleep. But go if you have the opportunity. <br /> Search the Web for some other pages on Andy Goldsworthy or on his local sculpture at Stanford University. There are also several books available with photographs in his sculpture. <br /> I think: Skip this part if you want to find out what this movie means to you completely independently. I remember a couple of ideas that happened to me while watching the movie which I thought I would share for those of us still reading it. First, the transitory nature of many of Andy Goldsworthy's works reminds me of the natural Ebb and the flow of human life. We are born, we live, and eventually we die. This natural, and this is also naturally part of the Goldsworthy art. The other thought was due to awestruck and way that Goldsworthy has managed to integrate his passion and work for well in his life. Most of us have the work that is tolerated at best, a life that we hardly live in, and the passions that we really mean to spend more time on, if you even remember what they are. Andy Goldsworthy has managed to create an amalgam of all the aspects of his life that seems to work very well, and it is nutritious for him and those around him. Wow. <br /> See on 8/28/2002.
