I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of this movie I was not entirely sure I was going to sit in the whole thing. Like many others, I found it very boring, and I was not entirely looking forward for an hour and a half to watch this bite core tile and stick together. However, if you sit in the creation of its first job long enough to see the finished product, you get an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the movie is. I really think it's sad that many people have found this impossibly boring or a rhythm of ideas made by other artists. Rivers and tides are a quiet study of some of the artworks and methods of Andy Goldsworthy, who do his art entirely from the things of nature, generally resulting in pieces that will burn in nature in the normal process of intraper. It is slow moving and incomparable, but I think a lot of points in the movie is to show that the Goldsworthy art does not need any accompaniment in order for it to be appreciated. I even heard people complain about how he is constantly talking about the movie, rather than just leaving nature and his artistic work for themselves, which I just think is madness. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many people complaining about CDs come with the lyrics written out inside them. A lot of musicians as well as music music should mean whatever the listener wants to say without the musician showing the exact lyrics, I guess I'm just the kind of person who believes I would like to know what the artist tried accomplished with his or her work. I can still take it as I want even if I know what it means to do. I can understand not to hear him speak in the movie. He does, after all, loses his train of thought and finds himself unable to explain some of his work at more than one occasion, but if you do not want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while watching the movie, feel free to turn the sound. It's like not reading the lyrics if you do not want to know what a musician will sing and would rather interpret the words yourself. <br /> I think Andy Goldsworthy's work, which I had no idea existed before I watched this film, is extremely impressive, and I'm glad that this movie was done in order to show it. Indeed, since his work is generally not the type that can be transported into a studio, photography is the only way other than film that can express it, and I really appreciate being able to see the work that enters his art, and the way that only things from nature are being used. If you do not appreciate certain aspects of how this movie presents, Goldsworthy's works will move enough to overlook that, because the movie is not the star, the Goldsworthy art is. And given the lack of any music or even the least special effects and the slow-moving nature of the movie, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows.
