I rent Zero Day in the local video store last week. I have never heard of the film and I was my reservation about it. Just to look at the box I knew the movie was an Indie movie and that's why the quality was going to be less than a mainstream movie. <br /> I can tell you that after I watched My Zero Day immediately started it from the beginning again. The film was clearly following the basic step of what happened to Columbine High School in April of 1999, but what struck me was how credible the lead actors were. My first time in watching this film I was not entirely sure if what I watched was the actual tapes left behind by the shooters of Columbine. At the back of my mind I knew what I was looking at could not be real but at the same time the act was so convincing you kept giving yourself a shake. <br /> <br /> Is the movie disturbing? Absolutely! Will you see things that will make you merit's questions in the movie? Probably. I think most people will get disturbing that they will actually have feelings for the two lead characters, Calvin and Andrew (played by Cal Robertson and Andrew Keuck). Why is it a problem for some people? Calvin and Andrew are planning a massacre in high school. I know for myself, I felt a tremendous sadness for Andrew and Calvin. I was sympathetic for them because their lives came to a horrible point. They had fallen so many cracks as they started a journey down a road that could stop, if only those around them were taking notice of their combat. <br /> <br /> Zero Day is a phenomenal movie. It gives you a close and personal look at the events that most of us will only see the conclusion of the news. It leaves you thinking about the lives involved. And it leaves you annoying how people get to this point. A week after seeing this film, I still think about it. Those of us who have not seen Zero Day please keep in mind the following: The movie is an independent whose little budget and the movie is shot on camera. The material in the movie is disturbing. This is not mainstream Hollywood and no happy ending. <br /> But if you can put all that aside, Zero Day is a movie that will stick to you and just maybe help you open your eyes a little.
