As always, controversial movies like this have mixed reviews. You either love it or hate it, and not everyone likes this movie. This shows the perspective of the killers, which is something I personally feel is important to consider. You can hate them, you can claim their understanding and feel as if you can relate, but whichever movie will make you think about shooting school from a different perspective. The shotgun film is entirely using a hand-held camera, something I think works very well that it makes it more realistic. He said completely from the point of viewers, from their "mission" to family trips, all leading the "Zero Day" day in which they are planning on a massacre in the schools. Zero Day does not offer answers but merely presents a glimpse into the lives of two small troubled boys and allows the audience to decide for themselves. Our feelings for the boys are a mix between sympathy and hatred, but yet we leave confused as to why two small ordinary boys would do something like that. They show they are usually normal, typical young boys who lead ordinary lives, and if we did not know what they planned we would not expect something (They made it clear to the movie all those who have no one others know about their plan) <br /> The act is very good considered the two actors are completely unknown. We can only hope to see more jobs in both of them in the future. Although this is a fictional manure, one can not help but notice the obvious similarities in Columbine. Calvin and Andrew are similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, (not so much in looks, but in ways) As someone who has done much Columbine research, I could see the similarities and it is almost certainly based on it . <br /> <br /> The current massacre is shown in surveillance cameras at the school and is one of the most freling things I've ever seen. I was completely in shock after seeing it, with a feeling that is left around for a while. It's very realistic and well-done, and it's very hard to look. <br /> In every zero day is an excellent movie, and I think everyone should at least check it out. In the past, we have always merely labeled "psychopaths" killer and supposed that either biologically disabled disaster or had media influence, but as Zero Day shows sometimes the motives are deeper than that, and we can never really understand why such tragedies as shooting schools happen until we've seen it from the perspective of the killers.
