"Kolchak: The Night Stalker" is a hugely popular TV series in which a repast, sarcastic, forty-one reporter will repeat the plot of mortal combat with supreme forces (and occasionally extraterrestrial). Based on a very popular pair of TV movies featuring the Kolchak character, this series killed a rapid death in the mid 1970s due to low ratings, but it still kept a strong culture today. But will the modern-day average viewer be able to dig Kolchak with his weekly clash with the undead? <br /> <br /> This is actually an issue that is hard to answer fairly. Opponents in this series tend to argue that it's formulary and hopelessly dating. On the other hand, fans argue that it's written, well-acting, and sometimes really spooky. And me? I had a leg in both camps. I enjoy watching all 20 episodes in Kolchak on DVD lately, though I can clearly see that the series has major flaws. <br /> I will address the question of Kolchak being the "formula" fiction first. Now I think we all can agree that most TV shows have formula - just about every episode of Columbo unfolding according to the pattern, for example. Repetition is not necessarily a bad thing in itself; In fact, critics have long recognized that hearings often enjoy, and actively seek, repetitive entertainment. However, the problem with Kolchak is that its formula is simply too rigid - it's too repetitive even in most generous standards. <br /> In almost every episode, Kolchak investigates a murder, and figure out that he was committed by some form of monster. She tries to publish a story about Monster said, but her editor Vincenzo blocked her, still on the grounds that Kolchak did not have enough evidence to support her claim that supernatural forces are at work. And, alas, Kolchak is also not prohibited by the police. So, in the end, Kolchak does some independent research on the monster, figure out how to kill him ... and then kill him. Without ceremony, or reward, or write a great story about it. <br /> You can see where this ever-so-strong formula could get tedious, right? I particularly mystified by Vincenzo - whether Kolchak's still ravage about monsters, and Vincenzo never believed it ... well, then, why not Vincenzo Fire Kolchak, or make him commit? That is what any normal boss would do. But the series eschews like realism and prefers to keep Vincenzo and Kolchak as a funny antagonist. As a result, many of the scenes together are profoundly incredible - though they are also quite funny. The very best episodes of Kolchak manage arches over the boundaries of this formula, however, usually because they have some unexpected odds. These selected episodes are good enough that I think they are largely immune to the typical critiques of the series. Some of my favorites included: <br /> <br /> Horror at the heights - an episode that's important for being grimy, inventive and socially aware. Kolchak's dialogue has a very sharp and cynical edge. Even though she adheres well to Kolchak's formula, the script (written by Hammer Studios veteran Jimmy Sangster) is remarkably common, and it delves deeply into the monster backstory. <br /> <br /> The Devil's Platform - a possible inspiration for "Omni" movie, this episode stands for me because the villain - a very young Tom Skerritt - tempt Kolchak with a satanic deal full of goodies (and, in This is a great way to reveal a lot about the reporter's character.) <br /> Firefall - This episode seems to have a bad reputation among fans, but I enjoyed it because it got a big red herring and a really crap, almost Unstoppable-like monster. Even though I 've said that most of the stories are fun at least at the very least. For my money, there are only two complete turkeys in the run of 20-episode: Primal Call, which is about monkey-men running rampant in Chicago, with the Sentry, which features the maximum dumbest-looking animal in the story in filmed entertainment (and this assessment will come from a lifelong physician and fan of Godzilla!) On balance, then this is a good series. Slightly repetitive, slightly cheesy maybe, but it has great elements. Even while the episodes are weaker, Darren McGavin's wonderful performance as the puppet, world-weary, infinitely funny Kolchak really shines. She brings the series effortlessly, in a way that, for example, Sarah Michelle Gellar never managed to "Buffy." McGavin was a great actor character, and this series is worth looking for him alone.
