A couple of years back I bought (and enjoy) the MGM dual-feature DVD in the two Kolchak TV movies, STALKER in the night (1971) and the Stranger Night (1972). When the universal series of the subsequent television series came out, I intended to buy it immediately - but rumors about playback issues and dreaded DVD-18s were kept from adding to my collection; Recently, I put an online order made in a spate of Universal Box setup discounts and decided to pick up the 3-Discer KOLCHAK too. <br /> Having watch it right now, I can safely say that I didn Not sorry to find this beloved (if short-lived) crime / horror series one bit: it can follow an official - sticky formula with contemporary resource Carl Kolchak, beautifully played by Darren McGavin, joining the hair and his mood (Simon Simon's editor, long-suffering colleague, assorted authoritarian figure, a plethora of monsters and villains), faces threats Inevitable (and usually supernatural) alone, but ultimately, the pressure to keep his story under finish - but one win is reinforced by an impressive line-up of inviting star and remarkable behind-the-scenes credit), showing in a great deal of pleasure. <br /> <br /> That is, quality varies from an episode to another and the modest budgets are given results of speci al and make-up effects that sometimes leave a lot to be desired (for example, werewolf In the eponymous entry with the soybean goat's jump in the last installment of the past) - we do not mention the fact that such restrictions in programming 50 minutes and the intent of family boot consumption have instead prevented a simplified rendering and crimping of its terms often psychological and metaphysical (in the case of the werewolf, again, he never sees biting anyone but, a bit crazy, is made to just throw people around)! <br /> While cynical hero's narcotics make a lot of pulling one of the unseen cemeteries, there is a healthy dose of comedy relief involved in every episode (often, but not just, revolving around McGavin's relationship with either Oakland or geeky reporter Jack Grinnage) - they say nothing in reasonable atmosphere (the environment, for the most part, is Chicago) and suspense. To make the ride even more beautiful, have a bouncy note by Gil Melle and Jerry Fielding. For the record, the monsters encounter (but not always defeated) by Kolchak in all their series are: a revived Jack Ripper, a variety of cultures (Voodoo, Native American, Aztec), aliens, vampires, werewolf (Go round his on-concept concept does not have this particular episode entirely put on a cruise-liner!), Doppelganger, Satanist, swamp creatures, witch, headless motorcyclists, succubus, a knight's arm to take a life of murder Its own (the episode and perhaps best cast in support - featuring John Dehner as a morally polite commander, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen De Troy (!) And Crocodile. Some of the actors (other than those who play Kolchak's co-workers) return to the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as officers of the law), John Fiedler (as an assistant morgue assistant) and Richard Kiel as two different nemesis in the hero. If I was forced to choose the best episodes (or most fun), I would lean toward HORROR in the HEIGHTS (co-starring Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and mentioned above - as much as weaker I went for the WEREWOLF (due to the reason I had already explained) and CHOPPER (based on a story connected by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the set has no extras: it would have been nice to see a featurette discussing the many concerts faced with at KOLCHAK: STALKER in the night, as well as putting the series in a context where TV was at the original original time, or even indicating its long-term influence on the apparently endless run of today's popular set of series. In fact, Kolchak himself - in a smaller and officially darker source - back to a 2005 revival; This version is available at my local rental location ... but for many reasons, I'm not sure I want to check it out right after the 1974-5 classic!
