There are two different ways to enjoy this fast-paced TV show ("godfather" in X-Files and Buffy, etc.); as a monster show (she scared the hell out of me when I was a kid!), or as a gumshoe / movie-noir well written / acting. It works on both levels. They had been timed over the years (it was done in the mid 70s), but I was amazed at the rediscover show (via DVD) that I actually enjoy it now for the last few reasons. Darren McGavin's late fall is Karl Kolchak, a unique, tenacious, rumpled Newsman / monster-hunter who, in pursuit of a story, still finds a supernatural angle; Many of Kolchak's pain-on-stress, put-on boss Tony Vincenzo (playing with tremendous great-world not too late, great Simon Oakland; you can practically feel the pain of his ulcers!). The friendship between these characters is rugged and witty (much like Spock's STAR TREK and McCoy, only more acidic!). Over the course of the two-season pilot television series, Kolchack has been fighting vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government, aliens, and ancient legends (sounds like all 9 years running in the X-Files! a season!). And Kolchak did it first! And as Gil Melle's companion is cool, partly whiz-tune the main titles ... well, X-Files Chris Carter's creator called Mike Snow (very similar) X-Record the main theme of a 'tribute.' Both terms work well; leave it at that. And unlike many modern horror / sci-fi shows, most of KOLCHAK's monsters are shown in shadow, and in rapid cuts (effectively, and sometimes happy, as some of them do not keep up to modern investigations, but some still do ). Show modern horrors to take note: Less is more! One of the few flaws in the show (and it's a bit) is over-utilized in Sunny, California premises than for Chicago Chicago wind. NIGHT GALLERY has the same problem; Inevitable for a budget-modest, L.A. based show. And some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what (now) to see it as candles (the sophisticated reproduction, Ron Updike, still used for comic relief; sweet, old ladies / poet Emily). But they all have the brightest moments (INCLUDING many TV characters supported since, cliché or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show, which serves as a model for many people who follow. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever recorded for a TV genre television (REAL POTENTIAL Agent Mulder). And as a note, I tried to watch some new episodes, "re-imagine" in the show. It's an X-Files script (a copy of a copy?). With a bad, in this. Carl Kolchak is now a model-beautiful, bitter 30-something (played rating by a boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully-type partner is also a lame idea; It undermines Kolchak as a lone, Don Quixote crusader! And Kolchak and Vincenzo GALAN? Where's the tension? Friendship? The selection of the KOLCHAK name on this bit is a first example of how to make a rumor: Take a beloved culture, scratch everything on it, drain it in all characters and colors ( but keep the name! Need credit credits!), and voila! Instant re-hash! It gets an 'F' of 'Re Imaginings 101'! The new version was the ax! Stick with short live, but original classic. It really gets better and age.
