I loved KOLCHAK: STALKER in the night since I saw him in the night he premiered on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that seemed awesome at the time with the cool music by Gil Melle (hey, where to the band guys)? often think about what this work shows to me so completely and finally conclude that the reason it endures when many others are not one simple, its important element has that almost no other show fear seems to be and This is a primary character that most people can relate to on a daily basis. When Carl Kolchak Darren McGavin begins to discover odd situations, he responds as most people would. It finds them odd and as it gets closer to danger, it is frightening, though he knows he must move forward to try to defeat whatever threat has been shown in this episode. It is rare that it is brave enough to stand against some superior supernatural forces. It usually puts a trap and is hidden or waiting in the wings to see if it works. Sometimes, it seems surprising that he managed to defeat a foe as we are. In one episode, he went to find a monster in a sewer but when he first saw it, he ran to get out of hand but blocking such reluctance, he must go back and defend himself. It's heroic because it is willing to do things that most of us probably would not do but that does not mean it probably would not be much rather than someone else did it instead of him. He is a regular guy, doing a job, trying to make a buck, not a monster-hunter. He just gets wrapped up in things that involve the supernatural, which he has an interest in but does not want to hurt or kill anymore than any of the rest of us. If his plan to defeat the animal did not work, you'll often see him running for his life to get away from it, which is of course what I would do in the situation. That's why I've often looked at the clues at the show of my fingers as a kid. Kolchak was likable and you care if something bad happened to him. You were afraid of it and other characters as well. Producers and writers obviously knew that anyone can create a monster suit, scary music and direct a scenic scene but it's all for nothing if you do not care about the characters. Darren McGavin said that the reason for showing the show only lasted in season was because he was tired of making a "monster in the week" show and he decided not to continue. I can tell you I'm sorry then shows was canceled when I was a kid but, as an adult, I can see why she could not go through that formula for a lot of time. I still love the 20 episodes and two movies featuring McGavin as bumbling, determined with garbage, but good-hearted reporter for the INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt anyone doing movies or movies will never really understand why I liked the show. It's not the monsters, trumpet-lit sounds, greepy music or star inviting jumps, although they are all vital ingredients. The secret of success it is right to have in the title - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without the adorable McGavin, bumbling Carl Kolchak rooted for and cared, then it just is not a night stalker.
