It's hard to watch this movie without thinking forward to the TV show it would come, especially if, like me, you happen to love the TV show more. But there is a lot to be said for the source. Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau) is a top New York City sportswriter who lives in an apartment eight-bedded apartment, an accident in divorce and his own hassle despite. Join Felix Ungar friends (Jack Lemmon), who needs a place to live after his wife drove him out for his selfnik attitude. The result is a wreck train and one of the favorite movie adaptations of a play Neil Simon play. <br /> The first thing first: I like that apartment! Poker tables, wireless arrow charts, believers' pictures of baseball players, empty bib and container beer, even a pair of Roman columns. It is a place where men can be boys. Simon and the director of Gene Saks have done a great job of singing single-stage play, Oscar's living room, by moving the action of the rooms and kitchens and giving the mounting tension between Oscar and Felix more corner bounced off. <br /> Neal Hefti's been recorded accustomed to the TV show, but never so intestinal orchestral as it is here, in several different arrangements that make the action on screen to scroll every time he plays. True work place and Night Shots in Manhattan provide the film of a common energy in shot film at this place and time ("Buddwing," "The World of Henry Orient," "Midnight Cowboy," "Manchur Prandium," "Baby Rosemary , "etc.) <br /> Are Lemmon and Matthau too heavy in comparison with Tony Randall and Jack Klugman? To be fair, the film is meant to have a more serious matter, with respect to the then uncommon condition of life-life divorce and frustration inherent in not being able to conduct a relationship relationship. Simon has more to do than going into Felix and Oscar in a game of "Password" or a bloody battle with Howard Cosell. But I do not know ... <br /> <br /> Both Lemmon and Matthau were terrific comedians I like to watch especially among this movie as I often do in separate movies, but I never understand why was considered a great comedy team. Here, in best-regarding partnerships, they seem to be acting in two different films; Lemmon in a comedy-drama with Matthau in a farce. Matthau is great from the beginning, our good and teddy-bearings attitude around the poker table, but near the end of the film it takes a lot of turns like Jack Torrance in to the "shining," reacting to Felix to clear up her apartment and serve tasty food to her friends in a way that totally upsets the delicate balance of blame. <br /> <br /> While the finish bothers me, the lot part sees as the most jarring, in the beginning, works fine as I see it. Watching Felix barriers around trying to kill himself is not great comedian, no, but it's a great way to enter a great comedy, putting us up with some real life pain before bringing in the heat and laughter. (More than a few large shots in the seedier parts of the city.) In the middle of this film, this scene would be a miscalculation, but it works as a way of establishing Felix's torment and a sense of sharp relief when we see Oscar and his poker friend bicker and fraud. <br /> That's where Simon's line is so great. They are the strength to hide in the movie. He gets the right to the right and real, and he always makes it funny. "I do not mind you talk, Felix. You've got things to say. What's horrible I'm starting to listen." The TV show showed how bad it is to assume the movie is still better, in fact the TV show once made a good point on "accepting" anything at all but the movie does for a solid foundation and is a joy in its own right.
