Bill Crain is much scarce than 'rare' slasher certainly does not follow the standard pedal and cut guidelines that have become so essential to its counterparts. The Bogeyman this time around using grenades and small arms as well as an awesome array of melee weapons; - a sin that is virtually acceptable in most post-Halloween pieces of genre. But there are still just enough familiar to keep slasher enthusiasts from checking the rulebook and the plot never loses too far the path that you have grown to expect. As Wally Koz's 552 surprise was shamed together with the help of his various relatives, Mirage seems to have been a joint production from the director's family. Look at the credits I've noticed many 'crains' listed in key positions throughout the construction of the feature. But despite fairly good distribution across the globe, the movie failed to make an impression on either side of the Atlantic and now it has become pretty much a phantom in the VHS market. But only this made it appealing to me even more and so I tense my resources to follow a copy down ?? <br /> It all takes place in the middle of the dessert, how I sure you will agree is hardly the most interesting place. With that said though, I have to admit that there will certainly be no chance for any John Q Bond lending unexpectedly. Four young independent self lovers come out of the sand for a night of crackdown and frol that always seems to rub the homicidal manic move the way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and Greg Boyfriend (Kenny Johnson) meet with new entertainment trips (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) at a change site made in the desert dune. Kyle, Greg's older brother (Todd Schaefer) and his bamboo girlfriend Bambi (Laura Albert) soon turn up to join the applicant body count in their quest for an early grave. Kyle used to date Chris before his brother took the freedom of stealing his pressure ?? something that Kyle does not seem too keen to forget. Sounds as a motive for a slaughter? Well what did you expect? Before long someone who does not see driving a truck with tinted windows enters the rally with a unique set of tricks up his sleeve. Does any of the surviving children turn up to an end? <br /> I had problems tracking down any information at all about this feature. I do not even know if Bill Crain's director is aka William Crain ?? This man behind scary midnight and Blacula among others. Miracles certainly do not appear on his official filmography, so guess you are as good as mine. Judging by the credible job behind the camera, I should say that I find it hard to believe that this is the first of a man with no previous Cinematic experience. The film is stylishly photographed with some superb work from DP Michael Crain, and the director has a very talented credential for building suspension when needed. R. GX FX Christopher Biggs are imaginatively created with gruesome, and kudos at the top of the BBFC's inexplicably letting this pass through UNCUT on a rating sharply 18. A couple of murders are indeed incredibly. A guy gets buried around his neck in the sand before coming face to face with a grenade, while another ends up literally legless after a fight with a chain and a pick up truck! There are also some black humor in this case unintentionally. We pass the majority of features to see only the killer boots as it steps out of his car and teenage feet. But when it was revealed hilariously similar to Keanu Reeves en Bill and the Ted Bogus Journey, I did not quite know what to expect. Fortunately Crain knows exactly how to keep things creepy and the confrontation is particularly mean spirited as the psychic taunts Chris Sadistic. Some surprisingly good performances on display in a very inexperienced cast. Wine Jennifer McAllister does a superb job as the heroine and B.G. Steers show off his rocket resignation and delicacy. The casting director chose wisely to select some of the most beautiful women ever killed in slasher movies and it does not come in the cost of thespian potential. The soundtrack works well to build the atmosphere of desolation in isolation, which is carefully handled by a director who should have signed and nurtured by Hollywood bigwigs. Watch out for the superb nightmare sequence that is really movie-making movie in its most freakyest movie. Mirage is a good late entry in the cycle that was somewhat unfortunate to miss a year boom set among the slasher elite. Considering that this was done with just a cast of seven and a pick up truck, you were told that they were doing a damn good job. Many flaws, but never detect credibility from the outcome. Unfortunately you were probably more likely to get gold liquids in your cup of coffee than you have ever followed a copy. If you see this one covered in dust on the top shelf at your local video store, then make sure you choose it. Recommended.
