The original movie, the odd couple, has some wonderful funny one-liner covered. The whole world seems to know the story of Felix Ungar's own neo-frolic and comic, obnoxious, slave Oscar Madison. This mockatched roaming paring creates one of the most successful television series of all time as well as countless, nowhere near as good, imitation. The Odd Couple Movie has some wonderful jokes about Oscar's apartment and his sloppy habit. He said, "Who wants to eat?" One of his poker friends asked, "What did you get?" Oscar said, "I got brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." "What's the brown?" It's either very new cheese or many old meat! "I also love the line on the Oscar's fridge," It was out of order for two weeks, I saw milk stopping there that was not even in a bottle! "There is no question that Oscar Madison Walter Matthias is happy to watch on screen It is almost as good as Jack Klugman's version of the TV series. <br /> <br /> The problem with the movie is Jack Lemmon Felix Ungar Jack made a very, very, honest effort in the role.The problem is that it makes Felix SO depressed and down-trodden that it gets annoyingly funny than Tony Randall's performance in the series brought the kind of humor , Felix's character, painted by Lemmon's Felix Unger's paintings, obviously would be bothering some of the time. However, in the television series, he relates specific situations where they need to be annoying in the Jack storyline Felix Ungar, (remembering different spelling) in the film, seems never to be happy, fun, or interrupted. Felix Ungar's movie is a roommate that drives you up the wall, all the time. The great that holds the test of time, the "famous" fighting meatloaf is one of the greatest scene ever! One of the other great examples of Felix's "little note" on the Oscar pillar will be remembered forever. However, there are some darker places where Oscar goes to the top, "crying" near the end after casting out Felix, with a scene involving Linguine Felix's dinner (although lightened by a comic line.) Looks like more depressions than funny. <br /> Maybe not enough time to see the lighter side of the characters that made the series memorable in the movie. Starting 20 minutes are very boring. The same problem occurs with Felix's conversation with Pidgeon Sisters. The film's end is predictable and too little. There are many care or compassion for each of them by the other. The result is that the dark side of the film leads to a lot of depression and anger, rather than comedy, unless you are watching the great scenes described above. It appears that Jack Lemmon's Monotone character in Felix brings the movie down, rather than improving or embracing the comedy between characters. <br /> It really took the 1970s series to make the odd couple the best that she could be. The original film is still very good. However, the TV series is best.
