Some of the best movies that are categorized as "Comedies" actually blur between comedy and drama. The "Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and Kid of Sundance", which also made the end of the 1960s are perfect examples. Are they plagued with plentiful dramatic, or playful plays and a lot of humor? In many respects, the "odd couple" fell into this same category of being both dramatic and dramatic comedy on human nature. Many of these happen to be funny at the audience, but the characters are not laughing. Despite the rather light-hearted TV show in the 1970s, the original "odd couple" is not merely a clean guy and lover guy who is forced to live together because of their wedding situation. It's really about two opposites that must be facing why their marriage falls apart and how detrimental idiosyncrasies reveal themselves out of marriage. Nenets, features of Felix Ungar (Jack Lemons perfectly cast) and holes, features of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), are only the beginning and a bit superficial. As the story unfolds, we get a lot more of these men than simply cleansing against myths. <br /> <br /> Shortly, the story is really about Felix Ungar, who has to face a divorce next to his wife Francis, whom we never met, but is an important character in all history a. On the way to suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: the apartment at Oscar Madison where a group of amiable poker hangs out all these often. We learn that Ungar is not just a member of "poker club" but the band knows what's going on and try in the way insects, help out. Madison figures the best way to help Hungary is to let him move in with him until his suicide tendency. <br /> Unfortunately for Madison, she does not know what she's getting herself in. Madison is a happy-go-lucky though rather irresponsible slob who was recently cleaned up when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is grabbing mold cheese and sticking them in between two pieces of bread, and then sending the contents of a bag of chips on the table. On the other hand, she enjoys booze and women, in short there is a good time. <br /> <br /> Hungary is not just all different, it is diametrically opposed. It is not just a obsessive core nut that finds more joy in disinfecting the apartment than women's meetings but knows more than most women do about cooking and fine foods. At one point, she called her ex-wife, not talking about reconciliation, but to get her recipe for meatloaf. In another moment, Ungar was going to spend the rest of the evening cabbage cut for coleslaw. When Madison looks like impression, Ungar finally acknowledges that he only makes it for his roommate because he can not stand coleslaw. Who is this guy? But it has a very attractive feature: Felix is ​​also a hypocondriak. She obsesses her health at the point where she makes noisy sound in public places claiming her to help his sinister. It seems there are all health conditions in the book. But if they did more, Felix would probably have them. Finally, it is overly self-absorbed. Running through the movie is the marriage reference. At one point when Madison tries to convince Hungary to move, she says, "What do you want, a wedding ring?" But little she knows that she is not the clean guy who can not cope with the dirty guy, but the other way around. Friendship has become a infernal infernal relationship. And the highest point occurs when Oscar invites two British lonely sisters to get-together with both comedy and tragic outcomes. This is one of the best comedies in its kind ever written and not to be missed, and the Supreme performance by Walter Matthau and Jack Limon in the role that is hard to imagine best played by anyone else. It is unfortunate that writing in this caliber is sadly missing out of the most comedy today.
