I do not think I've ever given Walter Matthau it as a comedy scene. She certainly was wonderful in many of the lighthearted roles, but I guess I still put her success down to her characters and unworthy, a gray contrast to the flamboyant personality of her frequent co-star Jack Lemmon, and, I suppose , a natural extension of its earlier work of dramatic photographs. Watching Gene Saks' 'The Odd Couple (1968),' adapted from a popular Neil Simon play, the realization suddenly clicks: Matthau is, in his own right, absolutely hilarious! Initially striking the audience as roomy, bullies and generally unappealing, Oscar Madison he eventually manages his way of worming into our hearts, culminating in a hilariously overplayed confession of emotion that Matthau rasps from a totally unpopular voice . At the same time, while maintaining itself as a comedy, interplaying it with Lemmon is, of course, pitch-perfect; indeed, the movie is the reason of both actors, who never failed to light the movie screen by themselves, let alone together. <br /> <br /> Calling to Billy Wilder's Movie Ideas for 'The Apartment (1960),' this Neil Simon comedian builds himself around a rather morbid site. Suitable household cleaner Felix Unger (Lemmon), having just been evicted by his wife at twelve years, tried to commit suicide, but the fruit abandoned the idea after his debris attempted to open the hotel window. Breakfast, he came to the home of his friend Oscar (Matthau), a divorced slave who lives alone on a diet of potato crisps and green sandwiches (which might include either very new cheese or old meat!). Oscar acting offers Felix somewhere to stay, but is soon overwhelmed by his friend finicky personalities and constant insistence on absolute cleanness. The pair formed a weird sort of wedding arrangement, and Felix accepted the role of Sisi and still-wife, and Oscar as sloppy, the unappreciative husband who always came home later than he was supposed to. This is a wedding that lasted three weeks and, at the end of it, we can completely sympathize with Felix's ex-wife, who remained unseen. <br /> <br /> The 'odd couple' is a terrific comedy, most of all because it has a lot of heart. For all the discussions, it is obvious that two collars have a lot of affection for each other, most move to see when Felix tries to launch in an angry fury, rather than ?? maybe inadvertently ?? ending to inform Oscar how his "head" is. Four friends bet their pairs (Jan Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are also still badgering each other on some dark inconveniences, but you can not deny that they had the best of intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him could blow up the theory, but maybe they were ignoring the correct solution Felix's grim feelings of inability and inconsistency. Unlike some comedy based on popular stage play {I was recently disappointed by Wilder's' Seven Years Itch (1955)}, this movie does not simply hit the same code at all, and the relationship between the two leads progressively developed, in tears, laughter and many disagreements.
