There are more to offer at the opening of the Undead Couple than in the whole movie. Felix Unger (monogram poor guy even cursed him) checks in a New York hotel. A clean lady says "good night." "Goodbye," she replied back. In her bedroom, she poured her pockets, then letting off her wedding ring only for putting the objects well in an envelope, addressing her wife and dear kids. When the viewer finally puts it together? Ah, he went to his head ?? we watch his struggle to open the window ?? oh no, he's going to jump ?? The poor guy injured his lower back. This is all you need to know about Felix Unger ?? His wife left her, she is a compulsive cleaner and she is a hypocondriak. And all in one scene. This is the particular genius of Neil Simon's comedy ?? it's about status and character. There are some obvious jokes ?? no kicks off the weight, no cheap gag ?? just funny characters in uncomfortable situations. And, of course, it is a master of manipulating the audience's expectations. Coming from the Swingers era, imagine what I thought at the scene when Felix started lamenting about the separation of her wedding in the Oscar roommate girls she worked so hard to get into his apartment. She blows it, right? Think again. The girls love his sensitivity, his ability to weep ahead. They invited him back to their place since he was burning meat because Oscar did not pay enough attention to it. It's like Flynn, right? Yes, yes, but she does not want to go with the girls because she feels vulnerable. Great things. And it was even bigger with a style that reduced the maximum correction and apartment to eight-bedroom apartments. You had Jack Lemmon and the slouchy, Walter Matthau pouch for Chrissakes, why mess it up? The visual style reminds me of the Tiffany Breakfast, in which great effect is made from a great depth of field and the interaction between the various planes of action. Particularly memorable is the scene in which Felix, which escapes from Oscar, closes a partition only to achieve the partition by covering Oscar side coming from. You get a real sense of the layout of the apartment, and thus the proximity to which the two divorces live. The twist here is that these two are really married? with each other. So the observations about married life that could be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy have made all the more intense since they are two guys.
