SPOILERS <br /> <br /> In the words of Jean-Paul Sartre, "hell is others." In the "odd couple", Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau demonstrate just how accurate this can be. As Felix Ungar and Oscar Madison, Lemmon and Matthau respectively create two good friends who decided to live together. As the two begin to slowly grow more and more frustrated with each other, the laughter comes thick and fast, before Felix's part, leaving Oscar a change and more cleaning individual. <br /> <br /> Jack Lemmon as Hungary is absolutely superb as the neurotic, cleaning obsessed diversity to cope with life as a single person. Walter Matthau in contrast to Lemmon's character is equally good as the slobbish sports writer who simply wants to play poker to earn money for the benefit of his children. Lemmon and Matthau are fabulous in their chosen part, at some degree depending on the beautiful script by Neil Simon, and together because they work well as a team. As two friends who are naturally different in view, although in the relationship with ex-wife and children, these two, late, big actors create a partnership that is practically impossible to recreate. So great in fact, that the world calls out so much for something similar, that two years before Matthau's death and three before Lemmon, the characters were assembled at an inferior end. This idea, while following Hollywood's instructional concerns and end, might have been working to a certain degree, but at the same time, it can never be close to replica the genius of this original movie. <br /> <br /> Finally it's not really possible to say anything else. With Simon's amazing script, filled with humor and laughter, the creators of this movie were already on a hit. The casting of Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Ungar and Oscar Madison though, is the most important part of this film. "The odd couple", and it's traditional tape (which even became a tribute to the "Simpsons"), it's excellent script and engineering leading people, a tribute to movies and a feature for history to remember.
