I got this movie from a cousin in Norway and converted it from Norwegian to American format and a copying video. Comparing this film (1948) with the heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen to Tungtvannet (The Battle for the Heavy Water) projected the Sabotage themselves, play their respective roles, even though the actors were cast to play their role in saboteurs who have given their lives in fighting Norway for freedom of later campaign. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian along with French, German and English (completed with the Norwegian translation). Impressive during this course of history is what led to the struggle. French scientists were interested in finding some two kilograms of oils in heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to take back to France in order to conduct lab study on its effectiveness. Together, the Nazis, too, were interested in finding heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis would take an early lead by invading Norway, and in secret codes, people carefully eluded Nazi spy on his travels to Oslo where he got the heavy water and returned it without hindrance . He watched two spies as he mounted an airplane, but they did not see him hop out on the other side where he crossed the tarmac in another plane nearby where he was waiting for him. This clever trick was working using the plane as a nail that the Nazis later forced down to Hamburg. <br /> However, the invasion of Norway in the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazis took over Norsk Hydro and it was up to the Norwegian Underground and the British intelligence in London to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad served as volunteering service to the Eleven; "valleys" and "gunnerside" groups that would successfully sabotage the heavy water production in Vemork. This was shown in detail about how to actually carry out the operation, including sailing down the ferry after the Nazis abandoned Norsk Hydro to take the shipment of heavy water on rail cars in Berlin. The movie was just though there was plenty of complexity in the movie. I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in World War II history.
