It sounds a bit awkward to call a movie about wars and shocking holocaust since many of us will know only too well in the horrors of war and violence. Using the 'shocking' adjectives I do not intend to mean that I am surprised about the things being said about in this movie or that I have been old ignorance of them, it is just that I am very impressed by the way in which This movie shows how crazy and incomprehensible it is to kill each other, either with or without a 'reason'. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in the Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have had an Oscar for this performance, due to consistent leadership, but it always acts solid enough and has enormous charisma. It is thrown very well as Hanna and instantly has our liking. It is very nice to help, of course, but that's nothing to do with it was simply a good actress, playing a good party. <br /> <br /> Certain inconsistencies caught up in the Hanna War. I sometimes find the director Menahem Golan idea (often despised for the Gianni Versace Murder) was in a hurry and should actually allow a few more to take for each scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful to have made this movie impressive and thought-provoking and as I'm very positive about it, I think he did a great job. <br /> <br /> The second half of the film is one of the most exciting and tragic. It focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of fear pornography of Donald Pleasans in Roseland's cruel and sardonic) and intensively shows the injustice and horror that comes with hatred and violence and war. I received Hanna's war, especially second half, as a major anti-war movie and for that alone Golan deserved credit. It is also this second half of Maruschka Detmer's talent out, creating a character that goes into movie history as one of the most talkative, strong and tragic ever described. It is also great to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and style acting always reminds me of Romy Schneider, who -had she was alive and cast - would make a similar contribution to Hanna's war. The tragic impact of the second half with the desperate tension that is sometimes replaced by hope prospects and good news leads to a number of final scenes that show something so unexpected, so moving and poetic in its tragedy that it strikes me as a Bomb and let me with tears. But when I realized once more it was not even fiction, it all happened, I found myself in even more tears. The image of Hanna described by Maruschka Detmers will be in my mind forever.
