One day someone will write an essay comparing Paul Naschy to "The Wrath Of The Wolfman" The Spanish Ensign Films, "The Age Of Yours" and "Un Chien Andelou". The Naschy movie is a masterpiece of delirium from the beginning to end. Dali and Bunuel probably love him and feed their hearts out to see someone do with the apparent ease that they have to rack their brain to pull off. The film misses itself even if it has a plot that moves from A to B C. Some mishmash on a "Walterman Professor" - his first name, self - who was bitten by a monster Yeti while a Tibet expedition and it was not the same since, which is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, the daughter searched through Wolfstein's doctor, knew about his condition and revealed that his wife was cheating on her. But it's a setup for a genuine scientific experience to unleash his interior creatures. <br /> <br /> "Walterman" flips out, turn into a werewolf, kill a few people, is electrocuted, dead, buried, musician, taken in a castle filled with dry phenomenon, tuned in cars Various types, zapped with matching electronics, injected and powerful elixirs, are rigid, come in a werewolf, a woman in an evening gown and fetish-fetish nipple skirt rubbing it and eyebrows, helping the doctor Beautiful girl finds her way out of the castle, fend off the phenomenon circle and a battle ax, eventually turning back to a werewolf, and she has to fight off the death of incarnation of female werewolf in his cheating wife. The lady and the Nazi boots launched her with silver bullets from her pistol luger, killed together with the handsome doctor in the morning and the reporter studly, who did nothing. "Look, what a beautiful day it is!" <br /> <br /> The "Furia del Mondo Lobo" was written by Paul Naschy in a hurry. The original director Enrique Eguilez was fired and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drink that had been infamously intoxicated throughout the production. He was often able to work (though he found time to teach his 14-year-old make some changes to the script) and Naschy ended up executing many of the movie unauthorized. Zabalza has gathered enough clip some action scenes in one of the movies before the Naschy, "Mark of the Wolfman". The scenes were fortunately good enough to use twice though the costumes were different, and helped pad out the exit after Zabalza refused to get out of the movie finish bed. Post production was a nightmare. No one knew who made the correction, the money ran out, the meter printed disappeared for a while, and then in a pre-release screening for an executive film distributor was reached Zabalza urine in the gut march in front of the theater. He was too busy to get the toilet but at least he did it in the sidewalk. But somehow the movie works, if you leave it. It's the key to those atavistic memories we have about noble castles, catacombs of arch, chains, whips, gloomy moths. Fans of these sort of things will find it hypnotically look even though the story as a whole does not make much sense due to discontinuous fractures of the execution. In one pouring rainstorm and the wolf dip into the lightning; In the next shot bones it's dry and it's screaming to the full moon. Then rain it again. But you do not look at it as a gaffe. It's like a dream unfolding where contradictions are possible, the opposite is the same, and the effects continue to cause; The first Wolfman selects the power cable and screams, and then the cable starts playing with electricity. People say its low budget hurt overall in general - I say the movie would be if they had a cents more than that. It is a wonder of doing something out of nothing, and succeeding not because of what he could at, but because of what he does. It's easy to laugh at things like this and even easier to postpone it. The trick is that they can see through the destruction, or rather to consider the mess as part of the effect. Paul Naschy died last week at age 75. He was ill with cancer for a year or more, working on film projects up to its last days, but was spent in Madrid, Spain, and his family while receiving chemotherapy treatment. His rich, varied, and amazing career is a legacy of a man stubbornly behind his artistic vision in the face of mainstream indicator indicators. But in all of us we have a young old kid who will watch her movies like "Wrath of the Wolfman" in awe of anger. Even those who do not like Euro Horror will discover something in this movie surprised, if only for just a minute in a couple spots. You can find it for free at Archive.Org or even buy it on a DVD for a nickel. It is worth far, far more. Amusingly, Naschy was afraid to learn that many others like me consider this tight, sick, demanding little films as a classic, if not an outright ruler of the Cinemas Resignation. The problem he encountered during the production and chaos in a movie that left after being perhaps too personal an artistic deception for Naschy pardon. I would never dare forgive her for her, but I'll say this: I'd rather look "The Wolfman's Wrath" in its dingestest, most off and degraded full-screen public domain than ever to sit though overbearing, the objectionable churning spit out of this swine flu cineplexes or any other weekend. <br /> <br /> The world lost a great artist this month. Watch her movie, and remember. <br /> 9/10
