This film captures a lot of flakes, but this is usually based on the horrible looking version of the film and film / movie coverage that has played US TV and has also been providing death on VHS and DVD buying companies like Alpha , Unicorn, etc. This film never had a theater release state, although it was picked up by Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain at the time when nudity was involved, filmmakers fired two versions, one and dress with an and out. The printed version of the English printing has been recorded by WEREWOLF NEXT SLEEPS and seems to have been released in home video only in Sweden back in 80 years. It can be found on Ebay with the love and comes highly recommended. I guess Avco cuts the movie down for a RR release that never happened. In 1974 it was released by Avco TV titled FURY at WOLFMAN and the dress version used for this TV screen. Cut off 12 years later with FURY at WOLFMAN's pops up on the charter's home video label. This version appeared to be what Avco was going to release back to '73. Read the version covered, with some nudity that never would have been on TV or in a PG movie. There are several scenes on charter tapes that play with stripping that are dressed in the TV (the source for those Dud and VHS dollars). But a comparison to completely unutilized NEVER SLEEPS reveals that 2 scenes are off on this version! (Descendancy in next paragraph) The scene where Ilona has Waldermar wrapped around the wall and whips him after it transforms into the werewolf is incomplete. After rubbing her to submit, she starts to remove her clothes and start doing the werewolf love !!! The longitude respond positively to these sexual shenanigans as well. This scene is certainly ranked as one of the most unusual in the history of horror film and is a delirious treat. It's not graphic but the implied integrity was too much for U.S. audience, or more likely MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Waldemar and could not possibly possess him, hence his whole conspiracy of Waldmarar's wife controls and involves him in an affair. She wanted to destroy her marriage, and she accomplished this while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately it returns a werewolf, but it does not slow down it a bit. If she can not physically have her like a man, she likes her enough to have sex with her as a werewolf. This also helps explain the later stage where the werewolf beds down with a woman she spots getting naked before bedtime while peeping through her window. This scene presents the nonsense effect of the version covered and really makes no sense. In the uncut version, it seemed to Ilona's affection to make the horny werewolf and in need of release, so he raped the first woman he could after escaping. The other cut is a complete scene of Waldemar in the bed and Karen and sees naked. A very similar room scene was cut off from the U.S. version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS WOMAN VAMPIRE) as well. The movie has its problem though, for certain. The director drank, stopping the bad for the werewolf at the point, grasping the English dubbing, inclusion in sequence from the first Waldemar film at WOLFMAN aka FRANKENSTEIN to TERROR BLOODY and abusing the grotesque of the film's music scores at all etc. Seeing its original panel and uncut (ie: WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS) it is one of the most outrageous in the linguist Daninsky series, with an unmatched line drawn in all this but the kitchen leak approach. The sinking / scrubbing and scanning of the full screen of this film makes it not grace, and unfortunately this is the version almost everybody commented on the movie being seen. The movie carries a 1970 copyright, and I'd bet the 1972 release date on the IMDb is incorrect. The film predicted WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS WOMAN VAMPIRE) in the series and was certainly released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. WEREWOLF's Finishing Period / FURY at the WOLFMAN dovetails directly at the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, offers this concrete proof. Unfortunately, a complete version can never get a decent release. A perfect release would be the English version of uncut but in Spanish with English subtitles. English dubbed the seriously hurt movie. But any Spanish language version would reflect the version as shown in Spain during the era of Franco, where nudity was banned.
