I saw that when he was prime minister and just re-looking at him again. This is a great storytelling of the many possible stories about the immigrant workers' population who came to Hawai'i to work in the sugar plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of this migration; My parents were born in a Kohala plant (Big Island) in the movie time setting. I moved to Big Island over a year ago after living in California for more than 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the ancient growing lands are still undeveloped, and the wild can still grow, years after the farmings are closed. I've heard many stories from my aunt and uncle who grew up on the plantation. This film helps these images of history and memories. This story is more of a historical document than a romantic movie-driven film. He let me shake my head to read a review like the ccthemovieman. Some people just do not get it. <br /> I do not remember that Youki Kudoh had the role of starting, with which he did an incredible job. I remember his great performance at Jim Jarmusch's Mystery Train and an Australian film, starting with Russell Crowe, "Burning in the Sky." Tamlyn Tomita did a good job with her English Pidgin, especially for someone who did not grow up in the Islands. I've forgotten that Toshiro Mifune had a comet role as moving shifting images. And I miss the fact that Jason Scott Lee had a non-credited party, who did not speak as one of the plantation workers during the pagan scene. I was very sad to find out that the director and co-writer, Kayo Hatta, had died in a wreckage accident in 2005. <br /> There are two other excellent film films that mirror this craft planting experience: "Gaijin" on workers they camp immigrants in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same period of time; and "Sugar Cane Alley" on cottage plantation experience in Africa. The letter is still available, but "Gaijin", sadly, does not appear to have been shown well for a while. Another big movie about the early Asian experience in America when migrants were more like slaves is "A piece of gold". This was put on the involvement of Chinese workers in the building of the railroad, starring Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan, and Dennis Dun.
