Distortion is a movie, haunted movie, life imitation art and art reflecting life. Haim Bouzaglo, film director, plays Ha'am Bouzaglo's role, striking and automatically independent dramatist, who finds inspiration in her suspicions on her female friend's documentary subjects. As a funny Arab suicide, disguised in skullcap with American T-shirt, wanders in the landscape in search of his target and his nerves, Haim transcribed her girlfriend's life life while she documented her film and incorporated herself with life his actor during his repetition. But the bomber was already hit and Haim had left the restaurant just minutes earlier. Despite manipulation of time and space, the story is clear, comprehensive and absorbed crystals, a brighter Next to the "Distortion" of Israeli everyday life, where the politics is tied to the staff, where everyone lives "on the edge, and people never know whether they are playing leading roles in their own lives or are simply dispensable to bit players in another dramatic narrative. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with this notion of everyone being an actor of someone else's brilliant production. We are always voices, seeing what the fictional director sees illegally, but also what the "real" director chooses to reveal. To remind us that these seem to be violations of privacy, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and the bedroom (sometimes the room is the street and three), and repeats its views on television, video, or security screen. Actors play the role of actors representing "real" characters to play by actors. Of course, each of the actors is the star of his or her own production, only hardly aware of the role played by their fellow actors. Detective is hired by the dramatic author to become a character in the play. The employee hired to play the role of the detective to seek out the detective for "advice" on how to play the role, caught by the detective on tapes surveillance, and go to a cast part as their real ones. <br /> <Despite this multiplication of opinion, there is no clear line error in this narrative: digging them dramatically to topics, the bomber is looking for a target, and the detective footstep of the film. Or has no difficulty locating the final goal Bouzaglo ?? Israel's generous and striking, fully aware of the threat but threatens to have meaningful actions. Israel is Bouzaglo, impotent dramatic fictional cannibalizing his own life for his play. Israel is also bankrupt soldier-entrepreneur who is the subject of the filming documentary, the cheating actors and actresses, and the husband cuckolded. They are all Israel because they are all helpless, caught in inaction or unprecedented action, as the bomber analyzes the landscape for its best target. All the characters can do as another bombing report is to have sex and keep "scores" of the victims. There are personal triumphs, vindication, maybe revenge at the end of this play in a story of a movie, but viewers will leave pain for the state of Israel as they are filled with admiration for pronouncing Bouzaglo's memorable in a country's struggle in tell someone's story.
