I have read with great interest only the available comments made before me on this movie and I would first like to say that I understand the point of view of the user before commenting on this movie very well: seen from an Israeli perspective , I can very well imagine that this film touches on very sensitive issues and that the slightest detail can be of great importance to a viewer which is more or less directly concerned by the events shown in this movie. What I would like to say is that 'distortion' has been shown at a movie festival in Geneva in November 2005 (Festival 'Cinema All Screen') where she won the award at the audience ('Prix du publican in French'). For what affects me, I liked the 'nervous camera' work of Mr Bouzaglo, who, in my opinion, describes an atmosphere of extreme tension and anxiety in the film very well, and I think most of Switzerland The viewers appreciate this movie. This perspective, however, might seem totally 'alien' to an Israeli viewer, but not so surprising when it comes to Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country that has never been subject to any terrorist attack. It's why there is no surprise that the audience in Geneva judges this film with a more 'perplexing' perspective I would like Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by a Geneva newspaper (I translated from French ): "After 50 years of living here and after all this violence, we can ask ourselves if it is still possible to stay normal. We might sometimes think it would be easier to commit suicide than going live. We are like the characters in my movie, '' on the corner of the corner '. This is the reason that the private detective, who is somehow 'voyeur' is the happiest character of the movie, because he earned a living thanks to the system and took advantage of this situation. is, in substance, the main thing that I and the Swiss public, in my opinion, pointed out to this film, and that we did not pay attention to some inconsistencies regarding the characters in the movie that the precedent targeted review Outside with great accuracy and humor. So, sum up, different countries = different perspectives, but I think this is somehow great, because it reassures me of what affects the future of movies, which means it should never be subject to a ' unique 'in' formatting 'way of thinking.
