This is arguably the best film director Haim Bouzaglo has been doing until now. A skilled televised director, well-trained in story-telling and directing his actors in his long era tried to catch in this movie many low-budget essences in the very special psychological situation of Israeli living though permanent permanence The fear of attack, causing life distorted. Each character tries to live his own life, to watch and control the other, while being himself looked and controlled by other characters and especially by the ongoing pressure, by political and historical forces far beyond his control. them. Some call this destiny, but destiny has a very concrete representation of this movie. <br /> There is no clear policy in 'distortion'. Characters never discuss politics, not even at the level of saying 'bastards!' when they hear that a new horror attack occurs. The reactions to the events are to locate the attack and count the victims using the official and media terminology for the deceased and the injured. They do not really live but rather survive on time happy borrowers have to survive one bomb, and waiting for the next one to come. Personal, social, professional life seems to work a bit, but is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The main character played by the director is a dramatic author who has mid-life personal and creative crises amplified by the pressure of the events and by the fact that it is lucky enough to leave a horror attack site before the bomb exploded. He hired a private detective to follow his girlfriend who is a TV reporter investigator who he suspects is the fall of the subject in his next show - another person fails, ex-military, whose business and family life break down under the events . He begins to write a carbon-copy of the reality and will bring it to the scene, in the movie theater theater that recalls Hamlet as well as 'Synecdoche, New York'. It's not that I would spur suspect Charlie Kaufman looking on the shoulder in Bouzaglo, he certainly does not need that, but the Israeli screen manager is brilliant in anticipating the film later (and the first directed by Kaufman). As of the American film actors play real people and start interacting with them in a reality-satisfying-stage-satisfying-reality melange that never lacks logic, at least by artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his actors with the usual talent, believes and allows them to freedom of living in situations rather then acting them. His style is more free here than in his TV series, with the 'distortion' effort, although lending to American horror movies works very well all over. The finish seemed to me a bit rhetorical and unsatisfactory dramatically, but the shadow of the suicidal killer who haunted the movie and the whole situation in a temporary loop will also follow the viewer when reminding later this movie.
