-A very cute red woman is waiting for her plane to meet a good young man that she connects with. As the two find out about the flights and sitting beside each other Jack's young man gets very dangerous as he threatens Lisa either to change the room that a politician and his wife will stay in, or else his father dies. Look at this now what you happen when you fly coaching, things like that never happen in first grade. <br /> <br /> -Last there is a conflict that takes place on a flight, the other thing that shares this movie and "Flightplan" is an absolute obedience * if it's a word * in the story. The point of the whole is to find the main character changing a politician's room so he can kill that is a very possible plan, but it will not be easier for Jack to just find someone who has been computer savvy and they have to hack into the system the hotel? Young people today can be damn near doing anything with computer, so I'm pretty sure it would be easier for him to simply get someone to change it using a computer instead of going to the problem spy on Lisa and getting her into the situation that he lands on in the movie. <br /> -Plus one thing that struck me as odd was how no one on the plane heard one thing being talked about. This is a very small plane to talk about here and since the voices have risen occasionally it seems like other riders should have heard something. But I'm 100% assured that I'm reading too much way into it. The movie is meant to be as realistic as an episode of "24" so one can not be embarrassed by these complexities. For all my complaints though, this is still a very fun movie that gets the job done. It's not exactly the type required to close your brain, but at the same time it does not require great intelligence to fully enjoy. <br /> -I love to sit here in my comfortable chair and tear off the brilliant act of the movie but really I can not. I like Rachel McAdams, I like Cillian Murphy, and I love Brian Cox, but they do not really stretch the muscles to act here. It's not really a lot of a problem since this is not the movie that studio hopes to win multiple awards and the act is not a bit awful bit, just not great. Wes Craven is not exactly the first to come to mind when you think of a movie like this, but it does a very nice job considering the time being the movie movie and the lack of depth the script. He was definitely a great improvement on the disappointing "Curse" and as much as I liked him to do something different with this movie, I still love to go back to doing what he did in the past which is movies great horror that is talking about decades after it's released. <br /> One wonderful thing about the movie that I really appreciated was just how the movie was. It is good to sit down and watch a beautiful three hour or so film once in a while, but nowadays it's like every movie that comes out feels too long, where like this movie just felt like the right length. Not too long, and too short. They do not waste time by trying to develop their characters too much because they know this is not the movie for that and does not have done a very nice short film. Being a great music movie music, I said that the best part of the film is the ultra cool note by Marco Beltrami. It's really nice to see Beltrami going to write things predictable in the great music he's doing now. I'm really cool techno / orchestral thing it does for the main titles. Too bad that I can not get the band anywhere, would really like to listen to the titles whenever I wanted instead to pop into the DVD when I want to hear it. <br /> <br /> -Overall It's nice for what it is and whiles it's far from great movies, should always be given for a few hours fun and a half
