Great little thriller. I was expecting some kind of funny horror movie but what I had been tackling short thriller that no garbage in our time. Most of these movies we have found in the character stories are back so we'll either feel sympathy for them or hate when people start getting killed. oh how crazy here. Yes you see a few characters but they really only communicate with principals. Like the wife of the motel, the room has been canceled. We saw them so we could just how effective the Lisa character was and how the new Hotel Clerk's reservoir was. We see the little girl simply because it will have a very small but important role later in the movie when all broken and loose. Friday is stolen because we need in particular to move the draw ahead. The bad guy in particular needs it at the beginning of the flight. The rude guy at the airport was important in the movie too. The only 2 characters that were just 5 Materials that have no use in the plot were the two young guys on the plane. These were smart because I thought they would have something to do with plots. From the first stage to the latest character a young hotel executive called Lisa is in charge. Even when Jackson shows its true color, it does not panic. He thinks he can do it to restore. Any other film other smart executive women should act like idiots. But not this one. It was a very short film and I was waiting for the conspicuous devices to shoot the shooter because the movie seemed to be coming to its conclusion fast. Thanks one of them used. The new clerk of hotels did not make the usual call and told him what to do, which is panicked to drop the phone and ran out of the hotel without saying anything, or your boss's question and said it was There is plenty to drink and just postpone it. Craven should have done more of these types of movies. Also a recent comment. Brian Cox is in the movie but I was not a single sign of who he was. I came over here to see that she's Lisa's father. It is completely unrecognizable.
