Call is the latest Craven latest comedy. Since then there was nothing but an unbearable track in Hollywood waste barely enough for a blockbuster evening, including the deception of the dry suites. Maybe the engineering and crafts devoted to the film poured all the energy and creativity out of him, so when it came time to eat, it had nothing to serve but its doo doo. Finally, after knowing how many bad movies later, he gives us a good, ruthless, entertaining, chiller thriller suspense and red eyes. Rachel McAdams once again delivers an enjoyable performance as she plays a hotel manager who has the unfortunate connection with a prominent political and regular figure in her hotel. Then he meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, whom he gets to know a little better after a delayed flight and a breeze. What he does not know is already known to him. And he knows his father too, he will never see again if he does not neglect to cooperate and meet Jackson's demands - to use his connection to establish his hotel for murder. <br /> You're probably thinking this is nothing but everyday thrill you complete with predictability and chasing scene. Although this is a good old thriller thriller, this beauty of it. There is no special effect. No cheap to do. Just classic suspense. You feel that the despair and regret and every decision McAdams is forced to do and you actually care for it as you applaud it on every move it makes to get an escape from its claustrophobic position. As always it delivers a fun and convincing performance. It's either its sweet face or its puzzling ability to cry out, but you always seem to sympathize with it if its role is required. Cillian Murphy in the other hand is naturally creeping, so even if the trailer did not reveal it, its final transition from stranger to innocent people is not so surprising. Perhaps it would be more trippy to see a beautiful guy character like Toby Maguire transforming into evil unrelenting crazy. But Cillian Murphy, after her true identity has established, has played the role so solidly you would really want her to die, or at least get her ass kick. <br /> <br /> Do not neglect this feature. There are many tabs that jump on the stomach and heart jumper that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of watching you as you would in recent Craven's photos. If not for you, do it all the time you will see your girlfriend, boyfriend, or someone with pop popcorn and cling to you. Wes finally gets it right. Aside from his trademark mastery of suspense, Red Eye is not without its humor as McAdams's Cynthia replacement at the front desk fumbles to keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that Red Eye was not a disappointment. Instead you will find pleasure in seeing McAdams deliver another incredibly talented performance, Murphy watch creepier by the minute, and Craven craft a traditional traditional thrill. A flight that was delayed and would have been at the beginning of the Craven revival has arrived right after Call.
