On a night flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a good man who turns out to be an employee killer who asks for help to kill a businessman or other things his father is dying. Red Eye is an awesome thriller that holds the audience on the corners of their seats. Mostly it's similar to Cellular and Cell booth but red eyes is better than both of these films. Almost everything about Red Eye is the highest average including the suspense, acting and the direction. Most of the film takes place on an airplane, but it does not slow down the movie. This film is fast fast and exciting fast with no slow or boring spots. Wes Craven does a really good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on the emotions, it focuses on the story and the characters. The movie has its share at stunning times but that's not the movie is really over. I also like Wes Craven's way of focusing on other passengers and the small details that become important later on. Red eyes really show her skill in storytelling. <br /> <br /> Red eyes also work well because of its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams gives a very engaging performance and her character is hard to hate. You can even end up screaming for it loudly. Cillian Murphy provides a very creepy and efficient performance as the villain. His way to act is good at first, but then turning psycho is especially impressive. The supporting actors are also very good including brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The movie is also very stylish and it has this general ivory climb. The environment works well since there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape. In general, the tone of the movie is still creepy. Simply is not as strong as anything else though. There is an unrealistic moment that can distract the viewer. Most of them did not bother me but there were some who left me nodding myself. Also, the end is disappointing. It is not an end to finishing just a very simple and a different approach would be best. Since the movie focuses on the characters, there is really no shocking moments maybe just a few jumps. If you expect a horror movie then you will end up disappointed. In the end, the Red Eye is a thriller engaging with it in one of the best movies in the summer. Rating 8/10
