I find I enjoy this show, but the format needs some work. The first, the good attributes. I love how this show will take us into the day-to-day lives of a addict because the producers have a talent in getting the addict to show us how bad they have allowed their lives to become. This is followed by an intervention that is then followed by a result. Intervention by candy-clothes items and sometimes the result (often short-term due to the constraints in time between filming and waves) is a negative result. This makes the results positive all the best. <br /> Another thing I like about the show is the quality of the camera work. Given the fact that these cameras have to squeeze anywhere and do not have the benefit of replay shooting photography is amazingly good and stable. It's actually superior to show scripted as the "Shield" where the photography is so bad it can induce vomiting. <br /> <br /> Now for the bad. An episode will sometimes have two completely different cases that can be mixed together during the show. You will get caught in the story of one addict then suddenly you will be thrown into the story of another. Get caught in this story then suddenly you go back to the first addict ... or are you? From now on you can forget that anyone can actually access the screen. This constant flip-flopping between drugs really gets disturbed during the intervention scene because the show will even mix together from the interventions completely concentrated! I once heard BTC marketing. The reason for this poor design: "The show can be so intense that switching to another addict allows the time viewer to absorb what they are watching." Oh please. Clearly, this is because there are two cases that are not great enough for an hourly show to mix two sets. By mixing them instead of giving each half hour half as it should, it forces the viewer to look at the whole thing (and the ads) if they are interested in one case, but not the other. <br /> I've found the "blender" episodes so harassed that I would only tell my TiVo to write episodes with one addict, but then it became easier just to record all of them.
