'Intervention' helped me with my own dependence and recovery. I am a middle-aged father in marriage. I'm well functional in my personal and professional life. Still, I have pain in my past that I used to relish the relief, and the problems from which I am slowly recovering. When these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me improve my life and my relationship with my family. <br /> <br /> The show, unlike many others, dig into the past of the addict and reveal events that probably cause the addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too scary to return and do, as Alice Miller says, "discovery and emotional acceptance of the truth of individual and unique stories in our childhood." The show deserves a lot of credit for at least getting this process started. This dig is painful and difficult, but worth it. So many coverage of addiction - fictional and non-fictional - seem to ignore the hidden issues. Often it is assumed that the addictive just one day started shooting up or whatever for fun or fun or self-interest, and now they can not stop. Not so: their addictions are about to kill pain. I can relate to the different events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common themes, with surprising exceptions. Many addicts have suffered miserable abuse. Some children simply answer seriously. For those who think that addiction is an over-the-counter reaction, I would just say that different people respond differently. Although some kids handle divorce, others, like Cristy in the show, "fall into a pile of the floor" and have their lives forever changed by the event. <br /> <br /> For example, last night's adviser said that beautiful young Andrea sought to validate from people. She strips cash for a 75-year-old neighbors and lets people abuse her. Sound familiar to anyone? The full range of information that we can use to understand our own motivation and to make adjustments in our lives. Often it's those of us and younger problems with the longer. As they say, even a stop look is right twice a day, but a slow look can be detected for quite a while until it has made your life miserable. <br /> <br /> For the producers: Thanks for show, dig in the past, for follow-ups. Also, the graphics, the format, and the theme music are brilliant. The drugs: thank you for your courage to share. If you did not help yourself, you helped me.
