I just took an episode about Brad, crocodile addictive cocaine that turned to a drug addictive life street after his bike bike racing career went on to wrap as fast as he started. I must say that the story about his bike career was more heart-breaking than his drug addiction. Here's this young guy who has left and right bike races and is invited to train with an Olympic training team for two weeks, and immediately upon reaching insult Lance Armstrong, one of the greatest athletes who ever lived, and who generally without mercy and frustration for everyone in general. Understand that, it is soon asked to leave. Most of the show is about her struggles with addiction and how she got her life back, but what I wanted to know was that she was wrong with her in the first place to do her act like an ass ? <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> At any speed, I was confused about how the show was put together, since she shows Brad at the height of her addiction. We see the foot in his pan-touch and sleep in the gutter and sort and even smoked cocaine smoked. I did not even know what was legal to show, but why would a camera crew just follow him around with the movie? Are they doing this in hoping that this guy will turn his life around and give them some material for a good TV episode? At any speed, it is an enlightening show, because it shows the various effects of addiction and total control that they can take on life. Sometimes it's hard to look up because you really see how many families and friends suffer in the face of the addictive addict, although I have admitted that in the end it all looks a little too clean-cut. Some times during the episodes when terrible things happen and everything seems to be lost, but still, and maybe I should warn about the defender here, everything has a little too much of a feeling happily ever after the end and I have a feeling that this is a very common incident in real life. But still, it's a show about who is trying to help others, and you can never complain too much about something like that ??
