The first animated film feature from Ireland is also one of the best animated films I have ever seen. It's a real warrior and all the stories that are unlike any of Oscar's other candidates and any other movie from this year or any other year. The plot of the movie has the Abbot in Kells, a town in Ireland building a wall around its city to prevent the vikings from destroying the city should ever be attacked. Brendon's nephew, a young MWK who does the best he can but meets the ire of his uncle does not do things in his own time. When a legendary Aidan arrives from a monastery destroyed, Brendon drops towards her with his warm personality. Many of his uncle's uncle Aids offer to teach Brendon how to grow. In order to help Aidan work on his great book, escaped from his destroying monastery, Brendan went from the forest to get the ink materials. While outside the walls she meets Ashley, a forest spirit with whom she develops a friendship. Unfortunately the abo is found to have gone out the wall and have hell to pay. But caches in the distance are the Vikings ... <br /> <br /> Forget what you think you know about this movie is wrong. Even so I explained by doing that movie justice. Read a simple story and many more go on. This is a wonderful movie about trying to find your way into the world, about coming demons and finding the beauty of the outside world in the walls. (As the movie tells the world is a dangerous place and it does not stop even if you build walls). It is a movie that treats its audience as adult and deals with all of life including darkness. There is death and destruction with joy and happiness. It does not cover coated. People die. Monsters persist. (he freaked out some of the kids), but in the end there is hope. Frankly the darkness of this film is completely unlike anything in any recent American film. Forget the "sadness" of a Pixar movie, this is the real thing, and its refreshing and it shows how homogeneous Pixar has become. A Gennedy Tartakovsky-eyed (Samurai Jack) animated film is currently looking at the Celtic art of the period. It's a movie that looks like any other. Here again is another film that takes the movie frame and uses it in every possible way. Images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible. Often the movie manipulates things to make it look like a page in the legendary book of Kells. It is stunningly beautiful and best described as art coming to life. <br /> <br /> Director Tommy Moore has fashioned a movie that is a masterpiece. I can not say more than that. It's a masterpiece. One of the best animated films I've ever run across.
