SECRET OF KELLS is an amazing first animated feature that will dazzle your eyes and move your heart. Film shortcomings limit the budget and sometimes limit animation more than compensated for by visual poetry in the story of Brendan's heroic demands to become a master explorer during the dark ages. Historically this was the end of the 8th century, when the centers of Irish learning were over-run by the Vikings. The Vikings appear here as brutal antagonists, equivalent to the North Sea seas most of Huns and Mongol further east. The narrative film - which functions more as a parable - center of the conflict between Brendan, who seeks to create the beauty of her illuminations during a time of dark croak, and her sister Uncle Abbot Those who seek to protect the city of Kells and her nephew with a wall appear as barriers against the Norsemen. Abbot responds to Brendan's art value in his quest for security. This is the external film conflict. Brendan's interior conflict is to find the hidden eye of creative illumination that will allow him to fill the most difficult paintings in the Book of Kells. This eye is guarded by a dragon to Ouroboros, who destroys from people who do not adhere to this quest as surely as the Vikings will be killed out of blood (That's as much of the story as I'm going to disclose!) <br /> What I really like about this movie is its creator's comprehensible to some of the greatest art work to survive in the West from 1200 years ago. The stylized characters of flat abstract form are defined in the same line as the original book of Kells. (Particularly remarkable is Aidan's Cat Cat, defined in some lines, yet purely --- and even fake magic metamorphic.) The range of emotions that Brendan and other animated characters transmitted provide the economies of abstract design is a tribute providing the artistic excellent of the director and his host. The decorative borders on the edge of the photo change complement the dramatic impact of a given scene, and the features of illuminations from the dark ages lead to wonderful animated by SEKRET in KELLS. Of course, historic plays are usually telling us more about our own time than the times that the dramatic attempts to do. However, by introducing archetypal elements in this story, the writers and directors of SECRET OF KELLS convey a numerical sense of life life from that far distant time in Ireland that feels psychologically true, however much the script can be lost out of reality historic deterrent. (United Nations 'band of illuminators that appear as a club' club in the SECRET art of KELLS are not historically probable, but they're all well-designed, individual characters that make many tone to the universal appeal of this well as Irish history.) Animation has always seemed the best car for me to better help us understand the visual art in different times and cultures. The magnificent art direction in this film clearly extends from its historical visual sources, but has also been crafty adapted to the demands of anime storytelling; If animation existed in Black Age, SECRET in KELLS is what it would look like! Finally, Brendan's heroism in this film is the artist's perennial quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without preaching or even particularly Christian, this film affirms Jesus dictum that "Man does not live by bread alone.") In my estimation, the most inspiring film about creative visual visual arts is ANDREI RUBLEV Andrei Tarkovsky, a movie about large Russian painters in the 15th century. SECRET OF KELLS expresses the very essence of mystery and exaltation on the artist's visual demands and creative processes. It certainly is not as profound as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- Heck --- read a cartoon! (And one that will appeal to young and old looks like.) I think this movie will hold well repeatedly look: in its own modest life-affirmation way, this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is a classic.
