While watching this movie I was frustrated and distracted and in the end, I wanted to give the film a solid 4 or 5. I thought the animation was random and all over there, and there was too much going on . Even A.D.D I could not hold. It felt like a small acid trip. All looked flat, there was no dimension anything. There were many forms, lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the movie in the middle of the road and crush copies of this film. But after I watched it, I went online to get on the movie and I should do a little research in this movie before watching. Secret Kells is wounds based on the true story of the original book of Kells. A boy, Brendan, is given the job of penning new pages into what puts to be the greatest book ever written. This book will contain information that will help "darken the light." Brendan lives in Kells village behind large stone walls. Take place in the 8th century, Brendan's Shadow, the Abbot of Kells, trying to build the wall to keep the Vikings out. Brendan's uncle insists he helps fill the wall but a traveler and keeper of the book Brendan's secret train develops in its illustrations, and persuades him to fill the "book" and carry out his words. /> <The time I watched the movie I thought I was missing something because I did not really understand what was going on. I figured I was just missing a piece of Irish history. A simple Google search was taught All of this I needed to know about the original Kells Book After reading many articles, my opinion in the movie changed a lot. <br /> <br /> Book Kells is a copy of the first version of the New Testament book in the Booklet Latin to religiously relied on Ireland in the 8th century, along with its paleographic and insensitive script, the book is also very well illustrated by insulating art, a kind of early form known as complex, complexity, and miniature illustrations. The book of Kells is depicted as much of art was at the time, flat and dimensions d Effect with no perspective. But what makes the Book Kells stand out from other early pieces of art is it's use of many colors. <br /> <br /> The secret of Kells is very colorful. I originally thought the animation was flat and boring. She reminded me a lot of the cartoon Samurai Jack who also had a dish with "amino" look at her. Once I learned about the Art genres of the Book of Kells, it's obvious that many of the genres of the book are mimicked in the movie. There are lines with whirlpool and various brendan headlines. Each time he goes to his imagination, circular forms resemble the sun, cogs, clock and wheels begin to fill the screen. The edges of the screen become framed in decorating moving triangles or circles. Transitions are full of colors, and Celtic knots. From the trees to the floors, many things in this world are covered in form or pattern. <br /> <br /> The review of the 70-minute less credit, the secret of Kells is a fun little story lesson and a little adventure and silliness thrown to keep people (perhaps just kids) interested. I think one has to generally be open-mining in the secret of Kells as a piece of art half, half movie about history. Despite looking like he has been animated with Adobe Illustrator, It's a very nice movie looking. But based on the 20 films submitted for Oscar consideration, I do not think it was worth being nominated on Mary and Max. <br /> <br /> SaWasJunk.Blogspot.com
