The secret of Kells is an independent, animated feature that gives us one of the fabled stories surrounding the Book of Kells, an illuminated manuscript in the Middle Ages featuring the four Gospels in the New Testament. I did not know that this book actually exists, but knowing it now makes my interpretation and analysis a lot easier. There are a few stories and ideas floating around about how the book came, who wrote it, and how it survived more than 1,000 years. This is one of them. We present for Brendan, an orphan who lives in Abell Kells in Ireland and her uncle, Abbot Cellach (voiced by Brendan Gleeson). Abbach Cellach is building a massive wall around the Abbey to protect the villages and the monks. Brendan by fans of the wall or no other monks. They are more focused on reading and writing, something Abbach Cellach does not have time for anymore. He fears the "Northmen", those who loot and leave the villages and villages empty and completely burned on the ground. One day traveler comes from Iona Island near Scotland. He is Brother Aidan, a wise man who brings with him a special book that has not yet ended. Abel Kélach gives permission to stay with Brendan friends with her. Aidan has a special plan for Brendan. First it needs ink for the book, but it requires specific berries. The only way to find them is venture outside the walls and in the jungle, an area boundary of Brendan. Seeing that it is the only chance for Aidan to continue his work, he decides to sneak out and return with the berries before his unexpected absence notice. <br /> <br /> In the jungle Brendan meets Ashley, the protection of the jungle. It allows Brendan passage of berries and along the way to become analogues to his company. He warned him of the danger to appear in the dark and not foil with it. There are things worse than Vikings out there. From there Brendan has met with more challenges with the book and the certainty of appearing in invasion. <br /> I love the story much more now that I know what it is about. Know now what the Book Kells is and what it has, the animation makes perfect sense. I'm sure you've seen pictures or old text copies of hundreds of years ago, with frilly fronts, colorful pictures, and rhythm patterns, animals, and writing the pages. Much like the open frames of Disney in the sword of the rock. The animation here has a lot of similar designs to the templates. It creates a unique unique unique experience where the story and animation almost try to pass each other. <br /> I could not take my eyes off to the incredible detail. This is some of the 2D's finest animation I've seen over the years. It is vibrant, interesting, and full of life. Characters are constantly surrounded by designs, doodles, and templates of trees, on the walls, and in the air just floating around. It enhances the movie. <br /> The story is unsatisfactory, although I think that could end up being nervous out a bit more. With an exit of only 75 minutes I thought could have been something special in the final act. It does not provide a lot of information or makes it jump on the meaning of the book. We recall its importance but never understood it. We've said it gives hope, but never why or how. That was really just the movie portion of the movie. Otherwise I thought the story was interesting if completely outdone by the animation. <br /> I guess this okay to some extent. The animation can bring a movie so far before falling short. The story misses a few parts, but it is an exciting take on a fascinating piece of story. I would like to briefly review Kells's book just to get an idea of ​​what I and the movie talking about. I think it will help your watch experience a lot more. That's a very impressive and beautifully illustrated movie that should definitely not be missed.
