By 1945, and after a series of solid WWII propagandas, Errol Flynn has been strengthening the American box office to reduce that, despite the increasing burden of diminishing looks, has been engaging in a series of films related to this genre which had earlier made his name: the swashbuckler. The first of these was a good one actually - the adventure of DON JUAN (1948) - but he also proved to be his last great big-budget Hollywood starter car. The rest of his day spent spending much of that in Europe: in England for KIM (1950), MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and the DARK lawyer (1955), in France for ADVENTURES in CAPTAIN FABIAN (1951) and Italy the story of WILLIAM TELL (1953) and the little-seen CROSSED SWORDS (1954). However, Hollywood made it one last time in his old sailor style - albeit for a modest budget-universal picture rather than a Warner 'A' where he used to be in his peak ... <br /> <br/> Still, the movie's technology is leaning on the screen here and, while an older Flynn and Flabbier may resemble the pale shadow of his own, red-headed leader Maureen O 'Hara has a garden day as a bunny tombman leader who is deeply romantic and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn has always been a few years away from his bigger-than-life start car, so here he is typically seen as the baddie - the captain of Roc Brasiliano, a role he attacked with gusto. Like SHIELD BLACK OF FALWORTH (1954) - a look at that before this one - ALL FLAGS took me back in the day of the kids taking care of the constant television watch when ancient Hollywood movies were the order of the day on the local and neighboring Italian channels. <br /> For all that I know, this might well have been the very first movie of my boat ever seen and I cringe at the thought of today's generation of teens supposedly believing that the Prairie was grossly trapped in CARIBBEAN TRILOGY is what buccaneering is all about! As I said earlier, ALL FLAGS could not be the finest wire that ever brings to the screen, but it's a solid example of this prolific genre all the same. Nowadays, romantic persistence in children like the Indian Princess (Alice Kelley) towards his pirates Flynn can hit one as being awfully funny but the rest of it - despite clearly not depleting the heights of HAWK in SEA (1940) and The Black Swan (1942), to mention the finest initiatives of its respective stars - is rhythmically rhythmic and reasonably engaged. Incidentally, the film would later go to be remade as the PIRATE King (1967) and Doug McClure! For what it is worth, the success of unprecedented office in which modern unappetizing franchise is most likely to be what induced the movie movie movie dirt on the catalog of swatchbuckling catalogs and releases them on DVD and, as a matter of fact, ALL ALL FLAGS herself was one of the evil-thought out "Golden Pirates of the Golden Age Collection" set in universal which also included in dark darkness as the GIRL BUUCCANEER (1950; and Yvonne De Carlo), DOUS CROSSBONES (1951; and Donald O'Connor) and Yankee Buccaneer (1952; and Jeff Chandler)! Value for money, maybe but so far, I've only acquired the Flick Erlin Flynn from other sources; So if the mood hit me in the future, I might want to put my hand on similar marine adventures like the MUTINY Edward Dmytyk (1952), earlier mentioned the Yancakeur and Pyrates of Tortuga (1961).
