I always followed the Dakar, so when my husband bought Charlie 'Dakar races' DVD home I could not wait to watch it! Of course we would see the broadcast in the race when the current race was over, but never gave the background to specific teams. <br /> <br /> If you watch Long Way Round then you will not be surprised by the language that I honestly find more fun than offensive. <br /> I think the only thing that annoyed me about the DVD was Charlie's hair, but she stilts before Dakar so my feminine need for cleanliness has been assuaged; "I could live without 'flame' undies lol As and LWR, the preparation was all as interesting as the race itself. I almost call when Charlie broke his hand and winked at every break he sustained while They're training .... and of course the death of Andy Caldicott ... that was an expansive tragedy, but then every year there's something. <br /> Russ drives me black, although his attitude Improved a thousand times from the cynical of her argument in LWR. It's great to see her get together right now with Charlie .What I Learned From This Odyssey - 1. Never let scorpions prepare your car for all! - They had months to prepare X5, and still the day before the team left for Lisbon, scorpions had only done half of the things they needed to do, and the vehicle was a pain in the whole race; Dakar organizers need to put a lot more work on the rider recovery / driver plan - leaving Matt (and presumably a large number of other passengers / drivers from the o has nothing short of negligence to identify; 3. Charlie has an enthusiasm training for rough and difficult adventure but he needs to save a lot of really doing as he likes, and finally, 4. Charlie and Ewan are planning another of these long way down epos releases in 2007 , and I can not wait to find my hands on it !: D If you like bikes and / or beautiful blocks' have a go, you have to watch this, I guarantee you love it. It's pretty fun. <br /> In conclusion, Simon Pavey - you guys are a hero, I was so impressed by your way 'sad achiever' and the fact that you actually finished ..... just incredible to consider what a hard monster race it is and Charlie, Matt and the rest of the team - full scratches for pulling it off. Starting a relatively green team could have achieved so much is wonderful. You are all wonderful.
