There is a theory of time that states that all the times that have ever existed and will exist, actually exist now. It's a bit too much wrapped around, but maybe a bit of a comfort to those who want to be able to return in a simpler and timely manner. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), this time was twenty five years earlier, in the mid-1930's when her teens and glamors held the greatest promise. For my part, if I could travel in time, it would be back in the 1950s when I grew up. Perhaps in such a place as Willoughby, but that's another episode. One thing that would not be so special about 1959 would involve dealing with all that clunky car just to watch an episode of the "Twilight Zone". How many coils do you think it would take to catalog the entire set, and then find a particular story you wanted to watch? I guess you have to consider the trade, simplicity against simplicity, it has now or takes the time to reel it up to the exact place where the story begins. Blow in a CD has its advantages. <br /> I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling would have to paint a story that would look like "Sunset Boulevard". Ida Lupino's idyllic character Ima Norma Desmond just a bit too close to be considered an original concept. Martin Balsam shows many similar characters to Erich von Stroheim, the husband turning the butler into loyalty is unquestioned. Where the story divides has to do with the way Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) challenge Barbara Jean to get to reality and to delete cobwebs that paralyze his existence. <br /> Fortunately for our viewers, Ida Lupino did not have any such reservations on taking part that was 'not great but a nice showcase'. It is a real treat to watch any episodes in the "Twilight Zone" and get to see which pops up from days gone by. Sometimes you get a two-way, as you have here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes made the brands before the series started, and sometimes later. Combining with the stories that the product produces, it's not surprising that they still manage to entertain today.
