After hit the viewers and three very different episodes right off the bat, Serling continues to go on introducing viewers in the 'Twilight Zone' in a very unusual way by scheduling one of the largest farmers series as the fourth episode. The 'Scenes-Millimeter Scene' is one of the most episodic episodes, focusing on movie star's inability to deal with the changing times and only introducing a supernatural element in the minutes to close. Because of this approach, the episode is under the first whelming, but subsequent revelation reveals to be a very beautifully stylish and beautifully written story. Both leads, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam as frustrated, but caring, bright in their performance. The main problem with the episode is that supposedly 25-year-old footage of the actress is compelling. Lupino looks identical when playing the young Trent as it does when playing the middle-aged Trent and this reduces the tragedy in the very situation. Fortunately, Lupino acted his socks to convince us of his despair to return to the past. It is a situation that most can sympathize with, and yet Trent is far from a sympathetic character. It's a great donna who gives little thought to the feelings of people around him, as the co-starred dreadful star that he effectively belittles because he reminds him of just how long ago his glorious day was. It's a bit surprising, then, that it is rewarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see the big projection screen and it is cunningly pre-embedded in the opening times when her maid trent crunch does not leave out behind the screen. What is unclear at the beginning, however, is if the sperm is being sucked into the project will prove a reward or harsh lesson to appreciate what we have and living at this time. As it turns out, Trent is allowed to return to the past he longs for, a testament to how strongly the wishful thinking of the people can. <br /> <br /> 'The sixth-millimeter of the Shrine gets better with every look. Writing notes and acting combine to create a short game of enormous power that reflects the nature of people for the past, even though we can never return. Except in the Twilight Zone.
