Chris Rock star in this remake of the Warren War Sky can wait (himself a remake of the 1941 film here comes Mr. Jordan), a comedy about a man who died before his time before he can realize dreams its, and his adventures in her new (albeit temporary) body. In the Beatty version, the protagonist was a backup backup for then the Los-Rams. In Rock's hipper version, our lead character is a struggling struggle with young people - and disgusting low-talented - comedians. It's very funny to see the razor-sharp stone playing a bad comedy. It's kind of seen Tom Hanks playing a bad actor. Lance Barton's dream is to play the legendary Apollo Theater on a non-amateur night. But every time he tries out his material, he has to cut off the lustily scene - so much so that his nickname becomes "Booie." Her joke is lame, painful delivery. In short, Lance is everything that Chris Rock's real is not. Lance is also a bike messenger, and she has clamped the streets on her way to try out even more material when BAM! He is hit by a truck. Ok, so maybe he got into his body a tenth in a second early by an incompetent angel (Eugene Levy), but hey, he was going to get hit anyway. No bone, it appears Lance is not due to the sky until 2044. So, what to do? Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri), "manager" in the sky, reluctantly agrees to find a new body for Mr Barton's not-well-dead. Problem is, the body to find is in a vicious, old white man. Turn this fella (a Mr. Wellington) possess all sorts of things - it is the 15 most richest people in the country! What is lucky! You can imagine how Lance will turn things around. But, of course, while in the body of Mr. Wellington's loud, Lance falls for a gorgeous hospital worker (Regina King). We men know how hard it is to get a girl give our own body, but try to win one on while you're an old, white guy injector! And it's even worse when it's not impressed by your money. <br /> <br /> This is Rock's first shot in a lead role, and in my opinion it is admirable. There's always a lot of the comedy standing in it - and, of course, if he ever wants to get various roles, he might have stopped incoherent routine rules in the script - but this is not really a bad thing. The personality of the Rock - his drive, his delivery, his attitude, his passion - that's gas to this film. She clearly has a lot of fun in the role, and she looks down on to make sure you have fun watching it.
