A THIP of the Night is an excellent fictional account in the weeks leading up to the Rapture and the weeks after that essential event. <br /> I've been enjoying both the production values ​​and the content values ​​of this independent Christian movie. <br /> <br /> VALU PRODUCTION. Hey, it's an independent movie, and a budget shoe budget, so, ya, it will look a bit cheesy (if your standard is A-list Hollywood ticket price). But well compared to other independent movies, this movie is perfectly acceptable. More important than acting style, costume, and music is narrative in itself. Is the story compelling? Are these dramatic moments working? Is the history trajectory built into a greater satisfaction? The answer to all of these questions is a "yes." As a side-note, the thing is really important techniques - continuity, sound, lighting - are fine. The viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by sloppy profession. <br /> <br /> CONTINENT VALUE. The message of the movie is superb. Considering how much the movie-maker's idea develops in the short span of 69 minutes, you begin to appreciate her artistic. It presents the salvation message, consequences of disbelief, danger to return, the truth of the rapture, and threats of a world-dominant satanic government and rocket, imagination, and - most important for an evangelical film - with biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The movie-maker is a good storyteller. For example, he developed the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) He shows us through the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for us. This is achieved in a subplot where the zoo keeper is bit by a poisonous snake and almost dead. The cure is only blood from someone who is immune to the poison-poison. The poison is like sin; Healing is like the blood of Christ, shed on the cross. (2) The mother also developed the message of salvation through dialogue. It has various characters to explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So the movie-maker uses both the action and dialogue to tell his story. As a side-note, the fact that a movie produced by evangelical Christians actually has dialogue and scenes that transmit a clearly delineated message to salvation, lying in evangelical Christian language, imagery, and theology is also perfectly acceptable. To criticize this movie for being clearly Christian is absurd; It's canceling criticizing a Nike commercial for promoting sports-wearing. What else would evangelical Christian movie makers do, if not a movie that states their case? Also, the fact that the movie-maker hired the idea that the unbeliever will remain behind in a godless world is, yet, perfectly acceptable. The movie maker uses the dramatic potential of this admirable idea. How do I know? I heard about a THIEF in the night from a woman who saw the way back in 1974; He still lives in his memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say about? All around, a very enjoyable, show-provoking show. I plan to show it to my youth group in the church.
