Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dans, Lee McLaughlin , Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Li Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director of James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. Elvira, Mistress of the Darkness TV's 80's television had its own night show on cable. It hosted and featured classic American movie films, many of them camp, while giving their own kip and comic remarks. Actress Cassandra Peterson has on this date up on that success. In 1988, her first film was released. Playing herself, she has stuck hosting movie show movie, but long for her own show in Las Vegas and making big money. Manny agent has proved a disappointment. It was not long before he inherited a mansion from a deceased family, a pet dog and a book of recipes. She comes to claim her inheritance in a small Nevada town - she was on her way to Vegas and she lost - and soon burned things up into the sedate community. Outspoken Conservative City Council of Women Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg) soon saw him as a threat to the toughness and value of the small town. Its amazing figure and personality have quickly drawn youth in the city. It falls to Bob Redding (Daniel Greene) handyman / carpenter, but before any real relationship can flourish, he finds himself in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard) a strange man also established for inheriting part of Elvira's relative fortune is in fact a aged-old magician who has a personal vendetta against Elvira's aunt and Elvira himself . It is known that the so-called "recipe book" is actually a book of powerful magic, a power he wants to claim for himself. It's quick to bring Elvira down to the town burning it at the pole. How will Elvira get out of this one? The film had no real success at the box office, drawing a crowd of mostly young audiences familiar with the Elvira show on cable. Truths say, this is a funny and feel-good movie. The script is full of chats in all kinds of jokes, some bad, some good, lots of sexual innuendo, visual jokes and overall campaigns at the hilarious stage scene in which Elvira has finally received her show strip in Vegas. This film is a classic cult of quality, Elvira's catering fans. You could not enjoy this movie otherwise. It is also a back view of "pop" culture in the 80's. Elvira was like an icon of the 80 as Alf, the Vicky Robot, Hogan Horde, Mr. T and Madonna.
