From the start of his career in the 70's and vastly over 80 years of exuberant, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown into a modest icon with the world's genuine film of world's thunderstorms & fierce monsters. While Ms. Peterson has taken on various supporting roles in motion picture, covering a wide variety of genres, Elvira-TV has brought him the most fame. Part of his charm ?? with respect to the fans ?? lies in the fact he never turned his back on the genre horror that made it famous (unlike many other great actors and actresses who love to distinguish themselves from their "early" works). I saw only bits & pieces of its television performance, but its role as the latest Ghoultown song "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to check out more of her stuff. One thing was clear to me before long before this music video: Over the years, Elvira has become a force of influence itself by the time of the mid 80's became around. <br /> And in 1988, after films such as "Fear Night" and "TerrorVision" incorporated homage and parody on her TV-work, she eventually came: "Elvira, Mistress in the Dark", the motion picture. Now I've seen the trailer for it already back in the VHS rental days, but it took me until last week finally saw the current movie. A few years ago, I managed to look at "Elvira at Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason she did not impress me all that much. Is it really that forgettable, or should I give it another look? I actually really feel like re-watching it right now, as this first Elvira movie from '88 really convinced me. Even though maybe partly responsible for doing this film work, Sam Egan and John Paragon and their contribution to the script, there really is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great feel for comedy (he also co-wrote scenario a) Elvira is learning to be one of the recipients of a great aunt (he never heard of before) and took it as the long-term care opportunity to begin his own show in Las Vegas. From claiming his heir money, he travels to a quiet city New England. But people living in the bankruptcy of Falwell are in a treaty. In less than no time she managed to shock and insult all the remarkable little conservative town with her (often unintentionally) provocative behavior. To do things worse, her legacy turned out not to be what she hoped: A cottage dress, a book and a poodle. But what she does not know, and her evil uncle Vincent Albot does, is that her great aunt was a witch, and the food has recipes to concave the most hellishly dark imaginable powers. But if you did not turn the movie again by Elvira's time to cook up his first dish from the recipe-book, then rest assured, you're going to sit down this ride with a smile on your face. > <br /> It's surprising how a rigid script along with boob-jokes, witty one-material, movie reference, inside jokes and bitter merriment flavors also managed to tell a coherent story. Simple, of course, but coherent. While other movies, many rely on gag-like situations, often make you lose track of the story completely (such as "nude" films, for example), this movie does not. A lot of komedi-horrors were produced during the 80's, but not many of them actually worked. Let alone a horror-parody that does not bother at some point ("Killer part", although I'm grateful for this one will be completely bonkers during the final) or become too tedious too fast ("Saturday 14th"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, he does not drop traces of what he is doing and still builds up towards a final grotesque final, complete with a supernatural confrontation on the streets of Falwell between Elvira New Witch and evil Talbot Uncle Wizard, including a real witch hunt-to-God witch and Elvira very clean burn-at-the-moment moments. <br /> I tell you, there is no power in hell that could make this movie unfunny. One of the first giggles I received during the credit was opened already, when the name of Daniel Greene appears. Daniels who? Oh yes, I recognize her name (and later on her dimly-injected figure). How can one not forget Daniel Greene once you've seen ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Point of Steel"! And if you have not seen "atomic cyborg", then I'm sorry, but you will not be able to laugh with his face in this one. And on one side-note: I could never imagine Elvira looking this cool while ignoring a gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not have this shot look better.
