"Night of the Homeless Living" was a fairly fast finish in the first half of Season 11. It's obvious a funny imitation of various zombie movies, most notably Dawn of the Dead, this parole homeless hometown and die alive, as animals that feed and use in spare change rather than brain. Kyle blamed for the sudden mass epidemic of homeless people when he, from the goodness of his heart, gave a $ 20 to a homeless man in front of his house. More homeless people begin to infiltrate South Park, until the city is fully overrun with them. This is a very strong Randy Marsh Episode, as it assumes the role of the war-tapping leader of the adult who takes refuge on the roof of the Park Community Community Center. But before Randy does it at the community center, it is accompanied by hundreds of homeless people while hilariously screaming "I have no change !!" Unfortunately, the refugees end up with Gerald Broflofski for homeless people, trying to escape by taking a bus from the city, and involuntarily throwing away all the changes to the bus to distract the homeless people. Then he becomes one of them, asking everyone to change. The boys try to find out why there are so many homeless people in South Park, and find a man who is a director of homeless study. They found that the nearby town of Evergreen used to have a problem similar to the homeless, so they escaped from evergreen to find out what they were doing to solve the problem. Unfortunately, homeless people break into the man's house, and he attempts to take the road easily from shooting himself. However, he failed several times, as he shot himself in the jaw, in the eye, in the chest, in the neck, in the shoulder, screaming horribly until he finally died. This scene was funnier had a similar scene not passed in "Fantastic Easter Park" two weeks ago. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, a member of the refugees discovered that due to the homeless issue, the value of property was tight, so the bank seized his house, making it homeless. Randy immediately turned around, holding the gun to the man's head. When the man finally asked the others for a few bucks to help him out, Randy pulled the trigger. <br /> <br /> In Evergreen, the boys find that the city's citizens send the homeless to South Park, with the passing of homelessness from town to town happening throughout the country. The boys modified a homeless bus from South Park and took them all the way to Santa Monica, California. <br /> <br /> The parallel zombie movie and the big line Randy Marsh make this one definitely re-watch. 8/10
