"Mr. Harvey Light Candle" is anchored by a brilliant performance by Timothy Spall. While we can predict that her torture morose, up tight teachers will have some sort of crush or katharsis based on some deep under her recent secrets, how her emotions were revealing is astounding. There are a number of sentimentally felt sentiments and more than it is usually required to show as part of Mike Leigh's repertoire. While a bus trip is expected to be boring used solely for comical purposes, such as the "Simpsons," this central situation in a visit to the Salisbury Cathedral in the Rhidian Brook script is well-structured for dramatic reasons, and is almost formally divided into acts. British urban ranks two racial and religious children (and the uniforms I could not tell if this is a "private" or "public" school), as they pick up ?? rapping the black kids, the severe South Asia and Muslim, white bulls and girls mean ?? but transmitted quite naturally and individually. The young actors, some of whom I recognized in British television as "cynical," were tired of representing the normal range of junior high social pressure. Celia Imrie puts more heat into the role of the supervisor than the malls usually played. <br /> A break in the trip leads to a transformation crisis for some while others remain amusingly oblivious. We think, as the teacher described by Ben Miles in "Coupling," that we will eat a lesson on religious tolerance, but it's more about faith in people as well as God, which is why the BBC has shown it in England at Easter time and BBC America showed it to the US on Christmas. Nathalie Press, who was also so good at "Summer of Love," has a key role in Harvey's rescue of being able to play for the movie-in-the-week preaching, but is touched as they reach out to each other in an unexpected way (unfortunately I've seen intense scenes cut off by advertising). <br /> While it's a bit heavy-handed at times pointedly called this trip "a pilgrimage," this quiet film was the best evocation of "good-looking towards men" than I saw at most TV-themed TV movie.
