"Why were they so big? Why did not they just give the money to the poor?" This question about cathedral was asked by a student Mr. Harvey during a school field trip in Salisbury Cathedral. "That's a good question," she replied. "Partly inspired them - to get them looked up and wavy." I'm not sure that cathedral has the impact on everyone, but this movie certainly has impact on me. He was scared! <br /> It did not start out that way. For a while she seemed to be little more than an illustration of - well - a school field trip in Salisbury Cathedral. If you've ever been on a high school trip to anywhere this is basically it. You have a group of kids who are not interested in having fun out of school for a day, the bus driver who drives crazy and some teachers try to desperately keep it under control. There, to do this, the T-shirt was my first reaction. I figured that in the end this would be a typical story of a teacher managing to inspire a group of interested students. YAWN! But it seems to be so much more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a gum, unmiling teacher and a strange passion for their cathedrals. During the movie, her story slowly came out and became the focal point in the story. We also get introduced to some of the troubled students - most notably Helen, also brilliantly played by Nathalie Press, who is top-mutilated. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but it includes some powerful reflections on religious themes. When Harvey's colleague Jonathan (played by Ben Miles) says "I do not care who anyone believes as long as they do not try to force it on anyone else." Harvey replied, "That's not tolerance - it's indifference!" - that is, in fact (in my opinion) what is often happening for religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between various characters, and the final stage of the film was brilliant. As Harvey rides on the bus, Susanna White's director has the camera quietly equal, so that the final shot is simply in the sky - listening back to Harvey's comments that the purpose of the cathedral is to get people to look up in awe. The Cathedral accomplishes its purpose. We look at the universe in awe, seeking something greater than ourselves, however we choose to define it. This is a very powerful and very inspiring movie. 9/10
