Match 1: Team Tag Team Match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started things off with a Match Match Match Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. Under the rules of the match, both opponents have to go to the tables in order to get the win. Benoit and Guerrero warmed early in taking also Hammering first spike and then Bubba Ray. An extra German by Benoit Bubba took the wind out of Dudley's brother. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee kept him while Benoit and Guerrero gang up on it in the corner. With Benoit stomping away on Bubba, Guerrero set up an outdoor table. Spike shooter in the ring and somersaulted on the top rope on Guerrero on the outside! After recovering and taking care of Spike, Guerrero slips a table in the ring and helps the Wolverine to set it up. The tandem then set up for a double superplex from the middle rope that would put Bubba in the board, but Spike hit the table on right before his brother came crashing down! Guerrero and Benoit sustained another table in the corner and tried Irish Whip Spike into it, but Bubba was shot in and blocked his brother. Bubba keeps firing and rises both opponents in back drop bodies! Bubba has clambered Guerrero and Spike stomped on the Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba held Benoit in Bay for Spike to soar through the Wassup! Headbutt! Shortly after, Benoit grabbed Spike into the Crossface, but the match continued even after Spike tapped out. Bubba came to his brother's relief, and managed to get rid of Benoit on a table. Bubba jumps from the middle of the rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba crashing into the wild! But because his opponent did not force him to board, Bubba was allowed to stay in the game. The first man was eliminated shortly after, though, as Spike put Eddie in a table with a Dudley Dawg from the Kabina to the outside! Benoit put spike at a table later than the same score. In seconds, Bubba nailed a Bubba bomb that put Benoit in a table and gave the Dudleys win! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble vs Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who brings Nidia with her in the ring for the Cruiserweight Couple. Noble and kidman locked and tumbled on the ring, but ran back inside and grappled some more. When Kidman called the noble movement, Noble fled the ring where Nidia gave him some encouragement. The battle spread out the ring and Noble threw his girlfriend to the challenger. Kidney overhead Nidia sideways but taken down with a low edged arm. Noble continues to attack Kidman's wound back into the ring. Kidman's wounds hurt kidnapping, but he continued to fight hard. Noble tried to put Kidman away with a powerbomb but the challenger asked in a facebuster. Kidman went on finishing things with a Shooting Star Press, but Noble breaks the attempt. Kidman went for the Star Press to shoot again, but this time Noble just rolled out of the wrong way. Nobody flipping Kidman into a bomb soon after and got the pin holding his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs. Jeff Hardy William Regal took over Jeff Hardy next in an attempt to win back the European Championship. Jeff catapulted the shelf on the top rope then took it down with a hurracanrana off the ring ring. Back in the ring, Jeff hit the glowing of the wind hit shingle for a loop. Jeff went to Swing Bomb, but Regal got his knees to hit Jeff with a devastating shot. Jeff managed to surprise shelves with a quick rolling though and lifting the pin holding the European Championship! Regal started bawling in seeing Hardy celebrating on his way back up the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. Jan Cena Chris Jeriko has promised to end John Cena's career in the match of Vengeance, which came next. Jeriko tried to teach Cena a lesson as the games started by suplexing her in the bed. Jeriko continued to hit Cena around the ring until his cock got the best of her. While on top of the rope, Jericho started showboat and allowed Cena to catch him for a superplex! Cena followed with a tilt-a-whirl slam but was taken down with a nasty dropkick gut. The rookie has recovered and hit a suplex vantage stomach but could not put Y2J away. Jeriko was launched in the Lionsault but Cena dodged the move. Jericho nailed a bulldog and then connected to the Lionsault, but did not go for the cover. He dispersed Cena to his feet so he could put on the walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas, overturning the move in a PIN attempt and getting the 1-2-3! Jeriko went to Berserk after the match. Winner: John Cena <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental RVD vs Brock Lesnar via the next Big Deal and Mr. Pay-Per-View Tangled with the InterContinent Tournament on the Line. Brock grabbed the title of the ref and wrapped her on his shoulder for a while while blatant of RVD. The Dam's wind speed gave Brock a good start. The big man rolls out of the ring and kicks the steel steps out of frustration. Brock pulled her head together and started taking charge. With Paul Heyman crying in the ring, Brock slammed RVD into the hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to break RVD, sending it with ease on the rope head. RVD landed great on his back, then suffered from having his spine cracked against the steel ring steps. The battle returned to the ring and Brock weighs RVD around the ribs. RVD broke down and soon after Brock was carrying a kick in the temple. RVD was followed by the Rolling hand but Brock managed to kick out after a two-count. The battle looked like it might be as soon as RVD went for a five-star splash splash. Brock, though, kicked Van Dam on his shoulder and went for the F-5, but RVD whirled Brock into a DDT and followed with the Frog Splash! He went for the pin, but Heyman pulled the ref from the ring! The ref immediately called for a disqualification and soon traded course with Heyman! And RVD leans on Brock from the top rope and then threatens to hit the Van Terminator! Heyman has taken RVD and Brock to pick up the song and this time is connected to F-5 on a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs The Big Booker Show T Faced Big Show One-on-One Show. Show depressing Booker T kickers and punches and cast Booker in the corner. After being thrown out of the ring, Booker picked up a seat at ringside, but Big Show draw it back to Booker's face. Booker tried to get back to the game by choking show with a camera cable at ringside. Booker breaks a TV monitor from the Hispanic position of the Show Skull, then releases a scissor knife that puts both men across the table! Booker folds back into the ring and Big Show repatriates later. Show Booker's throat but he is met by a low blow and a kick in the face. Booker climbs up the rope and nails a drop of somersaulting legs to get the pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Ad: Triple H entered the ring into a rowing ovulation as fans were hoping to learn where the game would end up competition. Before he could talk, Eric Bishoff stopped the game to excuse to get involved in his personal business. If Triple H has signed with RAW, Bischoff has promised his personal life never to go into play again. Bischoff said she spent the past two years of networking in Hollywood. It was said that everyone was looking for the next superstar WWE superstar, and they all spoke of Triple H. Bischoff guaranteed that if Triple H signed with RAW, he would have to get top opportunity to come up with his way. Stephanie McMahon stepped down to get her own. He said that because of his personal story with Triple H, two of them know each other very well. He said two of them were once irresistible and can again. Bischoff cut him and asked him to stop. Stephanie quoted that Triple H once told her how Bischoff said Triple H had no talent and no charisma. Bischoff said she was young at the time and did not know what she was, but she still has a lot more experience than Stephanie. The two continue to bicker back and forth, until Triple H was up and his microphone. The game said it would be easy to say "your screw" at either one of them. Trip H was going to shake Bischoff by hand, but pulled it off. He said he would rather go with the devil he knows, rather than the one he does not know. Before he could go any further, though, Shawn Michaels came out to shake things. HBK says the last thing he wanted to do was to cause any problems. He did not want to get involved, but he remembered pleading to bring Triple H to the top. HBK said that there is nobody in the world that Triple H is the best friend. HBK told his friends to imagine the two of them back together, making Bischoff's life a living hell. Trip H said it was a tempting offer. He then turns and embraces HBK, making his official switch to RAW! Trip H and HBK left, and Bischoff gloated on his victory. Bischoff says the difference between the two is that he has testicles and he does not. Stephanie whacked Bischoff on the side of the head and left! <br /> Match 7: Team Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm vs Hollywood Hogan and Edge Match began with loud "USA" songs and Hogan cut Christian across the ropes and out of the ring. Canadians were taken from them. But Edge scored a kick from the Christian head and planted a storm facebuster to get the Hogan tag. Hogan started hopping up and soon caught Christian with a big boot with a leg drop! Storm broke the county with Christian Hogan over from the ring where the Superkicked Storm icon. Edge reaches in time afterwards and falls off both opponents. He speared both of them in the corner turnbuckles, but missed a spear on electricity and hit the hard ref instead. Edge nailed a DDT, but the ref was down and can not count. The test was run down and down Hogan then carried Edge with a boot. Storm tried to get the pin but Edge kicks after two. Riksihi was taken to unravel the test, allowing Edge to restore and spear storms. Christians distract the ref, though, with the inside Y2J and Edge clocks and the Tag Team Couple! Storms roll over and got the pinpoint to win the title! Winners and New Team Champion Champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> Match 8: WWE Championship Inability to Triple Match. Rock vs. Kurt Angle and the Three Undertaker of the most successful WWE superstar lined up against one another in a Triple Treatment Match and the Context Tournament hanging in the balance. Taker and the stone facing face with Kurt Angst begged for some attention on the side. He got attention in the form of a batter down the form of the other two men. Soon after, Taker spilled out of the ring and the brawled rock with English. English gave a series of siplexes that took down Rock, but the Great One contrasted with a DDT that managed a two-count. The battle continues outside the ring and Taker comes to life with English radlining and repeatedly split the Rock. Taker and Rock went back to the ring, and Taker dropped the Rock with a sidewalk slam to get a two-count. Rock rebuked, grabbed Taker in the throat and chokeslammed her! Angle broke the pin attempt that was likely given to the Rock title. The stone was revenced by hacking on Ankle Lock to Kurt Angle. Angles reverse the movement with Rock under the People's Champions. Shortly afterwards, the Rock was set up from English and hit the man on the Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage of the Great One's disability outside the ring and covered Taker, who chased after a count of two. Outside the ring, Rock took a big swig from a nearby water bottle and spewed the liquid in the face of the Blind Taker Champion. Taker did not stay handicapped for long, and managed to overpower Rock and turn his attention to English. Taker landed a giyolotine leg guides on English, laying on the ring shingle. The Rock has chosen itself just in time to break a PIN attempt on Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock with a DDT and put it up for a chokeslam. Angle tried to sneak up with a steel chair, but Taker caught on that tomfoolery and spanked it out of his hands. The referee was caught in the firing fire and did not see English hit Taker funny with a steel chair. Angle was going to cover Taker as the Rock lay trendy, but the dead somehow got its shoulders. Angles tried to punish Rock, but it's too chase. The rock rises and lands Angle of the butler! Angle looked like it was on tap, but Taker kicked the stone from holding in submissions. Taker takes Rock up and crashed with the last ride. While the deceased covered her for the win, Angle had been running through and taking Taker up in the ankle lock! Taker is durable and painful, but managing to counter. He chose English for the last ride, but the angle set on a choke triangles! It looked like Taker was about to pass out, but the Rock broke the English hold only to find himself caught in the ankle lock. Rock was out of the hold and looked at Taker English chokeslam. Rocky hit below Rock, but Taker declined and kicked out. Ang whirled taker up in the English slam, but was rock bottom by the Great One and estimates! Winner and New Champion WWE: The Rock <br /> ~ Finally there is a decent PPV! Recently the PPV was not very good, but this one was a winner. I give this PPV an A- <br /> <br />
