Many people know how it feels when someone you love loses. Feeling pain, grief and pain can be unbearable. However, sometimes it is the memories left behind that trigger the infamous emotions. This theme is superbly described in the short film 'Tulip', directed by the award winning Australian actress, Rachel Griffths. Described as a movie 'as much as memory as it is about love', a string of sensitivity and sentimentality is expertly threaded in this 15-minute triumphal film. <br /> <br /> 'Tulip' is a very loud, touching and heart-warming story of someone's journey coming in terms with the loss of his wife in the relationship she shares with a very special animal, 'Tulip '. The film opens with a rising sunrise, chirping of birds and a vast landscape, introducing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the movie. A soft music plays, labeled Ruth (Jean Bain). She wears a flower dress and apron with a sun hat on her head. She gently tulips pet, caressing her ears and patting her back. Household furniture is impressive and the attention to detail is credible (a vase of tulips can be seen on the bench), reflecting the rural community. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell will greet Ruth as it is spooning the milk out of the bucket. They poured milk and coffee together, a sign of company and teamwork. Not a word that has been said but it is obvious that their relationship is close and affectionate; They paint a perfect picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. The tragic pass affected the affected profoundly. An effective stage of vehicles handles the Will's insulation and vulnerability at the end of the day at the funeral. Soon it flows into depression and becomes subconscious in its environment when everything seems hopeless and lost. At Will's despair, Tulip becomes Ruth's symbol, the genuine connection will be with her late wife. It was in Tulip that will learn to cope with the absence of Ruth and overcome the intense feelings of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each of the characters is real and solidly described, especially part of Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the character of life into personal investment. The past loss of his own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is effectively reflected in his acting. Each sag to its shoulder and each butcher on its forehead makes the viewer empathize strongly with the character. Ruth's character is a wonderful thing that Jean Bain has brought. Although Ruth does not say a single word in the movie, its sweet personality and love relationships with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards provide delightful performances in supporting Role as Margaret's friendship with Mary. They also add a subtle humor to the bitter story. <br /> An anecdote from Childhood Griffths', the history of loss and discovery is remarkably captured by 'Tulip'. So much injection and superbly acting, this movie will surely make you lick eyed, triumphant or feel like drinking a cup of milk.
