"Sasquatch Hunters" actually was not as bad as I thought. (Kevin O'Connor) Roger Gordon, (Matt Latimore) Brian Stratton (David Zelina) Spencer Combs (Rick Holland) and his sister Janet (Stacey Branscombe) Dr Helen Gilbert, (Amy Shelton-White) boss Dr Ethan Edwards (Gary Sturm) and assistant Louise Keaton (Juliana Dever) There are some reputed bones found in the area. When they camp, the team discovered a landslide burial ground with the most unusual bones than the area. When members of the group start to disappear, they start to wander through the woods of safety. He discovered that a Sasquatch is behind the killings, and the team team together to survive. <br /> <br /> The good news: This was not as bad as I thought it would be. The movie really starts to pick up some steam around the half point, when the animal attack. This is a set of performances in the scene, as the whole group underwent attack by the creature, and the suspense of all-round very high playback. The most suitable woodland areas during these parts, increase the tension and demand when one person wandering around in the forest will get their getuppance. Also spread well liberally in the movie is the effective use of off-screen screens and frowns that are really unworldly. They really add much to be part of this climb, as well as the other times they call the hunger. It's very effective, and works well. It is very good that the later part of the movie picks up the speed, as it goes out very well on a high score of action. A scene especially I feel should point out as being a special scene on first glance. As someone runs into the jungle out of the animal, it spots the expedition that went on looking for it. Increasing his hands for them to help, the second he goes to announce his presence is he's attacked from out of nowhere and he's killed well. It keeps me surprise and actually gave me a small jump on first glance. <br /> <br /> The Bad News: There was only one thing to complain about here, and one is a usual complaint. The animal here is mainly acquired by terrible CGI, which made it totally ridiculous and destroyed any credibility it might have had. The air of threatens up in the opening of the movie almost shoots out the window when the animal appears on screen. It's so distracted that it's a shame a little more work did not put into it. I have been complaining about this one, and it's really something to be done away with, as it does not look realistic and is quite fake. Another great thing is the cut-off screen in here. Very often in the movie is someone grabbed and then yanked away, and then get the body blood later. It's very aggravated when the kittens look nice and juicy afterwards. Otherwise, I do not really have a lot of problems with this one, like everything else that's typically criticized on this one did not really hurt me, but it's called over for others beyond this. The final final: I loved this one, but it's still not the best Sasquatch movie ever. It should not be taken seriously, and if that's the way it is, it's actually enjoyable. Fans of these films should give this one a look, and those like the Sci-Fi Creativity features might find some nice things in here as well. Rated R: Graphic Language, Violence and Some Graphic Meat
