I read a few reviews of this television movie that all said that the movie dragged on too long and that it was basically just sensational entertainment. I agree that maybe the movie goes on a bit too long (2h30 would be enough ...) but I certainly do not think it sensationalizes the matter. Experience Jim Jones's expansion and slowing degradation in mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are never treated in a symptomatic way. The film takes her time to show how Jones recruits followers (Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif's characters are standing-outs in this matter), but also observing an unstoppable change in Jones' perceptions of reality. It is mind-boggling to see a egalitarian, leftist and compassionate companion becoming a destructive and cruel dictator. Maybe the movie does not explore Jones' motivation enough, which can make the ordeal somewhat superficial at times (may have to do with censorship as well ...) but fascinating boothe's performance makes it all happen. I'm not familiar with the details of Jim Jones's real life, but boots make sure the monster plays credible and real. The movie features many strong performances, among them the Messengers of Jones, Jones' meeting with Father Divine (a remarquable James Earl Jones), visiting Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty) Congress in Guyana's camp and of course, the suicide scene. It is quite a gloomy sight to watch and Boothe is well commander in the latest moments. Madge Sinclair shines from this scene as one of his followers suddenly, and so does Veronica Cartwright (as wife Jones) and Brad Dourif, especially when they come to drink the killers. The calm relative at the end of this scene, the tasteful direction and the contrasting beauty of their natural environment all work in making these images quite impossible to erase from one's mind. A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. Worth watching, if only keep in mind one of the really awful events of the 20th century. Do not let it repeat again. Like, ironically, the inscription of Jim Jones camp: "Those who do not know the past are bound to repeat it".
