Most successful comic books usually depend on having bigger bandits than life, ready to fly on the screen and strangle you alive with a smile or a line of two or two in dialogue. The Tim Burton Batmans won it, as they did (in an even more grotesque way) Sin City. With Dick Tracy producer / director / star Warren Beatty batteries on the bandits until it becomes part of the foundation. Like a strong homage of 1930 gangster pictures - only this time stands for children as opposed to Bonnie in bold and Clyde-Dick Tracy is full, happy, and archetypes with bright, the main colors, where the criminals carry tommy weapons and they form upon them face their personality. Stomach like Stooge, Shoulders, Lips, Leaves, Mumbles, Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave the names of his characters that fit their profiles, and gave his hero a mach that could cut glass. This film is a continuation of gags that are perfectly taken seriously. <br /> If, at the moment, movies such as Batman and (underground) turtle ninja tortoises have been darker than in reality in a comic book-book, Dick Tracy is more 'old-school'. It's a story of cops and crooks, or rather A cop, Tracy detective as she tries to bust Big Boy (Al Pacino, in what arouses her biggest performance to date, and in a sense one of that meaningful for his enchanting style), but with no such luck. There is also a little kid, called simply the Kid (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings more young spunk to this past than imagined), and Tracy's love of Tess's interest. Then there is the 'dame nightclub' (Madonna, who probably does not give any kind of great acting performance, but maybe that suits the role of fine, and singing excellent when calling on), who will testify unless Tracy admits her feelings about her. Then there's behavioral transactions and take Tracy down, with a mysterious masked face and a scraggly voice. At the time, as if making a mockery of a Hawk Hawks movie in a splash of visual effects and major explosions, Dick Tracy adds to the wink-and-note comedy with the action as its syrup on a heap of pancakes. It is a wonder of looking at this world, which is created in ways that have a passion for which were made today would just be simply by the computer proxy (City Sine, which can be verified compared to the movie Beatty a). We are driving in this great world of great shots and then pushing to the drawn line, or whatever it is in it, in large edges of correction and angle of camera that looks like these small panels lean into the comics in old age. I'm almost reminded of the Snow Club during these sequences, such as history, music, details, and some big punches and gun-shots to go a long way to reveal what needs to be said, which, actually, is no more than it needs. And there is a load-load of diabetes dialogue in the script (one of my favorites: "The enemy of my enemy is ... my enemy", plus any of Pacino's references to other figures in quotes). /> Review this after seeing it for the first time in the movie theater (and only remembering little bits), Dick Tracy is an awesome hard-boiled to the finest degree. It has been filled with good cheer for the children, and with some very good action squares away without some of the more intriguing intentions of his cinema-livestock cinema (ie PG-13 fare), and for adults its cast-back central iron and panache with a strong feeling for the nonsense. Even Dustin Hoffman hams her, and she barely says a sound word!
