The opening credits make for a brilliant, atmospheric piece of escapism entertainment that's full of nods in the comic strip. All the good guys are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the movie is jam-packed with unusual character actors covering Gruesome make-up hi-lite features. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, as Dick Tracy, is the finest guy guy right, incorruptible, calmly usually always a fighter better than the other guy, and rarely one pushes the limit on legality. Al Pacino, as "Big Boy" Caprice steals his scene in as a gangster-caught gangster in some metropolis appointed in 1930's gangster. Maddonna plays the kind of person he'd probably play best, Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and femme Fatal and small agenda will go. Gleanne Headly is Tracy's hard-talking, fiercely long-time girlfrined. Then there's the kid, a funny little street Luchin Tracy taking in, who model himself after his father reinforced and rescued Tracy when the detective had accepted his fate of being bleeding. <br /> <br /> Players support them Who is in who character actors. Charles Durning is the police chief. Dick Van Dyke is District Attorney, who is in corruption by Big Boy's goons caught him on the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a comic turn as Mumbles, trap-containing dialect is so indispensable to the cops that can not be fooled by what he says. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival Big Boy gangsters forming a special allegiance in order to create a network of crime spread throughout the entire city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, Piano Player for Breathless Show. Paul Sorvino plays Mouth Mouth, Breathless's early happiness until Big Boy gives him the "Bath." James Caan set up relatively small make-up of his performance as the only gangster who will not go along with Big Big Boy's plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are great boys, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> This film retains all the corn in the comic strip, plus it is vibrant shades. Almost all costumes are elaborate in blues and green with yellow and red. All colors of the rainbow are found in this movie - and then some! The paintings used to truly achieve this world as two-dimensional, only act in three dimensions. The humor is abundant. Al Pacino filled the shoes of her character like no other character she played before or since. Big Boy is kind of crazy, and self-pitying. It is a unique little one who takes pride in quoting our Founding Fathers and looks like himself in great political leaders. The man and the plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
