Time for an annuity, eh: I thought Spirit was a great movie to watch. However, there was a few things that stopped me in its rating above a 6 or 7 (I'm a bit generous with the 7). Point # 1: Matt Damon aggravated me. I thought, 'what a dicky voice was getting for the main character,' when I first heard him tell - and then I realized he was Matt Damon. The box my man so very bad - his performance at "The Departed" was terrible and ruined the film for me (before the film had a chance to break his head, but that's another story for some other time) it almost made "Spirit". I could get past this fact because of how little narration actually has been ... Fortunately. <br /> <br /> Point # 2: Brian Adams sucks ... The whole score was awful ... The songs were unoriginal, generic, and poorly executed; Not once did I find the music fit; and the lyrics were terrible. Whenever one of the lame songs came, I was turned off. I had almost thought I would begin to hear some patriotic propaganda slip into the super-American liberty style lyrics (I can not help but remember the terrible patriotic songs that played on the radio still after 9/11). In the light of native Americans in the film, they should go with fitting music using right instruments, not petty radio-hit, teen-bop, 14-year-old-old crap girl. I thought I was back to junior high school. I can not believe that no better could be done - I refuse. If it were not for that, I'd run the movie up with Disney, which knows something or two about originality (ok, do not bother telling what I know some of you are probably thinking;). Too bad, it is a shame they could not hire best musicians. <br /> I love the art and animation, except for some things here and there ... as sometimes the angles appear too sharp on the face and the lines are too thick or black on the body (thick / dark line especially pre end a). There were often times when I thought they were treated too hard_ on emotional and facial expressions and failed to draw any real emotions. But there were times when the emotion ran thick. No matter how many scenes were lazy and the layers were apparent. <br /> OK, I fall asleep here so I'll sum it up before I start to make less sense ... <br /> /> Nice to try on an epic film ... it turned out mediocre even si. Matt Damon, you suck!
