Spirit: The Cimarron Stallion is a wonderful movie. Mixing two types of animation is unique, the storyline is amazing, and the music is wonderful. The plot animation is something special about many animations. How to express the characters, especially the horses, in the animations are spectacular especially. While horses in how to communicate in body language is easy to understand, many teens and those who have not studied horses could not understand. Without words, I would imagine it would be difficult to express them in their features. Therefore, I understand 'eyebrows' are added to the horses (while real horses do not have thick lines). One of the few things I noticed about horse habits that might have been describing weird is that the Spirit leads his mother's ancestors. In wild horse cows, the lead stallion usually chases the young boys out. Also, while some people might think portraiture of white army officers as the 'bad guys' are stereotypes, think of all the films in which native Americans have been described as such. Sometimes back then; The Mustangs were treated very badly. For example, in real history, Appaloosa growth was almost wiped out by Army officers. Imagine what would happen to one of the favorite worlds that they would gather if native Americans did not save them. <br /> I think it's amazing how the realism has not been subtracted by making horses to talk with each other. The Holy Spirit was expressed by a little bit of narratives, but especially in the music (by Bryan Adams). The songs express the story really well, and Hans Zimmer and Bryan Adams did a great job telling the story of melody and lyrics. The emotion I received when watching the movie, if the first or twentieth (yes, I watched it so much), you would not believe. Some of the scenes take your breath away, while others seem to force your tears. The opening sequence, which shows the country's landing, puts you right in the spectacular action right away. <br /> I do not understand at all why some people are so lovely in this film brighter. Overall, I missed it a 10/10 - a must look.
