Some time in the late 19th century, somewhere in the West Indian, several cowboys in need of money went to a Buffalo hunt. The group leader believes that buffaloes are too numerous for the hunt to have any impact, but the more experienced hunter sees how the population can fall, and it is not so sure. Featuring buffalo cows living in South Dakota and showing the film of current hunting (film introduction explains it as necessary thinning of the herd), the film performs an excellent job of presenting us with the Buffalo combat with its effects on Americans native without ever being preached to her. The real story, however, is about the dysfunctional family that is created by the small group formed by the hunting. Father's face is Charlie, a violent person with a short fake. Sandy, his "brother", is the experienced hunter who tired of killing but needs the job after losing his animals. A half-Indian boy, who hates the fact that it seems entirely White, took the role adopted by son. The grandfather (and moral compass) is a skinner of Buffalo alcohol; Charlie's "wife" is an American woman whose companions were killed after stolen horses. Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure. It means and insults towards everyone around him, but at the same time he knows they are the only family with friends he has. She expects the abducted Americans to hate her, then accept her, but she does not know how to react when she refuses to perform either. He is the one who puts the family together in the first place, but it's also the one who has mercy finally destroy it. This is all very similar to the classic "Red River", which also features a family of sorts that are torn apart by the increasingly violent and marginalized face. As one might expect, this film suffers from comparison. The plot is not as focused on developing the characters and family dynamics, and the neglected direction keeps all the scenes working towards this common goal. Charlie is so incredible since the very beginning that we have never had any reason to care about what's happening to her or her family. On the positive side, however, the message surrounding Kuff Buffalo adds an extra dimension to the movie and its conclusion is far superior to the Hollywood finish that was nailed to the end of the "Red River". As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an exciting and fun film, very well done, but falls short of what might need to be considered a classic.
