I just looked at Spirit and enjoyed it very much, I've seen it over 4 times now on HBO and will buy the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that 'Vanishing Point' was just another movie car chase with `Thelma & Louise 'was just another chick flick. Although the conclusions of these darker films I feel the terms are somewhat related; That freedom and individuality are very important and that usually someone wants to take it away from you. Other common features of these movies are caring for, who thought "guardian angels" help the main characters to overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> Another review here mentions how this film relates to the theme of civilization invading another person at home. Everyone who has to do is look around at the reduced zones area around us. <br /> I thought the animation and the story were amazing, the animators really got horses to look, act and move naturally. The spirits of the Holy Ghost were very clear as the story progressed (yes, I know that they are humanizing their horses a bit, but this is fiction). In a couple of action scenes you feel caught in the current of the rapids and the heat from a forest fire. In other more quiet scenes (most of the time) you will be able to fight their origins. One of the great things that make the story really work is not to talk, singing animal beasts. Doing this would take away the story's power. Instead the flow of the story is said by occasional narration by the main character, plus punch added by the fantastic band. Another plus is that they did not fear to give the story a bit of a dark side (which really made this movie observable to me). This is not prevalent in the movie all though, and the conclusion is fitting and uplifting without thirst. People who value horses will really love this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a movie movie. I do not feel this would be a good movie to take the kids if they're bringing up on the inane ticket that offers up today. And if they're sort of thoughtful that can handle compelling stories like the Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty will likely like this movie. Hell, I have 35 years and still love these things.
