One of the most definite gangster films in the 80 's, Scarface is very much a movie in its time. The first thing you notice when you watch this movie is that it is screaming at you, 'made in 1983'. The costumes, music notes and tunes, hairstyles, make no mistake about it is a movie all over crime in the 80's and while it should have horrible dates it does not have. This is still a superb movie. While Georgio Moroder's music dated a bit bit, he still compliments the story of Tony Montana well thanks to the superb scenario by Oliver Stone and the first-class direction of Brian De Palma, one of two films that he did and Pacino (the other was the fantastic Way Carlito). All trademarks of Palma are here; The strong language, the graphic violence (more so later), the stylish excesses such as fabulous set pieces and of course the classy camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the movie and I mean that literally. It is the dominant star of this movie. His performance on the head, this is one of those films that Pacino has not so much told his line as he speaks, this time with a superb Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and it makes it fantastically. Only he could go this far to the top and still comes away from the movie and his acting integrity to control. While some may complain about it shouting in his line, it's the absolute excess of it all, this is a movie too much. Take a look at the production design of Tony's home, take a look at the violence of this movie. The chainsaw incident is downright brutal and is not everywhere. Shoot from the body end will go down to a most akin to rates of Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films. Take a look at the number of coke that appears in the movie for Pacino's performance I suppose is perfect for the movie. It is supported by actors with more analogues to tell their lines in a most controlled way. Steven Bauer, in particular, as Tony's best friend, Manny, stands out from the support cast. Its performance is so monitored and quiet in a sort of De Niro's way it is a wonder that he ended up doing straight into soft porn video. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, add glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual with Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio to make a great first as Tony's sister. <br /> In this course is more than just a movie over there. There is more to it than drugs, violence, chains attack and a big big shot out. This is a movie on the dark side of the American dream. In many ways he puts it on a thematic par with the godfather films. Tony finds himself coming to America, finding it all, living the American dream and then losing it all in violent fashion, and not saying he loses it all, I mean he loses it all. He killed his best friend, his sister died, his empire fell, literally, around him, and in his head he was killed in his own castle, reinforced bullets in him. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly Scarface is one of the key films in the early 80s. Sure, he does not have the intricacies of the godfather films, but this is still a fine film and one is worth going in again and again.
