I had the privilege of watching Scarface on the big screen with maximum restoring its 35mm in honor of the 20th anniversary of their movie release. It was great to see that on the big screen as much of it lost on television and the overall integrity of this project could not be emphasized enough. Scarface is noted in an old radical treasure of the depths of hell history featuring Al Pacino as Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this version, Tony comes to America during the human wave of Cuban wave in the late 1970s, early 1980s. Tony and his coats quickly get green cards by offending a political figure in the Tent and after a short stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony was launched on his terrible path towards total destruction. Many of the characters in this movie played in skilled ways that are so enjoyable to watch I've forgotten little of this movie over the last twenty years. Robert Loggia as Tony's employer, Frank Lopez is wonderful. Her character is disadvantaged by being too convinced, and as Tony quickly faces out, soft. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez is described by one of our major actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez is ultimately invading and doing nothing to Frank; It is like he does not have an idea of ​​his own. Tony quickly saw this and he still fights with Suarez, but really only sees him as a minor problem to get in on his way to the top. Characters that always come back to me are played so perfectly is Mel Bernstein, detective corruption in Miami Narcotics detective played by Harris Yulin (Training Day.) Mel, without punishment supporting large amounts of money in everywhere in the drug industry . She plays Tony off to Frank until she catches up with her in a scene that marks the exit from the movie both Frank and Mel. It is frankly heard Frank asks for Mel to pray, as Tony is about to kill him only to hear Mel answer, "It's your Frank tree, you're sitting in it. This is from those Frank has paid for protection ! <br /> <br /> Tony's ride is meteoric and is only matched by speed and intensity by his quick and burning crash. After Frank's officer and his wife and Tony's business grave take over it can never look like As Tony plunges the world's deeper into drugs, greed and inability to trust he eventually kills his best friend and sister who fell in love with couples .This all sets up the finish that is Tony's complement was nipped by an army from his provider who felt betrayed because Tony would not go in with a political assassination ordered. This whole stem formed a compassion when Tony refused to make an accomplice in a murder would be able to participate in the wives and children of the victim. "All of this is a great reputation in overseas culture and cocaine in the 1980's. Alma does a great job of keeping it all together in one of the fastest moving movies three hours around. Violence is very graphic and has a few scenes that will ever be engraved on any visual viewers, particularly chainsaw who have really seen, two vacant vaccine points in the head and melee throughout the movie ending the movie. This is a highly recommended stylistically movie that is not for the squeamish, or for those who need financially optimistic and potential sequels; DePalma leaves it all flying here.
