The story revolves around Montana 'Scarface' Antonio, an ultra-violent refugee refugee who comes to the US with less than nothing and makes a place for himself in the top of the cocaine trade. a calculus man with a consciousness, with extreme ambitions, Tony strongly begins to want things to see a great-rolled criminal joining enjoy, including his appetizing lover ... Heights his way out of a refugee camp by enjoying luck to sew a person living in ancient liberty, taking his rivals dealer, gaining confidence in an important drug master by eclipse a local gang boss in Miami, and eventually making it the highest level of the drug organization ... <br / > <br/> Pacino shows the results of greed and lust for power over the human psyche ... It guns its way through the sunny streets of Miami where it was' the world and everything in it. With his chaos, obscene dialogue, and his negotiation skills, he began to imagine himself invulnerable and above all else ... He quickly moved the world's gang into gang, and became more ruthless than ever Others may be imagining ... <br /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer looks like the wife of addiction that does not have life inside ... It succeeds in displaying too much 'object' to navigate uncertain water and her anti-hero. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio happens to be the best of Tony's life, the only thing that is good and pure ... It riots at the end of the movie so fire that would itself be the whole thing could blow. Robert Loggia shows a weak and frightening disposition, especially when dealing with Pacino as a challenger ... He proved to be a less ambitious employer in a position of power ... Steven Bauer shines as the man of charm, allied loyal and faithful friend ... <br /> <br /> The Stone-scripted Oliver 'Scarface' is a change in genre, scenes rising after the classic caring scene nklou while updating ating legendary criminals up-and-coming in modern, drug-infested ... Miami, but as always, the focus is on decadence, profanity and violence ?? memorably a murder murder case, rather than on the psychological and social reasons for hoodlum's psychopathic behavior.
