"A classic is something that everyone wants it, but nobody wants it. A classic is also something that everyone praises but no one." -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> 'Classic' seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface", Brian DePalma's film 1983 on self-esteem, self-surrender, greed, and dangers among the Florida drug ring. People and critics (and notes to that subject) this film 'a classic gangster season' or 'eptiome in gangster movie'. When it is nothing but. It is praised for all reason. Scarface is a terrific movie that deserves praise from all over, but not all the praise it gets from today's audience, and these fine points are so inexpensive to make them miss by the general public. <br /> <br /> The first, the movie is about a Cuban refugee, and a past in wanting to escape communist hands and find happiness. Simple? Yes. But the layers of De Palma's leading genius, and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes I know, he actually wrote a real good one here) play through all of it. The characters are all looking for an escape, as escape is a natural element faced by the movie by all. Each character has something to offer, which are unmatched by everyone who could appreciate this movie. They are tucked into a mysterious world with money, but all have a price, as they all learn. Each character thinking will become the best chance of life, when the true dramatic irony is actually getting worse. 'Tragedy' should be a better word for describing this movie. Everyone who praises the movie for his drugs, violence, and dialogue, totally misses the point. There is nothing really positive about the movie besides the characters positive expectations of themselves. That's why the movie works well. The devastation of out the movie serves to deliver the message to the movie, not looking cool or attracting viewers. Brian De Palma does not make movies for gang, or brainless actors. <br /> <br /> Next on, the movie is an adult drama. It's not a 'movie gangster'. It has it's action in action, but the action is drawn carefully, so it has a point. It's not like "Alien" - an example of a big action movie dummy, and most audiences view this movie as a big movie movie gangster movie about drugs and people shooting. Ridicule. Hogwash. If this film is about that, then it is about how bad it is. Not a promotion of it. <br /> <br /> This is said, the movie is indeed a great movie. It has great movies that pulls you into the story. It has a very dramatic note (in true Giorgio Moroder style), which simply would give you thrill, or bring you into tears. The film is rather long, but it's a story, and every time counts. The act is terrific. Al Pacino - enough said. He can do any role that he puts his spirit, and this was no exception. Pretty boy Steven Bauer, as Manny. I did not think so much of her in other films she did, but she actually loves her when she goes under the direction of Maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a true gem as Elvira. Blow in the heels in a sort of embarrassment at "Fat 2" she got her ticket up by performing a no-hold performance prohibited in a beauty that is more than satisfying the eye. But the three diamonds true to this rough are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as sister Gina Tony, who when she smiles, or weeps, we see her soul and her cool way of living, and watch her deteriorate; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug lord, who runs deeper than a river, and Shenar shows him as that; and Miriam Colom as mother tore Tony and Gina. These three searched the movie as deeply as it can go. <br /> <br /> This review has learned one main thing when watching "Scarface" for the first time. Always go to a unsuspecting film. All the hype and talk of this movie can not possibly prepare you for what you really see. Only know De Palma (as I do) can give you even a glimpse of what this movie holds. So ignore the rap crap, ignoring the mindless violence supporters, and fix yourself a glass of Bailey on the rocks, and indulge yourself in an emotional look at a big movie, the real "Scarface."
