Well known when one looks at this movie by Brian DePalma today, I'm sure there's been critical about how it's dating. Also, on the violence. When I watched this movie about VHS when I was 20, I thought it was ultra-violent and frustrating as well. But I did not get it. <br /> A few decades to visit with people, how do I know how much I did not get in this movie !! This is a remake of an excellent film that has made back to 30's / 40's. How can you improve on a classic? Ya do not. But you tell a story that has brought up to date in the eyes of the "new immigrants" during the decade of most blind ridden, over 80 indulgences. DePalma, Stone and the gang are present an ambitious, disturbing and darling good movie. <br /> Yes .... Disco was killed and New Wave / Punk took over the hands of these immigrants from Cuba who made a new home in Florida could not tell the difference. It was interesting, it was what they wanted but how to get it ???? For those immigrants, there was only one way to get it to Florida where there was not much money and get the money you took on running a drug empire. was fantastic to me like Tony Montana, "the little train that could". What an amazing way to have your lead character look to America: to fight, kill, steal. lies, scam all get - "the money, the women and the power." That's what Tony saw as American dream. <br /> He wanted it, he wanted to live it and in his circle saw nothing wrong with how he went to get it. Tony Montana's command of the English was heavily saturated with the word "f" but what did you expect to finish Emily Post's school for him and his co-porters? Look at how to CAME in America, what they knew, what they were exposed to. This is how Tony and his crew have chosen for "all that can be in America." It was all about power. Tony Montana did, he did everything to achieve it ... it all violent, lying, stealing, croaking, glorious fortune. <br /> <br /> Part of the movie that's personal 1980's in me is the money laundering. Tony's team carries bags of drug money in the bank. Are those widespread Tony and his crew? In the clubs where he spent and drinking? Nope. Money was money and money, you get power. Tony lived high in the pig. She and her beautiful American blonde marry have played well by Michelle Pfieffer. After Tony Montana climbs to power, he finds out really spitting him there. It's riddled with skepticism, it's drug addiction, it's paranoid, it's surrounded by people who want to take it over to a bloody take-over, its trophy 80 American blonde drug addicted to his wife finds out is a Do, he needs to keep up the empire because ... he will go down. And down it goes into a terrible violent mode, but again I wonder, what are you expecting? <br /> <br /> This film is the 1980s excerpt to tell you a story about how to misunderstand the American dreams ... mania. It is violent, bloody, so overwhelming .. but it drives the distant home point. Not all Cubans were cast out of Cuba who landed in Florida in the 80's were anything like Tony Montana. Give me a break. But the show how miserable in the 1980s was with its emphasis on greed and money as the only measures in the USA "have a person" and have power taken its tools on these poor characters and the lives of America la. /> Do you wonder - there is nothing in hand then - learned today?
