Many people like this movie and many more like it, but it seems that it's all for the wrong reason. Scarface would love and love, but not in the way it was or is. Many people say that the act was over-the-top, but that's best to make an over-the-top character Al Pacino. To say that Pacino went on the top-of here would be an understatement. But it does well, it just brings the devil inside out of you so well. Her character Montana Montana did not like a great guy to start with her thirst for power just to bring her disorder to greed at another level; an inhuman level. Be sure at times Pacino seems to be a bit cartoonish and surreal but that's not all I seem to have a responsibility at all. Throwing in support served his job very well. Michelle Pfeiffer was not really at her best but certainly fit the role she played. On the other hand Steven Bauer was at her best, still she is Steven Bauer. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and like Michelle Pfeiffer fit her role very well. Robert Loggia I still enjoy watching in just seeing him calling. Other than Pacino's were not really any outstanding or memorable performance. Everyone seemed to fit their role when they were there. They did not fit perfectly but were convinced enough. <br /> <br /> Brian De Palma has done a very good job direct this movie. Whenever an actor can become bigger than his life and his performance should give some credit to the director and I will certainly give De Palma that. Brian De Palma, but not respecting, is a very versatile director not counting me. He knows how to direct films according to genres, but that at times has not turned out well. In here it does, this is not all counting a gangster movie but some are better than this one because of De Palma. Writing this was great it was just pure Oliver Stone. When I saw the credit at the end of this movie and saw that Oliver Stone had written that I was not little bit surprised. This is a testament to it though. I was still though in her as a great writer and made me prove this once again with Scarface. Nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than Oliver Stone. <br /> <br /> The music was good but not great. It is certainly not my favorite from Giorgio Moroder. The music was a bit too 80s-me for me but it did not annoy me. The cinematography was good, not surprising but really caring about a movie like this. This has probably been one of the most influential movies in the past 25 years, but as mentioned before it is for the wrong reason. People should realize that the character of Tony Montana is not heroes, it's a monster. It does not inspire anyway. It is vicious, bloodthirsty, uneducated and burning head. But it is a role model of many because it is in some ways or another a rebel but probably most of all because it is a delusional gangster. An observant should be like Mother Tereasa next to Scarface. The good thing about this movie though is that it shows Tony Montanas' not the real problem. If you or those in authority want to close people like him down we could do it, but we do not. In a freaky manner, it is a necessity of our society. It is a person you could blame everything over and fall better on yourself doing it. Tony Montanas' in this world are the scapegoats of our society. This in no way excuses people like him. Instead it is more of a reminder that we should not apologize or allow ourselves to do bad things just because we measure or think we measure better with a gangster dealer or drug. I like this movie because it is more than a movie corruption, it's a movie that's a strange way to make your self reflected.
