Each big gangster movie has under-streams of human drama. Do not expect an emotional story of guilt, punishment and despair from "Scarface". This is a story of weeds, bribery, and power. Side boundary of the "American Dream". Anyone complaining about "cheesiness" in this film is missing the point. Superficial characters, cheesy music, and modifications of more critical crises in the life of excess degeneration. There is nothing in the lives of these characters really matter, not on any human level at least. In fact, the film practically saturated borders, ironically regarded all the gangsta rappers that were positively inspired by the form of Tony Montana. This is not Brian DePalma's strongest directive, it is occasionally excellent and well-handled (particularly the final memorable), but often slaughtered sloppy and deceived. Fortunately, it is supported by a very strong script by Oliver Stone (probably good therapy for her, considering the Coke habit she has addressed at the time). The terms are consistent, with the focus primarily on the life of Tony Montana, and the evolution of his character as it is burned by greed and power. The dialogue is excellent, seen-uncomfortable between humor and drama. There are many stand-out lines, which have since wormed their way into popular culture in one form or another. <br /> <br /> Help in cast to make it what it is as well, but this is really Pacino's movie. One of his earliest subtle performances (something more common in his hand nowadays), this is an entirely separate world of Michael Corleone and Frank Serpico. But it is as watchful here as ever, in the very entertaining (and intentionally over-the-top) form. It's hard to imagine another Tony Montana after seeing this movie, possibly one of the most mimicked performances ever. Pfeiffer stood out as dirty and uncomfortable at first glance, but I came to realize how she plays out part of the little bored wife. It is not an exceptional, but unjustly despondent effort. The players are also very good, particularly Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa's follow-up. <br /> <br /> Powerful, occasionally funny, sometimes shocking, and continuously controversial. "Scarface" is one of the movies in the eighties (all that might mean you). An essential and accessible gangster flashlight, with a populous landmark culture. 9/10
