Released as Santropa in North America to avoid confusion with its own European Holocaust European film Europe, this third theater feature by a never-ending surprise, inspire or outright shock movieplay is a rare, nostalgic, elaborate film on an American naive in Germany shortly after the end of WWII. The American, called Leo, does not fully find what he is doing. He came in anticipation of fixing up the country since, in itself, it's over time Germany has shown some charity. No matter how sounding, it is not a Nazi sympathy or as many as pro-German, simply mixing them. His uncle, who works on the railroad, gets Leo a job as a hummer on a sleeping machine, and he is increasingly enmeshed in a whirlwind of Germany's 1945 Hunger and Enigma. This progress begins when Leo, played rather memorably by the calm restless actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets a hot heir to the train playing by Barbara Sukowa, an actress and kindness on the surface but internal vigor. He seduced him and took him home to meet his family, who owns the company that manufactures the trains. These are the exact tracks that took Jews to their death during the war, but now they run a day-to-day drab expansion, and uncle Kessler's woman postures as another one of those good Germans who just did work. There is also Udo Kier, the tremendous actor who has blown me away from the shocking outbreak of Van Trier's movie, though here it is only scenery. <br /> <br /> Another guest at home is Eddie Constantine, an actor and a quiet force, playing an Indian manly intelligence man. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a criminal war, though he is all completely bewildering to Leo. Americans have been characterized as gullible rubles from the elements for decades, but little have been more blithely unconcerned than Leo, who goes back to his work on what gradually looks like his own customized train. The story is said in a way that is not coordinated by Danish film director Lars Von Trier, whose anchors are in the enchanting film and cinematography editing. He shoots in black and white and color, uses double displays, optical effects and trick photography, having actors interact with projected footage and puts his characters inside a sharp jelly world so sometimes feel like insects, holding between glasses for our more accurate surveys. This Grand Jury Prize-Winning Works is algebraic, but maybe in a distinct tone for every viewer. I interpret it as a recent film by the Nazis, symbolized by the train, with the responsibility of American ethics and others who have appeared too late to salvage their martyrs in those trains and camps where they distributed the shiploads sentenced. During the time of the film, with the Nazi state, and the significance of the train, they died, but as their decapitation chickens persist in pulling of their reflexes. <br /> <br /> Characters, music, dialogs, and plots are deliberately harvested and almost saturated to procure from movie noir conferencing. Most entrancing the points in the movie are their whole cinematographic. The two trains stand back and forth, Barr on one and Sukowa on another. An underwater injection in proliferation. An impressive expression of what it must be like drowning. And most metaphysically affected by all, an anesthetic injection into railroad tracks, as Max von Sydow's voice attracted us hark back to Europe with it, and abandoned our personal compassion.
