For some reason, this movie has never returned to its original language in my course in the Woods (despite having the TCM UK channel channel, which broadcasts the weekly titles MGM titles). More irritating, it's still M.I.A. about DVD ?? even since they announced "Box Western Classics Collection" which announced "Warners" Box Set (including 3 other Robert Taylor genre efforts); Maybe they're saving it for a "Signature Collection" eventually devoted to this stalwart at MGM, which may come next year in time for the 40th anniversary of his passing ?? <br /> I say that because the movie allows him a vicious villainous role as a selfish Westerner and a hatred fan of Indians and who opts to exploit his shooter expression by making some easy money hunting buffaloes; An opening statement offers the alarming statistics that the population of this species has reduced from 60 million to 3,000 in the space of just 30 years! As an associate, Taylor selects on former professional trading Stewart Granger ?? who gathers alcohol, peg legged Lloyd Nolan (who constantly disguises Taylor's irresistible and retaliatory) and young half-crossed Russ Tamblyn at the end of this. As expected, the company's relationship is an unstable one ?? reminiscent of the center of the ninja spur Anthony Mann (1953), another weak open-air MGM West. The film, in fact, rounds the appetite to the taste and harshness of Man's work in this field (although Brooks's first excerpt was just a handful of such trips, but that, cumulative, exhibited a remarkable diversity); Here, too, the narrative launches into a female presence (Debra Paget, also a half-crossed) to be concentrated between the two rugged drives ?? and Granger, like James Stewart of Spark NAKED, return to his work only grudgingly (his remorse to have buffaloes kill for sports only and profit effectively achieved). <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers from seeing Taylor take paget for himself ?? He bravely but fraternal supported his approach, while secretly craving for Granger ?? and let his frustration over the locals at a bar while drinking! Taylor, himself, does not come out unscathed in the deal: like the protagonist of the treasure of SIERRA MADRE (1948), he becomes dissatisfied and jealous of his associate, especially related to something rare. and, therefore, costly ?? hide a white buffalo kept; he even went to Buffalo-crazy at a point (as predicted by Nolan), gets deluded in the thunderstorm for the feet of a mass approaching species! The top hunting scenes are impressive ?? buffaloes stampeding, tumbling into the ground when striking, endless line-up to catch the day, and the corpses immediately infested the meadows. The atypical but memorable pain, then, is fairly famous: and winter in full swing, a nun-parody Taylor comes out for the blood Granger lies in wait outside a cave (in which the letter and Paget are taken shelter) shoot it; when Granger appeared in the morning, she discovered Taylor in a hunched position ?? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> Incidentally, my father owned a copy of the novel source for this (by Milton Lott) from the time of the original movie release: actually, has he collected a vast number of these editions? ? it is, after all, a practice still in vogue ?? where a book is re-encouraging its cinematic adaptation. Likewise for the record, Taylor and Granger ?? which works very well with each other here ?? has already been associated (as sibling whale hunter!) in the sailing adventure of ALL THE VALUENTS (1953) ?? That, enough curiosity, is just as difficult to see (in fact, even more so, considering that it has not even been shown on Italian TV for what looks like age) !!
