William Castle is notorious among horror fans as the B-grade director in the 1950s and 60s. His Guinean, his prized cut-off technique and his unique vision are legendary. It comes as no surprise, so that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, who made countless documentaries) would finally take the time to devote a documentary to his greatness. These are "Spine: The Story of Castle William". <br /> I had a general understanding of which Castle was, she saw some of her films over the years. I did not know anything about his personal life, his goals and ambitions. This movie really styled out the man and gave me a fuller appreciation for the devotion he had for the craft of making film and his contribution to the horror genre. The film depicts Castle as its rivals Alfred Hitchcock, and Hitch were the artist who wins praise while Castle is the carnival barker in the carnival, but much less respect. It's an icon of all the second-rate directors out there, which is why it's not surprising that John Waters is important featured here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have the role.) His gigicks have been driving his fame, and the documentary takes great pain to explain, which is crucial for those who are too young to remember. The 3-D remainder of "13 ghosts" (see separate reviews), the buzzer in the chair for the "Tingler" (see separate review), money back guarantee for "homicidal" ... watching these movies now out The theater, we can judge them for content (which, personally, I still enjoy) but we can not fully appreciate what audience once felt. <br /> <br /> The climax of the film is when Castle goes from cult director to Hollywood producers. Did you buy the rights of the "Baby Rosemary", he is set in a very special place to negotiate his movie release. Hoping directly, it is sidelined producers in order to make way for the new director of Roman Polanski. While in first shame, this proves to be one of the best opportunities in his life - a hugely successful film, and a work of excelling at. Who is best to control the suitcase of wildlife Polanski than a penny-penny castle? This is to be his Christian success, though unfortunately the movie is most often connected to Polanski than Castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of her years played out, and we are given personal reflection by her daughter and niece. Across the board, everyone seems nothing but praise to the man. Somewhere on the road, he surely crazy one or two people, but you would never know it from this movie. And I find that get - this is a celebration of Bill's life, not "E! True Hollywood Story". Fans of the genre would do well to pick up a copy of this work. <br /> I would personally recommend picking up the William Castle Collection, which has not only this but eight of the film's film in it, and many of the special features. Even this documentary comes with an audio comment so you can hear how Black has been personally impacted by Castle, and have the Terry daughter of the Castle providing a reflection to running through his experiences with the different films and remittances. It's almost a whole new movie.
