Richard Brooks' The Last Hunt was a movie star Stewart Granger was not even heard heard to mention ?? he even tore up an ancient poster for the movie when presented to sign in later years ?? but then the director was running with his wife, so he understood. For anyone else this is one of the best in the adult Westerns of the 50s, and years ahead of its time in its attitude to the environment. In many ways she plays almost like an end to one of the Western Man's Westerns who see their hero dragging them kicking and screaming against each step in the way. Here is legendary Gruff's Buffalo Hunter's already seen light, but after a buffalo debut he cattle his creatures in a fit of poetic justice, he was dragged back to the darkness by Gunslinger angry with prideful racist Robert Taylor, justified It's on the grounds that "I've already had the guilty conscience. I might as well have the money as well." Increased by Indians, it is fully aware of the damage it does as the Buffalo rulers disappear for extinction, and gradually become almost as burning with self-hatred as Taylor is hated. When did the two men fall on Debra Paget's debate? The sole survivor of a band of Indian Taylor killed? With a hidden buffalo white that prevents hunters and Indians for very different purposes, a confrontation becomes inevitable, though the outcome certainly is not. Taylor is certainly ironic casting ?? Granger has turned down many of the MGM season's roles developed for him in films such as Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe who gave his 50s network Taylor after years of steady decline. Her hair color can not convince her performance, a deep and violent man so burns and hates that he does not wear a gun, the gun is wounding him. Granger's acceptance is not always compelling, but it does make a good hero of Jimmy Stewart's mold, trying to keep hold of his novelty acting and reconciling his actions and beliefs before finally getting a chance to make compensation. Toublyn half skeleton Russ Tamblyn and Lloyd Nolan's one-legged-old-timer also provide as good as they get, but the real star is the script: well counted with an excellent eye and character ?? not to mention an end Stanley Kubrick borrowed from the shining ?? It balances historical revisionism and funny drama without ever selling either short. The new French DVD is extra-free but boast a 2.35: 1 transfer with an English band.
