Although I'm not usually going for happy fare like this, I've got to catch the 1994 version of ANGLES in the OUTIT (AitO) on cable one Saturday Saturday just as it started. When I was a fan of Adrien Brody, I was curious to see what Brody was like as a teenager at 21 (20 when she was filmed, I suppose) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling, the California Influenced Utility Utility (In the original 1951, the hard-luck baseball team is Pittsburgh Pirates. The name change is a nice touch, since it turns the title into wordplay). I decided to give the flick a chance, and it turned out to be a very painful experience, even amiable, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweetness, and baseball based excitement. Also, my 7-year-old daughter loved the angels' effect! :-) Led by frequent collaborator Mike Nesmith of William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a foster child who prays real hard after his ne'er-do-good father (convincingly sleazy Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically said they will be a family once the last place California Angels have the winning. Soon Roger begins to see the real angels in the Angels game, led by Christopher Lloyd, who has usual zany, irreverence to hold AitO out of the unstoppable plot of the Schmaltz area. Crusty manager George Knox (world-exhausted Danny Glover, exasperated mode) is a hard soldier, but once the team starts to win, he believes Angel's angel, and soon Knox has Roger and his beautiful pal and fellow kid adoptive JP (adorable Milton Davis Jr.) in each game for good luck. Knox even begins toning down his own temperament and layman language, as much to appease the angels as for the sake of children, causing a bit silly when it comes to dressing down a referee in his usual way, but starting to edit himself as his go along. Obvious predictive objects, such as Sports Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders), are trying to make Knox trouble because of the angles angle. Sure, it all works out fine for our heroes in the end, but they're so darn endearing you do not mind! :-) Baby Faced Brody has a couple of good lines (I especially like her exchange with Glover on the emotional impact of the National Human in a ballgame) as well as a cute little place where a beautiful angel blonde massage shoulder before he goes up to beat. Brody is not only the starry star of AitO's lineup: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course, young Gordon-Levitt went to co-star on the third ROCK TV from the Sun as well as film like 10 things I hate you. Taylor Swan's always-fun and Oscar Winner (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson lend themselves to support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie suitable for children and check out some notable youth attorneys before they become stars, AitO '94 will be nicely.
