First of all, let me comment that the audience LOVED it from the first moment. Maybe the current Middle East event directed people to take the mood, "I came for a comedy and by George I will enjoy it." but for whatever reason, everyone seemed really in the comedy of it. The last time some Woody tried to make a straightforward comedy (Little little Crooks, Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollywood ends) I felt like one-Material felt overwhelmed with a bit old. I remember thinking at one point, "That would be funny in the early sixties." So, going to this movie, I was scared to Woody came deaf, however, in one of his comic sensibilities was in perfect melody. Admittedly, there were so many of my fellow AARP cards that I brought folks in the screening, but there were also many 20-somethings and 30-somethings as well, and they all seemed to get it and give up laughing the occasional sale of addition The many guffaws, chuckles and the like. In many cases, cast-away people have laughed so loudly you miss the next line. Thereby, Woody has been familiar with land. As I suspect that from the trailer, this film had a lot of Mystery Mystery Manhattan in it, but then again, there was more than one smidgen in the Oedipus (New York Stories), Alice, and even a little little paid tribute to Broadway Danny Rose at the very beginning. <br /> Same and Woody in the movie, Scarlett, as Sondra, was, at Woody-Proxy's time but her character was far from the Nebbish who, say, Did Ferrell give us to Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried in Celebrity. Instead of archetypal and curious ticks, Sondra's Nerdishness comes directly to the family's story that he shares happily about. On many occasions the "family business" brought it to malapropisms that we get as a hearing, while the characters on the screen can only see them as strange non-secrets. Since we all are on the joke, we can not help but laugh. But the laughs do not come from recognizing the woody nebbish, but really of the character. To a great extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow in front of him, Scarlett is not required to use the Woody Voice to assume the role of Woody. So we do not get ourselves torn from the narrative as Woody's voice suddenly results from someone else's face. <br /> <br /> As my friend commented on the way out, South, the character played by Woody, is a support role, but more center-step than I expected to be in. However, this time Woody looks like wrote a character that really fits it's current character. Unlike his character Ed Dobel bar in anything else, or his blind director of Hollywood Fini, this time the character is a comfortable fit. Perhaps most importantly, this time the character works in the story. In the high circles to find themselves in, it is even more fish-out-of-water than Scarlett, which is used great comedy effect at all. South is a decline, itinerant magician plays small audiences, but the fact that it is from another era put forward and center for our fun. <br /> But what about Jackman? What about McNane's (Swearengen)? I liked both of them to the extent that they were used in the piece. I particularly like McShane's turn, but effective. Jackman is good and ease of "Money Money" has been so often described in films from 50 years ago. (Classroom Echoes from Rose Red Rose in Cairo?) <br /> So what I thought? Short answer, possibly the best of her comedy since the 1994 Bullet on Broadway. Less Stylized than Aphrodite Warrior. Less Foolish than Deconstructing Harry. Less forced than Little Crooks time or Hollywood ends. Woody finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st Century.
