Come immediately on the heels of Match Point (2005), a fine if a repetitive head piece of "Woody serious," Scoup gives hope to the new but hand-in-hand handwriting of followers (amongst whom I number myself ) that the master found once again his form. A string of disappointing efforts, culminating in the sad Melinda and Melinda (2004) and embarrassing anything Else (2003) raised serious doubt that another first Woody comedy rate, with or without his own participation as an actor, was in four them. Fortunately, the cards turn out of a tarot deck that serves as the clever Maguffin scoop and avails an optimistic reading for the future of Woody Allen comedy. Even more encouraging, Woody's self-casting - Unfortunately one of the weakest elements in his film in recent years - is here a bit inspiring in self-esteem as well as a modest recognition at last that he can not Play romantic drive with young women enough to be his daughter or grandson. In Scoop, Allen strangely gives himself the role of South Waterman, an aging magician and cheap tricks and tired step-patter who, much like Woody himself, carried his act in London, where audiences - if not more receptive - are at least more polite. Like the Calvero Chaplin at Limelight (1952), South Waterman gives Allen the opportunity to donate a little distorted masks to an artist whose art has been denied and whose audience is neither big nor appreciated. In addition, because they look like Character, Allen's ticks and prolonged predecessors are less distracted here than they were in some time. <br /> <br /> Waterman's character also works smoothly in the plot. Fake magic body-dissolved it becomes the irony possible place for visits from Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a notorious journalist muckraker and recent cardiac arrest victim. Designed on a ferryboat-to-hades Styx River, Strombel repeatedly jumps ships because it just can not rest in eternity without communicating a recent "effect" on the identity of the notorious "Tarot Killer." Unfortunately, his first return from the dead led him to show Waterman's magic and the channel only for his warm lead turned out to be a bachelor journalist, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who called up from the audience as a funny butt for the climactic magician trick. Sondra ammonia surprised the opportunity of journalism and Waterman's shooter to hesitate to investigate to play the role of his millionaire dad. As demonstrated by the loss of translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and querulous by-playing between her and Allen is very fun - and all the more so never threatening to become a prelude to romance. Scoop's Crusader's Assassin Series, involving grisly murder of prostitutes and a suspect aristocratic ruler, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is no doubt the predictable result of the long exposure of Allen's Jacket London's Landmarks Landmarks and Lakes. But other aspects of scoops (as in Match Point) also derive from late Woody's life and English culture. Its classroom structure, behavior, idioms, clothing, architecture, and, yes, driving habits specifically provide Woody fresh new materials for observing Wry of human behavior as well as sharp social satire. When, for example, Sondra tries to ingratiate himself with Peter Lyman at a private club club, Waterman observes "from our point of view we scum." A good deal of humor is also produced by the contretemps of stiffly British social-policy regulations encountered Waterman's insistence on Borscht-belt joining plebeianism. And, then, of course, there's Waterman's hilarious exit in a Smart Car that he can not remember driving on the left side of the road. As usual, Allen's humor of scoops included heavy dose of in-joke, taking the form of sly film and literary sighs as well as, increasingly, referring to his own filmography. In addition to Jack's ubiquitous Ripper references, for example, the film band dominated by an arrangement at Grieg's "Hall of the King's Mountain," compulsively whistled by Hans Beckert in M, the first prince of the series series genre . The post-funeral meeting of journalists discussing the exploits of newly-flown Joe Strombel clearly reproduced the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References for Harry Dekonstruir (1997) include the use of death as a character (along with his peculiar voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as a character, and mentioned at Adair University (Harry's "alma mater" and Sondra places is now a student). In addition, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the mid-river cruise of Hades recalls the use of Greek gods and a chorus of Aphrodite Mighty (1995). As the connoisseur gag, Allen's scripts depend less on one-liner than they did earlier in his career, but Scoop does give at least a couple of them memorable. In a question about his religion, Waterman replied: "I was born to persuade the ewet, but later I converted to narcissism." And Sondra master off this set-down wannabe wannabe crime-detect: "If we put ourselves together you will hear a hollow noise." All in all, Scoop is by far the most satisfying Woody Allen comedy in a decade.
