Something happens to Sondra Pransky when she enters the magician's box on the stage in a London theater. Little Sondra knows the newly-created journalist Joe Strombel demanding to investigate the man who told him about his journey to another dimension, being the killer Tarot assassin on a crime crime in London. The only problem is the accused man, for all appearances, a respectable upper class. When Sondra tells his experience at the Great Splendini, who is South Sid Waterman, the magician is stunned, but decides to go along. The two would be P.I.s encourage an invitation to a club where Peter Lyman goes to swim. Sondra, who is fake she drowning, captures the attention of this couple, who wants to see more of her. <br /> <br /> Obviously, the two will be found in all sorts of funny situations until the mystery is revealed at the end of the movie. Little does the real killers of Divinor thinking he can dig a Resident Sondra who proves himself to be more resource than he has given his credit. The result is a perfect summer movie and a lot of laughs that just what a person needs to get from the heat to a perfect time in a cool theater. Woody Allen has done better, and yet, this sunny comedy will embarrass him for past failures. In "Scoop", Mr. Allen took her head from the romantic lead to her gorgeous leading lady. His trading gesture brand is something that the funny man will never get rid of, since it appears to be its trade mark. The film has some criticisms of one criticism that will go over the top of the viewers who might not pay attention. Scarlett Johansson, the beautiful star of "Scoop", seems to be the perfect paper for Woody Allen. He plays the right part while Mr Allen does his shtick, a perfect combination. Both are excellent in complaining of the movie. Mrs. Johansson is a knockout beauty in her bathing suit, although dressed her so dowdy at most of the costumes she put on the screen. Hugh Jackman is like Peter Lyman a sophisticated man on town and pedigree right. She makes a good look at the movie as this man chases Ms. Johansson. Ian McShane plays the Deputy Fleet journalist dead on his way to eternity. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a light film for thanks to hot and humid summery Woody Allen.
