Greet again from the darkness. Remember all "What happened to Woody Allen?" Joke? Even Mr. Allen poked fun at the fans who wanted him to continue doing the same thing as "funny" movie. Like any great artist, Mr. Craft The Allen evolved over the years and lost some fans, while riding others. Chief last year's "Matchpoint" showed he is still every bit as important and intensely as he was in the days of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". What most hit our 40 plus year fans is that Mr. New York himself seems to have a bit of a break on Mother Country. Apparently he actually loves England! While filming "Matchpoint", Mr. Allen has become romantic with Scarlett Johansson and his real life spirit and sense of humor. This motivation motivates him to write his best comedy in the years. Scarlett, while overexpure risks, must provide credit for not only picking movies that cast it into some celebrity lights. He does not fear to look and act like a real person. In "Scoop", it shines some real on screen comedy scrubs, and, in many scenes, delivers real punchline to Mr. Allen's right man. Of course, anytime Mr. Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he will find out more than sharing it in one material and the social commentary - which is fine, because some do it best. Great job support at Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman gives some glimpses in why many of us thought he was the best choice to replace Brosnan as new Bond. Like most of Allen's films, the star is the script, by the actors. Although Scarlett delivers superbly here and it is a beautiful contrast to Allen's polished and jackman, what makes this krackle one is the dialogue ... especially the ranging between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big fan of Woody's fans, do not be afraid. It limits its screen time and is quite effective, except in two or three short scenes that are almost out of place. Another Woodman tradition is a brilliant music background and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the Strauss composition. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a beautiful cross between "Annie Hall" and the best of the Marx movie fees or the Cary Grant Committees. Yes it is an adult comedy, but it is actually very nice ... especially for a serial killer and comedy ghost comedy !!
