I was lucky enough to get a free pass to a screening of 'Skoup' last night. Full house in the theater and when the movie ended spontaneously. I did not talk to anyone 'nude' scoop although adolescents sat around me sighing and fidgeted comfortably for most of the movie. They were the exception though because everyone else I really enjoyed themselves. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is a quick ritm of mystery mystery. A teenage student journalist without basically maneuvered by the force beyond his control of trying to hold a serial killer on the loose. Many rogue insurgents as it partnered up with an illusionist traveling and fell in love with a noble Hebrew and good young. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is not a bad addition to the Woody Allen Filmography. It is not her best job, but it is a very enjoyable and light heart coupons. I would say it fits well in being an average film Woody Allen, right in the middle of the pack. If you're a fan of Woody Allen you'll probably enjoy yourself. If you're indifferent to his work then 'Skoup' might be enough to get you interested in seeing more. I do not think anyone who dislike his style of film-making and act will change their minds. Woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we grew so familiar although it borders dangerously close to force and on the top of this movie. While potentially aggravated for some people who might find themselves wishing he would hurry up, he just spit out these words, fans Woody Allen knows what to expect. <br /> <br /> Performance is very good all around in my opinion although I found myself missing Ian McShane that is excellent and not about camera almost enough. Hugh Jackman is great as noble and I think Woody Allen found a new regular star to work with Scarlett Johansson. I think that with this "Point Point" is second complement and it's just magical and the material that Woody gives it. Could be the start of a nice relationship! I'm glad I've seen the movie and definitely recommend it. More sophisticated comedy than films like 'Scary Movie 4' so if your brand of comedy is the letter rather than the former, 'Scoop' is probably not for you. If, on the other hand, you like a touch of class, sophisticated and fun, 'Skoup' is for you. Probably not Woody movie in Allen I would introduce to a new but everyone else should give it a try.
