"Scoop" is also the name of a late-Thirty Evelyn Waugh novel, and the new movie Woody Allen, though wearing today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. It does not have the depth of characterization, intense performance, suspense or shocking final friction of Allen's penultimate efforts at "Point Match," (discussed by many, including this review, to be a strong return to form) but "scoop" seems so much to Allen's last trip through its focus on English aristocracy, chic London flat, murder, and detection. This time Woody leaves behind the arriving genre of arrivals and returns to comedy, and is heading back on the screen as a friendly vaudevillian, a magician called South Waterman, the Great Splendini Scene, which counts some snobs' probe and , "I used to be in the Hebrew conviction, but as I got older, I converted to narcissism." Following a revelation among Splendini's standard demolition act, and Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky) volunteered at the audience, the fear mismatched to get drawn in an attempt to kill Ace journalist in post-mortem to score one last top news story. On the corner of Styx Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) who just met the shadow of Lyman's son-in-law, who says he was poisoned, and told him the sound sonic son Peter Lyman's sonic son ( Hugh Jackman) was murdered by Tarot Card, a London serial killer. Sondra and Sid instantly become an amateur pair of ami. With the South Trumpet and Sondra's breastfeeding beauty, they cut off a rapid swim in the aristocracy of London. Woody is not pawing her heroine - as in "Match Point," Johansson again - as in the past. This time additionally Scarlett is not an ambitious sexpot and would-be movie star. It's amazing morphed in a clutzy, outlook, but still very close. South and Sondra have no flirtation, which is a great relief. They simply team up, more or less polite, carry out Strombel's wishes by befriending Lyman and watching him for clues to his guilt. And South Minimal manifestations agree to be like Sondra's father. Sondra, who's captivating Peter does not pretend to drown in his club pool, re-Christian himself Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, ie, Woody, keeps breaking the lid by performing four tricks, but he entertains dowagers with these and beat their husbands in poker, spewing non-stop one-piece material and all while holding, apparently and Successful, that it is in oil and precious metals, as "Jade" said he said. <br /> <br /> That's all about having it, or all that can be said without spoiling the story by revealing its results. At Allen's first decision to make Johansson a gauche, naively plenn, and seriously dressed college girls seem not just sick, but an all-around wrong decision. But Johansson, who has been hacked and pinned as an actress, miraculously managed to bring her, was helped by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress appear desirable, if she wants it. The film actually creates a sense of relationship, making up its limited range of characters: South and Sondra epic in a friendly way, and Peter and Sondra have a credible attraction even though it's artificial and attached (it is, after all, going in bed with someone suspected of being suspected). What palls a bit is the Allen again drooling about English and class riches, things Brooklyn backgrounds seem to have left him, despite all his celebrities, and an environment environment. Jackman is an impressive, celebrity and superbly fellow. Her parents were English. But is this athletic music comedy star raised in Australia (the "X-Man" Wolverine) really passed as an aristocrat? Only in the movies, perhaps (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). This is not like a movie like "Point Point", but they say it's a loser as some viewers have is quite wrong. It has no more than one half-hour or half-hour radio broadcast, but Woody's jokes are far funnier and more original than you'll find in any of these media, and sometimes show a return to the end old and intelligent. It does not matter if a movie is funny or slapdash when it's disturbed summer entertainment. On a hot day you do not want a heavy meal. The whole delightful thing to recall a time when film cinemas were really light scapers, no jokes or bomb effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. The critics are eager to tell you this is a return to Allen's decline before "Match Point." Do not believe them. It does not try too hard. Why should he? It can be 70, but verbally, it's still light on his feet. And his body moves very quickly.
