I really did not watch this show often when I was a kid but the first episode I remember ever seen is the episode where Kimmy Gibbler pierced Stephanie ear. when I started high school back in 2000. I had problems all across high school and would rather not get through that. but I used to always look saved by the bell but showing really reminding me of the problems I faced in the school, and she rarely showed the kids the parents. Saved by the bell is okay, but not a good family show. a few days after I graduated high school in 2004. I turned the TV into the family channel and day after day I had been addicted to the whole house. I could even push the info button and see the year it came out, I would remember what I did during this time period. The episode was about to come over and he titled "Blues Birthday" and this day it is favorite episode, it's sad, with a happy end, and you see Kimmy Gibbler in a way he does not act in other episodes, she actually shows her serious side. I have season 1,2,3,4,5, and 6 about DVD and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I wanted somehow to have a documentary and some comments from the cast members. I do not know why some people have a hatred for showing this because you do not see garbage and violence on this show. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you might have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but full of home my opinion is a heavenly family where everyone is happy and good is still happening. and the characters are so scary. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is good natured and still in a good mood. when I was a child I used to be just like Jesse and she is the first actor on television as a guy who is so obsessed with hair. Somehow you can actually say that DJ is a California girl. I really love the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler because it always makes me smile and bright day when I watch it. and Stephanie is so cool. Also I have a hard time saying the twins Olsen apart. I want my kids to watch her one day. but my home is # 1 my favorite show and Sabrina's young witch is my favorite # 2. One day, sometime before I die, I'd really like to meet all the cast in full house of people. The first 3 seasons are as boring but they start to get better in the 4th quarter. I just wanted to be able to make a 9th season. They stopped performing full house in 1995 and in the fall of 1996 Sabrina wizard of youth out (which is a similar family show) but full house is a very loving show and they have good times and bad times, and answers Yes, I understand, if you somebody like a wild trashy you go to hate this show, but this is a show for happiness and is also showing moral. also I would like to say that the first 3 seasons are showing good kid but around the 4th and 5th and Stephanie turns young. Also, I noticed, not only with home full, but a lot of shows, they never talk about the issues of the world and politics, such as full-time air being on the air during the Golf Gulf in 1991 and during the time in the Oklahoma city bomb in 1995, never mentioned anything about it. also steve was my favorite DJ companion, the ones with viper and nelson were'nt very interesting. but season 5 and 6 I think they are the best. I just wanted to have made a 9th season because, she left a big question mark in my head, because in the last episode of the last minute, DJ became a surprise and went to his bullets with my old steve boyfriend, i always wonder if they came back together. and I loved how in the final seasons, DJ has always been one of responisable and stephanie has always wanted to do something daring, as in the episode "Stephanie's Wild Ride"
