I have never seen a good home show. Full House puts in the latest show shame, great time! Anyone who has never seen it, which I do not see how it is possible, should see it. It's a great show for anyone at any age. Full House will make you laugh, it will make you cry, it will be amazed. True, some people feel that there are some "cheese" aspects in the show, but positive aspects come from pressing all the "cheese" aspects. Full House won it at the first episode on September 22, 1987 which called "Our First Show" and run it to the last episode on May 23, 1995 that called "Michelle Boost Again Part II". is very credible. Danny Tanner (Bob Saget) losses his wife, Pam, in an accident involving a drunk driver. Danny has his brother in law, Jesse Katsopolis (John Stamos), who is Pam's younger brother, and Danny also brings to his best friend Joey Gladstone (Dave Coulier) to help him lift his three daughters. Son Danny is called DJ (Candice Cameron-Bure), Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin), and Michelle (Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen) .Joey and Jesse plan on moving in with Danny and her three girls for a few months just help out and finish living with them for eight years; which is the number of years the show runs out. The following is a brief description of some of the characters and the actress / actress who played his / her: John Stamos (Jesse): John Stamos is a great actor. She plays Jesse. Isaiah is a rock star waiting to find his rest. In Full House, John Stamos does a great job showing his character. He watched and played music like his idol, Elvis Presley. Bob Saget (Danny): Bob Saget is also a great actor. He looses his wife in car crash involving a drink driver. She has got three girls without having the girl the girl. Bob Saget does a great job showing a single parent who works all the time and still has time to raise his three girls. Dave Coulier (Joey): A word can describe Dave Coulier, comic. It is great. Playing the character of Joey was perfect for him. He does a great job playing the comedy stand-up waiting for his crush. Candice Cameron-Bure (DJ): It's a tremendous actress. She plays the oldest sister, DJ who is short for Donna Jo. It is one of the best actresses I've ever seen. Capacity to act in complete House was very credible. Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie): Two simple words describe Jodie Sweetin, incredibly amazing! I wish I could tell everything that I would like to say about Jodie, but I would use up to 1000 words just over it. He started reading a Goose Story Stories and when he came to Full House, he blew the audience with the idea of ​​the creator. Great looks like absolutely amazing ability helped make the show of success in that he was. According to Dave Coulier, Jodie was supposed to star in the show. It was supposed to be where he was going to get his big break. Jodie, in five years old when the first show revealed, was able to hit each line perfectly. He showed great enthusiasm. Most young people can not do this. As you probably guess, Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie) is my favorite character in Full House. <br /> <br /> Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen (Michelle): Great Actress. Full House is where they started. They got part of Michelle because they were the only babies who did not cry while in front of a camera. There are many cast members that should be recognized. These are the original characters from when the show first went through the air in 1987. <br /> <br /> The only negative thing that I can say is how Full House has become the Michelle Show towards end . I think he has focused on it towards the end. Especially when I think Jodie and Candice were better at acting. <br /> <br /> Full House is a great show for everyone. It can teach you a lot. One of the biggest things it can teach you is that everyone can live a great life even if a tragedy, such as losing a family member, occurs. Full House continues to attract new fans. And all this said, there is only one couple left to say; Full House will never die, and, thank you, throw in Full House, to give everyone a show that they can enjoy.
