Thanks to Jymn Magon, creating Disney's best cartoon ever. This show has improved significantly over the years. As a kid, I did not like it because I thought it was a rip-off of Ducktales, which was my favorite Disney thing at the time (like Grandmoffromero). Then later on though it was good, but not great. But after reading the reviews here, I decided to give it another chance & bought the DVD series & watch the entire pilot the first day I got it, & was very jamy surprised. It's still my favorite episode, although the series has lived up to it. And at the end of disk 1, I knew this was going to be a top ten. <br /> <br /> The characters are so complex & good. My favorite was to be Wildcat. It is absolutely hilarious and sweet in boots. My next favorite is Baloo, the best pilot on the show. I can see why 'ol Jymn was building the show around her. Then it's Kit Cloudkicker. He & Baloo has the best relationship in the series. And Louie. Jim Cummings did a perfect job to imitate the original voice. After him, Rebecca. She made me laugh very difficult, and I believe she and Baloo eventually marry. And finally (for the heroes), Molly. Although it is my youngest favorite, I still love it. I think it's a very nice character (better than Webby from Ducktales). And the villains were very original. Don Carnage and Pirates when it always crack me, Kahn is ice-cold and ruthless, and Thembrians are always at least fun .. <br /> <br /> As said before, the stories vary from hilarious (Time to wait for Non Bear, Romance of Chimp Chimp) has nothing short of touching (the Old Man and the Seaduck, Lost Paradise), in fun, funny and interesting adventures (In search of ancient blunders & my favorite for whom the Klang sounds). These are just a few of my favorite episodes. Anyway, Talespin is Disney's best, aside from Gummi bear Some reason for that? GB had a decent amount of my favorite characters (Cubbi), while TS did not have enough of Wildcat. But at the end of the Talespin remains a classic. BOTTOM LINE - 10/10 6th best cartoon ever.
