Like most other reviews I saw this first movie (on TV, never on the big screen), when I was a teenager. My dad still considers this film very much and recommends it to me then, and I must say it's not just right, but this movie has stayed with me forever in more than 2 decades since I saw it first time. I've seen it two or three more times since then (just a few days ago I gave it another look) and it has not lost anything to its impact and time. It's still a great and well worth to see movie! Peckinpah 's peer Peckinpah regard to the RIDE High Country as one of the first and the best later west, which has a realistic look of life in the old west, but he knew the chance LAST HUNT is definitely the best movie and he was even half a dozen years earlier. Actually it was probably 3 decades ahead of its time, or maybe it still is ... Although hard thinking and having certainly seen 100s in the west (I love this genre) I can not remember any western as weak and depression like this one. The two men are tied together, in part by hatred, in part not to have other choices, surrounded by lovely Padget Madam, an old man and a young Inian, leading Buffalo life to death until fate reaches for one of them. <br /> <br /> No one ever saw this film will be able to forget its finish with the recent boards of this gem. When the camera moves on and away from Mr. Taylor a white buffalo skin comes in sight (on a tree) and echoes of the past, when all hatred began, they are present again. Mr. Taylor received his Buffalo, but at the end of the Buffalo he received it. Aside from the top performances of all involved, the smart script and the big dialogue, it should also be mentioned, that the last HUNT is superbly photography, I rarely see a well-injected west (aside from those directed by Anthony Mann, which is also all superbly photographed), that everywhere are cleverly selected and that even the band fits the picture very well. <br /> <br /> And BROOKS director is really a wonderful storyteller. Master of profession! He has done quite a couple of really great movies and has been successful in almost every imaginable genre, but even in a prolific career as this one, the HUNT has always shone as one of his best, if not its best. <br /> Definitely would deserve a higher rating, compared to the 7-something RIDE PEI HIGHLY ENJOYED.
