If you are watching this show for the first time, you can start asking if you are in an alternate reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Interesting dialogue? Plots that seem to have some depth, even create the atmosphere of suspense and drama at times? I mean, this is a child showing union rights? This is the venue that has brought children drek like "Pokemon", "Pepper Ann", "Power Rangers Mighty Power," and "VR Troop" (please note that three of the above mentioned titles are kwass exports Japanese, courtesy of the Fox network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you are just taking samples of the quality ticket price that was available to children during the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period should be "transformers", "Garfield and friends", "Captain power", and "C.O.P.S." (a PA cartoon must be confused with the live action show on Fox). In addition to these first examples, Disney has also returned to your Childrens Program, coming up with a program called "The Afternoon Afternoon". In addition to a dumbed-down demonstration called "The Gummi Bears", early shows such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Valley", and "Chip 'N Dale's Rescue Rangers" have given credence to the Disney animation teams Also turn out classic theaters like "The Little Mermaid," "Beauty and the Beast," "The Rescuers Under", and the "Great Mouse Detective". But above all these wonderful things shine "TaleSpin". The Kree "Lightning and Lightning" was a two-hour thrill ride, and won an Emmy. Many of my hobbies, the rest of the episodes were up to the promise of the premiere. While I enjoy the scheme and dialogue, I guess for my greatest attraction are the characters. There is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still falls; Cloudkicker kit, full of pre-teens bitter and optimistic; Louie, with loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since Scotty on the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, beautiful and witty, but with some depths that most children do not have, and of course in the middle of it all, has Baloo, whom I would describe as a slave version of James Bond. This is because every time there are problems, Baloo saves the day with the sleeker-over-the-fastest, fastest-of-all-duck night (Read: Aston Martin James Bond). Of course every great show there are big bandits, and TaleSpin does not disappoint here either. From Megalomania de businesstiger Shere Kahn, in vain and still free when Pirates Don Karnage, in the hilarious and inept Soviet-satirized Thembrians. Animations are good, appropriate music, and episodes (for me) the finest programs that the kids have ever offered. Great fun for the WHO family!
