This film makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what he stands for, and what the LDS church believes. With all of the current media coverage of a certain survivor, the LDS church and the FLDS church and criminal leaks were Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not associated with the LDS church again media group internationally asked for comment on Jeffs in the LDS church. Jeffs not mentioned in the movie all but I think it is ironic that this movie and all it's pointing to Joseph also points out some of the FLDS church and the leaders of the moment in the media world. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and a great one. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeffs and Joseph are described in humanity, Joseph's acceptance and love. Jeffs's views and opinions differ greatly from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and he sees in this movie. Jeffs thinks of "Negro" as devil. Joseph Smith knew that they were children of God and gave his wife's favorite horses to an American Black (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph shows his wife's wife Emma and criticized by a member until Joseph tells her that a man can lose his wife in the next life if he chooses not to stay with her husband and perform their duties as a way to help and care for your wife. Jeffs brought one of his polygamist wives to his knees before a full-fledged class by grooming his braids and twisting it painfully until he became his knees. Finally, Joseph was involved in law enforcement and sought help from the government at all times. Jeffs thumbs his nose in the government and runs all the time. <br /> I loved this movie and if you do not know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS church believes, then this is the movie to see. But if you have confused the LDS Church and the FLDS church then you really need to get your acts together. We are not very different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the Sanctity of marriage and the family, as well as a patriotic of our country and country. We are all different as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists, and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we stand for. This movie tries to show that there are many in Joseph's life that can not be covered in a movie only 2 hours. This was a really great show.
