Warning: mild. <br /> The story of Joseph Smith stands out as an amazing - even moving - episode of American history and religious world history. This film shows events in Joseph Smith's life, of whom Mormon was revered as the Prophet of the restoration of the true Church of Jesus Christ on earth. I was too far to see the movie twice in its first month of public show. Joseph Smith is first shown to be the least of a trio of brothers (Alvin, Hyrum & Joseph) who, at a very young age, need an operation. The surgery, done without our modern awareness, was bloody and tough. The scene helped show Smith's family relationships and good between brothers and between Joseph and his parents. <br /> <br /> Joseph's religious religion and subsequent prayer leads to what Mormonism called the First Vision was interesting to describe. Facing Jesus never shows, but you see the marks unmistakably in his hands. The region is by religious leaders and many of New York's small communities sweat at least a little by Joseph's wedding in Emma. This film does not clear out the events in Mormon's Church history, but simply jumps from scene to scene. This is not a scrutiny - simply a note on the style. The practice of taring and feathers is shown, and it is especially dramatic and moving when Joseph delivers a sermon about the Savior's love and an extreme figure from recently attacked. The mastery film shows together with joy and growth in Mormon as a baby church, while at the same time the ever-deepening opposition that spreads in the heights of local governments. The movie shows many scenes in Joseph's life, including a few nice moments showing his relationship to Emma. It is an attempt to show Joseph's depth and depth of life, including his improbable love for his wife, endless love for the children, his understanding, his courage in facing opposition and dangerous opposition, his religious feelings, and his compassion. <br /> As Joseph and Hyrum climb Carthage, never return home alive, most of the characters from the film, whose lives were touched by Joseph, are shown along the way, helping to boost that already seen but set up the final stage to be more powerful. <br /> In the end, the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum is described, and the cinemas let them meditate on the events they just witness. <br /> When I was first watching the movie I assume that it was done by the Church to introduce Joseph Smith to non-members. I do not think that is the case, although I hope the movie can do just that. As an initiator, I find that the film is a celebration of Joseph and excellent strengthening the good things we already know about it. I'm curious to see how aliens will see the movie - if they will simply see it as propaganda, an epic story of a Indian religious person, or something else. <br /> <br /> The film is beautifully shot, family friendly, moving, and hopefully, a good thing for everyone. That events that have actually occurred in the United States of America are interesting to meditate in light of the many aspects of our culture - including freedom of religious expression and respect (generally) for the law - we are modern to take granted.
