This hard-hit, often violent western side of the Peckinpah / Leone tradition is amazingly directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose Western front (particularly those starred John Wayne) were mostly in John Ford's fashion. It is both amazing (good guys / bad guys) and incredible up-to-date too. <br /> <br /> Heston shows a senior commander of Arizona Territorial Police who has been in retirement for a year, having turned to reinforcing the laws of a Michael-Parks-sheriff and he find ways to strengthen law that was taken on vehicles, telegraphs, phones, and railroads in the first years of the 20th century. But soon, he confronted with a threat to his past - a fantastic half-cross (Coburn) that he was putting away more than a decade before for a train flight that killed four guards. In a subsequent shooting, Coburn's wife died; and so Coburn is out for the most embarrassing sort of revenge. He involves the kidnapping, and, eventually, the rape of Heston's daughter (Hershey) by him and his gang. The result is a prosecution and violent pursuit of the mountains and deserts of Southern Arizona. <br /> <br /> The last hard men, based on Brian Garfield's novel "gun down", is violent in many places, including confrontation between Heston and Coburn, and the rape scene involving Hershey and two members of the Coburn's gang (Quad, Paull) is probably all bit as skeptical as the same scenes of STRAW DOGS and Deliverance. But that does not detect too much terribly in the psychological approach of the Western genre. McLaglen is able to handle the bloody history and significant panache, and Heston's performance as a bargain law was probably the best one he ever gave to any of his 1970s films. Coburn makes for a specially cold-blooded heavy, and both Parks and Chris Mitchum (as Hershey's intentions husband) do well. The music here is glittered in Jerry Goldsmith's score of 100 RIFLES and noticed in 1966 at STAGECOACH, but still works here. Sansely filmed entirely on location in southeastern Arizona, with the use of the Old Tucson series, the latest foods needed to be released by Fox on VHS and / or DVD soon. It is a western deserved nothing less.
