Somewhere near the bottom of the film studio ladder you can find companies such as UFO, Troma and Below are sex ceremonies seduction .. Seduction is a direct video production company specializing in lesbian themes, non-hardcore erotic movies. He has developed a very dedicated fan base to buy each new title as released, but the company's sadness has become too closely associated with often Misty Mundae stars. I say sadly because recent industrial interest and its appearance on the Masters Show in Horrors have caused it to sink it slightly above zero budget S.C efforts that force the company to find a new identity. But back to their glory day, they released this movie on a very appreciated world. <br /> <br /> <br /> The gorgeous Mundae Mundae is forced to attend a school upgraded to the request of an absent father. In the school she meets her warm-up room, played by Ruby Larocca who immediately draws on her, but the Barbara Joyce head has other plans. In the typical S.C style film is suspended every ten minutes for a sex scene extended but unlike most of the one efforts it has a bit of a bit interesting and a couple of good performances. Ms. Larocca seems to be having a great time as the sexual predator considering Misty as a tasty meal with Darian Caine to make an appearance (though short) as Satan. This is the movie sort that Jess Franco would crank out of the 70s (although this one does not have the hardcore sex that Franco has always wanted to throw in for foreign sales) and fans of crazy jobs should have good understanding to give this one a go. For me, as a time zero budget cinema fanatic (and Troma Adorateur), I came across the movie films in the parody films (Playmate of the Saints, Who Wants to be an erotic billionaire) but I actually prefer work more original. You either see past the low budget and occasionally weak acting or you get hung up on things and just hate all those films. For me the most obvious thing that unites these no-budget movies is a real sense of pleasure. These low budget companies can create their own unique style that provides a very different viewer of affinity, by their numbers, studio-based efforts up the multiplex. <br /> If you have never seen a seduction either silk or Sister Sisters (featuring both of the Mundae sisters) are excellent choices to begin with. This one is a fun, fast movie rhythm (although the external shots often in the school get a little old) and the DVD is fully loaded with extras including a tone of projection of other company offerings, a large behind the featurette scene and some deleted scenes including an alternate opening. I recommend you pass on the disk bonus feature, the first movie by director, as it is quite weak and not really worth watching.
