I was lucky enough to watch this without any hype close look. I was amazed at the determination of the ghost's image in my mind the next day, and days later. I watched it 3-4 times, and every time I appreciate it even more. The environments are gorgeous, the city at sunset has beautiful lighting effects, the long swamp shots, and the home itself is sufficiently grown with moss. The main hero is so likable and good natured, that it is easy to sympathize with. For those who complained that there was not enough 'Spark' in this film, I would say it's because the whole battle against the ghost being being led by just one person. It is a fairly impartial movie rhythm, with a weird amount of time spent, close and after attack ghosts, developing its characters and family and working life. SPOILERS DISCUSSION / <br /> I especially love the turn point, when he returned to the main town and satisfied with the man to help him, he explains about seeing the ghost. She described the woman in black, and then at the end of the conversation she said she would come back, because after all, was wrong to do her? The other person says, "you can not go back ... alone!" and borrowers the hero to his dog. The cute little dog offers a small respite of comic relief, and it's the limit of the house and even in the locked room. Many casual appearances in the ghost really freaked me out. The woman shows up among the injection of the church, showing that she is not afraid of the church, and also is not shy or tied to the house. This is all at the very beginning. Another incredible memorable scene was with the kids outside of the church fence, watching the funeral. As the camera pane to the right, the woman is seen in the background of the tombs. The older man will not even look at it, but the kids are all crying and gently. Crreeepy ... Usually ghosts are hidden in shadows, haunting local or person. As they mentioned, the wickedness of the ghost and anger was frightening, and I felt its attack and end up being perfect and completely justified. The finish emphasizes the fact that the hero made a big mistake will not come back home. Or maybe it was marked by this problem, by saving the gypsy girl. The guy who plays the hotel manager is so credible, and really fulfills the role well. I spread the word to my friends about how much I enjoyed this movie, and it is reassuring to see others feel the same. I can see how people do not quite see the same chief, especially if they come in with a lot of hype review. <br /> I think someone else summoned him when they said that this movie remains question whether ghost could be physically harmful. Whew .. I plan to look it again tonight followed by Changeling, ahaww yeah. Any other movie recommended? <br /> Thanks,
