Most horror movies are in reality awesome movie. They get to be even ol'-even ol '. Even the packets of each minute and some cheap thrill (usually 'splatter') and nowadays can pack every second with special motion effects. One of the goals in a really good movie flush is to stop the sense of disbelief at the audience. For example, I've seen both of the latest mummy films and almost have looked dizzyed to look ridiculous every second. It probably costs one million dollars per second to make these movies and my sense of incredulment never stopped, it has grown roots. <br /> <br /> Subtlety can be more dire. Less is more. I saw the first 'Black Woman' on A & E. After flipping through the usual 987 TV channels in my very bad TV, I stopped watching it. This movie almost has the feeling of a 'theater theater' production. That was good for me, I've always preferred British TV and movies anyway. <br /> <br /> Most viewers would find this to be too slow to rhythm. But the slowing slowness helps provide credibility in history. The special effects are some that lulls the viewer to think that this movie is set in the real world so make us a bit more comfortable. The makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and credible. Hollywood would have made him look like a devil in hell with glowing eyes-finger claws etc. Hollywood would make an overkill and turned to this idea in a substandard. The woman only makes about five appearances in the movie. Most are where it looks in the distance and even creates a great fear. If it appeared too often, it could cheapened the mood that came up. However this movie is so well done that in many of the films we're directing to some that it is having the whole time, but not visible. The scene where he 'visits' Arthur Kidd late at night and we see him just a little too close is a masterpiece of horror. <br /> <br /> This is just an extraordinary movie that I think should be as one of the finest movie horrors ever made. I have a copy of 'Haunting', 'Changling' with a plus zillion. I did not see anything the head of 'The Woman in Black' yet although I'm still looking. This film is so well done that it gives even the most stubborn skepticism (like me) a moment where I almost had second thoughts about the non-existence of ghosts. I joke to people that I occasionally found scarcely fears that she could appear standing in the middle of the road or that I would see her staring at my window, etc. Maybe she could be in a crowd at the blatant mall of me with her 'look at hatred. This is how a really great horror film should be. Like a LaFanu woman, the woman in Black is very slowly pulling you in and wrapping herself around your neck and before you realize it, it's pressing the life out of you and then it's too late. There's a criticism that this is done for the small screen ... and it's a terrible shame that this is out of print. I just pay more than $ 40 for the second copy of this movie. It's a great price in my collection. Now I'm on a quest to find a better horror film that not only gives the thrill, but also qualifies a sound drama.
