I was still a great admirer Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite films. This is a movie version of Roegs playing stage and while most of the movie takes place in a hotel room it still has some of Roegs movie cinemas. Its unique story is about a famous actress (Theresa Russell) who after a hard night work on a movie in 1954 went to a hotel to visit a famous teacher (Michael Emil) and together in his hotel room. After a while she wants to go to bed with her, but as they start to get her husband's strip is knocked on the door. Her husband is a famous former baseball player (Gary Busey) and wants to know what's going on. Three of them in the hotel room talk about what's going on and what the future holds for them. Meanwhile, a famous senator (Tony Curtis) is threatening to take away paper teachers if he does not testify at a hearing. Theresa Russell is just excellent and while she is not trying to imitate Marilyn Monroe, she does a wonderful thing in exuding in the phobia and nuances that Monroe is very well known for. Something the movie does show it as not just a woman on the verge of a mental breakdown but shows it as a physical wreck as well. She talked about being able to have children and at one point in the movie she suffered a miscarriage. You can make an excellent case that this is Russell's best performance and I probably would not argue. The movie does something interesting to show many rbits as the characters continue to talk about one thing and in the flashback we see one of several reasons for their actions. Busey also provided a strong, solid performance and reminds me of what a strong characteristic it gives on the screen. Emil as the teacher is a character that has a lot more about himself then we were originally thought. The latest scene in this movie is a demonstration of his dark side! One pointed out to the film for me is the tiny conversation he has with the elevator (Will Sampson in the "Cuckoo Nich") and discuss what Cherokee Indians think about ever. But of course the famous scene in this film is where Russell demonstrates Emil as he understands the theory of relativity and use the toys shown. The teacher is pleased by her demonstration and is ours! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and perform admirable work when they are in collaboration and that's probably the best movie together. Good performances and a very interesting job of leading to doing this a challenging movie and visually inducing film.
