My name is JULIA ROSS is a mystery 1945 b thriller from Joseph H. Lewis, arguing one of the finest directors of Hollywood film noir. This 65-minute Gothic oddity from Columbia Photo came after Lewis's long-awaited apprenticeship as a result of western West Kids Comedy, horror melodrams (including the extremely rare Bela Lugosi shocker GOSI invisible) and studio standards B products (SECRETARY A CO-ED, BOMBS BOMBA, FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, etc.) --- all of which set the scene rather nicely for what was really outdated and invented by Lewis. My name is JULIA ROSS (as well as the SO DARK NIGHT from the following year) featuring a director who has mastered the art of delicate and delicate telling a black story and prompting swiftly and efficiently on the most modest budget. And Lewis production like GUN crazy (1949) and the great COMBO (1955), despite the scope of narrative structures, continue to rely on clay, sophisticated camera work and low-key lighting. With very modest resources. <br /> <br /> My name is JULIA ROSS probably be more tradition in British mystery (she's wearing a studio-bound England) than she does conventional film noir and trappings. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position in the home of an elderly woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days later it got out of a deep sleep in a completely strange home, and, mysteriously enough, with a brand new identity - those of the daughter-to-the-old woman. He said he was the victim of a nervous breakdown, he struggled to grasp the nature and naturally lost hope in his situation. But before long he starts to piece together the strange truth and troubling behind this dark mystery, that his "husband" (still threatening George Macready) most likely murdered his real wife and that he had been deceived in anticipation of a harassment and disaster. Many of these distinguished stories are otherwise modest are the ineligible touches that Lewis brings to production, marking it as the first of its truly serious initiatives as a film director.
