If you're a fan of gothic horror, then you definitely absolutely LOVE this movie the Italian movie cinema 60 "Castle of Blood". We really talk about kreepily creaking doors, strange portraits that appear to be moving, spontaneously dying candles although there's no wind and smoke coming from under heavy wooden doors. Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style, this mastery piece of gothic film-making is one of the best out there; just one small league under Landmarks like "Black Sunday", "Three Faces of Fear" and "Curse of the Weeping Woman". The principal leaders Sergio Corbucci ("Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Assassin Fish") are successful in all areas, including a powerful draw (one that is really nightmare provoked) disaster scenery and filming, stylish black and white photography, spine-chilling music and a brilliant rally of talented performers. Barbara Steele, starring at the aforementioned "Black Sunday" and Italian goth-muse number one, shines brightly again as a spirit of torment and it was literally surrounded by excellent co-players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives away a fair monument illustration of author Edgar Allan Poe. The story involves it with another wealthy visitor in a provincial tavern that a brutal youth journalist accepts a morbid bet. If it ?? Alan Foster ?? Surviving spend a night at the infamous Blackwood Castle, it receives the amazing reward of $ 10 with a newspaper interview with Poe. Obviously, the ordeal is more dangerous than it sounds, even for someone like Alan Foster who is in a non-believer firm of ghosts and vampires. The night starts out for her, as she meets with the stunningly beautiful woman of her dream, but gradually she learns that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place where the ghosts of visitors have already been blocked for all eternity . I do not know about you, but this is seriously one of the movie's favorite movie ever. Co-director Antonio Margheriti clearly was proud of this film as well, because he remembers himself a couple of years later as "Web of the Spider". This movie has a handful of trumps, as for example casting is not less than Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but in general this original is vastly superior. The "Blood Castle" literally oozes with atmosphere and maintains a very disturbing atmosphere at all. This is truly one of the rare films that can make the hair on your arm and back in the neck up and fears if you look at it in the right circumstances. Watch it late at night, preferably alone and in a candle lit room, and you'll get an idea of ​​the true definition of horror.
