I was originally seen this movie as a boy in the old Rialto Theater as part of a third third third drink drink that also featured the Vincent Price "Last Man on Earth" and Mario Bullet in "Nightmare Castle. " I had nightmares about ghosts without lusting for a week later! Even though I did not know it then, all three movies would prove to be classic of the genre. No wonder I was so scared! Though all three films are scared of me, the Blood Castle has had the most profound impact. <br /> It was the first on the bill. I did not even get them from the beginning as we were late to become the movie and miss the first 20 minutes of the movie. This much is missing since the edited print only runs about 79 minutes (running unlimited 87minutes). But despite this, the dark climbing atmosphere (complete with ruined castles, bohemian reclamation, shadows and cobwebs), gothic design, strong acting, and suspense (especially the last 20 minutes) frightening their hanging out of me, , she made a lasting impression It took me to finally finally get a copy of the movie for my collection. Since it was a French - Italian import, it was not a movie that showed up on the late show in Winnipeg. I could not quite remember the title (remember I did not get to see the beginning of the movie and was scared to understand), and to make matters worse, the movie was released under literally a dozen different film titles ( aka Danze Macabre, The Horror Coffin, Castle of Terror, Long Night of Terror, etc. ...) and USA / UK working titled "Castle of Blood" was very generic, similar to dozens of other "b" horrors and movie suspense, make it illusive. But thanks to the internet and perseverance, I found it at last! What a treaty finally watched the movie in its entirety after many years! It may have not had the emotional emotional impact that he did when I was a boy, but as home theater haunted, he stands up well and compares favorably similar films to the iconic period as the "haunted" "The Innocents" or "Black Sunday," the film is an early effort of Italian director Antonio Margheriti. It's starred 60 star icon Barbara Steele icon and features a scenario written by Sergio Corbucci on an uncertain writer (Georges Riviere) who, on a bet, spends the night in haunting homes and unsuspectingly gets part of an unprecedented annual story . Steele the hypnosis properly cast as the ghost-like interest - such as Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus, and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. Many of Margheriti's triggers hired to create the film's unusual atmosphere (cobwebs, crack doors, fogs, etc.) are bound to seem sterile to a modern audience, but they work far more efficiently in black and white than they ever could in modern day colors. Rather than using body counts and special effects, the film creates the old-fashioned old fashioned, resting on a good story, stylish direction, good series production, exciting camera work, and strong acting performance. Margheriti does a wonderful job that takes these elements and builds the film suspension as the secretive secretion of the house gradually reveals itself to the striking writer. The movie is not faulty. The speed jumped to the beginning of the movie (ironically, the 20 minutes I was originally missed). This is probably worse by synapse film film film restore in its original length. Though fans will likely appreciate the chance to see the movie restored - in terms of the intro - it may have been more of a hindrance than a help. Double English speakers are simply bars and, in the restored scenes, the language varies from the English to English (translation into English subtitles) which are sure to annoy some viewers. <br /> However, films sinaps deserve kudos for the quality of the print. I enjoyed the film extremely immensely and highly recommend it to the Italian movie Goth film movie, or anyone who enjoys a good ghost story. <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
