Italy produces a lot of horrible films that are really great and original in the 1960s - and this is certainly one of them! The first thing you will notice about Dude Macabre is the style of the movie. Injections of beautiful black and white, due to Antonio Margheriti's director used in lighting; The film almost seems it could be a German movie grim expressional. This, coupled with the scheme of conflicting lines ensures that Danse Macabre is a movie that really captures the sense of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the movie is not wrong - and the good news continues as, in this film, it turns flex muscles to act more than it did in the movies that made it famous . The plot is very aware of the time in which this was released, and thus incorporated the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood that he can not spend a whole night of old cats old old castle. Everyone who spent the night had already died ... and our hero is about to meet before wagering takers! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror films do not tend to focus so much on every shot and the result is that there is not much beauty left in the genre. It is refreshing, therefore, to see this movie. Many of the shots here are incredibly beautiful - from the side of the couple to bring just a joint view, to my personal favorite - a shot of smoke creeping into from under a door. That's my first Antonio Margheriti movie, and even after seeing this just one; It is obvious that he was one of the Italian prime ministers. Also interesting is the fact that Grim was co-written by another of the great Italians; Django creator Sergio Corbucci. The plot can overlap a little too much at times, but there is always enough atmosphere to make sure that the film never gets bored - and the fact that it is still intriguing, even when the draw slows, to ensure the same. Dramatic Dancing Ways Use the term "Haunted House" both well-done and original, and helps keep the story as strange as possible. On the whole, fans of Italian and / or cult movies will not want to miss this small gem!
