Antonio Margheriti and Danza Macabra aka. "Castle of Blood" in 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly haunted masterpiece of Italian Gothic horror, and after the Mario bava "La Maschera Del Demonio" (aka "Black Sunday") in 1960 and "Citran" and Roger Corman in 1961 (begins the great price of the Vincent) another must-see touching Barbara Steele wonders in her more than fame deserves as the iconic horror girl icons in the story of motion picture. But not only is beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele of one of my favorite actresses in the all-time, the "Danza Macabra" scenario was co-written by no one less than Sergio Corbucci's cinematic genius, led such as ingenious Spaghetti militants Western "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968). The Italian number 2 in the field (right after Mario Bava), Director of Antonio Margheriti is one of the masters all the time Gothic Horrors, and "Blood Castle" is undoubtedly his greatest success. Hardly another film works so brilliantly in creating a moody, but beautifully beautiful as it is the case with this creepy ruler. When she met the famous writer of glamorous storywriting, Edgar Allen Poe, in a gloomy London tavern, young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepted a bet from a great officer, that he can not spend a night at his haunted castle 'in the night of all souls' Eve. As soon as Foster enters the strange castle, mysterious things begin to happen. After a while, however, she encounters a grandiose resident of the castle, stunningly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events so far, however, were only forebodings in the hardship to the beard castle, however ... <br /> <br /> The etiquette of the mansion alone should be enough to create a gloomy mood, excellent The black and white cinematography with a high score by Riz Ortolani create an extremely haunting atmosphere that is strange beyond comparison. The wonderful thing Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I simply can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to unite brilliant beauty and the unearthly as it is the case with Steele, and no actress ever going. In addition to Steele, the film's cast has another stunning beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and she also delivers a great performance. George Riviere's performance as Alan Foster is great, and the rest of the performances are also very good. "The Blood Castle" is outstanding in many departments: Barbara Steele Delivers one of its best performances, the cinematography and places are very much haunted beyond comparisons, the atmosphere is incredibly weird ... The film is simply a whole perfect in atmosphere, gothic beauty and the awesome art. In short: "The Blood Castle" is one of the most atmospheric films and greatest Gothic films ever made, and should not be missed by anyone interested in the genre! 10/10
