When I saw that this film was only 80 minutes long, I thought we were in trouble. Condemning Major Construction W. Somerset Maugham novel down to a film that clocked in at an hour and a half seemed like a disaster waiting to happen. But you know, the movie is not half bad, and he even managed to keep up much of what the book resonates so much with its readers. <br /> I've heard many movie films complaining that Leslie Howard was a wet swimmer at an actor, and he was, but I can not think of anyone more adapted to play the role of Philip Carey than a wet swimmer, Of course, Carey is. Howard plays it well, which means you want to shake it, and calm it head to repeat, then finally take it out and buy it a spine .. Ah, and then there In Bethette, as the girl with whom Carey is obsessed and who brings her world crashing down to her. I did not know what the earthly appeal of Mildred was in the book, and the movie remained true to this detail. But as played by Davis, it becomes the most fascinating character of the story, and whether it's nasty and unbelievable, it's at least the most dynamic people on screen at any given time. Davis's performance here is credited with changing the course of acting screen as much as Brando would do almost 20 years later when he burst out "Stella !!" in which little-known Tennesee Williams plays, and it's not hard to see why. Davis is intense at the point of fear. He does not make any effort to make all the sympathy of the audience, and it allows himself to look ugly and sick. Her appliance when Carey is walking to her end in the film to get her dead or almost killed in an unidentified illness (but not much care taken to hide the fact that she's an STD) is shocking. Of course, it helps that this film squeaked out just before the Production Code comes into effect; If it did a year later, you could bet these things would be a little different. <br /> Yes, many of the novels, with many of its most interesting parts, are staying on the floating room floor, and the story really gets on Carey and Mildred and by many other things. I found that to be the least interesting and most exhausting part of Maugham's novel, but it is the part that gives the title novel and seems to be the party that readers are still drawing on now, so it hits me, As a wise decision on the part of the movie makers they chose to adapt to the novel as they did. <br /> <br /> Grade: B +
