Today actresses happily gaining weight, hair dye, clothes like sleds, and losing their glitter for a role, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend. As a beautiful young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and Constance Bennett-making the movie quality, Davis wanted to ravage herself in order to create a character on the outside as well as inside. Respect is a demonstration here in his excerpt film, "In Human Bondage," in which he stars and Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a slutty, manipulative, vicious low-life masochistic Howard, Philip-club foot. He first meets him when he is a waitress, and allows him to take him out of dinner and theater while reading frolics with a rich man (Alan Hale Sr.). In truth, Mildred was repaid by Philip's footsteps. In his part, Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of his open flirtation and calm him toward him. She allowed Mildred to bleed her financial circle in between boyfriends who released her when rubber into her, while she was blowing a couple of really beautiful women (Home Johnson and Frances Dee). When it became the bust to throw him out, Mildred rubbed his apartment and stole him, forcing him to withdraw from medical school and losing his lodgings. <br /> <br /> "In Human Bondage" seems rather refreshed today in part. Even though Leslie Howard was a beautiful and attractive actress, her acting style is in a formal old school, and as a result, she tends to date whatever she's in. She shines through materials such as her role as Davis in "It's My Love After" or "The Petrified Forest" called for its kind of technique. Acting date is even more evident here because Davis has forged new grounds with a fearless, oral performance that would really make his name. If it looks at times on the head, he came out of the stage, and the intricacies of acting films would appear later for him. Unlike this performance with the heat, heat and gentleness of Henriette it's "All this, and too the Too Sky" or the pathetic it leads to "Black Victory." She was a true actress and a true artist. Davis really allowed herself to look like holy hell; Mildred's deterioration is absolutely pathetic as Philip seems to find strength as his spirit disappears. An excellent film in which to see the exploration of one of the biggest movie stars.
