Reading websites at Bette Davis can be found where authors claim that there is nothing special about their acting. I even found a site that claimed Bette Davis' success was probably due to its luck. But Ms Davis movie in 1934 says quite the opposite. The most obvious examples are two films that he made only a few weeks apart: fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. Her characters played in these movies, though both were negative, are quite different. The ancient Arlene is a beautiful, glamorous and honest heiress and character much more likable than Mildred's letter, which is a pale, uneducated and discreet cockney waitress. Needless to say, Ms Davis has played both authentic characters and the same enthusiasm. But even that is not all. The point is that the former role, which might want no more actress of the day, was the one he was forced to play. The latter role, which seemed to be the most unattractive actress, was the role of a career, he was the one he was fighting for months. And it was the latter letter that launched it among the greatest stars. So there is no question that Ms Davis knew from the beginning he did. The movie, which tells about a medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) who falls unlucky in love with Cockney waitress Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has a week week point, but many strong. The story is simply too big to be said in only 83 minutes. For example, it is clearly why refined students have found any interest in a waitress in the first place. Well, there is a scene in which we are exposed to Ms Davis fascinating eyes, but this is when its emotions are already fully evolving. But the integrity of the story is preserved by superior acting from Howard and Davis as well as fantastic rock music that tells tons of emotions even when we do not see characters' character. In fact, the film is amalgamated by Phillip's Machi sequence that shows him from the back supplemented and repelled two-tone repetition. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful lipstick for every woman in Phillip's life, which is still used in the movie. With a beautiful scene in which we see Sally's face before the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've ever seen exactly due to Francis Dee's breathtaking beauty (Ms Dee was in the way considered to be too beautiful to play leading role in Gone with a wind) as well as Steiner's captivating music. Camera motion between the scene is also original and refreshing. <br /> But my most objection is that the events feature too many dimensions, which provoke viewers that Mildred is a final couple. The most disgusting character would be men who lure it into relationships, although well know that they will abandon it after taking use of it, but, curiously, end up describing as likable characters. After all, Mildred still - in his own specific, but still an honest way - allows Phillip to know that he despises him and had no interest in him. Which he just refuses to hear. It is Phillips masochistic nature that connects to its club foot and infantile experience that is the main reason of his love problem. He is slave to his club foot as much as Mildred and maybe have to be free at both to start a normal life. Naturally, selfish and megacent Mildred, after discovering the voluntary slave in Phillip, was doing his own part to make his life hell. Even taking into account that it explodes after they realize that slavery has loosened, it's less clear why it would burn Phillip's money (Maugham intends to differentiate his novel). After all, he could as well steal and drink gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> For the modern movie standard is a bit outdated, but every time you watch it, you can reveal new exciting details due to superior acting, fascinating music and original editing, so it deserves the brand higher possible.
