Bette Davis' electrical performance is such that it's hard to remember other female players. They were as perfect in the parties as Davis was in mind - they just did not have as much to do. Some of the reviews felt that the book was so much better - it was handed to the movie it's due, condensing a 600 page book down to 83 minutes by no means feat. The first part of the book did not even make it to the screen - he said in Phillip's infancy, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip went to try to make good as an artist. He also recorded his first novel - and Fanny Pri, who killed himself when he realized Phillip could not return his feelings of love. It's a nice book but rambling and I think anyone who does not think too much of the movie should read the book and will realize how good the movie is. <br /> After realizing that it will only be a mediocre pentry, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) comes back to England to expect to take medicines. When out of a tearoom she meets a melee waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Though he has no interest in him, he basically treats him like dust, Phillip is obsessed. It's so hard to look at his efforts in trying to find any civilization in this greedy grid. In one scene he promises to meet him in a second classroom waiting time, when almost missing one another, he berates him with "why I would wait a second classroom when there is a first-class salt available ". You just want to shake it. Only once she is beautiful is when she tells her she will marry another, a coarse salesman - man, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred from the picture, she met Nora (Kay Johnson) a beautiful woman, who writes romantic novel under a male pseudonym. She jokes about the popularity of books to enjoy amongst the domestics (in the novel she has seen Mildred readings.) Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence she needs but it is incapable of returning to her love. When Mildred returns (Miller did not get married and has a baby), of course he cares for her and helps her with the baby (in the movie she is treated as an object - always called "baby", never give a name or sex) - he reputation does not run with his best friend. <br /> <br /> In the hospital she meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee) who is visiting her sick father. She starts going to her home and for the first time in her life gets a sense of family. Then surprise! surprise! Return Mildred like a bad and surprise pens! Philip took it in. But it has changed and feels only disgusted when it tries to show her recognition only way she knows how. Then one of the most greedy, verbal battles on films and phrases such as "your cad, your pig salad," "I just kiss you because you asked me" and "when you go I wiped my mouth, I WIPED MY MESSred "In the book Mildred's many sentence sentences like" you are a gentleman in every sense of the word, "" I do not mind, "and" Mr. and Mighty "gentlemen were associated with prostitutes and Phillip when he met The first time he was hit by that. The end of the film shows Phillip (they were really free of Mildred's only way possible) now free love Sally. Again in the book Sally tells Phillip that she thinks she's a baby but that's just make him more sure of his love. That's finished, as Mildred's "disease" could not be in the movie - even a single pre-code. <br /> <br /> Home Johnson has always called on to play sensitive, credible women - which he plays in perfection as he obviously senses himself. Nora was the wife of Philip would have lived with. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful of equine screens. It was obviously being groomed for starred and some roles that proved he was not just a pretty face (the "Silver Code" and "no money"), but when he married Joel McCrea his career began to burst out. Sally did not push his talent to the boundaries. Apparently Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Bette Davis on the series - she was annoyed by an English actress not given to the party. He used to throw his line "also reading a book in camera". She began to take an interest when a newspaper reported "The kid was running away with the picture" !!! <br /> <br /> Very, highly recommended.
