This 1934 adaptation of the Somerset Maugham novel put Bette Davis on the map as a movie actress. He might have a Academy award for his performance but films made on loan, so his studio did not push for him. It acts in this one does not happen quite well by today's standards. As a waitress with no physician Philip, a tender medical student, around and almost destroyed his life, Davis is way too lost, almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who usually scrubs the good performance of his actress, was perhaps overwhelmed by this one. Davis is watching, for sure, but so shady and predatory as seems to be just people. I imagine the character of Millie as quieter, less feminine than Davis, and maybe a touch of the tomboy. Davis is such a strong, immediate presence in no time in his mystery, which makes Philip's attraction appear more masochistic than it should be. As Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. Won it, a bit wilted looks good, is perfect for this failure to fail. Nor to impose a personal interpretation on the part, as, say, Dirk Bogarde might do, giving his job a clear clarity. It looks completely in control here, as it should, plays a man with a rational intelligence that's in the grip of irrational emotional he can not manage or even fully satisfy, as the object of his affection moves him in style he can not understand. Howard was a fine actor, too often dropping into romantic party standards that force him to fall on his charms, which he does not use here. It has long since been reading the book I do not feel comfortable commenting on film loyalty to it. I think he captures the spirit of the story well enough, and he has in Howard a perfect Philip Carey. The sexual submissions are muted, and at times Philip behaves so masochistically that in the absence of strong sex feeling makes one surprised about the sanity character, surely by Mr. Maugham's intentions. Thanks to Howard's performance, Philip remains firmly in focus, as one can see in his various answers and desires for the extreme Millie that a reasonable intelligence will go to the irrational understanding, in itself and in others. <br /> Overall, a very good movie, a little stilted at times, due to its age, she recalls London nicely, and it is well-acting for the most part.
