The story is somewhat stilted, what and sudden the main character of fortune, but Leslie Howard and Bette Davis's portrait of Philip Carey, the naive naive lover obsessed with Mildred Rogers, the worthy object of his affection, raises this films considerably above the standard melodrama. <br /> <br /> Sensitive, cultivated Philip, who for most of the picture is in his first warning slave, and then pity her for Mildred is not unlike a character Howard has played a a few years later - Ashley Wilkes, the South gentleman is too refined and decent to do it in the rough Reconstruction era. Philip in fact seems to resign from deception even before Mildred enters the picture ?? It does not seem particularly particularly surprising when his art teacher tells him he will never do it as a painter. It is perhaps this pacifist, which lowers expectations that make him stand up with the cockney waitress for as long as he does. Although Leslie Howard is memorable, today the "Bondage Human" is mostly thought of as a Bette Davis photo, perhaps because of the well-known story of how he had to fight Jack Warner to get a part of Mildred, and maybe also because movie audiences tend to prefer character and sort of energy braces. Mildred may have a grille voice, but it also has volatile beauty of an attached angel angel, which makes it a bit understand why Philip leaves himself must be nervous together while he's done. Although Mildred's food may be one-dimensional, he evokes the liking of the viewer from time to time as when he gets sick and struggles to realize that Philip is the only decent person ever caring for her. One can also think he is about something when he accused Philip of looking down on him for not being "good" enough. (The scene from which Philip and Norah postponed romance magazines as garbage for kitchen maidens seem to confirm this). Most of the characters supported are also effective, particularly Norah's novel sensitive writers who love Philip but he knows he can never compete with Mildred and Sally with Mardred's beauty and Norah's relinquishment and results as the Philip deserves women reward and end. The only character I found was Sally's uniquely hollow, go slurping aristocratic dad who looks like a stock character in an earlier era. <br /> A classic worthy reputation.
