This movie is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman who is drawn to. Not because she is a beautiful girl but because she is a sexual entity. Now the movie does not come out and says that but it is obvious. There is a scene from the movie in which people will all googly eyes on it. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop, she can not read and not really anybody look at it's a little game. It is obvious to the male clients in what coffee they have because of it. One day Phillip's a clinic failed painter medical student to come to the store to say a good word for his friends, but he gets besotted the moment he sees him. She starts to buy something she even pays for her apartment. Meanwhile he sees others and makes no secret about it. He dreams about it as it is an angel, but it is not angel. He's always thinking about it. Her medicinal school even weakens. So that the nookie is too good. He wants to marry him but he rejects him because he's married another guy. It always allows Phil to know he really does not have love feelings for him ever. She is broken heart but she meets another woman. They look fine but it is obvious he always dreamed of the bimbo. Mildred comes back with a baby and unwed. Phillip takes it in again, but it starts going out with a friend, the light bulb comes over a little and envy it out. She does what she knows to work for trying to seduce her, but she does not work and continues to burn her tuition up. Oh we have a club footage that he has problematic, even if a street teenager with the same problem tells him to lighten up on him. She meets another girl called Sally we have a mass of time montage showing her aging while she strings her together constantly waiting for Mildred. Well, there is no school tuition, can not find a job. Finally Sally and her father took him in. Before another mass montage time showing her down. Soon his uncle had raised him dead and became the money to become a doctor. Meanwhile he finds Mildred needing it again. It has TB. Meanwhile she still leads Sally down the Primrose path of marriage and takes a job on a steam. Finally the dead bimbo and Phillip stated he is free now and he will marry Sally. I wanted her to tell her about her stuff. Now I know my take on the characters will not find me any points. But I feel Phillip was the bad guy. Yes, Mildred is a Stroum, but he knows, and keeps coming back. Meanwhile she has two other girlfriends who love her but she's treated as entrée. I guess the sex was not as good. But in any case, these dogs are waiting for Mildred. Not only that but the man who becomes pregnant Mildred is already married and when Philip asks him what he wants to do about babies (apparently the baby's name) he laughs off, he has no intention of supporting him with baby and it is rich. Papa Sally's 9 children say some very nasty things about women but she's said to be an old traditionalist. Philip does not seem to refute his feelings either. Men are using Mildred as a boy game but the guys in this movie come out unscathed. Yes it was not a respectable woman, but it was a wicked one. For me it is Philip who had the real problem and was her sexual sex for Mildred.
