I came to love Leslie Howard, at her best film. But for some reason, his performance in MOM has never moved me very much. First, I saw the movie my college campus in 1972 and review of the college journal commented that in the 1930s and 1940s, Howard played the roles supposedly later collected by Dirk Bogard as the people who were born trite. This is not usually the case (but I think of Ashley Wilkes as a man who might betray, if she and Scarlett O'Hara were meant to be an article by Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie, by Scarlett). Howard could play any kind, with a role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not a betrayer. * One can do the case by Philip Armstrong Scott being betrayed by two foreigners showing the hospitality of 49th PARALLEL, but Nazi is considering him - a liberal, western, Canadian - just double-crossed game in warfare. is not just as emotional betrayal, and Howard does not collapse as a result, but faced Nazis and captured one after beating it up.) <br /> I think what the review meant that Howard might have Many feelings - or trying to be feelings. Her poet's witness - dreaming - hiker in the PETRIFIED forest. But that character was not betrayed, except by stories maybe (as it feels kind of it is as out of date as the gangster plays by Humphrey Bogart). Philip Carey's character at Somerset Maugham in FOOD GIFTS is also sentiment. It is sensitive to many reasons. She has an interest in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike Strickland's artist of MOON and the SIXPENCE she has no real talent. So he decided to concentrate on medical science, accentuated by a club footing condition. Here he is a man whose self esteem who is standing to be betrayed. Philip found that betrayal in the form of Mildred a Cockney (Bette Davis) waitress who is mercenary and selfish as they come. Why Philip falls for it is not really addressed in the movie, but she finds the fascinating woman. And he found him an easy food ticket. Ironically in being captivated by this slut, Philip fails to send other women interested in him (Home Johnson and Frances Dee), and they are most fit to be his companion. She also keeps finding herself forgiving Davis when she has dealings with others (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the letter a friend of Howard). Although Howard's performance captures the Doormat trend in Philip towards Mildred, it really does not show enough passion (until late in the movie, when it turns on it). That's why I find myself never caring for his performance here - it lacks any reality. Later later insisted in GONE and the WIND that he likes Olivia De Haviland, by Vivian Leigh, has more consistency with a man of love. But Davis's performance as Mildred makes the movie important. It has a wide variety of parts until 1934, as the girlfriend of the deaf pianist of the person who played God or the spoiled heir to murder in FOG OVER FRISCO or the secretary of the mouse as in three on a MATCH. As Mildred she finally showed she could be a great actress by playing a bitch. <br /> <br /> Curiosity performance was not all one note. While using and abusing Howard for two-thirds of the film, culminating in that famous scene where she shows how disgusting her kiss made her, her latest scene shows she too might fall apart due to her deteriorating health, and its inability to maintain any honest work. When Howard rejected her viewers did not notice how she became ill (asking what happened to the baby - she told her that the baby was dead and Howard said brusquely that she was happy, that is hardly answer it is expected). At the end of Howard finally finds his life in order, but Mildred ends an accident (her death is discovered by her old Denny boyfriend on a medical appeal). Photos of the Art Academy and Science Academy have failed to appoint Davis in 1934 (leading to major writing campaigns in his history, with a permanent change in his rule), but Davis was established as a star. In one year she won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in danger. And in two years he co-starred with Howard again (like equal to stars) in the PETRIFIED forest.
