Bette Davis' accent punk of this movie is absolutely terrifying. I totally understand that Americans and other nationalities could not achieve this with this fine; but believe me, it's about half as good as the accent Dick Van Dyke's accent of Mary Poppins, and that was a right charge of old ponies (slip in London's London language - very exquisite). Me is that the unusual and stressful exaggerations act does not detract from these films. In Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of movies despite its superficial fault. It also has to be seen from perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of the films at the time must be appreciated, and given the limits John Cromwell performs a very good work-directed camera and allows the narrative to develop cinematic rather than solely through the dialogue acting and stilted dialogue. A good example in his skillful direction is the scene set at Victoria Station. It is very well-known, injected and edited. Note also the strong shots in Mildred's face attack towards the end of the movie; to be more in the early days of artistic film than to sanitize, the world formula in the studio on which they dominate .. The terms of the movie are universally familiar and compelling: sexual obsession, unrequited love, contemptuous passion, self-loathing, manipulative relationships, split social and juvenile insanity. Even though the dialogue is often rather hacked, the hard work of these theme portraits and the inner lives of characters tune well into a low-key way. Some of the scenes of obsessive and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch, but the story does not come down into stereotypes; We know that the characters (even the Mildred Poison) are both victims and their authors, and that actions are motivated by the misunderstanding of each other, as well as voluntary selfishness. Also naive in the style of the story reaches the complex heart of the human condition and the affected nature of the act and swells gloomy periodically by reducing the veracity of the job. <br /> <br /> In Human Bondage was one of the films that got Bette Davis noticed in Hollywood and also she watched her conscious of being witnessed at the birth of a celebrated career. Her original beauty and charisma squirrel (no one flounced or was deden well like Ms Davis) grab your attention from her first appearance. Whilst it is definitely the memorable performance of the movie, Leslie Howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. They are a good combination, though, why oh why did not it help him with terrible, awful accent!
