** IMPERIAL WARNING ** W. Somerset Maugham classic on film about a love obsessed young man who abused sore and outraged by the object of his obsession at the point of losing everything he has only to find true love at the bottom of the bottom strange circumstances. Leslie Howard plays the role of Philip Carey a tender young artist in Paris trying to make a living by selling his paintings. Told by a local art expert who works it is not at all good enough to be sold in the art to go public Philip decided to go back to his native England and study medicine and become a doctor in order to help others. <br /> <br /> Philip was born with a club footage is very hypersensitive about his left condition and make up for that not being a very pleasant and friendly person. One afternoon Philip is in a local café and a fellow medical student with nice waitress Mildred Rogers, Bette Davis, and immediately fell in love with her. Mildred first repels Philip's love-sick, but later can just achieve that one lady she is taking advantage of her feelings for her. Mildred made him spend himself in poverty buying his gifts and taking it out of the theater every time he cut off from work. Phlip also dropped behind his studies, not paying much attention towards Mildred, at the medical university and failed his final test. <br /> Go to hock to buy an engagement ring for Mildred in an attempt to ask her hand in Mildred's cool wedding anniversary saying Philip is surprised that she has already engaged to be married to Emil Miller, Alan Hale. It seems that he is one of the customers in the coffee that he always flirting with. <br /> <br /> Philip broke and heart-sick slowly to get his life back together and later retakes his medical exam and pass it and at the same time find a new love in Nora, Fay Johnson, a writer for a favorite local magazine. Later in Philip's shock and surprise Mildred walked back into his life. Mildred tells Philip that her husband Emil, who is her child carrying, drove her out of the house has the type and philosophy of Philip taking it back to the expense of Nora who was very much in love with her. It later turned out that Mildred was not married to Emil, but a child from marriage had no illegal affair with him! Emil turned out to be already married. Just before Mildred took advantage of Philip's heartfelt love for her and her daughter, where she sustained them with medical attention and shelter, at the point where she again broke down and could not continue her study and left Philip; after having a heated and emotional encounters with him. From the streets and nowhere to Philip is taken by by Athanly, Reginald Owens, who he once treated at the hospital and fell in love with his daughter Sally, Frances Dee. <br /> <br /> After that Philip has his club foot corrected in the medical center and with the help of Mr. Athenly come back to being a doctor. It's then when he meets Mildred again who's really at the end of his rope. Dead to tuberculosis and she lost her daughter all she was alone with no one after her. Filip now well-done and respected in medical circles does everything he can to help the sick and poor Mildred but at the end he circulated in his illness and passed away. Mildred had the love and devotion of Philip all the years that he was in love with her, but chose to abuse him, and he had affairs with people who were just like him, cold unfeeling and selfishness. At the end Mildred returned just what he gave Philip kind and sensitive: He became both unloved and alone. Philip found in sweet and cared Sally everything that Mildred did not and in the end also found the true love that he was looking for all his life.
