I thought this would be an end to the original "36th Shaol's Chamber" but actually it's more of a light-hearted "sister" of the original. Gordon Liu still stars as a hero-should be on a quest to learn Kung Fu to defeat Manchus man's room ... but this time around it's lighter and more comedy. The center film around the factory bonds factory, where salaries are cut due to the hiring of 10 new hirers. Liu plays "Chao", who can be mad mad bosses in thinking he is a monkey chaolin possesses almost magical kung fu skill. But his chances of running out, he is exposed as a fraud, and he pledges the mill workers to go to the Shaolin monastery to learn kung fu, and return to their shelter. <br /> <br /> The comedy really begins in the monastery where Chao makes several attempts to get accepted. This is a very funny thing, and lots of great battle choreography. Continues in the traditions of the "36 chamber" traditions we see all kinds of clean and exciting methods (with extra hokey) in the monastery as well as creative use of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also unique and in note is the mixture of kung fu and the craft of bamboo scaffolding buildings. Chao was not accepted as a student in Shaolin, but was made to build bamboo scaffolds for "10-year restoration" in the monastery. On the DVD I bought there is a special on bamboo scaffolding buildings and inspiration that director Lau Kar-Leung drew out of it. This is a craft of hundreds of hundreds (perhaps thousands) of old years, and in Hong Kong scaffolding is still built in bamboo even on high-rise, though the West only uses steel tubes and clamps. As a result of its scaffolding work, Chao developed a special style of kung fu ... when asked what kind of it is, it hilariously replies "kung fu fu !!" which he first tested during a dust-up and Abbot abei. In the final confrontation with the Manchus, there is a dazzling array of creative use for bamboo poles and links. <br /> In a comedy show, I think it's one of the best in genre of kung fu. As a kung fu movie in general, it also means ... I recommend it to anyone!
