Back in the 36th room is one of these classic Kung-Fu movies that Shaw produced back in the 70s and 80s, which are genre of equivalent to Western Spagetti in Hollywood, and protagonist Gordon Liu, the counterpart of the West Clint Eastwood. Digitally remastered with a new printing made for the Fantastic Film Festival, this is "Featuring Shaw Dimensions", just like the good old days. This film is a simple story of good against evil, said in 3 acts, which more or less sums up the narrative of martial arts films in that era. <br /> <br /> A law lying up the site. Workers in an ink mill in a small village are happy with many, having earnings are cut by 20% by incoming gangsters manchu. They can not do much about their exploits because none of them are eligible martial arts to take on gangsters, and their boss. At first, there was a minor success in getting Liu imitating a very skilled Shaolin monk (one of the best comedy sequences), but rouse being exposed when pushing the limit of credibility does not imitate one too many times. <br /> <The two laws show the protagonist wants to get back to the crowd. However, without real martial arts, it is packaged on a trip to Shaolin Temple, try and infiltrate and learn martial arts on the sly. After a few moments slapstick, she finally came to accept the abbot (whom she imitates!), But is disappointed by the teaching methods - as Mr Miyagi's style of Karate Kid, but instead of painting fence, she draws all scaffolding around the temple. There is nothing that can hold a good man down, and he unwittingly builds strength, endurance and learns the Kung Fu-orthodox way. Three laws are where the fighting battle begins. With the effect of sound cheesy, every obvious non-contact on the films gives maximum impact treatment. But it is rather refreshing to watch the battle scene here, with its wide sloping sharpness of clear emphasis and details between the boxing partners, and the use of slow motion moves to show different angles of angles. You can find the speed of fighting a tad too slowly, with some pauses in between moves, but with Yuen Woo Ping and its style used to ad-nausem in the Hollywood flicks, they are sure not to make the scene of fighting as they used them! Back in the 36th room gets a screening repeatedly on Monday, so if you're playing for a nostalgic trip down memory lane, what are you waiting for?
