Some of the background details of this story are based, very, very wounds, about real events in the era of what has been set. The story combines some of the details of the famous Leopold and Loeb case along with a bit of Aimee Semple McPherson. The story begins with two mothers (Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds) being injured as they leave a courtroom. The people seem more intriguing to make them correct damage as their sons were just condemned for a frantic chilling crime. Someone in the crowd apparently balances Winters' hands as they make their way into a waiting car. <br /> <br /> Soon after they arrive home, they start getting threatened by phone calls, so Reynolds suggests both moving to the West Coast and opening a dance school. The dance school is successful and provides incredibly obnoxious parents who think their children are the next Shirley Temple. One of the parents of these spoiled children is a multimillionaire who is well struck by Reynolds and starts dating. Life looks pretty good. But when the phone call threatens to begin again, Winters responds by flipping - behaving like it is nearing a psychotic break and retreating more and more in religion - listening to the Alma Sister radio almost always. Again and again, you see Winters on the edge and it finally leads to the very bad things! I will not say more, as it might spoil this suspender and interesting. In many ways, this film is a lot like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford Horror Movie in the 1960s such as "Whatever happened to baby Jane?", "Straight-Jacket" and "The Child". While none of these are exactly intellectual fare, on a kitsch level they are incredibly fun and fun. Write this very good and have some nice twists near the end that makes it all very interesting. Winters is great as a frail and demean lady and Reynolds plays one of the 39-year-old sexiest I've ever seen - more she can really, really dance. <br /> <br /> I only worry about all this is that some can find Winters' ultra-religious in a bit tacky bit - such as a cheap attack on Christianity. At first, I felt so, but when you meet Alma Sister, she looks genuine and does not pass it, and I took the Winters religious wings as a sign of frenzy - which, I suppose, is all that has happened . /> <br /> By the way, this movie is packed together with "Anyone Rooney Sleeps Announced" - another film Shelley Winters from 1971. Both are great fun ... and well-over-top la-!
