Well, here's another terrific example of the 70-left movie-made! The first rudimentary "What's the problem with Helen?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it's presented in such a stylish and sophisticated fashion! In the hands of any other film team, this certainly would have become a nasty and bravest exploitation story, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Who's Rooney Sleeping?") And scriptwriter Henry Farrell ("So?) In charge, It has become a beautiful and almost breathtaking mix of themes and styles. The basic draw of the movie is definitely awful, but there's a lot more experienced, such as love story, a 1930's swinging atmosphere and a whole lot of songs and pipes - The setting is definitely the one that makes this movie unique.We literally catapulted back in the 1930s, with a sublime deposition of music, era, business theater, and clothing store after long and tedious condemning their son in prison for life, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) ran away to California and try to start a new life running a dance school for talented teenagers. The new environment, as well He fell in love with a local millionaire, but poor Helen continued to flow into a broadband spiral of madness and paranoia. He only listens to the ramblings of a radio evangelist, fearing that he will be punished for the crimes his son committed and slowly developed violent tendencies. The script, although not entirely flawless, is well written and the movie is quite rhythmic. There's never a dull moment in "What's the problem with Helen", although the song, tap-dance and sequences of tango are well extended and very related to the current scheme. But the atmosphere is continuously ominous and the film definitely benefits from the dramatic performance of Shelley Winters. It's outright scary as the unpredictable and introverted lady on the second snap and especially during the last ten minutes or so, it looks more petrifying than all Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees 'and Michael Myers' combine! There are so many terrifying characters that support, sadly, slightly underdeveloped and robbed of potential, such as Michéal MacLiammóir as the cocky elocution teacher, Agnes Moorehead as the ceremony priesthood and Timothy Carey as the visitor obtu in the ladies' home. There are a couple of surprisingly stupid scenes and moments of genuine trauma to enjoy the Grand Guignol fans among us, but particularly the pieces and costume designs (even nominated for an Oscar!) Are fabulous.
