I watched (and recorded) this a few years back on local TVs and, being underwhelmed by it, I immediately tapped the tap; However, when it was released by MGM as part of a "Movie Midnite Movie" dual-feature DVD in Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters movie for a very affordable price, I could not resist giving it a second look (this has since go out-of-print). Actually, I got the DVD a few months ago, but only now, and passing the Harrington, I found it; Fortunately, this time around I was most receptive to the movie, and, in fact, now consider it one of the more satisfying WHATEVERs got to baby jane? (1962) Imitation (and who, incidentally, was shared by Henry Farrell's senator). The film offers a splendid evocation in the 1930s American depression - and its child-starred craze and sensational killings (exploited during the opening of Newsreel fake); It's stylishly made (Lucien Kudos's cinematography and the design set by Eugene Lourie) and has a very effective David Rapsin score. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir deliver excellent performance; The letter is especially impressive as the biggest-than-life trainer with dangerous wave of waves (though it finally proves only a red herring!). Also they are Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead (it's just a comic, really, just as the evangelist it plays is mostly heard on the radio). Many people seemed to regret the inclusion of music numbers by children (including an imitation Mae West imitation), but I personally was not bothered by them; The movie makes her a little unsuccessful welcome because of a keen speed and (perhaps unnecessary) graphics scheme. Reynolds - a music star himself - is ideally discarded as the dance-school owner, and, despite their over-range rivalry, he and Winters work well together. The latter, in fact, provides a more balanced illustration of paranoia and craze than WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); The narrative, then, comes with a number of ironic twists leading up to expecting the Great Guignol type. Apparently, the movie has tone down (it's original with gore and even a hint of Madmozism!) By producer Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington's will - in order to get a rating PG ...
