The most bizarre in the sub-genre of Cinemas is the so-called "The Great Ladies of the Grand Guignol": film horror movie that combines the on-top melodrama and gothic emotions and still starred by seasoned and almost forgotten actress from the Hollywood gold Gold in the unflattering role of either suffering long victims or screeching evil harpies. This genre provides with a strange showcase actor that allows strut the things on the screen once again and there are new generations of fans of the costume of their glamorous images of yesterday. <br /> <br /> "What's the problem with Helen" is the past drop in this sub-genre and stunning performance of both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the troubled mothers of two convicted criminals running away from the California California in the 1930's to open a talented school letter out their mothers accurately wanting their daughter to the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie gets happily, client, tango, dancing with a new love interest (Dennis Weaver meanwhile Shelley gets wacko and recovers terrible, threatening anonymous calls, menacing foreign, ominous Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, cute little rabbit ( !) and an unpleasant encounter with an electric fan (ouch!) <br /> <br /> The sloppy script (penned by Henry Farrell, the man who started all this genre and "Whatever happened to Baby Jane" along with owner of Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) are all holes, red erasers and wasted opportunities that could make this film so much: the hidden terms of tight maternity (and debbie and shelley characters as "failed mom" and the overbearing mommies of the star star) and obsessive female bonds (Debbie and Shelley relationships with the fact that the few male characters of this movie are either disaster or sleazy even Dennis Weaver Texan shipwrecks) are wasted. Debbie Reynolds musicals interludes and tots dancing, although fun y or watch too much screen time in what is supposed to be a psychological driver. But still this movie is very fun. The two stars and Curtis Harrington stylish directions easily overcome its flaws. The recreational film in the 1930s is colorful and elegant (see Debbie's dress!) Made with a very tight budget. The increased atmosphere of madness and hysteria is really climbing with a shocking final that will haunt you for days. And you would not easily forget that funny "goody, goody" songs that run in the movie either. And seeing a Sheshy Winters increasingly vice every one of Debbie Reynolds' luck in happiness is a looking look! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
