I think that the deal with this movie is that it has about 2 minutes of really, really funny moments and makes a very good trailer and a lot of people that have come up with expectations from the trailer and this time the movie does not live up to the trailer. It's a little more sluggish and shoots a little slowly for such an exciting site, and I think I see from the comment people who have a love / hate relationship with this movie. <br /> However, if you look at this movie for what it is and is not it could consider talent in the cast, I think it's still pretty good. Julia Stiles is clearly the star, she's so giddy and against that set among the compliance of everyone else, she just lit and the whole audience falls in love with her and Lee. The rest of the cast, of course, testosterone-Lee's colleague, her mother-in-law, Jim's fratful Jim and bride-to-be all have to do an excellent job of fitting into stereotypes of compliance with boringness making stiles stand out in the first place. <br /> <br /> Lee does not live up to his costume, I do not think, but you could see that as much as they're hard to live up to. Perhaps this is a source of disappointment. The film itself, despite a bit of slowness and a few jokes that do not come as comical as the intent of the writer, is still very funny and I find a rather smart movie. The terms of compliance and "take the road safely" seemed to cunning alignments on several layers. For example, there was the whole motive in how it would imagine scenarios, but would never act on them until the past scene, or how it costs a radio program on the highway talking about how everyone compliant, or just how all celery Blair and Julia Character characters have said and made echoed by the terms of one person being safe and one with a risky choice. <br /> <br /> Another good thing about the movie was that it was a kind of a vicious comedy in which Jason Lee was holding his way into the movie with who's dumb luck (eg: the pharmacist's guy turned out to have a good chef) and some intelligence on his part gets away with it for the most part. > <br /> While it was not as funny as I expected and there was a little bit of wasting talent, but in general it's still a good movie.
