I was literally preparing to hate this movie, so believe me when I say this movie is worth seeing. In general, the story and the gaps appear, but the film has the charm and delicacy pull them off. That gag where Jason Lee thinks he has crabs, and does not try to let his boss / future and co-workers to see him scratching his head is not terribly intelligent, but he sends me to a madness in street . Very few of the movie's gags are high-top, but they make me laugh. As I said, the film has charm and charm can go a long way. <br /> <br /> Characters are likable, too. I must say I wish I got more of James Brolin's character, since it was a look at the very few scenes she was in. More, I admired any romantic comedy that has the intestines do not make characters in the wife (serving as obstacle in the plot) a witch total. Selma Blair's character is hardly incredible, and there is not a scene where I thought myself, "Why did he want to get married in the first place?" The finish is Hollywood-me, but it could've been much more schmaltzy. <br /> <br /> Throw is talented. I did not have a favorable view of most of Jason Lee's mainstream work. I just liked it very much in Kevin Smith's movie that I could not help but feel ashamed of seeing him in the role that evolved. And he never looks comfortable in those dopey roles. Even in this movie, it does not look quite comfortable, but it contributes its own cents and effectively handles each stage. But I still miss her work in independent films. Julia Stiles proved again why she's damn likable. Of course, she is a very beautiful girl with a radiant smile that makes me want to be weak, but she also has a unique charm and looks good to her personality. In other words, her beauty is shown inside and outside. I do not know the names of the actresses, but the woman who plays the grandmother is hilarious. Julie Hagerty also had a small part, and it is always enjoyable to watch, which made me want to have the best roles. I liked it very much in "Aircraft" and "Lost in America" ​​that it is a shame he does not get the same opportunities at flaunt his skills. <br /> You must not put in the terrible trailers and even more horrible office desk records. This is a funny movie, charming. Romantic comedy will become so predictable nowadays that it feels like the genre itself is ready to be red down the toilet, so it still sees a good among all these bad apples. <br /> My Score: 7 (out of 10)
