Despite love Rita Hayworth, finding the last few sequences of the intriguing film and being able to appreciate some of the subtle "symbolic associates" of the cinematography, the Lady from Shanghai did not work well for me. I had a problem with most of the performances, the script and the overall structure. And in a movie that mostly speaks with each other in various situations, this is quite a problem. Lady from Shanghai ended up in a very low "C", or a 7, for me. <br /> <br /> Lady from Shanghai is really all about Orson Welles' character, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara saw Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park on a carriage ride and hit on it. Then he rescued him from an mugging and took a shine to him. O'Hara is a seaman from Ireland and the globetrott Elsa happens to own a yacht with her husband, Arthur (Everett Sloane), a very popular lawyer and powerful California Defense. They talk O'Hara to work for, despite his first reservation - it seems to him, with the audience, that Elsa is just looking for someone with an affair and, with O'Hara do not want to participate .. Shortly After working on the yacht, a strange man, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), says he is Arthur's partner, shows up in a port of call and starts stirring up problems. Eventually, Grisby asks O'Hara to enter a very dubious and dangerous plot. Foolishly, O'Hara agrees. Of course he gets it into quite a bit of trouble, and eventually, a number of mysteries are revealed. <br /> <br /> Maybe my problem and the movie lies in the fact that, so far, I'm not exactly a big fan of Orson Welles, and here, it produces, writes, directs and consumes most of the time the screen . I have not seen anywhere near the majority of Welles' work yet, but I was tended to love her later film, when she became a bit more farmer and performing artistic. I love F for Fake (Rights and Sufferings, 1974) for example, and I am like such performances at Casino Royale (1967), when it's bizarrely insisting on being allowed to perform magic tricks at a Baccarat table but Citizens Kane (1941) have never done much for me, despite giving it 3 or 4 lucky over the years (including about a year ago; my rating was a 7 - same as my current note for Lady Out in Shanghai). <br /> Welles' performance and the dialogue he wrote for himself comes in every way affiliated with firefighters with me. It's a bit of a motormouth, a bit of a green, and a little monotonous - it tends to sound like it's reading. His performance has reminded me of what I've seen in Welles' version of Moby Dick (listed on IMDb as 1999, but "completed" in 1971, he can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995 )), where it seems to be just reading the camera and believing it is naturally, sublime dramatic. I am also a person who has never complained about accent, but somehow Welles managed to make his Irish extreme sound affected and pretended to me too. <br /> As for the other performances, I can only say I thought Hayworth did an excellent job. Of course it's gorgeous, that does not hurt. Many candy eyes here. Like Welles, Sloane also seemed somewhat affected and firefighted with me - I never really bought his character, his disability, it's over, and Anders is merely rare where rare does not seem to fit. Welles often shoots him in near-up and Anders almost always has some over-exaggerated, fading expression on his sweaty face. Structurally, Lady from Shanghai is very unmatched. The 50 or 50 minutes are extremely bland and soap-operative, although the soap opera surgeries tend to approach from a tortuous oblique. Once Grisby introduces his plot, things pick up a bit, and especially improve as we are near the end. But by the time Lady from Shanghai gets a crime / mystery movie, it's too young too late, and it quickly gets into a room premiere room before suddenly, thrilling typing that comes almost out of nowhere and is on far too fast for her family excellence. The finish is more action-oriented, less-heavy dialogue, more varied and exotic environment, and at times, fairly abstract. Welles handles that combinations of materials skillfully as a director. If the Lady from Shanghai would have a largely a combination of crime / mystery stuff and the art finish, it could easily have been at least one 9. The final scenes are easy to 10s, such as Welles shifts from a Hitchcockian suspension scene in a San Francisco Chinese opera home to another suspense scene at a Chinese entertainment park. The highest point in funhouse used cinematography has been experimental for its time. It is well integrated with the script, as it allows a complex resolution and a lot of symbolisms in symbolism. The cinematography of all is interesting, though it usually can not make up for the issues in the foreground. Welles block scene and skill. There are plenty of attractive filmed environments, from Central Park to Acapulco in various San Francisco locations. Welles effectively creates symbolic effects for his actions, from the heights to emphasize and rain drops in Acapulco-like Caribbean-like labyrinth, the shots are very well framed with silhouettes of the San Francisco Aquarium, and so on. The romance material, for which the aquarium serves as a series, is interestingly prevented with a kind of annoyance throughout the movie, but on the other hand, making the romance never worked as romance. Serious Welles fans will appreciate the lady from Shanghai much more than I did, and of course it's worth a look if you like Rita Hayworth. Lady from Shanghai is not exactly a horrible movie, in my view, but it is dangerously close to "passing". Continue with caution.
