It is not like a movie like many people believe (including late haunting, who said it was his favorite movie). But due to the best sections of this noir film, particularly the justifiable famous "fun house" final, DADEN from Shanghai took a position of importance beyond its actual worth as a key to the legendary Orson Welles' failure to conquer Hollywood. <br /> By 1946 Welles' position as a Hollywood figure was mixed. CITIZEN KANE was not recognized as the big movie she had ever seen because of the road she was attacked by the Hearst press and by Hollywood initiated themselves. Welles' attempts at total control (direction and production and acting) in movies it seemed to threaten the whole system. His best work in this period was as Edward Rochester in JANE EYRE, supposedly shot by Robert Stevenson, but was actually shot in great measure (with Stevenson's blessing) by Welles. But the credit went to Stevenson. Only THE STRANGER, a film that benefits from a war of war in hiding Nazi criminal war, has made a profit. For five years in Hollywood he was barely a great record. <br /> <br /> Welles back to Broadway in 1946, hoping to recapture its critical ability by producing it at WORLD WORLD in 80 days. But despite Mike Todd's assistance, and Cole Porter's composition, the music was a failure. Her failure occurred just at the same time that his wife, Rita Hayworth, was on the rise and painting of GILDA. So the wedding went on the rocks too. <br /> <br /> Welles made money - his Broadway production led to his personal bankruptcy. She has sold her interest in the possible movie rights of the Todd world (which she would eventually rue), and she also sold the idea of ​​a movie about Henri Desire Landru's career to Charlie Chaplin, who was supposed to be directing her (and turned it to MONSIEUR VERDOUX). The story goes well, with a tax bill of $ 10,000.00 to worry about, calling Cohn and offering to make a movie with Rita for a down payment. Cohn wanted to do that, but naturally asked what the movie was. It was a wise question. Welles was on a pay phone in New York at a pharmacy that had a book department. He grabbed a book with the title of the DAD in Shanghai, and raved that it was a great thriller. Somehow Cohn's convincing conviction is virtually crafty that Welles knew what he was talking about. Cohn said he would look to getting their rights, and sent Welles down-payments to $ 10,000.00. After Cohn Hung up Welles bought the book and read it - and found it was really pretty bad. She spent time rewriting a treatment and scenario that would build Rita's character Elsa Bannister. <br /> <br /> Certainly it has a curious plot development. Michael O'Hara is a sworn / longshoreman. She delivers Elsa Bannister, when she is apparently attacked by gangsters in a park in San Francisco. Elsa married Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane) a criminal lawyer who has a great reputation. She persuaded him to hire Michael as the skipper of the yachts. The cruise also has Bannister's unpleasant partner George Grisby (Glenn Anders) and a Sidney Broome (Ted De Corsia) who turned out to be a detective hire by Bannister to watch Elsa. When Michael and Elsa can try to find time together, but Broome or Grisby keep showing. <br /> <br /> Grisby makes Michael an offer - he wants (for the purpose of connecting to so-called fatalistic view of modern societies) to drop out of it, pretending to be dead. According to Grisby (the draw becomes nourish here) he can always collect his life insurance (although dead?) And use it to run to the South Sea. He will pay Michael $ 10,000.00 if he will pretend to strike Grisby. This included actually signing a document admitted to the murder (Michael did not realize that such an ad would wip out the need to produce a corpse if all the other evidence suggests that Grisby is probably dead). Grisby kills course, and Michael was arrested, and for murder in Broome (shotgun Michael). Michael tried with Bannister to defend him and discovered that the latter would do a second job because he wanted Michael to be sentenced. Michael is convinced that Bannister is the actual murderer, and managed to escape just before the jury's wartime. It is knocked out and dropped off in a desert carnival, and this leads to the famous "fun house" sequence and conclusion of the movie. <br /> It's a very confusing film (as I commented on). That does not mean it's not worth seeing - visually it is striking. Witness battles between Michael and the trial trial trial, where he hit the executive in the IBS judge, hacked. Or the intelligent use of capturing photography Hayworth dived from a stone, reflecting on the Grisby Gut lecherous. <br /> <br /> The act is very good, in particular Sloane (possibly the best actor actor role role). Glenn Anders was a Broadway leader. He rarely made movies before Lady in Shanghai, and Grisby slimy it is unforgettable. Also, Ted De Corsia does very nicely with Broome - a detective who really looks for his own interests, at his own cost. <br /> <br /> As for Hayworth, it turned into a performance that was unlike most of what he did before (BLOOD and SAND, TALES OF MANHATTAN, and BLONDE in the Exceptional Exemption), and is a Mermaid memorable. Welles O'Hara is a very strange character for the actor - an easy, but naive man who learns the hard way not to believe what he secretly wants to believe. It's NOT KANE, AMBERSOMS, OTHEL, TOUCH OF EVIL, or CHIMES at night, but it's a good movie for all of that.
