Cleverly Sandwich between the Strang, a small film noir proving that Welles can do a horrible genre job on budget and over time and ironically proves its biggest office's success in the quarantine, and MACBETH, a no-budget Shakespeare adaptive shotgun In the Middle East accelerated in 23 days, the lady comes in SHANGAI, a black black film knit from the very same fabric of mythos Wellesian covering the MAGNIFICAN AMBERS, MR. ARKADIN and any other movie director did not manage to save from the clutches of studio bosses. Six years after the MALTESE FALCON, with the post-war crime craze of the full movie swing, Welles, still ahead of his time, a real visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity, contemplating a darker maze of darker worlds, plus disasters, paranois and serpentine than anything contemporary to him did at the time. No wonder the movie was so misunderstood in its time, to point out that one hour of footage was forever left in the bedroom floor off, and once again Europe has championed it as another Classic Welles. /> Certain set-pieces stand out. The aquarium scene with its flickering lights and ominous shadows, and of course the Funhouse / Hall in the Mirwar window which is as a classic piece of Wellesian bravura as any of the KANE CITIZEN or TRIAL. The only blame I found with the movie is Welles' ill-advised Irish accent and maybe some of the irregular correction of the first act. The story however unfurls in a practically fascinating manner, which cuts only serve intensify. I believe the versions are very cut off in Shangai and Ambersons to achieve a surreal quality for this issue. <br /> <br /> Welles would exile himself in Europe for ten years and return in 1958 to rescue another classic stonewall, the monument TOUCH EVIL, perhaps, the crown jewel of the noir film that was already on the day to reduce it at this time. Shangai was not successful in boxing a star car for Hollywood's premiere star in the time, Rita Hayworth, would be, and Welles Wedding and Hayworth ended before the movie was released. Sixty years later and one hour at less footage, Shangai is still one of the best movie noir pictures one chance to discover. Surely that should count for something.
