This might well have been the sequel to definite films of all time, not the Columbia Studios have been off much of the original Orson Welles. What we remain and is a defective but brilliant film that presents the overwhelming talent of Welles as an actor / director and Rita Hayworth as a serious dramatic talent. <br /> <br /> 'Lady from Shanghai' is the Noir movie in its most sizzling and confusing. Welles, with an unmatched accent, shows Michael O'Hara, a foolish Irishman, who, after a fateful meeting with the seduction, is dangerous Elsa Bannister (Hayworth, in a GREAT performance) finds herself normally forced to accept a job as a crewman on it and yatch it in the yacht (Everett Sloane) yacht. Elsa, or 'Rosalie' as Michael likes to call her, play the innocent, dolls discriminate very well, worrying O'Hara in her internet. As the lovers make a not-so-secret affair at sea, Arthur Bannister's partner in his firm, George Grisby (Glenn Anders) comes aboard. It's a strange, non-dignified figure that offers Michael a unique proposition: It will get $ 5000 to assist Grisby in the faking of Grisby's death, so it looks like murders. The plan is for Michael to get to a technique, and run in the sun with Elsa. But things do not go to plan. Hayworth delivers us one of the fatal female femmes of all time in a very brightly painted. Sometimes it looks really vulnerable to children like, in others brutal, world-weary and tough. Still it is brilliantly beautiful, whether it's appealing to her to be wet in a swimsuit or black dress, brandishing a gun. Hayworth is very good photo here, and it is a far-crying out of his famous 'Gilda' role. Then husband Orson Welles cuts his tradition of Auburn for a blonde dyed crop (angry Columbia boss Harry Cohn). It was a terrific marketing plot, and changed its costume to change beautiful mood. It is not female femdom fatality that 'Gilda' is, here- rather it is a predator, black-hearted lady who sees murder as a very useful option. <br /> <br /> Welles and Hayworth couple came to an air when the couple had extreme difficulties in their marriage. They would divorce after the movie was made, so this is also a curiosity to give some look to complicated relationships. They are lovers, not romantic, lovers of this, so it's hard to measure whether they have real chemistry on screen. Certainly every encounter is potent and full of raw sexuality, and Welles as the 'fallen guy' (she even admits herself in the movie!) And Rita as double-cross the babe. <br /> <br /> Welles character is typical 'noisy' noir and much sense. As Welles voice-on proves to be used, O'Hara does not really use her brain much "expect to be thinking of it (Elsa)." Welles usually played intelligent, charismatic friends, so turn it here as the dimly-witted Michael is amazing and very interesting. Indeed, Welles was an actor of fine talent and was pulling it well. Everett Sloane is decently thin as Hayworth's wedding husband. One of the wonders why he hired Michael. It is obvious that his wife is interested in his romantic, so why does he invite a 'threat' on board? An interpretation might be that Michael gives the "service" to his wife who Bannister can not be in his state disabled. There is certainly something in this theory, and a lot of implications toward Elsa's behavior before she met her husband (it was some sort of prostitute?) Grisby's knowledge of Bannister's most secretive being hinted at several scene. This is a movie, intricate film and a strip that is ultimately flawed. We are more interested in the love triangle than the murder plot, as with most noir. Welles provide us with plenty of stunning standard of its cinemas, including the room justifiably 'in mirrors' walls. It's a terrific scene, one end that can almost eradicate the early mistakes of the movie and lift it into greatness. This fun home scene is visually stunning, with a dali-like feel of the painted sets (apparently Orson paints itself). Subtle visual imagery used in the film by Welles to enhance the scheme and make this a thought-provoking experience. The dialogue is burning and confusing, deliberately delivered by the variety of Rita's voices suffered and discouraged, high-breaking girl-voice. Hayworth has proved her ability to act in this one, and she proved she is the ultimate femme fatal in 'noir'. It's a pity (only a little bit, just as Rita was a brilliant dancer) that he made a lot of fun again and often missile forgettable to Columbia in the 40's instead of black-themed noir like this. She was a brilliant actress when she was given a chance to show her talent. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
