It's very hard to say just what was going on with "Lady from Shanghai" and what the movie could be without interference studio. Orson Welles' first interest in the film at this point was to raise money for his theater; Well, financing his own project is what drove him to seek act. She made "Lady from Shanghai" for her soon to be ex-wife, Rita Hayworth. Harry Cohn was scared for the image of Rita and held back this movie release for a year. <br /> <br /> The plot concerns an Irish sailor, Michael O'Hara, who falls in love with Else (Hayworth, stunning and short hair blonde). Her husband is a well-known criminal lawyer Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane) who is as crippled about the inside as it is out. He hired O'Hara to work on his yacht, and O'Hara has been drawn deeper and deeper into a website of murders and lies. <br /> "Lady from Shanghai" moves at a snail's speed, though I agree with one of the posters that today's films are criticized for taking time to build a plot. Still, this movie shooters. The scene of the fun house is fantastic - Welles wanted it without music, though, and I believe the studio cut it down. It's a shame. The entire picture is stunning, atmospheric, bold, and very stylish. Welles was an excellent, handsome young, charismatic actor and has a magnificent voice and technique, but in many films, it's almost as if he does not trust himself or does not take the time to develop a character. Instead it relies on external as accent and fake nose. One of the only times he did not do this was "Tomorrow is Forever," where the director gets an excellent, deeply felt performance out of it. Unlike "Compulsion" where it shows he is a master of best techniques acting as he telephones his performance. Here Welles is doing four times homework - like director, star, co-writer and narrator. Articles for a completely necessary and intense accent was a quick way to characterize. But it is still compelling. <br /> <br /> The players are excellent, including Sloan and Glenn Anders. Hayworth, gorgeous and soft-voice (singing it again armed by Anita Ellis) is as usual a complete goddess and one of the great screen presence. What a sad life for such a vibrant beauty. Any movie that Orson Welles directs is worth seeing, and "Lady from Shanghai" is no exception. But this one leaves the frustrated viewer, like the "Magnificent Ambersons" - as does any Welles work done in the studio system. It was a great artist who should have given a king of Judah; it was not. It was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom, but as is proven by some of his later work, he needed the structure of the studio. Alas, he could not have both.
