The first mystery is to guess that the original Welles movie was like. Which makes this a real adventure - to see an incomplete skeleton and using cinematic forensics, imagining the beautiful woman he once supported. <br /> <br /> If you do, you'll both see and experience maybe one of the best mystery movie ever. As the mystery goes, the narrative is rather ordinary: a simple rehab, one husband who is jealous as red herring. What's rather miraculous is Welles' place in the story of an artificial eye to see a black, dark world crowded. The first real noir, but even darker. It's not a obviously twisted world, unless you think about the camera. What we can see is a person who creates a vocabulary that would later become commonplace. <br /> For all the celebration, Kane was a success because of the great drama and story. The camera's eye was shocking, but experimental. Welles would go out there to explore the mystery narrative and top-references to Shakespeare with this eye. Othello and MacBeth both begin this period, and I consider them part of one vision and that. <br /> <br /> The hole feels here hinges on the notion that people are not in charge of their lives, even a little bit - they are manipulated by random factors in the environment. So, in telling this story, Welles made the setting of a character. Several characters as suspect of the mystery. So we have the famous lighting, blocking and angles we know (and have since seen countless times). And we have to close down: the park, yacht, picnic area, aquarium, dock, courtroom, Chinese theater and funhouse. I'm sure that what has been slashed by the illuminated was very numerous and many 'external' narrative not to deal with characters but with those strange settings. My own solution to the mystery is that the funhouse has made it, amongst other character-settings are presented as suspicious. In other words, the Irish Black Manipulation (which we know from notes and one jumping from the union room was an aspiring novelist) was not a force in human scheme (the park or the civilized version, courtroom) neither in nature (the picnic or the civilized version, the aquarium). <br /> Instead it was a matter of deliberate caprice by the gods for entertainment. This is of course a self-reference that Welles is doing: putting these people (including themselves) to hell for ourselves, a problem aroused by the Peking Opera and Welles doped them. And of course that leads to the funhouse where the environment directly tinkers and perceptions. <br /> <br /> More on the self reference: surely there are comments commenting on his relationship and it soon to be exquisite. But I believe there is strong subconscious comment on his own taunting environment in which he worked, the studio environment. Truly Welles was as much aimed at, and in much the same way as his character. And that fucks took the form of the murder of this movie, leaving the rotten corpse mentioned at the beginning of this comment. <br /> <br /> That poor Rita from China ties up the whole thing, the Chinese theater, hoping to rape from above, the loss of the woman. The investment in environment beyond all.
