As I watched one of the last contributions of Orson Welles in Hollywood as a movie star, I knew I was watching a big movie unfold, though at times I did not know why. The story of the Lady from Shanghai has the prime elements of a film-noir: medium-Joe lead, females fatal, obvious character support, and a comprehensible if structure draws a bit entangled. It's a fun ride, and it's full of rubbish with Welles 'unique gifts as a director, but there are trendy scenes just do not work, or do not feel full of that's Welles' full vision (the latter is unfortunately near true executive producer Harry Cohn and exile Columbia are blaming for that). Welles co-star and his wife then profoundly gay Rita Hayworth's, as Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can and does crap about the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who plays Mr. Bernstein of Citizens Kane), who is accompanied by a friend Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in his eyes). They want to go sailing over the yachts and take O'Hara along for the ride, and at first it's reluctant, but agree since it has fallen for husbands to marry. As the unfolding trips, O'Hara finds that Bannister and Grisby are not nice to be around, and more so with Grisby, who first gathered from his pitch. But as the draw begins, O'Hara draws in a scam that Grisby is planning for insurance, with the result that I dare not reveal (although they are discussed and not by others). Whatever responsibility pop up here and there's part of the mystery of the story (and these few apparent moments where the shots were studio dictated), their performance and look at the movie are what keeps striking after more than fifty five years . Though he does not have the Dark Tolland (DP Kane's) in his side, Genuine Charles Lawton Jr helps Welles to create an atmosphere of both elegant and strong, covered in shadow, deep focus, low angle, work . A particular accomplishment is the fun-house fun scene, which is merely a highlight among others. Welles himself is always dependable as an actor - though his accent is not special-and Hayworth himself makes a slightly lush scene, despite his path to the story. Lady from Shanghai is worthwhile, especially for Welles, Hayworth, or film-noir enthusiasts (fans of the Coen brothers might find this fascinating as well). It may just take a while, repeat view (as was for the wrong Touch), for the hidden motives of the sinking scheme.
