These are extract from a new page "Memo to Mr. Cohn from Mr Welles", written after Orson had seen Harry Cohn's studio model edited in the photo (he took an hour out): " The Preview Music Preview was written by a first-rate composer, George Antheil Although not written for our picture all, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and threats combined with something lush and romantic thing that made it acceptable Only the idea of ​​music that seems to have happened to this composer (Heinz Roemheld) is the one rather tired of using a popular song - the "theme" - in many arrangements as possible .. Time we have music references to "Please Do not Kiss Me" for almost every bridge and also for a great deal of material background. The end is fun, it can be done very well on the Hit - Ladies Lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy .. Roemheld is an ardent devotee of an old fashioned fashion scoring now referring given in our busines as "Disney". In other words, if someone falls down, he makes a "falling" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc. If the lab had been scratching initial and phone numbers in the negative, I could not unhappier The result ... Just before I left to go abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, the editor) to make a cut that would involve dropping the crash near the taxi-taxi and also quite a bit of dialogue. I am convinced that this would have an excellent cut ... saving many feet needed in the opening opening slows (this was not done, accounting for the main weakness of the movie opening coil) ... Nothing in the reality of Rita's dive guarantees a great orchestral crescendo ... What matter is Rita's beauty ... The evil okupon suggests by Grigsby's character, and Michael's confusion. Anything or all this could inspire the music. Instead, the dip is treated as if it were a major point or some antique moment in a Symphony Comic: a pratfall by Pluto pup, or a wild jump in space by Donald Duck ... There is no sound atmosphere the ship. A small wind and water are seriously missed. There is no point in photographing a scene on a real pirate if you make it sound as though it all happened in front of a process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... at the temporary note we used a very curious, sexy latino-american strain ... This was replaced with something "dramatic" sequence - bad stuff stock ... This sort of music destroys the unusual quality that is exactly what might be Save Lady from Shanghai from being just another whodunit ... There's a huge explosion of music after Grigsby's line, "I want you to kill him." This is absurd ... The Hawaiian guitar from the radio ... was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point. As it stands now, it's about the same level as the rest of the scoring. None of the audience can possibly suspect that we are kidding ... the aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please do not kiss me" is in again! ... An evil dubbing and weak work has destroyed the character of Michael running down the pier. From the bullet of phone calls, a precautionary pattern of voice was built with the expense of much time and effort. For some reason, this has all been junked in favor of a wave hullabaloo. As a result, the whole sequence seems dull ... The audience should feel at that point, along with Michael, maybe they're crazy. New job jobs can only make them feel that maybe they're going to sleep ... The weapon battle and the mirrors do not have to lean back with music ... the music closed yet to make the reference "Please Do not Kiss Me" .. This final is obvious to the point of vulgarity, and crash crashes in the finish of the picture. "All these edits from Orson were ignored
