Put in Japan, Ashura is the story of Demons that take over the earth. Mostly it is far more complicated, but the arching story should not be forgotten. Japan is in turmoil, and demons occupy the forms of roaming the soil. Generally speaking demons look and act like people, but that's wrong. Japanese words used are not only spirits, but rather the classic form of 'ogre' which is a mythological creature of some historic highs. We are talking about animals that would look more like gods than simple simple kids who ate. <br /> However in human form all that remains is the green eyes and green teeth, which appear when put under any sort of stress. In order to save the world from demons there are demons-slayers. Worthy and skilled warriors who can spot and defeat most of the evil spirits, and guard the way-between hell and real world. These are the basic premises. The story begins with a festival in a local town. Among these festivities, 3 people climb in, dressed in black, seemingly intent on hurting. Villages are running, except those who are demonic in nature, who turn green-eyed and try to kill them. Demons-Slayers end up killing on the majority of demons. From here the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when at the gate of hell a fortune-telling demon appeared three guardian doors, revealing the arrival of Ashura. With it, come to the end of the kingdom of men, and begin the reign of the demons. Ashura however requires some forms of birth process, the first step that occurred during the opening battle, but that will not reveal you until you see the movie. 3 Demons-Slayers are a wise old man, a powerful man again, with a skilled and compassionate warrior. Suddenly you can see the split between them, the old man wants to stop the evil spirits, the powerful one wants to lower them to increase their ego wanting maniacal and the third stop the second. Along the way she meets a woman that she starts to take fancy, and believes herself have a special relationship with. It's in turn is a brigand that is good-natured, sought after by the authorities. When two finally faces face to face, he puts his hand on his shoulder, and suddenly he is scathed by a mark on his shoulder. Needless to say, the brand is not a good sign. What indices are a battle for the earth, a battle between both good and evil, as it should, but also between good and good oneself. The point for me in this movie was something else than I thought it would be. I came to think he would either have a fast-paced movie action style with demon, or a horror movie with bad and bad animal love that could be seen in Ringu and Ju-on. I was however the best mistake possible way. The story it seemed to me is an adaptation of a very old Japanese game, and plays itself out as such, combining the essence of the driven action of adrenaline with a great concept, an amazing narrative, and a style that makes You have to think rather than just sitting in Gore. Many scenes are painted with luxurious dialogue between two characters of love that will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It became a practically theatrical experience that took your breath away. The film makes use of some Immaculate landscape and camera-works comparable to many great samurai films in our day but adds to it a well-thought and classic draw. With great action, great music, and stunning scenes, it must look in my book. <br /> <br /> What they said, it needs the warning that it is not for everyone. It's not early to horror emotions, it's not balls of action in the wall. It's a horror-style style style. It has a lot to say and take the time to do this, flying in the conventional one-mate. Like Japanese plays, the interchange between characters can last a long time before they come together for a quick yet wonderful battle scene. If you can enjoy something, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie slasher flicks and draw little and overly overlooking, then you can easily look something else. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is a unique and amazing, which keeps you riveted and amused. It has good writing, good acting, and good direction. It's all in all a solid solid film.
