I must admit I'm a little surprised and disappointed by some of the very negative comments this movie seems to provoke. I think it's a big movie / sci fi. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic Saturn satellite space flight. While in space it contracts some rare and unknown diseases. She wakes up in a hospital bed, she looks like a mirror and her face is her melting point! Escape the hospital supervision, and hide from some local woods surrounding a small town. Unfortunately it begins to develop a rapidly growing hunger that can only satisfy when eating other people. It must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Take care of the human beings start its reign in fear! It's up to his old friend Ted Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try and help him. She worked alone as her chief General Perry (Myron Healey) wants her to keep ultra tranquil. Nelson can not even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious as General Perry turns as some of the local townspeople begin to turn half food. I do not really understand why this movie gets like negative reviews, what people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. The movie star is unmistakably Rick Bakers Special Make-up and the bad effects that for the most part are excellent, and the reality of all the prosthetic effects and no terrible garbage cgi makes them even better. Writer and Director of William Sachs is not afraid to use them either, we find some nice long persistent close shots in the incredible blunt man and hold very well, even now. Photography, music and direction are a little dull, but professional enough. The script manages to create some sympathy for the monster, vaccine in his alleged home at Ted Nelson, or when he sees his own reflection in some water and reacts to violence. The finish, put in a big factory in some sort, is nice downbeat so do not expect any happy ending. What amazed me. Also, the script does not really do anything with the quotation, it just walks around melting and killing, and his friends try to stop it, maybe a bit too simple. Personally, I think the worst bit of the film is near the start when the fat nurse runs down a hospital corridor in slow motion, its screams also feature in slow motion, it looks like totally ridiculous sound! You need to see it believe it! I love this movie a lot and recommend it to Fantasy's 70 and 80's / fans. A bit of my favorite.
