Astronaut Steve West (Alex Rebar) and his comrades undertake a space mission that sees them flying into the rings of Saturn. His comrades died instantly, but it would seem that they are in fact the same chances. Steve returns to Earth a mass patient still in mass cocoa; As he turns into a wild assassin, melting every step of the road, he is being tracked by his friend, Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning). This is often so uproariously funny - with absurd enough lines and situations to go through - it's hard for me to believe that laughs are all unintentionally. It seems to me to be kind of a goof on low-budget genre effort from '50 to 60 years, and as such, it's a wonderful movie. The sequence and the nurse are simply hilarious. We even processed a cracked screen sequence that does not really add anything, but it's still a gas to watch. <br /> <br /> Writer / director William Sachs deserves credit to come up with the idea of ​​this innovative spirit; Its ultra-slimy character is one memorable indeed. I think its rhythm is a little off; Some scenes (like one with the elderly couple) go on for a while, but finally it delivers solid, schlocky, B-movie goods with a degree of panache. The bigger score is especially fun. Arlon Obers' music is enjoyable brilliant (yet also amusingly funny for some moments), and Cinemas's Cinemas cinemas create some really great shots at times. This brings me to fantastic makeup and convincing Rick Bakers', which forms a highly respectable center for the film, right down to the ultimate final dissolution. Rebar is under the heavy makeup for almost all films (Sachs also has my praise for having the movie hit the ground running) and doing what he did well enough. DeBenning makes for a hero rather oafish and dummy, and Ann Sweeney is not so hot either as his wife, but Myron Healey, Michael Alldredge, and Lisle Wilson are fine in support. It is also worth it to see popularity like Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith (performing a topless shot), Janus Blythe (in Tobe Hoopers '"Eaten Alive" and Wes Cravens' "Hills Have Eyes"), and even director Jonathan Demme in a small part. <br /> This is a very humourous and amusing midnight movie Gore, thrill, and laughs it as worth taking to lovers of low-grade Sci-Fi / Horrors everywhere. <br /> 8/10
