The first, anyone looking for meaningful "oriented" movies that packs some sort of social message and reliable performances and dialogues to seek soul-speaking souls, emotive, sincere heartfelt, please let out now. You are wasting your time and short life, going to see the new movie Brangelina Jolie, have a good cry, go out & buy a hybrid car or throw your diamond controversy if that makes you feel better and leave you alone li. br /> <br /> Do not let the door hit you on the way out either. MEMBERS OF MEMBER INFORMATION is a B class of regional epic epic epic era in Oklahoma's Desert at a young, friendly TV set with crew, and anxiety itself with an astronaut that is exposed to scarce radiation, waking up in a hospital, and finds that Her body liquefying on her as she sat there feeling like a chump. The melting man was played by one Alex Rebar, who is recognized for the first four minutes of the film. But once it begins its ozone 'and the extraordinary effects of Rick Baker's specialty it is more like something you might get in a tin of spam before drainage of all the flowing glucans in fat. <br /> <br /> The film has zero display and not bandy on and draw points: There are a couple of scenes involving quality scientists riding around an absurd industrial industrial carrier that consciously recounts a few required lines on the effects of radiation but the movie does not care, really. It's a freak show and a wonderful one in that with a sense of humanitarian desires in humor for those who can be in the stomach - A big laugh comes when the melting man on a young girl in the jungle and so in a loss for what one of her eyes pops out. The "Hero" of the movie is played by Burr DeBenning, a fascinating character actor from the 1970s' golden & 80s TV show that was sort of an early model for Kevin Spacey's prototype; slightly twisted, neurotic, and one step ahead of most everyone in the room even though it looks confused. It appeared just after this film was made in a rare way for TV tile anthology TV called HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or ALIEN area) considered one of the finest movies ever made in Oklahoma, which is where I suspect This film was also made. Arid, the cold rural rural is certainly the same, and the creek that one unlucky flying string chose for his afternoon in sports appears to be the same one that Cameron Mitchell fights in flying aliens without blood caution ... which also has a sickness sense of humor, a friendly TV set, and some nice outrageous Gore. I definitely sense at least an aesthetic connection between the three movies, as well as the silence of lamps with no surprise considering that Jonathan Jonathan Demme director is part of Melting Man's cast. Essentially, as others have been pointing out, this is a 1950s B film scheme uphall for later years of the era of special era and saints inevitable. The film it probably borrows most of it's ideas from is PHANTOM in space and Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after exposing to Funky radiation effects that puts it on on a killing spree. One of the things that I actually admire about the movie is that absolutely no regard is given for motivation of the merger: It simply goes on a rampage and drama the movie out to ask if it will fall into pieces before certain characters fell victim to his madness. The budget for the movie is also delightfully low and every passing cent on it is up on the screen, Rick Baker's disgusting effects will get the lion's share of everything that happened. <br /> <br /> Sick, disgusting best fun enjoyed with a crowd of friends and many beer. Why can not people make more movies like these? <br /> <br /> 8/10
