PEOPLE ... ... a tragic victim in the space race, he died MELTING ... never understood the race had time to gone ... .. <br /> A man (Burr DeBenning) burns his hands on the kitchen oven. But instead of screaming something a NORMAL man would call, he spoke something that sounds like "AAAAATCH-KAH !!" This movie you popped in ... is not a normal movie. You just got your first step in eating the incredible person, the famous late-70 movie featuring Rick Baker's beautiful makeup effects. Baker was just on the edge of becoming a superstar, and made this at the same time as his famous "Canta Alien" in the War of Star. For some strange reason, STAR war has become a home name, and unbelievable Melting Man did not. <br /> It might have something to do with the fact that this movie is just mind-numbingly awful. From the opening credits ("Alex Rebar begins as an incredible multiple man" ... that's exactly what he says!), The chubby nurse runs through a glass door, at the top of the sailor going on a waterfall and crushing graffiti apart from some rocks, this movie gives many, many moments of absolute incomprehensibility. "Why are they ... how is it coming ... why are they?" After a while, you are asked to ask why and look it as it is - a very fun piece of garbage. <br /> <br /> An astronomer returns to earth in a radioactive molten condition; he saved and his mind disintegrates as well as his body, starting a melting spree. Authorities quickly decide that the fusion of the man must be suspended, but (probably does not want to "cause a panic") to be captured as slowly as possible. So they send one guy and a Geiger counter behind him. Wow. <br /> <br /> History, amazing little happening during the movie. The melt guy wanders around murder. A doctor searched for him with a counter of Geiger. Various characters are presented, ask questions, and leave. Eventually the doctor captures with the meltdown, but is shot by a security guard for no reason, after explaining that he is "Dr Ted Nelson." The melted man wanders and finally melts into a puddle of gooey. End a. <br /> It's brainless that it somehow ends up being a lot of fun, despite a fairly downbeat finish. Suppose, a great DVD DVD is planned. A very special movie.
