I've always loved this comedy as one of those of all time seriously trying to cope with the US government's annual tax requirement. Did he read a tax code? It is a trial to follow in multiple paragraphs that our Congress and senators are pushing to help their financial journal and various interest groups. Despite claims that it is fair, the tax code still lions partly in the burden on the middle and working classes rather than rich and influential. Most of the various paragraphs are meant to use - go in the shape of 1040 or 1040A average and look at the variety of different investment and business ventures all of which have a different set of rules. Most people will never have any use for that. The story here is that a wealthy landowner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to tip over the IRS that its neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) have not paid taxes in 20 years. The Baltimore office at the IRS is under Fred Clarke, and it is snapping upwards for Ober and his influence. He sent Tony Randall to check out the situation. <br /> <br /> Randall finds Douglas, Merkle, and three girls and two boys are very decent people, who rarely need for cash (to get together on farms to produce and exchange with their neighbors ). But Randall, trained in clear (IRS) lines of the tax code, tries to pin the parent family. But gradually Douglas remarks that Reynolds is fond of Randall, and he holds Randall's bra from his tear, eventually getting her drunk. It also makes it difficult for Randall to leave no engine in his car removed "for repairs" by his two sons. The draw follows the growing growing and urban friction, vastly ambitious Randall, with land, Reynolds love lives. They make a nice couple actually. Eventually, after Ober complains, Randall is sent back to shame and Clarke (a better cookie) gets down to bronze nails. And come with a very large tax bill, which will be possible to ruin Douglas's family. The movie does not end there - it ends happily, but it reminds us that the power of tax is the power to destroy, and that the Government does, all too often, go for destruction. A luck in a million tollies saved the family, but it's so rare that we know it's just a dramatic trick. More realistic is how Clarke's boss, (Charles Lane) cut off the sense of "helping" the Ober does not suggest that the next year his tax will look more closely. After that Ober is rather green.
