Many critics felt offensive that R.Wassbinder described both Wilkie and Nazi protagonists in this film in a manner similar to those. People from other film Fassbinder, however, will realize that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder "Movie Theaters" such as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder convinced that "stories can tell better women than men," because, according to Fassbinder, while men generally meet the role of society, "women can think in a dialectic way". Dialectics, however, means that there is not only a thesis with its antithesis as usually in our black-and-white world, but a synthesis of opposition to coincide. In addition, dialectics means that because of the third example of synthesis is the sheer opposition to the difference between thesis and antithesis abolished. Conversely speaking: Starting from a point of view and displaying the state of fascism, the underground fighters must necessarily use basic means such as heads of do, and between offenders and victims have a chiastic relationship, so that each offender is also victim and each victim is also offender. Fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme, beyond the classic logic, in his play "The City, the Garbage and the Death" (1975) filmed by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> Therefore, approaching a contentious controversial topic like Nazi Germany, in a dialectical way, the deposition of this time in the form of a film becomes even more controversial, especially for those who can not or will not see that our recognition of the world is by far not exhausted with a primitive light-switch scheme, but needs the third example of synthesis as monitored examples of opposing dissertation members and comparisons. The mutual relationship between offenders and victims has scrutinized, because it is simply not true that the offenders are the ones that are bad and the good victims. In a synthetic opinion, the bad people involved in the kindness as good to participate in the cruelty. They are mutually relevant. In a world-view based on classic logic, a good and bad relationship can not even be established, and in a system based ethically insufficient logic, the bad awareness of the survivors of Nazi Germany, feeling (illogically enough) responsible for the deeds of the ancestors, exclude the possibility of a relationship between the extreme and thus a synthesis of the form of a new assessment based on this relationship. From Fassbinder's dialectical views, it follows that neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can be convicted of "misuse" in the dominant system for private purposes, because they are not misused, they just use them. In the opposite, since the victims must repeat the actions of the offenders as offenders must repeat the actions of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are not long-drawn image images of one another as in two-value The logic, strategies are legitimized by the chastity structure of a logic that describes our world, that's not black and white at all, better than a black-and-white logic.
