Until the 1990s they never had a film based on "Emma" in Jane Austen. Then two came together in the same year of 1996. Or, if you counted 1995 "Clueless", the last draw Austen in a modern American high school, three to two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from a well-established family of Regency England. She is, financially, considerably better than most heroine heroines like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny's Prix, and she does not need to find herself a wealthy husband. Instead, her primary focus seems to be her husband for her friends. She convinced her friend Harriet to turn a marriage proposal into a young farmer, Robert Martin, who believes Harriet should put his sights on former Mr Elton minister. This scheme goes without bad drug, however, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but he fell in love with Emma himself. The speed with which Emma rejected her proposal made one wonder just why she was so keen to match her friends and a man she considered (with good reason) as an unparalleled marriage partner for herself. This is a plot of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be less of a spinster engaging that she looks, and she finds herself falling in love, leading to more hassle. Today in 2008 Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, despite being only a year younger, was not nearly as well known internationally as Gwyneth Paltrow. It is, however, just as convincing as well-intentioned, but often poorly-led Austen heroine. Beckinsale seems to have been a gift for classical roles - he made a delightful hero in Kenneth Branagh's version of "Many Ado on anything" - and I sometimes find myself wanting that Hollywood could find more suitable roles rather than wasting him. in turkeys such as "Pearl Harbor" or "Midnight". <br /> I prefer Jeremy Northam Mark Strong as Mr Emma's favorite love Emma, ​​largely because he came closer to my own conception of the character as a gentleman, older man, in some way more of a father-figure Emma spent a lover. (His name is probably meant to indicate gentleman's gentleman-ninth century gentlemanly love to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights and their elaborate ropes). Major tends to reduce the question of age differences (it is 37, and 21) and make Knightley more of a passionate lover and less of a wise counsel than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who would go to bigger things) is perhaps closer to Harriet in the novel than was Toni Collette. This was the smallest small scale of the two versions, made for TV rather than the cinema, and the sets and costumes seem less lavish and having fewer big names among the cast. Drama costume, however, is generally something that British television does well, and this version can certainly keep its own and the movie version; Both are fun and well-designed versions of the Austen novel. 7/10
