Rumor has it around the time that ABBA ?? The multi-award-winning disko favicon star has reached its genius, the group grew depressing and singing in English and wanted to be in their native language. Shortly after, the issues began to emerge from partnership partnerships that were not closed and registered with the registry that became less and less frequent. The group melts, albeit unofficially, in 1982 and pop lost one of its most celebrated artists. Although they never admit that there's any truth in these rumors, the fact remains that ABBA would never have been so successful being only registered in their native language. If you want to appeal to the biggest money market for the entire world, then you must provide for English speaking audiences. <br /> It's amazing for me that as a small island that is located a stone-throw away from the European continent could be created perhaps the most recognized, although not the most widely spoken, world language. Everyone speaks a little English; whether it be merely 'hello' or a common oath - you will find an English speaker almost everywhere. Pedro Galindo obviously did not agree, because hellfire Trampa has never been subtitled for global consumption until he recently released on DVD budget. This is a real shame, because it's actually a decent slasher movie that's a lot better than many of its language-speaking genres compatriots. <br /> <br /> The film launches in the territory somewhat familiar to a pistol duel. Two identified characters show sneaking around a delamitous complex looking for each other for the final final showdown. After some suspense and a couple of missing misses, one of the pistol results is victims. Next we learn that only gun paintball and the two competitors are actually young people from the local town. Nacho and Mauricio are angry rivals and Mauricio is constantly trying to prove himself to be better than his soft-speaking opponent, but as yet he has not succeeded. <br /> <br /> Later that night, also the gunslinger victorious celebrated his triumph with his girlfriend Alejandra and his friend Charly, Mauricio enters the bar and says he has one last challenge for his glorious enmity . He says that this will be the competition that will prove to be the city once for all who deserve the full respect. Nacho is at first hesitant because Alejandra warns him of the dangers of continuous competitiveness, but it eventually succumbs to the weight of peer pressure and agrees; much of the enclosure of his morally superior partner. They plan head out of the remote region of Filo de Caballo, because recent press coverage has reported that many people have been hounded by what locals believe to be a vicious bear. Mauricio proposes that anyone who kills the animal can be considered the greatest and it also promises that it will be the last fight that he wages against his opponent. <br /> <br /> After visiting the stock army up on guns and ignoring the warnings of the elderly-keeper keeper, the group laid out in the alienation of the solitary woodland. Hunters gets hunted as they learn that the 'bear' is actually a Vietnam homicide vessel that is constantly ignorant that the war ended and considered everyone as his enemy. What started as a competition adventure suddenly became a battle for survival as they jumped and killed by the malware killer. <br /> I've also collected Trampa also studied in Madrid from a Mexican student who lived in the dorm room - See me. I remember that the copy I was looking at was faulty and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the final credit roll, which meant I had never reached the final scene. Fortunately I came across the budget DVD recently on Amazon and subsequently added it to my collection. <br /> <br /> Slasher Gallindo is an amazingly good effort that excels from its adept and draws enthusiastic, which attempts to cover areas not usually approached by slasher movies. It is in fact so good that it reminds me of more than one occasion at the Arnold Schwarzenegger Classic Predator. This is mostly evident in the scenes that show jazz of the creepily-masked killer in the jungle and follow the panic-tricks as they struggle to escape the playground maniac. <br /> Despite obvious Gallindo's awareness of Platypus genre (The Bogeyman even uses a Freddy Kruegar's claw-fingered glove); Trampa also attempts to add something different to the standard model. Also the majority of exiles played by the concrete rules of the category, the third final announces a crucial step in individually as the menu arm itself with a machine gun and entice hero of his lair for the final confrontation. From here, the movie rapidly swaps styles and gets almost a movie action, depending on your taste will either motivate or disappoint you. The recent slasher who tried to crossbreed the two genres was that the fourth fourth 'Cheerleading' entry, which is not necessarily a good thing. As is the case with many Latin films (especially Spain flicks by Almodovar and Amenabar), Trampa has a subtle undercurrent of a moral in its history, which is successfully transformed without ramming down the viewer's gulf. On to indulge in the temptations of competitive virility and you may not always be the winner. It is a cycle-coated point, but it's busy enough enough to not detect from the fun of the feature. <br /> <br /> Trampa can cheese, but it deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the best slasher late. The assassin looks great at fatigious creepy host and Valentine-style white masks and the attempts of originality just about to work. He may miss the most heartfelt horror gamer enjoying, but it has enough in terms of suspense and creativity to guarantee at least one look.
