After Garbo's introduction to the sound of Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie", Jacques Feyder made a German version of the movie where all the cast, except for Garbo, was different. While the American version is still more available in the USA and most of the American viewers have primarily seen this version, Germna "Anna Christie" is likely to be seen in Europe. As I saw both films, I feel the right to compare the two very-knit production. Is Jacques Feyder's film different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what movies they both have in common. They have identical sets, very similar scripts to the same chronological scenes presented. Here, you also get the story of the young woman who comes back to her dad after years of absence and trying to start a new life. Here, we also have the humorous, though a bit shorter, the sequel to the amusement park. However, when emphasizing Garbo itself, I address the first difference. It does not seem to cause such a curiosity while speaking. The viewer focuses more on acting than on the way he speaks, held, most likely, in 1931 viewers. Garbo was very good in American films and it is also pretty good here. But for me, it seems even more genuine in the German version. It is apparent that Garbo does not focus on the road saying the words that many (this effort has been artificially created by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). German is not very well pronounced; But no one cares: everything is perfectly understandable. Therefore, I can easily say the same thing I did in my American version comment: Greta Garbo Scale! <br /> But the different film of one very important issue: the rest of the cast. Here comes the question: what painter looks more fascinating, which is one better for sure? Differences are full of variety. Salka Quarter (or Salka Taxman), Vivian Garbo's friends, does not perform the work as great as Marie Dressler in the role of Marty Owens. It's not bad, it's different, sometimes overacts (out of today's perspective) but not yet genuine in the role as Marie Dressler who always amuse us and whose moments have absolutely stopped a test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the movie and this opinion, though appear to be skeptical of course, bring some truth. Theo Shall is more sympathetic like Matt than Charles Bickford, but when applied to it, this is not the problem of many performances as the material looks. Who is shining in the German "Anna Christie", who is really worth the greatest attention is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs. Hans Junkermann is like a day vs night difference. Junkermann shows a real alcohol addict, a person with hope, and fears, who overdo his daughter. The scene of Anna's first meeting with her father is really nice, the opening moment of Chris's and Marty's conversations are memorable particularly thanks to her facial expressions and an impeccable performance. Junkermann is the Chris whom you love, who you sometimes laugh at, whom you sympathize with, who left a picture of a calm calm alcohol in mind. Great! If you've seen the American "Anna Christie" and you have a chance to get the German version, I would highly recommend you this movie because it's a slightly different look at the story, a nice and accurate way to compare, a Clarence Brown's fine film enrichment and, first, a wonderful chance to discover a wonder of performance: Hans Junkermann. Scale or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
