Frail Carne, just before his great period. Although it is sometimes reluctant to attract, and marble by length, HOTEL DU NORD is full of the faded charm and typical beauty of French films in the late 1930s, as well as a relative lightness of strangely earnest with this director a. All his great virtues here: the interiors cramped breaks up by sliding, complex, tasty cameras; a melancholy deployment of light and shadow; Noteworthy, recklessly lying by Alexander Trauner, who are so evoked that, as the title suggests, takes on a personality to put their own training; Slowly painful music at Maurice Jaubert; a seemingly casual plot of romance, tragedy and fatalism that projected a nectar on its characters; Extraordinary performances by some of the greatest players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, the biggest movie chess, and I find myself surprised (as someone who usually teaches, its importance) admitted it, is its script. She has a lot of understanding and poignancy, but without poetry and regular irony, Carne collaborator Jacques Prevert has brought in the best films, she can not avoid the cliche slide (though it is only the retrospective cliche). Officially placed in the home, the movie sets up its open mind ideas in the community and two interconnections of love, endearing, and emotional, metaphysical and current insulation The Love Love Story is the one that works less well. Annabella is pretty much, but it's not very good at making tragic, while the Aumont callowness, brilliantly appropriate though it may, by nature it obtrudes any real, felt, romance. Maybe it's just me, but I find it hard to sympathize with a couple, so young, so attractive, who, after only a few months, are so loud and desperate that they have to shoot with each other. Lin-flying is also embarrassing too. Of course, this matter does not mean that they can be possible - they are symbolic of youth, hopes and possibilities they have broken into France, or perhaps France itself, despair, resignation, waiting for death. For the symbols to be really powerful, they must be convinced of a narrative level, which, I feel, is not quite here. <br /> <br /> What saved draws is its connection to the story of M. Edmond, a character linked to the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we only learn it gradually, he is a killer in hiding, living in the harem played by Arletty, having dub of his accomplice. In his previous 'role' - and the theater in his position is critical - he has one characteristic feature; In hiding it was supposed to oppose their fullness. Living a life instead of victory, it is deeply shaken by the lovers park, and becomes fatalist, to realize the frustration of trying to cheat death. In this way - the admission that one has less than one person than a collection of signs, and that death is a most inexhaustible fact that the most powerful man must be succumbing - Edmond is such a romantic prototype of the Melville clinic killer. With an exception - it gives a little bit of hope, a constancy that only strenghtens - if that's not too much of an unbearable irony - to solve his fatal. <br /> <br /> All of this could be astonishing if it was not for the truly amazing performance of Louis Jouvet. I studied his college work, but this is my first taste in his screen talent, and he reveals himself to be worthy of great - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - quiet nobility in a role that is more of a conception (read, useless, is also allegorical) than a real person. Edmond begins filming a minor character to support, but is as a tragic hero in some strength. Like all the major actors, the brightly-perverted jumble lies in what he hides. <br /> <br /> At a formal level, what amazes is the thrilling Carne, ten years before its flourishing, in the techniques of the great Hollywood melodramas of Circus, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Although his theatricality lacked the fluidity and clear-eyed beauty of the contemporary Sierk German melodrama (check out the CEOs of NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne's style really fits his theme - this in umbrella, paralysis, resignation. The film principle is that of water - credit floats and melted, the hotel stands by a waterway - but instead of the River Renoir River possibility of possibility, we have a channel, stagnant and members, go nowhere. The movie starts as it ends, and the environment never changes, except for a single glittering one from which both ends to return. Characters can only escape deaths - traps are emphasized by the narrow rooms they occupy, the walls and frames that keep them in prison, the windows that look out over an escape they can never achieve. Any hope in the end, therefore, is very deeply, if romantic, compromised.
