Sir Ching Siu Tung's masterpiece maybe most popular success is this series, A Chinese Holy Ghost story 1-3. Chinese story stars Leslie Cheung in some distant past in China as a tax collector who was forced to spend a night while "collecting trips" into a mysterious castle in which some other old warriors fought and met '. Beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost who lives in this castle and is under a domination of one powerful devil, a devil that collects the soul of the soul for himself / herself with the help of her beautiful ghost. Leslie and Joey fell in love, and even though ghosts are not allowed to live with people, they decided to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not the wild devil thinking of our protagonists have to fight for their lives and happiness. <br /> This movie is no less full of magic than other films by Ching Siu Tung. Its chief includes Duel of the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, which all have visual incredible and kinetic powers in the scene scenes. The story of the Holy Spirit is full of brilliant lightness and dark atmosphere, which is illuminated by the strong presence of the beautiful and charming ghost. Effects are simply breathtaking and would work at the bigger powers of the big screen. The camera is moving and twisting all the time and adds to the atmosphere of this fairy tale atmosphere. There are many wire'fu demonstrations, too, and even though there are some thoughts and looks like free or stupid when used in films, I can not agree with thinking about moving pictures of the type of magic, freedom and creativity of any other tool by could give. When people fly through these films, these films are not just about our world, and they usually describe things that are greater than life and power in this larger than life-style form. <br /> <br /> The story about the power of love is very touchy and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are small too deep and act inexplicably periodically. Leslie and Joey should have written with the greatest care and character should be even more hot, deep and genuine in order to give the story a greater power and thus make the movie even more remarkable and significant success. Also, the message about love and power in it outlined little too much at one point and should have left just the idea of ​​the viewer to be interpreted and found. Another negative point on the dialogue is that it's too much to talk to in this movie without a reason. This is extremely disappointing and sadly shows the many flaws scriptwriters the flaws do when writing the movies. People just talk and talk to it's all have just done everything as easy to understand as possible and so the movie is not too challenging or credible as it has this free element. Just think about the films of Japan's film Takeshi Kitano; Its film has very little dialogue and all there is all the necessary as saying its stuff by other tools in movies and never talking, or making other characters speak too much in his movies. This is just talented writers should have in order to write larger scripts. <br /> Otherwise, Chinese Ghost History is pretty much and visually breathless to take part in Eastern movies, and also the song that plays in films is very nice and hopefully earns some awards in the Hong Kong movie awards premium that. I give Chinese Ghost stories 7/10 and the flaws mentioned above, this would without a doubt be almost perfect genre of fantasy.
