Once in a while, a film comes together to raise the bar for each other in its genre. A movie in this caliber will influence many films after being released for years to come. `A Chinese Holy Story 'falls into this category. It is arguable one of the best horror films made during the 1980s; Maybe one of the best ever to do. <br /> <br /> Creators have been producing a movie that appeals to every horror fan. The story is rude and original. Bananas are accordingly ominous and scary. Together they are creepy and atmospheric. There are even a little blood and gurus to satisfy the split of the house. But do not let the 'terror' label scare you off, if you're not a fan of the genre. This film is conveniently adapted to many different categories. The scarcist was deftly entrusted to drama, comedy, horror, kung fu, and romance genre of a delicious Deluxe Cinema Pizza. "A Chinese Holy Story" is a wonderful epic love story said, fortunately, without the sex scene and / or explicit sex that had lost much of Hollywood's love story. Those cuts in the romantic elements of the story can sit back and revel in the fast-paced speed and 'wire-fu'. If this is not enough, actors Leslie Cheung and Wu Ma provide enough humorous situations to satiate your appetite for comedy. This movie offers something for every movie fan. <br /> <br /> Director Siu-Tung Ching and producer Tsui Hark assembled a really amazing cast for this movie. Leslie Cheung proves that he is not only a gifted actor, but also a talented singer and a good physical comedy. I can not possibly think of a Cheung other than anyone who could describe Ling Choi Sin better (except perhaps Chow Yun Fat). Joey Wang is breathtaking as Wrath Su sees, the slave's spirit that steals the heart of Cheung's character. His painting of the title character is really haunting and memorable. Wu Ma is hilarious as the cantankerous Taoist who helps young lovers. <br /> <br /> At the technical level, this movie is very impressive, even by today's standards. The direction is superb. I hope that Hollywood executives today would seek talented artists such as Siu-Tung Ching instead fall back on the usual MTV video or Pepsi commercial 'director'. The cinematography is gorgeous. You have to praise any movie that can make a movie look good when most of its essential performances take place at the deceased at night. Special effects make-up is top-notch. In fact, most of the animal's effects in this film layer away from the CGI choddy ghouls and elves have become commonplace in modern horror films. Since its release, "A Chinese Holy Story" has spawned the deserved end, a film full of animated lengths, and countless imitations. None of the films that followed it or its copying could take the magic of this classic, however. This movie is required to look for any horror fans or just anyone looking for great ways to spend 95 minutes of your time. 10 out 10. <br /> <br />
