By 1987 Hong Kong gave the film the worlds as Sammo Hung's Encounter in Spooky Kind 'Chow Yun Greys at the John Woo's iconic' A Better Tomorrow ',' Warrior 'and the classic' Mr Vampire '. Jackie Chan has had international success on video, but it was with a "Chinese Holy Story" that HK movie had its first real-life theater in the West for many years. <br /> <br /> Western Filmgoers never saw anything to love. It was a film that took various ingredients that HK cinema was used for years (flying swordsman, wildly traded martial arts and supernatural) and entrusted to create a film that was unique in viewing, feeling and execution. Forging the poor suites and unnecessary that it implies, this is the original and best. Director Siu-Tung Ching (always better known as a Action Shrink on the films as Woo's `The Best Than 2 '/' Assassin ') has, under the watchful eye of legendary producer Tsui Hark, create a masterpiece of fantasy / cinema movies. But with an expert crew that drove her (no less than 6 Martial Arts Coordinators) the odds of the movie being anything but wonderful would be unlucky. The correction is by David Wu's amazingly prolific (written / directed "The Bride and Gray 2" and edited as classic titles as 'A Better Tomorrow 1/2/3', 'Hardboiled' and cult of hit the `Club ') is quite simply a work of genius.Working it into perfectly high choreographers flying, swinging sword fighting to make them some of the best HK movies ever created Rapidly moving, weird but never confusing, Even today, the pinnacle of the art. <br /> <br /> The team of cinematographers also performed miracles.This is a movie where each shot is a craft manufactured paintings .Where wonderful night swinging swinged, Hidden in an ever-present ghost fog is the enchanting platform for our story unfolding. It is a movie where everything is used to tackle a beauty of dreams. Even the clothes are silk and dressed by Hsiao Tsing Live part of the movie, whether in romantic or scene scenes ever ever presently flowing across the screen. Even a simple scene where Hsiao Tsing Cha Dress up is something of Aladdin's beauty as every skill on the set combines to create a most memorable scene from such a simple act. Together they are also amazing, giving another meaning to the world of the forests, and the temple and the severity of the village burns, the flags have destroyed wilderness in hell for the amazing ending. Production design by Zhongwen Xi deserves the highest praise. Another important factor for successful film is Romeo Diaz music and James Wong. Hong Kong's film has given us some fantastic music and songs that have been successfully added in a sequel, but the `Chinese History of the Chinese Music 'is, of course, vital. From the song to the winter music opening becomes as important as the characters. The score is a perfect mix of modern and traditional instruments. Drum, bell and book guitars away from the sequence of actions in great effect, but it's the slower, wobbly romantic piece that it comes to in its own. Here; Flutes, strings and chorus women's effects create what maybe the finest pieces of music heard in a HK movie. Add to this the vocal girl, stunningly beautiful singing that plays on the tsau-dog and Hsiao Tsing's love does, (nothing is ever seen, but the effect is wonderful. This is romantic innocent romance movies) and you There is a shining example of the music power a movie can have. <br /> And we of course have the talent to act. Leslie Cheung (`A Better Tomorrow 1 & 2 'with a very popular singer) is outstanding as the innocent tax collector. His work in comics (thankfully mildly) funny never on the head and his scene with Joey Wang played with just the right amount of passion and innocence. Joey Wang (who later would be mostly relegated to supporting the role of film such as the Chow Yun Greet / Andy Lau classic "God of Gamers") never looked more rude than he did here. It is the epitome of inferior beauty. Her period of Hsiao Tsing's tragic is stunning. She shows her sad character of what she came up with and what she did, but also giving on a subtle eroticism in the scenes where she attracted people to the gruesome deaths. Veteran actress Wu Ma (`Mr. Vampire ',` Swordsman') is great fun as wisdom, brave, but ever so grumpy, yen. It draws a fine line between the unique and annoying and practicing ease. And what so easily could be a character that might have wounded the movie is actually pretty fun and memorable. <br /> But what about the monsters and beasties?, I heard you cry. Well they are arranged out of the rather rude movement, but the fun animation / animatronic zombie that lives the temple (causing a great running campaign and attempts are still waiting to munch on Tsau-shen's amusingly suspicious), rather cheesy, but amazingly effective Lord The black. Complete with a flying arsenal of greedy flying, and quite exceptional wires. Most of them, to this day, have never been topped. <br /> But the most outstanding effect and creation is the tongue killer of the spirit of the tree. We first encountered this thing with a "malicious" style of noise effect camera as it may descend to its victims Gaga to deliver a French lone kiss that gets the victims of Zombie Helmets. But later it shows in all its crazy glory. It can grow so great and long that it shoots in the jungle after the prey, ripples apart from the trees, ending it in the buildings with its coil in thin lengths around the person before picking them up and sending them against tree trunks! It can even be divided open to reveal a full mouth! It's an outrageous idea that the primarily romantic scheme is designed to not work. But it does, in fantastic and unforgettable effects. So what all this adds up to is a classic example of Hong Kong film making. A true team effort has given us a really crushed film. It is a film filled with wit, invention, action, monsters, martial arts, ghosts, fantastic ideas, lush visuals, beautiful music, and most important of its indirect charm, one of the most romantic movies.
