Sinnui yauman, is without a doubt one of the best fantasy stories ever made in film. Written by Songling Pu and directed by Siu-Tung Ching, A Chinese Holy History has it all. Ling Choi Sin played by Leslie Cheung is a young man down on his luck that goes in search of a housing estate, deep in the woods, where the villagers seem so scary to go close. The trek alone is dangerous with wolves, and a crazy Taoist villain lives in the temple. Ling Choi Sin meets Tsing, a beautiful and mysterious virgin who lives nearby in a deserted temple. He is forced to seduce men for his evil mistress, but when he meets innocent Ling Choi Sin they fall in love. <br /> Ling Choi Sin is sort of a fool bumbling but his heart is in the right place, while Tsing tries to protect him from the other minds of the woods, he tries to protect it from monks which is trying to kill the demons in the woods. There are great martial arts, even a monk that breaks out of drunken songs as he has made the formal thirsty ceremonies. The film does a lot of traditional old-fashioned martial arts film, and magic and flying in the air, charming from trees, trees and elegant long gowns and scarves, but the movie really flows, and everything is ineffective . <br /> <br /> <tsing is to be married to an evil tree monster, which can not be good, and we feel fear in her home where we meet her sister and stepmother who is really not nice. The end must fight a tree witch with a very dangerous language, and go with yin deep into the heart of hell to fight a thousand year old evil to save the soul and bring the ling ash back to his house for a funeral burial so it can have a chance of reincarnation. A nice story that really pays attention to detail. One touch in many ways by this movie, you will laugh, cry, and just have fun with the great martial arts and cinematography. And even in the end, Yin and Ling Choi Sin rise in the morning sun under a breathtaking rainbow, we never know if Tsing gave a reincarnation, but we know it,
