I just saw this great good-natured parody of the night of the living dead, and I said it was so terrible and so blunt it was excellent. This film incorporates all the antique and original landscape shots including the cemetery, supposedly the abandoned house, basement and lawn in front. What I especially like about this movie is the use of the funny bread and the common household chef home has a bad account. C'mon, we know that pan, cracked whirlpool and zip-locks are made bread in a dozen times and now we must call for help in order to defeat the reanimated bread. In addition to cheap acting with voice-overs, this film short film is my favorite personal night parodies in the living dead, even better than the night of the living dead in 1990. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie worth watching is how the writers and directors use all the dialogue from the original movie and turn it into bread, including how the bread has become reanimated and to avoid remaining foods because are especially dangerous. Another great reason why I love this movie is that, there is no exception to what is wrong, the bagels are wrong and even the communes are wrong, which is demonstrated by a hilarious scene involving a newscaster and a rather monotonous priest. I think the actors are especially funny to do the job of being tackled by slicing bread (that's the car scene). I think the end is very worth sticking around. Even if this is a short and that "night of the day of the dawn of the Child of the Bride in Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of Evil, Mutant, Alien, The Food Eating, Hellbound Life Dead Zombies Part 2: In The Shocking 2-D "is continuously another great parody, it is still recommended as a distressed parody, which seems to be collective filmmaker. I highly recommend this movie to anybody who can make fun of the night of the living dead and still respect the filmmakers. I would also like to recommend this movie to those who love D-movies and the horror parody, it's just a pretty little movie short movie that's fun to watch and learn.
