Joan Fontaine here is entirely convinced as an amorous beauty that entirely enjoys feeling love for anyone but herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) lost all her money in a combination of its disturbances and its extravaganza, and reduced to living in a small room, with little or no prospects. They continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing was wrong. It's a good, unprecedented, but perfectly friendly friend. However, Fontaine decides he has to go, as he has overlooked his utility. So she settles into her poisons when she realizes she does not want to divorce her, so she can move on. It was time to have a lover (Patric Knowles) whom he decided to release because he is not rich either. He meets herring herb Marshall, who has a yacht and all the trims and more money than even Fontaine could figure out how to spend. She aims and decides it will do nicely. It is all too eager to be eaten by the beauty of young. She certainly is not very interesting, and she has about yesterday's call gay call. But Fontaine is one of those gals that has eyes only for money, and the man stands between it and it is transparent, so that it does not even notice or care what it looks like, it looks at him and sees it really want and go for it. She continues to poison her husband and sends him very neatly and satisfactorily, so that everything is going well. But as always come to the movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things start to go wrong, and the tension increases noticeably, so that Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontaine is particularly good at looking cruel and frightening, and as the net begins to shut in on it, its sense of rising in despair is palpable and it has us on the edges of our place. Hysteria and scary take over from cool calculations and cunning. But he found a fallen guy for his crime in the person to cast his lover, who is an innocent victim of his plot to put him up. He is condemned to death for murder, because the death of the husband is not poisonous to light unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, playing a grimly determined Scotland inspectors grounds, thinks can have something wrong, and begins to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine. He locked at him, and some of the scenes as this happened to inspire paints in the heated panic. But does the innocent life be saved before it is executed? Will Fontaine worm its way out of this one? Does Herbert Marshall protect her from protecting her affliction? This film is practically directed by Sam Wood, and the movie is a truly superb thriller thrilling that I would like to qualify very well for the description of a movie film.
