The sea watching was an interesting movie experience. First of all, the overall feeling was intense, inner, claustrophobic, and small. Each frame seemed to be a picture of something inside, something very focused and not part of a larger picture. It was obvious what we looked at in each frame. The physique of wearing itself contributes to the feeling of little and intense. The lights along the road cut off the road in half, with the small door of the small settlement followed by the small and few kubbyholes who served as the establishments that made up what seemed to be the whole city. Even seen in the ocean is framed by a small landing on which one can count the number of grasses that are longer in the wind. No panoramic views. In fact, he reminds me of the Montmarte sequence of Moulin Rouge where the camera rapidly concentrated in the mill creates yet a feeling in a small area where everything happens. <br /> While the acting bar was considered I really could not discover how the lines were really delivered, I felt that the actions were overly melodramatic and meaningless. Why Kikuno would continue to carry on the road he did when Fusanosuke announced his next marriage really did not seem true ?? People did not really change that much, and Kikuno's character was so strong and flexible that even though they were busy taking over O-shin's business for anything, the reaction seemed out of character and needed and distracted. Another example of odd energies was when the drunk boyfriend Kikuno showed up and Ryosuke decides to intervene and pushed down the stairs, the way in which he got up and menacingly came up the stairs and the battle ensuite outside of Among the rushes were simply unsatisfactory. Is not that I love battle scenes ?? unlike ?? but it seemed a little stilted and again, overly dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, while not a nice movie to look, it gives an interesting look to the dark side of prostitution (as opposed to the geisha) Unfortunately, maybe she has taken care of our expectations of careless women (the "honey I will give you a treat" comment supported by the over-stretched actions) and seriously caused me to doubt if true 19th-century prostitutes really Acting in this way. But once inside, the interior workings became more interesting, vivid and real and provided a scenario I never anticipated or imagined in my romantic look at Japan in the 19th century.
