'Umi wa miteita' (swaddening the sea) swam in Akira Kurasawa's film: his adaptation to Shugoro Yamamoto's theater story was favored in a movie he had intended film to mark his final mark on a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai pays homage to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting this visually stunning transformation of image formats. <br /> Place in 19th-century Japan, the story explores the lives of women in a gayche house with single reasons Life is earned by people plezuring. The house is run by an older couple who genteel and geishas are an enchanting group of women who know their trade and take pride in their careers. Each has a reason to turn into the life of geisha. Oshin (Nagoya Tono) supports his family who lives in a neighboring town, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and evil customers managed to maintain success with his story in his biggest helmet. Oshin befriends a hazardous samurai, falls in love with the gentle fellow, only finds that he must not get married from his helmet and leave his fun with Oshin married promised to fiance. Heart Oshin's heart is easy, but it still supports emotional and physically / monetary by Kikuno and other geishas. A beautiful Samosi Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops first trusted relationships with devotees. Kikuno is busy with problems, decides whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry him and to survive with a wealthy but abusive customer. All while the sea is watching and as a typhoon destroys the gaycha house and streets, Oshin and Kikuno sit at the roof waiting for the promised rescue by Ryosuke. The way in the story ends is one of sacrifice, love, and devotion. The sea will look and will find protection for true love. Photography by Kazuo Okuhara is breathtakingly beautiful: night scenes with glowing lanterns and gorgeous colorful lanterns matching recurring glimpses into the sea both calm and agitated. The act is somewhat obnoxious for Art Edo, but the characters are well created and kept the credible story. The one distraction that is definitely NOT something Kurosawa would condemn is the Western music note that sounds like a so-called opera soap opera except for the isolated times when Japanese real musical instruments are the native instruments of the track. But in the end there is enough of Kurosawa's influence to immerse this movie and its brand of dreams that will always keep its importance on world cinema. Grady Harp
