Bellocchio refers to this as a mostly political film, a description of the revolutionary movement in Italy, but it seems metaphorically more than reality. Well, almost everything in the movie seems like metaphor. The revolutionary, whom we see and about whom we learn very little, might as well be mafi. Out with the old and in and the new. Andrea's father, a psychoanalyst, seems to stand up for the traditional traditional bourgeois values ​​- morally upright, scary, clean and neat, well-ritualized. > <br /> Giullia, the girlfriend of a revolutionary, seems to represent what can happen to someone who needs very seriously a supportive cause, but is able to prize up the kind of devotion as a quest commitment. (I guess here.) Andrea, the adolescent boy, seems to be the only guy in the movie that is not in some way unquiet "upatz." It is in his father's respect, but unruly. She likes Giullia, or so we suppose, although she's not really old enough to learn how to handle her reflexes optimal, but she left her in order to show up at school and complete her final exam. His strokes between these contradictory lifestyles could be described as "media." He is the man in between, who knows the meaning of gradualism, who can keep his cool while people on it are screaming. Most of this is summed up during the late part of his speech when he asked to translate and comment on an excerpt from "Antigone," which contrasts with the traditional authority of the gods and the notions of secularism and free will. <br /> <br /> Which brings us - no particular course that I'm aware of - Marushka Detmars. It brings to mind a New York design in a few years ago. The two neck-deep ipokos in the river, staring at a drinking gazelle at the bank, with a hippo telling the other, "I hate it." She is a good actress. (Let me find that out of the way.) But so is everyone else in the movie. He brings with him, in his speech and style, to shine at the rich in silence. And it's all out of the actress too, not out of direct help. Detmars is not black way Catherine DeNeuve was black in "Repaid." Walls do not turn into rubber and grow their hands. Instead, we see it animated - sometimes TOO animated. And he gives us a shocking turnaround when his mood suddenly changes and gets threatened the way a thunderstorm appears to be threatened. <br /> <br /> A criticism describes it as warm, but that's probably not the word he's looking for. She's compellingly beautiful and her hair is fluffy, her white grooms ready, gleeful minds. With his eyes as the eyes of the paintings on the walls of ancient Egyptian tombs. The sexy parts are very erotic, not so much because one of them is explicit, but because we've got to know the characters involved. (It's more fun to recognize about the honeymoon couple next door than going to a flick of the movie.) Actually there is not much to have sex. There is only one scene in simulation report but the director allows it to play out what seems to be real time. At least real time for a eighteen-year-old boy. <br /> <br /> The young man who plays Andrea is fine too, which is something that is needed, because the movie renders almost entirely on it and Giullia. They must carry it and do. If it was not for their performance, I'm not sure this would be as exciting or as admirable flick as it is. It could easily have turned a rather slow, boring romance. <br /> <br /> Worth It.
