Ahh, yes, the whole-star blockbuster. Take a so-called concept, its contents in a script and load it with all of the freakin 's exclusive effects that the Wizards of Hollyweird can summon up, then up the usual suspects: warm up-and-wedge, there- Beens, want to be and never-wuzzes, and beat 'em all in the role of ensembles of various sizes of the unforgiving sight of the cameras. And hopefully some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> Leave it to the Bishop's Office bishops to apply the latest movie horror concept, as was the case with the secretary's post-exorcist. Novelist Jeffrey Konvitz decides to try and one-up Rosemarie Ira Levin's baby storyline of creepy neighbors (and ultimately satanic) in a New York brownstone. The result was a controversial best selling vendor that some claimed to embark on the plagiarist, with a self-controversial, top-heavy / star-charged car and directed by the Michael Winner DEATH WISH, but for many reasons different. > <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays Success Model Alison Parker, who is pretty much over-stressed and over-worked, (I will not add "to get more money." I mean she is a model, so that would be redundant), not just by scheduling 24/7, not by insisting, 'Michael companion (Chris Sarandon in DOG AFTERNOON with the classic LOBSTICK SOB.IG movie), which means-married-right-NOW '. One of the ways she decides to try to get away from her is to move her place; a great, beautiful brownstone in Manhattan which he can find dirt-cheap (which should be the red flag of the BIG - cheap real estate in New York!), from the mystery to host brokers Miss Logan (Golden Age screen Vet Ava Gardner, fresh from the storm drain at EARTHQUAKE.) <br /> Things look fine at first, but ah, yes ... then come the noise and noise out loud in the apartment upstairs at night. And what about the neighbors is really strange like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (a very early Beverly D'Angelo), the beautiful "single friends" (read: lesbians) living together, and pretty old gentleman Charles Chest (a nicely climbing Burgess Meredith), which looks perhaps a little too concerned with Alison's welfare? And this does not mention other squirrelly assorted squirrelly (You will never hear the phrase "Black and white cat, black and white cake" again without wanting to laugh at your nose and possibly vomit at the same time.) Especially the old priest blind living in the penthouse ... <br /> <br /> Things really start going down when a nightmare-Laden of Alison's morphs into a murderous grisly, (in one of the most film-based spots) , with both Alison and Michael, with some assistance at Alison's BFF, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), starring together the puzzle that reveals the brownstone's dark background, as well as the murder agenda of others living there, Not to mention Alison's connection, which as it turns out is nothing but associate. Although there is nothing controversial about the pestilence cast, which seems to represent every actor in different genres looking for work at the moment (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, MartinBalsam, Eli Wallach, John Carradine, and even early onset by Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visits!) Winners and companies went to Bonics Basics and pulled a "Death Browning" ... by the current actor physically challenged to appear in the everything-and-all-go-to-hell-based clinic, which I guess any Baldy director would do, finding himself unable to access Linda Blair with a case of green-beans soup. It definitely leaves you with arctic fingers playing your spinal cord as a zither, knowing this juicy tidbit of info as you look. And he introduced a technique in which filmmakers had only started returning very recently: live on-set makeup and special effects that do not involve CGI, (which was pretty much non-existent back then.) <Br / > The sensor has that file, five-fifty cheese factor, but managed to distinguish itself from time to time and some gasp-induced moments like one mentioned above, not to mention feeling crypt to fear that the writer finds It's easy to play on, in isolation and things that go knock-and-fry in the night. After all, who is living-one-in-the-big city was not lying in bed in the dark, and listening to the sounds of these HOPE is "the building resolved?" <Br /> Konvitz has followed the CENTINEL with an inevitable ending, GUARDIAN (not to be confused with the ubiquitous William Frederkin Gossip), who never suited the screen. = sigh of relief =
