This happens in one of my favorite movies. It is a rich, stylish production boasting an excellent cast of ensemble actors, handsomely on-site movies, a haunting music note, a smart and romantic theme drawn, with an atmosphere of fear and threat. It's reminiscent of the classic films such as the Rosemary Baby and the Shining, where young, vulnerable women find themselves victims by supernatural forces in old, creepy buildings and a weak past. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays a fashionable New York City model called Alison Parker. It's happy, exterior outgoing mask of a deeply controversy and troubled soul. This is evidenced by the revelation of her past, she tried suicide twice - once a young girl after the walk on her degenerate father cavorting her in bed with two women and having her rip a silver lean from his neck and sent him to the floor, and a second, after his wife married the lawyer-companion allegedly committed suicide on learning in their affairs. He says he needs to live on his own for a year or so and he responds to a newspaper announcement for a well-furnished apartment, a spacious one-bedroom apartment in a Brooklyn Heights old brownstone. This building actually exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace right by Brooklyn Heights Promenade in Remsen Street. Producers are actually filmed inside the building and its apartments, paying residents for the inconveniences, of course. Real Estate Agent, a Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems very interested in having Alison taking the apartment - an interest that can not only be explained by the 6% commission he would earn. Especially when it quickly drops the rent from $ 500.00 a month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees to leaving the building with Miss Logan, remarking a senior man sitting and apparently staring at it from the top-floor window. Miss Logan identified the man in her as Halliran Father and told Alison that she was blind. Alison's answer is very logical- "Blind? Then what does he look at?" After the move, Alison meets some of the other residents of the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who gives Alison a pleasant welcome in the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon begin to deteriorate and it's plagued by dividing headaches and expansive spells. When she pulls her anxiety at Miss Logan on her sleep being being hijacked on a base every night by metal rattle and sharp footsteps from the apartment directly on her, she's dumbstruck to learn apart from the blind priest and now , himself, no one lived in this building for the last three years. Calling strongly one night to confront his nervous fears, his arms head with a clogged knife and a flashlight and enter the roofs. He is confronted by spectators-riddled into his father's father, and uses the knife on her to self-defense when it comes after it. The police investigated and found no sign of violence in this apartment - no corpse, without blood, nothing. But Alison flew out and fell on the street, covered in his own blood, as it turned out. But there's a mark on it. What Alison does not realize until the movie's denier is that he's at that brownstone has a goal. He put it for a reason - a reason back home in the biblical story of Eden and the Angel of Uriel that was posted in his entry to guard it from the Devil. It is being unknowingly prime and prepped by the Catholic Church to assume one of the most important-one that will guarantee that his soul, which is the subject of his suicide attempt, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, who turn out to be more than just original oddballs, have a different agenda in mind for it. This is a competent and clever film made with a surprisingly showcase of the Church and its representatives in a particularly sympathetic light.
