Michael Winner is probably best known for her revival-themed films, such as "Wish Wish" and "The Land Mansion", but she is equally gifted as a director of the movie theater horror, as the "Sentinel" in 1977 proven. The "Sentinel", based on a novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the scenario, is a clever and incredibly religious chiller that no lover of occult horror should consider missing. The film is evidently inspired by the successful successful occasion such as "Rosemary's Baby", "The Exorcist" or "The Omen", but as far as I'm concerned, it is also unlikely to be as unsettling as these more widely acclaimed films, and probably even creepier. <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young New York model. Traumatized by events in her past and does not yet want to marry her lawyer companion (Chris Sarandon), Allison is in search of an apartment, and finds a great, incredible beautiful one, which is also affordable, in a mansion old Brooklyn. The new apartment, however, comes with a bunch of very strange other tenants. But the new disaster neighbors soon become more than a bit annoying at Alice ... This may not have an adequate scheme resume, but I would hate to spoil anyone at this great movie, so I will not give any description draws more. What I'm going to say, however, is that the "Sentinel" is a very creepy and efficient film that profits from a great cast as well as a rare and always wonderful atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers here certainly had his influence on the outcome. The imaginatively photographed movie, and the unusual old Brooklyn castle is a fantastic setting for this kind of movie. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is dark and crap, and the film also includes several trauma-moments and genuine crises. The film features many disasters and unique characters, and the cast is superb. Beautiful Christina Rain is great in her role in Allison Parker, adorable and yet over the kus to lose herself. Chris Sarandon is also a good thing as a companion, a successful lawyer, and the support of many great names, such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before they become really popular. The cast also includes stars such as Ava Gardner, Ior John Carradine, Burgess Meredith, and my favorite personal, the great Eli Wallach as a cynicidal homicide detective. I was a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, especially for films such as "Wish Wish" and "Land of the Mansion". The "Sentinel" is yet another big movie in the Winner's repertoire, and also the proof that the man is not only a master of hard-boiling revenge-cinema, but also in Horror occult melancholy. All in all, the "Sentinel" is a creepy, intelligent, and amazingly violent occult chiller that is highly recommended to all horror fans!
