This horror film, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from defective production and efficient, amateur direction, but it's Even Unusual Convenient. Unlike horror-like terrorist cops such as the Exorcist, this film captures the viewer on a gently unforgettable dive into a pool of evil. It spread to horrors, which sparked on the audience and even the dream threatened as it sluggish on the poor girl who was unwittingly chosen to be the next sentinel. His nomination is located at the gates of hell and prevents evil from erupting into the world. This fall upon him in the atonement to try suicide sooner in his life. The story is true to the book, which has been riveting, but the way it's corrected may lose the viewer. There are subtleties of the plot that are cut hair and never explain satisfactory, painful movie. This is a pity. The Sentinel is not a kind of corner-of-your-seat in flick of films; and more a look-and-squirm uncomfortably. Like a dingy machine bad, there is a forced to look even when it gets unbearable. This movie is not all bad, and always has a traumatic ability. <br /> <br /> The cast was competent. Christina Raines was fascinating as Alison, the brittle girl under spiritual assault from both sides, a pawn in the fight never fails between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was a good caretaker, but ultimately self-centered companion. Eli Wallach and a very young Christopher Walken are the detective who have difficulty unraveling the bizarre puzzle being handed down. Ava Gardner is elegant as the realtor ignorance of the horror horror of his rental property. John Carradine's elderly lace, with his arthritis-twisted hand, is excellent as the dead sentinel has to be replaced. The devil has been playing good perfection by Burgess Meredith; It is so sweet and yet wrong. There are starred stars hidden in this movie: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach plays successfully against the quality of a jerk TV director. Souls are dangled at the end they are presented by true fencing south and geeks. Anyone who thought they did was a twisted but brilliant genius. The hunger that prevents the movie bubbles up unexpectedly, such as when Alison opens a door and finds something that reminds a flashback when he finds his father and two prostitutes. He relives his first suicide attempt, faces a weird dysfunctional lifestyle, and sees a cat chopping up like a cake. Time and again, he has yanked back, from reality and fantasy, through dreams and nightmares that shook, all while lacking means to deal with. In truth, the devil is trying to drive crazy enough to kill himself before becoming the next sentinel. Is it successful? In summary, slow-moving again indescribably creepy, well-acting, but poorly directed, with a very typical 70 typical film before the real shocking off loose. (No pun intended) This film can not work for people with a short span of attention, but it can always thrill up the spine, and it can always provide some low-key shock. It remains a strange and compelling odious dip in the realm of evil.
