I'm not sure why this little movie has been removed from obscures, as well as some goes rather unusual; The Sentinel is a smart and inventive horror movie that gives most of the stories that are louder to today's stories more than a run for their money. Michael Winner has admitted many times that he is not the best director ever, and that shines on a number of occasions and this movie; but it must have been said that the film works in spite of her uninspired direction, and the fact that Winner has somehow managed to up a simply amazing cast in talent more than make up for her. The plot is rich with mystery, and begins by focusing on Alison Parker and hunting for a flat. He finds that he can not afford to pay much more than his property, but think that his luck has changed when he found an apartment fully furnished for an affordable price. Its problems will start soon after the move, as it does not like many neighbors ... and this problem increases when the property broker tells her that she has just one neighbor; an elderly blind priest on the floor above ... <br /> <br /> The cast list is truly superb, and relatively unknown to Cristina Raines to titled a great support throw. Chris Sarandon is a little sticky in his role as Raines, but little party for the love of John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, in name, but a handful over make up for sarcastic mythology Sarandon a. Michael Winner does a great job with his central location, such as the flat block providing a creepy and grim setting for the story. The movie is a little slow to start, but it's never boring; and Michael Winner's scenario provides a surprise that's almost impossible to guess from the offset, which certainly deserves some praise. Like many horrors even slowly burn, this one does not go for the early injection money - but unlike many, the finish is a definite clue as winner goes all out of the viewer shock, and if the rumor he used real people oddities to be true; I had to say that it does a very good job of it! In general, while this movie can be most hokum any way you look at it; The Sentinel is one of the best films of its kind, and it's definitely a major record for its director.
