NYC model Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) is renting a room in an old brownstone where it meets a few rare neighbors and experiences some creeping hallucinations. As a lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) lawyer goes on to question his name, he struggles to keep his sanitation (not to mention he wants to live) as he experiences a number of physical, mental, and emotional health. /> <br /> I do not want to spoil the best moments in this psychological support film for those who are familiar with it. The story is interesting and fun, but the movie does not really offer much in terms of real crisis. Or, for that problem, any atmosphere. It's sort of slowly disaster, but it's not like the traditional horror movie. Read more in a story about a troubled woman's attempt to cope with increasing inequality in her life. At this level, it works, but it is not quite powerful enough. What the "Sentinel" * offers * are some eye-catching set pieces (in particular, fascinating, the fantastically creepy climates, and having a scene with Beverly D'Angelo who must see to be believing). There are also some gorities to be seen, but not much. An ominous music note by Gil Melle adds to the threat. No review of this movie should be filed without an evaluation for the movie makers in gathering as an excellent actor for casting its ensembles. Some of them do not get too much, but to see all of them together is impressive. Eli Wallach and Burgess Meredith make the bigger impressions like, respectively, a hard-nose detective and a quotient neighbors. Other legendary names include Jose Ferrer, Arthur Kennedy, and Ava Gardner. Future stars such as D'Angelo, Christopher Walken, Tom Berenger, Jeff Goldblum make short appearances, and other familiar figures include Jerry Orbach, Sylvia Miles, William Hickey, and Martin Balzam. Anyone who was the director of casting for this movie deserves some sort of prize. Writing for the screen by director Michael Winner, probably best known for the "Wish Wish" series he did with Charles Bronson, from Roman by Jeffrey Konvitz. <br /> I would not consider this a hideous secret thriller but it has its moments and is reasonably entertaining.
