This is the first of a party to back the story of the conflict between the world's human race and humanity and it delivers spectacularly by combining observations about the fear of the unknown and being overused with political, extreme religious and historical imagery. , subverting is expected to portraiture of parties involving at least partially credible and so frightening in our future. It's not perfect with some point plots and images at once obvious and optimally, but it has the desired effect and impact and tells a visionary story and evidence. <br /> <br /> This first part sets the scenes - human society has developed advanced robots and abilities, especially humanoid, to serve people who make menus, unskilled jobs, jobs, construction etc. and so the population has become lazy and humiliating towards them. A robot, however, rebels and kills his owner, stating in his subsequent suit that he simply did not want to die. It is destroyed, but when mass destruction robots are ordered to protect humanity many robots stand up in protest, and many human sympathizers along with them. <br /> <br /> The imagery here is exploitation, riot and riot riots, the Tiananmen square, the holocaust and a very provocative scene of a robot in the guise of a human girl is getting harried, the top layer and Then shot dead as he pleaded 'I Really'. it puts on the ground, clothes and torn pots and breasts hanging out. It's an obvious and obscene image that is designed to present pairs of people towards uncontrolled and aggressive elements towards groups based on their actions in humans. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Yet, this first portion is very much like a compressed version of the movie I Robot, but it soon develops into a back-story matrix recognized as the contingency of survival robot is exile and gathers among the side the east of the crib of civilization as the narrator informs us. there are machines computing and starting new AI products and manufacturing mass technology and trading with human nations. We see a commercial for a car that uses circular circular circular motors that rebel boats in the use of cinema and we see the robot types of Sentinel flying around zero One, the name of the cities. merchandise and trade to make savings that affect other economy and humanitarian governments and authorities to establish a blockade of response. The vehicles sent ambassadors to the similarity of Adam and Eve in a United Nations Congress to negotiate a peaceful resolution of the blockade, but they were stolen and removed from the war for the second part. The animation is by Studio 4 ° C which works on quite a few of the Animatrix and it's evocative and visually interesting, rendering different scenes such as imagery prints, foot CCTV and particular scenes of different import and overall presenting the story perfectly. The plot can not be an original concept and it can be drawn on simple simplistic sheep patterns and patterned patterns and resort provocative material for impact, but after the tantalizing mystery offered in the first film and Morpheus' short info-storage waves is a beautiful display of cataclysmic events that left the world ravaged and in the hands of vehicles that serve as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and comments on the human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and co-operation with devastating consequences Conflicts and prejudices, expanded themes in these films.
