That was the first thing that jumps in mind as I watched the closed credit in Europe to have had across the screen, never in my lifetime I saw a film of engineering these technical, visuals in Europe, is so impressive that any movie I look at it will only talk in comparison to your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott slick Hollywood movies, Europe has more inferior beauty than anything that can be summoned up in a million years. Now I should be the first to Lars Lars von Trier's a genius just in the back of his film breaking the waves and dancers in the dark, but this is stupid, the fact that Europe has gone un-noticed by film experts for long is a crime against cinemas, also covering garbage like Crouching Tiger, hidden dragon and life is beautifully cleaned in the academies (but what's known) Europe has been hidden away, absent video store formats and (until recently) any British television channel . <br /> <br /> The visuals in Europe are by MTV Gloss; it's not a case of style on substance, it's more a case of substance dictation style. Much like his first film The Crimean element, von Trier uses the perspective of the main character to draw us into his world, with many such elements, the movie begins with the main character (or in the case of Europe, our audience) was hypnotized. As we moved down the tracks, the voice of the Narrator (Max von Sydow) counted us down to a deep sleep, until we got into Europe. This allows in trials and his three movies to pay with the conventions of time and imagery, there are many scenes in Europe when a character in the background, who's black and white, will communicate with someone in the foreground which will color, by Trier trying to show us how much to present the colored or edgy item to the ground, for example, it is no surprise that the first shot of Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) is in color , since it is the only character who in action has superiority over the film. <br /> <br /> Performances are good, they can not be on par with the later film performance of Trier, but it's just because the images are sometimes so distracted that you do not really pick up on them the first round. But I would like to see the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead role, which has ideal blindness that slowly warns by two opposing sides, until he is born in the last act of films. Again, films such as the Crime Elementary, the film ends with our hero can awaken in his nightmare, leaving in this terrible place, and only the narration continued in Sydow's seal his fate. Europe is a tremendous film, and I can not help thinking of what a shame that Trier abandoned this way of filming, since it was clearly one of the most talented visual directors working at that time, Europe, much like the rest of his cinematic cannon is full of a treasure of iconic scenes. His desire to composition and turn-stage scenes is rivals, not to mention his use of sound and designing designs. But since no-frills melodrams have turned out to be breaking the waves and dancers in the dark then who can argue, but it seems like a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
