2003 appeared as the Matrix, with the release of two suites and a computer game that is currently linked to the plot of the movie. Also released was a DVD of 9 short animated films, most written and made in Japan and were made as anime. Japan makes some of the best animation in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of a prequel movie in the first matrix. The second Renaissance was made as a historical record. It tells how people made their own car looks like. People living the high life also cars are the grunts, workers of society, second-class citizens. In the year 2090, a car, BI-66ER was put in trial for murder, after killing his master who wanted to seduce him. The car does not have a fair trial and riot starts around the world. Governments in the world order to break their cars. Many cars leave human society and their own country's forms in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easy to cut human nations, forcing them into economic crisis. The human blockade in 01 and dismissed the car peace requests, so it was the person who was responsible for the war slaves. <br /> <br /> The second Renaissance is an interesting, excellent, traditional, traditional style animation and wearing a compelling world. It shows how the cars were being harassed and that humanity sown the seeds of their own destruction. There is a political and social world with the brief saying a lot of it's time to run. The short-term actions with a style of classic film in the metropolis silently, partly in the beginning and the midfielder. They are terms of slavery, misconduct in the working class and racism. Short also had some religious themes and religious iconographers. Mostly people have seen themselves as God and created their own car looks. See themselves as the legitimate masters of their cars. Cars are too used for religious iconography, mainly forming nations in the 'human civilization decline' and vehicles coming to the United Nations to dress like Adam and Eve, offering an apple. The animation style is beautiful, done in the traditional anime style (like Akira). These sets are great, combining futuristic and historical cities, e.g. Washington D.C .. There are quite down the scenes of the future, and surprising violence, which is the key to the movie. The director, Mahiro Maeda, also directed the animated sequence of Kill Bill Vol. 1, so there is good Hollywood qualification. It is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story going. The only real complaint is a continuous error of the first Matrix film because Morpheus mentions that people have no historical records or know who started the war. But it's a good look.
