Prisons are not exactly famed for their quality hospitality and 'happy vibes', what and stories of battles, chaos, murders and of course extreme male bonds! But the prison in this movie is a different creature altogether. Horror films put into cells, as you probably know, nothing particularly new as they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability of escape? two of the greatest themes of horror movies. With these examples as the CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), the MILLE GREEN (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course all women in prison genre exploitation itself, another entry into this nest There is something that is invented with a lot of fun to boot in order to be recognized. Or at least that's what you think. PRISON is certainly an incredibly fun and enjoyable ride and it's a bit of a shame that it's not as well known as it should be. The movie, in short, centers on an old prison (well, duh!) Has been reopened. However, it's not just prisoners and prison guards are afraid, but also a demon demon and one thing about his mind; death! And boy, we treat in awesome awesome scenes! I'm not going to spoil anything here but you have many innovative and enjoyable thousands all done by invisible hands. In addition to the special effects and murders, this movie also has something else to go for it; he threw. Headlining, we have the Lord of the Rings (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star Viggo Mortensen (and for those who are so inclined, yes, it is naked) whose performance is not only very credible, but is done with that skill that it features Eastwood-esquire is both the bad-to-bone and likable (a very delicate mixture). Add it to a cast of actors 'hey-wait-one minute-i-know-who-guy' and you've got yourself a great set of stars. The characters themselves however lack three-dimensional and more often than not come across as extremely stereotypical. We had a black okulist, a hard-as-nail prison, a woman-woman activist woman and many other stock characters. But in all honesty, this 'fault' actually helps the movie. Instead of boring character development of a on-track equilibrium, we are chucked, more or less, straight into the action and once it gets gone (very early on) there's not one scene that is a filler ?? he balls into the wall plot. Unlike a certain SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing conventions and genres of slasher, this is a bit of a convention itself, and, in good tradition 'slasher ol', PRISON punished those who were bad. <br /> All of this is an excellent little movie horror and one that is sadly neglected and unmentioned among the horrors of the world. With an excellent cast and great special effects and death scenes rather original this film is highly recommended to horror fans. Do not be fooled in thinking it will be a little movie silk cheese, just because it did in USA in the 1980s, it's far from cheese (although the very end does ruin this) and, along, far from Fearless and realistic (it also tries to tackle problems like prison rape, these rather subtle doing). <br /> I give it 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very fun horror movie with some pretty nice touches.
