What we have here is a compelling piece of low budget support with a relatively original quote, a cast that is full and familiar with one of the most competing movies in the history of horror movie. So ... could anyone please tell me why this movie is so nettle ??? "Prison" is the director of the American American Harlin American, who still counts as his best effort even though he's going to perform blockbuster hit as "Hard Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Seas". The story entirely takes place in an ancient prison and ramshackle Wyoming, reopening for the cause of over-population, other state-owned penitentiaries. Inside the ancient execution dungeons, the restless spirit of the last electric seat victim still remains around. Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) has been encouraging now 40 years ago, when the innocent man was killed, and the spirit still remembers the vile role of the unfair trial. It seems that the time for revenge has finally happened. Viggo Mortensen plays robbery in good cars that have to prevent even larger body counties and Chelsea Field is human social worker who slowly unravel the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" has more than half a dozen memorable gore sequences but it's the unbearable tension atmosphere that will stick to you for sure! Unlike any other horror picture of this decade, "Prison" features an amazing sense of realism! Then I look at the native scenery and the mood inside the prison walls, of course, and not towards the supernatural killers being committed ... though these are really unsettling as well. The best part of the movie is the realistic and difficult prison-driven sequence combined with visual film and shocking horror. Absolutely the best time frightening (giving me and nightmares ever since I've seen it's rather young age) focuses on a grizzly death-lit that involves thread wires. Ante !! Simply to only suffer one flaw, but that's a common one ... almost inevitable, I guess: clear! The story introduces almost all stereotypes possible in a surrounding prison. We were ugly, really misleading and the 'cute' boy-game, the cowardly keeper and racist avoiding confrontation at all costs and ?? naturally ?? old black nerves who serve a lifetime (i hear someone calling the name Morgan Freeman?) Do not set yourself blind on those clichés is my advice, as there are many other elements to be admired . The photography is black and humid, the mystery is confirmed by the long and successful success and support of prisoners in the B-actors class (fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even immortal horror icon Kane Hodder). Forget about God-terrible Wes Craven's explanation "Shocker" or outright cheesy cheese-flicker "The President". This chiller is only worth the track! Especially consider Viggo Mortensen peaking popularity nowadays (I heard it starred in a successful franchise involving elves, hobbits and other animals ...) this real gem huor ok you get an urgent DVD-released!
