I pulled down a VHS box from my vast collection - many unseen - and took a movie, based on the box art, I thought would be fun, and yes, bad. Prison was cheesy 80s watching all this box. I sit, I see, I see! and watch!, found that sometimes we are really sitting in a movie and expecting prejudice in mind. Fortunately, I overturned myself quickly and soon realized I was sitting down by just in an upright movie but a rather good movie in total. Prison tells the story of an old, deliberate prisoner being reopened to save on the budget's worries. It seems to climb as empty and full of prisoners. The jail used as a series is extremely atmospheric and easy to the most important character of the movie. The story is using the prison as its central environment says in a prologue of a man being killed across the electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - worn away from a cross before sending the man to his maker. We then go to today, first with a government board at a meeting we decide to open the prison and send a nice doctor to ensure that the conditions are acceptable as it evolved vigorously against the re-opening of the old prison. Then we see the new Warden, Lane Smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and given the new job of opening a prison he was not in years. Well, the rest follows costumes: prisoners and guards arrive with lots of luxurious stereotypes. We provide some character's depths and several of the prisoners are interesting characters. Acting better than one might expect and Lane Smith does as always a worker. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner was solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister, and Ivan Kane really explore the boundaries of their stereotyped characters. Chelsea Field is okay as the female lead. The best performance is not Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underrated character actor, as Cresus - a prisoner who was in jail this same since the "man" was executed "with some kind of terrible secret. Prison is not the best next things sliced ​​bread or something like that, but it is definitely worth a look and definitely better than later expecting from it. I was pleasantly surprised at how the director Renny Harlin creates a so visually atmospheric story. The film has a tension, speed and harlin know how to build its scenes. Some gore shotgun scenes - the one with the barbed wire was a bit as it was the one with all the pipes. But these scenes are Visually creative and interesting. Somewhat more importantly, the script actually gets out of films like those that can partly credibly Irwin Yablans who wrote the story. You can remember he came up with the idea of ​​making Halloween scary as a holiday Here's a jailer's confinement of a lot more as it is already izon a break (find it).
