There's a great deal of material from the Blaise comics and novels that might be great in a movie. Unfortunately, several attempts have been made and they have fallen short of the great potential of the character. So, no, this is not the Modesty you know from the comic strip (now borrower of beautiful edition from Titan Book). This is modesty some 5 or 6 years before the first strip, and in what you can piece together in its back-story, it's accurate. Miramax has the right to film the character, and Quentin Tarantino acts as lawyer and technical adviser. Right earlier in the Miramax project tried to adapt one of the best women, but still managed to leave out some important elements. Tarantino was not happy with any of them, and offered to remove his name from the project so they could continue. In the studio's studio, they wanted to keep it in the process, since they knew he had "got" the character and his world. And the movie rights are close to expiration, they decided to try a very different approach. The result is "My name is modesty," a small direct-to-video movie that introduces the character. The film does not feature Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These are important characters in Blaise's adventures at all of the most popular stories. What this film is accomplishing is to show the strength of the character by itself. She never lost her conscience, and you never doubt that she's even without gun in a room full of guns and weapons. Most of the movie takes place in a casino, which undoubtedly saves money on production. It does not matter. The movie does not come across as cheap. Instead, it provides a comprehensive and credible back-story for the character and demonstrates just how far he thinks ahead. Miramax should have adapted any of the comic or novel stories now, putting the character's background down nicely and will not have to spend much time on its "origin." I realize the words "Direct-to-Video" do not inspire confidence, but this movie is well worth a look.
