Outterly tactical, weird (look for the awkward moment of a gorgeous-blonde gorgeous act acts as pull-string doll for some rich people), freewheeling, but undoubtedly compelling late-night features. This French production is a scent of ideas that are not relevant to random designs that are centered on its very charismatic star (if a bit anti-hero) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Really they do not get all that much, especially during the prison, long mid-section where they hide themselves in a building during Christmas breaks cracking a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh fun! But this is when odd, if the intricate relationship between character and Delon and Bronson. After a manipulative battle in additions (and sly sly to fight against each other), the two come to an understanding that they are honored to share their other participation and have one respect for each other. This would go on to play a further part of Twisty second half of the story with undetectable curve-ball. Always the early encounters suggests there is more, but what we find is vague and this is great at what 's what is happening there? Finish that might just make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! Ready to get it out of the system. <br /> <br /> The rally is terribly slow, but placidly measured for it and this looks deliberately to exhaust and nourish it, nervous tension underlining. See the same same process repeatedly over and over, and you know something is not quite right and the reluctance to eventually come to play. Now everything that happens to be too spontaneous, but the payback to the bigger ante points. The tide, complex script is probably a little too crafty for its own good, but some own innovations (coins, glasses and liquids do not try to reverse) with visual symbols. Jean Herman's direction is with sophisticated and low-key efficiency, but finds an artificial tad and infuses an unprecedented atmosphere. The Fx sounds more characteristic than a potent score, than those of Franco DeRoubaix's fiction notes that mostly hold under wraps after its sizzling opening. Top drawer Delon (well-known) and Bronson (a jovial turn) are solid, and work at each lot. Bernard Fresson changed the mood as the inspector knows that there's more to go than that's been over. A beautifully attractive female feature can be supported by Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> A critique direction, but polite crime drama is maintained by its drive and some rare inclinations.
