Summary short <br /> <br /> This movie opens with soldiers released from the company. One of them chased another with a strange plot the other repeatedly denied. Later they both get trapped in an office building in which they want to crack a safe during the Christmas holidays. Obstacles turn into plain playful and then in a desperate battle for survival (while the plot loses all liquid scams, so it is really serious). With exposed, well-built and well-brushed rails they ram a hole in a wall and finally managed to escape ?? Only to find out that they were betrayed and set up by women. One gets caught, the other remains free and does not give away by his companion. A last encounter, an ultimate light for a cigarette, adieu l'ami, I leave you, friends. <br /> I found it difficult to see homosexual closet in the two main characters, played by her classic-superman Alexander Delon and Charles Bronson. They obviously attract each other, the treatment of women is abominable and marked by contempt at all. The whole story seems to be a great symbolic auxiliary, a little like salvation. It is also very stylish. Safe of the guys want to crack is in a ?? for the time ?? ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. It is the seat of an advertising company, so there are many fancy posters and wall coverings around. The wardrobe is also very good. The ultra stylish Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and elegant machine of all time) great features of this movie ?? Perhaps a subtle kind of product placement. <br /> I can recommend this movie for the actor's performance alone. Delon and Bronson really share the top bill, in a way that hits me as very fair and sporty. Both make a considerable amount of acrobatics. I never see Bronson better than here, it really acts - and speaks French at all, with a hefty accent buying very passive. And it is certainly the man ourselves we hear. (So ​​the French language version is highly recommended). The police inspector who is pursuing two is playing by my favorite Frat character, Bernard Fresson who was Gene Hackman's partner in French Connection II. It's the best police inspector in my arms. Also very good is former childhood actress Brigitte Fossey as a young genius who, as it turns out, is not so innocent as it first looks. Anyone who hopes the old-in-a-kind "classic classics would be disappointed with this movie .. For those with a little patience this will be a rewarding experience, full of novels and original ideas and careers Directly, although I have to be a bit too brutal and sadistic for its own sake.
