If you're already a fan of Peter O'Donnell's Wonderful Modesty Blaise book from the Sixties, you'll really enjoy this movie. If you ever saw the movie "Modesty Blaise" 1966, forget it! That was. This is Blaise's modesty. The story and the characters are both true Modesty who are fond of books they know and love. It's a long way from Joe Losey's travesty in 1966, and he has taken our modesty seriously. Alexandra Staden is good and credible in the party, and yes, we get to see his kick butt. chuckle <br /> <br /> This is likely to be the first movie in a series and as such it serves to introduce Modesty, his childhood and his day and lob. <br /> Since Peter O 'Donnell was the creative consultant on the movie, everything really really rings. Even the story O'Donnell said in how he became pregnant the character is just as he said. Having read all the books, I liked the movie even more for that. Now, Miramax has kept the options on the property by Quentin Tarrentino doing this movie, I hope to see more of the storytail modest asap. Especially as the wonderful character of Willie Garvin makes Modesty's character really come alive. For this, I really hope the film to do well in Europe. I have no idea if Miramax is ever intended to distribute the DVD to the USA. I suspect he might not do well in the USA in general distribution. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute its films. <br /> <br /> In the story, Modesty is in her early 20's, working in the Louche's casino in lair. The flachbak sequences are skillfully done and taken modesty from about 9 years old, through her youth up to now in the movie - about 21-22, I'd guess. I really do not think there is a "perfect actress" for Modesty. For many of us modest fans, it's so much too powerful a presence of our imagination already. Alexandra Staden is credible. It is very thin, graceful and waited. It has lots of things nearby. He has a big figure - one that sticks to yourself well after the movie is over. According to Donnell's illustrator O., Romero, Modesty has a rather complete figure than Staden, but I want to neglect it. If Staden continues in the role, I think it will mature in it - as Modesty grows stronger and qualifies as it gets older. Staden already translates the modesty humor with absolute insurance very well. Going ahead and renting this movie, it's not like anything else you've seen and even though it was directed by Scott Spiegel, it's full of touch Tarrentino, big camera motion, lighting and sequential action.
