This is the first Jean Renoir Silent movie I watched and maybe just because it is generally considered to be his best, besides being his first major job. In general, it is a very sure and technically accomplished film that links the fact that it was only Renoir's sophomore effort. For fans of the director, it is full of interesting hints of renewable cinematography in the future especially in the journal of a CHAMBERMAID (1946) and the GOLDEN COACH (1952) - in its illustrations in a femme female femme wanting frustrated by various aristocrats The types of shame they are - but also the Rules of the Game (1939) - shows how it does in one sequence how the domestically rowdy behaves when their masters' backs are left - and franc CANCAN (1955) - Nana is seeing having a go in the scandalous dance at one point. Personally, I would say that the movie makes for a respected companion piece G.W. PANDORA's BOX PABSTRA (1928), Josef von Sternberg's ANGEL BLUE (1930) and Max Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955) in his living recess in this murderous life at a courtesan. <br /> <br /> Having said that all, the film was a critical and commercial delay failure at its time - a "mad venture" as Renoir itself later referred to in its memory , not only personally listen to him a fortune (he eventually reduces the resulting financial burden by selling off some of his late painting paintings), but almost makes it give up the movie for good! Stylistically, NANA is quite different from the sound of Renoir's sound and must be a particular debt from the FOOLISH Wives of Erich von Stroheim (1922), a renoired film many - and, on a personal note, one that I really must review presto ( he owned DVD DVD in her and the other at Stroheims for 4 years now). However, NANA is certainly not without its flaws: a deliberate speed makes itself felt during the overly-generous time generating 130 minutes running and some sequences (the horse race around the middle point in particular) goes on too long. Artisans style craft acting on display is also difficult to take at times - particularly the Nana Catherine Hessling and Georges Guerin-Catelain's Georges Hugon (one of his various pretenders) ... although, technically, they The characters were a miserable actress (who took part in the courtship form when he was booming on the scene) and a weakness of franchise, respectively. However, like Anna Magnani in the GOLD COACH, Hessling (Renoir's wife at the time, by the way) is just not attracted enough to be very convinced as "the epicurean of elegance" (as another admirer describes it in one step) which is able to become the individual's domestic servant. The other noteworthy mention is "Dr. Caligari", himself, Werner Krauss (as Nana's most frustrated Nana, Muffat County), Jean Angelo (as a non-uncertain, but obviously tragic artist at Nana) and future director film distributor Claude Autant-Lara (bill as Claude Moore and also serves as art director here) as Muffat's close friend but who secretly enjoys and neglects the letter! The print I watched - through Jean Renoir's 3-Disc Lionsgate Collector's Edition - is for the most part, a remarkably restored and beautiful-tanned one that has already been available only on French DVDs. They were based on a classic of French literature (by Emile Zola, no less), it can not help but have brought on the screen several times and the two most remarkable movie versions are Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel At least with whom I own VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, which I'm not familiar with).
