I liked this movie. I totally agree with some (negative criticisms) that I have read about over the years. This was a great car for Eddie Murphy! It appeared in a great time with his party as Chandler Jarrell and he should never care about what the critics say, if it was fun to do it ?? and most of her audience liked it! And, it was fun to watch as it combines some great fantasy tension with the funny Murphy style. You must keep in mind that 'Golden Child' is a movie 'fantasy' ?? just an imaginative job of magic and wondering among the 'real' world. During this time this movie was released, I was working in a rental video store. This was one of the most popular and all our customers. Every single time, we put this one up on our control, ALL copies we've come out fast and smooth-list requests that have kept it on the queue for months! Everyone who leases it liked it! I was critical of resident films and all regular customers I would ask my opinion before they rented ?? This was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my clients so I highly recommend this to one of most of them. I really feel that this movie is a Sleeper ?? it may have not done too well in the box office ?? due to very poor marketing ?? but it hit a big one in the video rental and market buying later! (Yes, I bought this movie for my own video library!). I worship the little boy who played the 'Golden Child' ?? J. L. Reate - but after looking at his profile at IMDb, I noticed that he never made any movie anymore. That's sad, because it definitely had an on-screen aura and was able to continue with a movie career. I also worshiped Victor Wong, who played the old (I love her in her part as 'Shen ze' in the 'Big China issue' - 1986). At any rate, this was a great movie. The only disadvantages that did not seem to fit with the theme were some of the parts that got a bit more 'grown' in nature ?? such as' Chandler's sexual orientation above the snake lady who introduced him as a silhouette. It was funny, but it was still out of sync. OK, so had a hint of some free suggestions? These people have put in for the idea-series on the day maybe. This has always been a kind of adventure and film actress who we need today to get away from all the hard core facts and scrolling depressions that we hit and come out of Hollywood. Now this Entertainment!
