I still feel strange and guilty saying it (because I'm a fairly well-educated non-teenager), but I'm actually sort of like the Olsen twins, and I respect the movies they did, even though I never really did target audience. "When in Rome" was a traditional Mari-Kate and Ashley film, complete with foreign travel, accent, motorcycle, adult romance as a "B" storyline, fashion orientation, and even the reel goblin on credit. I enjoyed myself. "When in Rome" and other Olsen cinema movies never claim to be anything they are; Most of the time they are only premiere on video, and they never claim to be the next "Kane of Citizens" or even "a matter to remember." My point is, who watched this movie and expect it to be anything other than another twin Olsen movie will be disappointed. That said, those fans of the Olsen twins will really enjoy themselves. For those of you who have watched them since the first episodes of "Full House," it's really great to see them growing in more mature roles. This film provides important historic and geographic information, as well as many of the other movies (remember 10 Downing Street from "London winning" and visits to the Louvre from "Pasco in Paris"?) As well as providing good, clean fun that can be enjoyed in the whole family. While I still feel I'm on my box soap, as long as I can make it related to the movie, let me take a moment to challenge people who rejected the Olsen twins: in order to Be a fan of the Olsen twins, you do not have to do some pre-teen girls "Valley Valley" from California. In fact, it's not really the target audience. If it were, the MK & A fashionable line of clothing and accessories would be running in Gap or some stores like that, by Wal-Mart. "When in Rome," while presenting "high fashion" with globe-trotting and two girls from a valley in Cali, it's not really about that ... read more about inspirational virgin-maid initiatives let it take place. If so, put the movie in some alien celebrity city with nice guys on motorcycles, so be it. The so-called marketing - you take an idea and sell it by making it appealing. At least they will send a good message, though their means seem a little superficial. <br /> <br /> Basically, do not hit the movie until you've seen it, and then do not hit it until you tried to understand what the twins Olsen do: encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive, and drive young women. This movie does, I think, just like the others. Kids - enjoy. Parents - do the same. If you love the Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
