* There are deflators because I have to describe some movie techniques, so it's your own risk! * <br /> I liked this movie. The use of tinting in some of the scenes makes it seem like an old picture comes to life. I also enjoyed the projection of people on a back screen. For example, in one scene, Leopold called his wife and projected behind him rather than in a typical split screen. Her face is great in the back and Leo is in the foreground. One of the best uses of this is when the young boys kill Ravensteins on the train, a scene shot in a style of almost all political style, with facial closing ups. He reminds me of Potemkin's quirky, intense constant style coupled with the red spray of transmitting tons of horror without much gore. Even with the scene when Katharina finds her father dead in the bathtub ... you can only see the red water on the side. It's one of the things I like about Trier's winds, his understatement of horror, which ends up making it all the more creepy. <br /> <br /> The use of text in the movie was unique, as when Leo's character is pushed by the word, "werewolf." I have never seen anything like this in a movie. The use of black comedy in this film was well done. Ernst-Hugo Järegård is great as Leo's uncle. He brings up the snickers I got from his role in the kingdom (riget.) This humor makes the plot of crazy absurd craving of train conductors against the terrible series of WW2 and all the chaos, easier to take. He reminds me of Riget's how the hospital administrator tries to keep a normal at the end of one party when everything goes crazy. It shows that some people are really overwhelmed by the terrible things that are happening around them. But some people, like Leo, are tuned in, but do nothing positive about it. The voice over, done expertly by Max von Sydow, is also fun. It draws you to the story and makes you fly to Leo's head, which at times is a scary place to be. The film brings up the point that one is a loose if they do not pick one side. I see the same idea that is used in dancers in the dark, where Bjork's character does not speak up for itself and ends up its own destruction. Actually, at one time, Von Trier seemed to be anti-woman, not to break the waves and dancers, but now I know her boyfriend's behavior does not cost well either! I found myself in the same place at the end of Dancer, when you seriously want the main character to rethink their actions, but, of course, they never do!
