Lars von Trier is never back in trying out new techniques. Some of them are very original while others are much forgotten. <br /> It is Germany's war forecast as a nightmare train journey. With many cities lying in ruins, a young American Leo Kessler of German descent feels obligated to assist in the restoration. It's not a simple task as it quickly finds out. His uncle found him a job as a night conductor on the Railway Santropa line. His job is to go through the passenger's needs. When the shoes are polished a chalk on the plants. A terrible argument insists when a passenger's shoes are not chalked despite the fact that they were polished. There are many almonds in the German fans of adherence to the stupid details. <br /> <br /> The train journey is like a alley representing man's procession in life and all its trials and tribulations. In one sequence Leo shooter in the chariots returned to discover them full of half-starving corpses that appear to just escape from Auschwitz. These images, as they are, are happening as in a dream, each with its own terrible impact again disconnected. <br /> At a station called Urmitz Leo jumping out of the train with a paper bomb. In the sense of many non-standers it connects the bomb to the listener in a carriage. He returns to his cabin and makes a connection at a time clock. Later he jumps out of the train (at high speed) and lies in the fresh grass on a river bank. Looking at the stars above it decides that his work is built and not destroyed. Immediately as he sees the train approaching a giant bridge he runs at breakneck speed for riding the train and stopping the clock. If you take care to analyze the situation it is a completely impossible task. Quite ridiculous in reality. It could only happen in a dream. <br /> It's strange how one remembers little details like a row of cups hanging on hooks and moving further away with the balance of the train. Despite the fact that this film is widely acclaimed, I prefer Lars von Trier's film later (Breaking Waves and Idiots). The bomb scene described above really puts me there. Perhaps I'm a realistic.
