To fight death penalty is a just cause. Everyone in Europe would think this. Throughout the United States, everything is different. The movie seems to demonstrate in a first step that justice can be won against the riot of bigot death of American crime. A young man was released from death row thanks to a law teacher who returned to the defense council for this particular case. But the movie has an end. Justice in the USA is entirely governed by the purpose of revenge. Bankruptcy of justice is just the same that governs by revenge. Someone from the Local Public Prosecutor's Office has a young man who pursues fake charges. The Public Prosecutor's officer dropped down after a short while and the young man went out free of charge. But she lost her college scholarship and she is quatered by some who are vengeful to never smoke without a fire. He hides his shame, and swears to avenge him. But it also needs to satisfy its more cognitive sexual needs than hormonal but sure even stronger because mental and not yet hormonal and can only do so with girls. It apparently teamed with another serial killer that is after the same type of pricing. One day, the local cops follow their intuition, guided by some important wave of the assassination of a young girl, and the Young Chapters are being seized. They beat him up and interrogated him for 22 hours and nothing but neck and neck and phone books with weapons and Russian casinos. He confessed. Sending to death row, she asks her grandmother to attend law teachers in Massachusetts who is the husband of the local Public Prosecutor who made her falsely pursue a few years ago and the vengeance is on the rails. It will fail but it shows that as soon as one in the line of justice, police work and other security forces step off the line of absolute legitimacy, there are some unjust acts that can ruin even the best and nurturing allegations The worst profound thirsty imaginable for revenge. To load someone on the proximity component is just as bad as leaving an undesired component to break the work of the police or to justice. The best intentions on the side of the police are lost by some personal involvement and vengeful intentions, as much as the life of one can be endangered by observing elements inflated in the size of evidence, which in turn it will be danger the entire case by being just circumstance, hence easily digestible, and a good lawyer. The film then is a deep reflection on the need to comply with the rules and regulations of the police and justice lines if we do not want to make a mistake, which in its turn of course does not justify death penalty ever since It goes against the deepest beliefs of Americans who are supposed to have: "We hold these truths for ourselves, everyone is created equal, created by creators and certain unalterable rights, among which are life, freedom, and pursuit Earlier. "(Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right that was given to humans by its Creator, which means there is no one, but the one who gave it can take it away. Only God can save one's life. The death penalty is the arrogant allocation of a power that we do not have. Even if we do not conquer God, we can not justify the death penalty except as a retaliatory act, and here the movie show revenge is the worst possible motive in justice and public justice. If vengeance pushes aside there is no other justification for this death penalty. And it can still be a mistake in pursuit of Happiness, but in revenge. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University of Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
