A Convenient Survival !!, December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 from the United States <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> Starring: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne, and Blair Underwood. <br /> <a liberal, though good-hearted Harvard law teacher Paul Armstrong convenes the Everglades flordia not unknowingly black guy Bobby Earl.Confessing that sadistic, cold-hearted crippling cops and beating him in a shame to confess to a gruesome murder of an eleven-year-old girl. As he searches further and more in the mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. This black kidnapping police Lt.Tanny Brown in the little community is corrupt and villainously means. When sad, Blair Sullivan's assassin's serial blizzard is introduced. She discovers that she knows where the gun is smashed to the girl. When Armstrong finds that there is sane coincidences in Sullivan's road trip in the small town and the latter read personally wrote. Bobby Earl gets a re-tris.Izini infinite in jail and eludes his terrible punishment. Everything seems supposedly well until an unexpected phone call from Sallivan assassin series comes in focus.Armstrong discovers a double killer that happens to be the parents of the Sullivan. That's incredibly detests.Sullivan releases the true Armstrong of heineuz murderer Joanie Shriver and why he was brought here. It looks like Bobby Earl is a psychopathist murderer and he really does rape and kill Joanie Shriver. It's just merely striking a bargain with fiendish psychologist Sullivan. To get loose so he could kill again for revenge. About Armstrong's beautiful wife and daughter. Now Sullivan is executed in his death. Armstrong and tough good guy Brown pursue the malicious Everglades malware in order to block him .When Armstrong finds out that psycho sick Bobby Earl plans to kill his wife and daughter for a former rape trial that inevitably made him, enduring painful agonizing and caustic bouts.But well-behaved Brown cop copiously featured brutal baddie.Is sharpened with ruthless foods, man-fed aliens. Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survived live happily ever after. A good thriller that works. Deliver both mysteries and subterfuge. Now hesitate to the blacks were hazardous by racist lawmakers.Sentize with dishonest penalty. Even though sometimes the innocent condemned innocent, friendly black people can be truthful to be vicious baddie. Sean Connery is great as the subconscious, holier than your hero.Laurence Fishburne is Watchably amazing as mean, arrogant, but the guy's good guy. Underwood and Harris are on the head and invigorate as the psychos.Capeshaw malware is okay.Ruby Dee is great as the obstacle grandmother. The rest of the cast is wonderful as well.
