This movie really is a mixed bag. On the one hand, the story and the concept of the movie are really good, tense and some twists are drawn to it. But over again on the other hand, it all said very slowly, without style and uninvolved. Still I consider "just cause" as a thriller over average simply because of the fine cast. Maybe Sean Connery misunderstood her role. I mean, it's not really credible as a main 'hero' and father of a teenager (played by a teenager still very young Scarlett Johansson) and husband of Kate Capshaw. I feel that it simply was too old for the role to be really credible in it. However Sean Connerey is of course a great actor and that's the only reason why he still can bring the movie as good as he does. But it's the course that helped by a very solid support including actors like Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Ned Beatty, Hope Lange, Lynne Thigpen and Ed Harris. All the actors are really good, but some are very underused at the same time, which is a real shame, as well as a missed opportunity. Especially Ed Harris is just totally great in her role as a serial psychopathian killer. It is really refreshing and acting superbly. Normally it does not play this without mercy, chilling in the role of cinema, so it really surprises with her role in this one. Her performance alone is already more than enough reason to watch this movie. However due to the fact that the story is said without much style and too much formula, none of the characters in the film really works out well because it feels all too far. <br /> It's really the way to tell stories that kill all the movie's fine potential. Arne Glimcher directed the movie with little style and kept the pace too low at times. Therefore, we as viewers, never really involved in the story or any of his characters. <br /> It's really too bad, so "just cause" there was more than enough potential. A fine cast with a slick story and some unexpected twists and turns into it in that nothing is what it looks like. The cast and the stories are the only reason why this film is always a thrill over average, which will probably still please the fan of the genre. It however is an eternal shame that the movie lacks in its history and style, or else this movie has been a real classic in its genre. <br /> 7/10
