** SPOILERS ** Very busy drama police on a loose assassin in and around the small town of Riverside Wisconsin. Who's being tracked down to the local police using policeman Gina Pulasky, Helen Hunt, as a civilization discovery to catch him. <br /> <br /> There is nothing new in this movie for TV movie that you have not seen before, but the depth of the act and scenario is very good and brings out a lot about not only the killer, but the policeman , as well as his fellow policeman lover, state of mind. Did you put under psychiatric care after shooting an armed and unstable attacker, who attacked his partner with a rifle. Palusky officers are given the job to go undercover to get close to suspected murder Kayle Timler, Steven Webber. After she was positively identified by the Sahsa girl, Kim Kluznick, who saw her not far from where Timmy Curtis was found stabbed, 18 times, to the day of the death. <br /> Find a job of Mr. C "diner where Jim works Gina gets very friendly with him and later tells him, in order to get Tim to open up, on him maybe the murderer series that he once killed in a hit-and-run crash a 79 year old woman. Tim says that having a genius IQ does not seem to pick up Gina's attempts to trap him even when he later sees him in a bowling alley and his fellow flickrunner spends a night out. Play some strange cats and mouse games with Tim her in one point to find Gina, at the point of knife, admitting that she's trendy. But Gina told him that he was forced to do it by the police to get a break with an early release of jail. In addition to Tim's instability and criminal action we find that Gina is not all there as well. He seems to suffer from being rejected by his father who left him, and a mother drinks and abuses, like a young girl effective work as a civilian policeman. <br /> There is also the fact that Gina's lover policeman will McCaid (Jeff Fahey), who's aligned from his wife and two children, who is also on the serious murder case is too overprotective in it. This causes Gina almost to blow his cover, and later he has taken his placement. Cheney (Dan Conway), on the objections of McCaid Officer, after another young boy, 12-year-old Davy Marish, was found murdered Gina finally getting into it with Tim It is the person responsible for the string of murder in the area. Gina does not have a hidden tape recorder that replaces the one that he gives to show how honest he is, hiding about it. The film "The Company of Darkness" was not really that outstanding but the current by Helen Hunt Jeff Fahey and especially Steven Webber. It was these high gauge performance that raised the film well above the average made for television films being used to see.
