This is the fifth film Trier I've seen. I believe he's the only director who I gave as a high score on all of his movies. Four of them, Element of crime, Europe, breaking the waves, and dancers in the dark, I gave a 10, and one, the Idiots, I gave a 9 (and I was reconsidered if it gave a 10 since I first saw it, although I would like to see it once more before I do). He was chided to call himself one of the best working directors. I tend to agree with him. I can not blame her to be arrogant when she made the big movies. In 50 years, when Trier retired, he will look on as the pre-eminent film artist from Europe (perhaps from the planet), and there will be classes taught in his name. It's simply the Bergman or Fellini in our time. It's too bad criticisms are too intrigued by the self-esteem. <br /> <br /> About Europe itself, I'll admit that it was confusing and that its narrative did not seem strong. I think it's the point. This movie has obviously meant to represent a nightmare, or the subconscious at some levels. This is absolutely clear from the sidebar of the film: Max von Sydow's narration. We hypnotized, or Trier is hypnotized, and this is his idea / subconscious. I'm inclined to lean further towards herself, since the degradation in Europe's anxiety, an American, very small. This frame is also clear if you saw the element of crime, a movie even more brilliant than this (although I argue that in my mind; what needs more than Europe is a good match on DVD, hopefully the longer criteria , and theater aspect ratio with radio and photo sound, then I am sure to make sure that this film would look like great as any of the other films of the Trier). In the element of crime, the film begins with a hypnotist, who we actually see on screen this time, is hypnotized by Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the root of his mental anguish. The first words in the films are "Fantasy is okay, but my job is to keep you on track." And every time Fisher, the narrator, gets off track, the hypnotist chastizes him and tells him to get back on with the story. It even laughs when a character is given a really funny and frustrated line. Something on the lines of, "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" Hypnotist laughed and said, "Now, Fisher, did not really say that, did it?" So the key to interpreting Europe, almost the end of the elementary nature of crime, is that we are deep in our subconscious / source trim, and the symbols have to be interpreted by ourselves and will likely be different for everyone. What is the train itself symbolized? Consider it internally, and only then discuss it out. Europe is a great movie, a masterpiece. I've never been bored by it, though I watch it at 3 am. The perfect time to look, actually, since it works in dreamy logic.
