I saw this film at the Adelaide Film Festival '07 and was quite intrigued for every 106 minutes. I like documentaries, but they often get dragged and about 25 minutes away. Prohibit $ powered over though, never losing interest. The film is Norma Khoury, a Jordanian woman who was found fame and fortune in 2001 and her book publication banned love, a biographical story of the kind about a Muslim friend in her body that was murdered by her family to have a relationship with a Christian man. A few years later, though, a few journalists began to poke holes in the story, leading the public to believe it was fraud. The film covers this quickly, but well at the beginning, and from us we spend most of our time in the company of Norma as he tries to convince us that his novel is more than fiction. <br /> <br /> Director Anna Broinowski has found a really fascinating woman in study, and she endures intermittent with Khoury as she seeks the truth. As always in life, the truth is not so easy to find. Norma fears her life, worried about violent rehearsal on the portrait of his Roman painter success in the Jordanian Muslim. She refuses to return to Jordan and show us that. Broinowski does not discourage however, and slowly puts the pieces together in front of us. The result is an incredible look inside the mind of a con artist. Of course, what we get there to make little sense and very difficult to follow, and finally we do not know whether they believe Norma or not. It is either a rather unjustly put-on woman trying to survive, or a fantastic spinster. The Internet of lies, truth and half truths in the film is brilliant. The film uses a lot of foot interviews, as well as the dramas tell her story, and Broinowski uses these dramas to show us why people like Norma can exist: we want them to be conned. We go to the movies everyday and allow us to believe that what's happening on the screen is real. That would just be me reading things a bit too much, it did not come to Q & A with Brionowski after the movie, but that's what I took away from her. <br /> This is a great Australian movie, and must receive an international release, with a swag of awards if you ask me. Certainly the best movie I've seen at AFF07. <br /> <br /> Go to see it, if you get the chance.
