Historical: Max in Sydow's voice-over narration hypnotizes the protagonist (and audience) back in 1945 where our protagonist young ideologist Leopold Kessler's ideologist (Jean-Marc Barr) just came to post-WWII 1945 Germany to help rebuild the country damaged . Tonton Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) Leopold's material with a great work at the centropa-sized society, but Leopold soon fell in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); daughter Zentropa owner Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold soon finds himself caught up in a corruption website, took advantage of, lost his ideology, and is forced to choose between pests or cholera. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, fascinating, manipulative, noirish, haunting, beautiful, and ugly. These are some immediate, enchanting, descriptions that come to mind when thinking of Lars von Trier's 1991 CEO; the final chapter of Trilogy in Europe. In the United States, ZENTROPA has retained that hearing would not be confused with EUROPA EUROPA Agnieszka Holland from 1990 (also a WWII drama). Trilogy in Europe also includes ELEMENTS FORBRYDELSENS from 1984 and epidemics from 1987 (the infamous experience that only sells 900 tickets to Danish movies). Trilogy deals with hypnotism and loss of idealism, although the terms of this trilogy are not as essential as the visuals. At the opening of EUROPA we see a locomotive moving towards us while not identifying literally hypnotizes our behavior: "On the mental count of ten, you will be in Europe ... That's ten .. I said: dis ". A metaphor for the ability of the movies to transport us into a dream-reality subconscious. EUROPA uses a strange yet highly visual visual arts - the most popular Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is Trier's main influence - it says it all. It's a black-and-white film occasionally tied with red in the form of blood, a red dress etc. According to this rumor inspires Steven Spielberg to use the same effect in SHINDLER's list from 1993 (coincidentally another WWII drama) . In addition, Trier uses this so-called Dutch angel and reinvents background-projection by adding separately co-operating layer coating, but unlike old Hollywood movies incorporating it for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic purposes . These carefully executed strange-looking visual techniques that we are in a dream reality, we are hypnotized; The EUROPA universe is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for pressing advanced techniques (such as multi-layer background-projection) above draw and character, but this review criticizes Stanley Kubrick 1968 Visual Vision 2001: An ODYSSEY SPACE - nowadays it holds a mandatory seat all movies-story books. <br /> <br /> EUROPA also gets accused of historical illness. Apparently Trier gives the Nazis' terrorist groups-over-many historical significance. According to various online sources of incorrect (a fascinating subject - try Googl'ing it yourself!), Again Trier goals are neither educational nor history stories accurately. EUROPA is a never-ending nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, that is why the universe that hears the hearing is a distorted reality. Equally it shows how our memory misleads us - an accurate 100% reconstruction is a lie! Although the young audience of EUROPA experiments are too small to have memory from WWII, we have a collective memory of it in various BBC documentaries, so these small errors actually serve a purpose: they inform us that we are not in post-WWII Germany 1945, but in Leopold's memory of it. All three trilogy chapters show young ideologists and noble intentions of the corruption and losing their ideological ideals. The light forces of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show the ideologists are getting permanently caught up in hypnotized reality. Before, during and after shooting EUROPA in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Vørsel was very interested in WWII. It shows. It is packed with very beautiful vacationing to capture the atmosphere of the place-time period. A great example is the old Polish church (EUROPA has been shot in Poland mainly for economic reasons) in the recent act of EUROPA. As with 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think EUROPA will receive this place worthy of cinema history. Its methods of twisting old-fashioned movie-art films and visual techniques are so unique, unusual and completely different from anything you'll see from Hollywood nowadays, or any other dream-factory for that matter. EUROPA is an essential film in the catalog of Lars von Trier. Some write it as more commercial speculation, but it would be catastrophic. It's right up there with classic other classic and semi-classic classics like FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984, the TV series RIGET from 1993 to DOGVILLE from 2003. It's a unique experience of before Trier cares for his actors, before the Dogme95 Manifesto. Look it! "On the ten count ..." 9/10
