I was hardly aware of the time in the history shown in 1971 that Brazilian black comedy, but that does not mean it was not accessible to me because the film made it very clear. It's set in 16th century Brazil, where French colonists and colonial colonists exploited the indigenous people as confederates in the battles of affirming domination. What is particularly interesting about the film is that it is made by the Portuguese from the French perspective. The hero is a likable franc, the Portuguese are illuminated, and the rest of the French is oppressive and vicious. Portuguese film players are objective because when all said and done, we see that it does not make any difference with one side taken. It's about heredity required to break into the environment in a strongly defined time of clan. The enemies made and perpetuated, and like that, environmental integration never progresses. A French is captured by the Portuguese then captured by an indigenous tribe, the Tupinambas, after massacre a Portuguese group. The relocation of the tribe was predicted to find a strong Portuguese citizen to cannibalize as revenge for the chief of the brothers killed by a Portuguese musket ballet. The French thinking is Portuguese, they believe they now have one. But the French granted homage to the village, sooner or later to give a wife, and assumes their familiar appearance rather than Western clothing, or any clothing. Another French comes to the village and tells the tribe that the prisoners are indeed Portuguese, then insuring the French angry that it will tell them the truth when the French finds a secret treasure trove that another European hidden nearby. /> I found the comic opening scene, because its narratives and its contradictions on screen serve as big satire, though the movie did not seem to want to keep that tone much more often. It's actually not a tight movie fixed. The good, essential local, bad way of life and maternity native women do not only the French, but we, too, forget any threats, and we have the feeling of it as a free man. It should not be terribly hard to escape. Cannibalism is like desire as the full-front nudity of the cast, suggests in place as the representative core of Pereira dos Santos's political scene in the New World Mythology and Independent Society of Coherence. At any rate, this 1500s-era social era, aside from a Bay and 365 islands, played almost entirely naked and almost entirely written in Tupi, encouraging effective breakdowns in establishing ways they are topical because they are repeatedly century.
