CCCC is the first good film in Bollywood in 2001. When I first saw the trailer in the movie I thought it would be a wonderful family movie. I was fine. Salman Khan has given most performance ever. My family was not too keen on it but after seeing this movie my family is very impressed with her. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The movie will make a big hit because of the three main stars. <br /> It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya meeting and fall in love. They are getting married to Switzerland for the bees. When they become Raj and Priya finds that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when found out especially Raj Raj's (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family are playing one day cricket and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to have a miscarriage. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that he can not have children anymore. Raj and Priya keep this quiet in the family. Raj and Priya decided to go for surrogacy. Surrogacy is that they will find a girl and rage with this girl will have a baby together and then the baby on their rage and pryya. Rage finds a girl. His name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a whore. Raj tells him the situation with bribes and money and agrees. Rage changes Madhubala completley. Raj says Priya that he found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do so no one finds out. Priya spent the night in a church with Raj and Madhubala all alone and spent the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala comes to love Raj and wants him. What happens next? See CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> One thing I did not like about the movie is the ideas of surrogacy. They should do it the right way in the movie but it did not ruin the movie. It was always excellent. The movie is great. My favorite songs are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Walon Ne, "Deewana Hai Yeh Man" and "Mehndi" .. The song "Mehndi" is very colorful .. In that song she shows the gharb bharai taking place It's very colorful film worthy 10/10!
