A few years ago, a friend received from one of his friends a video and film by Michael Mann 'Heat' on him. After finishing this film, and being on stand, we saw that there is another film just after, hard on the enclosure tape owner did not write it. But we were all stuck back to our chair by opening its distinction, missing credit. <br /> <br /> Some two hours later, I just sit there asking: how can I not hear this prince? This film was Europe. Lars von Trier awakened the Noir film from the dead, deconstructed reality and intentionally obvious layers, yet often had haunting the similarity and post-war German photo I had seen. Then cut them hard! <br /> The story itself is a difficult-to-take moral odyssey that has no happy ending. A young American pessimist of German descent comes Germany's post-war, intent on making some good pay for the bombs his countrymen fell. But it mostly meets challenging and self-destructive challenges. He is employed with Zentropa, a dine-and-sleep-car company (modeled on Mitropa), whose owner is one of the naval collaborators whitewash. Our hero falls in love with his daughter - who later turns out to be a member of Werewolf, the Nazi post-war terrorists. When he does not understand the world (or just European) again, in his rage he blows a railroad bridge under a train that he just saves. <br /> As a final note, for historical truths: in the real world, the werewolf was nowhere as important as the movie implies, were mostly a final Nazi propaganda coup. After an SS unit attacked the majority of the Aachen allies, two months before the capital, the Nazis announced the creation of all sorts of saboteur and terrorists who will be ready to fight behind the lines, the werewolf. But only a few hundred mostly Hitler Youth got some training, and several times or three times they were deployed to murder communist suspects or foreign-forced foreign workers in the provincial villages to imprison the fear of man, and Hitler's death and at the end of the war it all fell apart. <br /> However, propaganda of werewolf had a profound effect on the occupants. They feared the werewolf everywhere, suspected of being a serious accident - but without exception found another cause later (ignored by some recent pseudo-historians). For example, when a primary fuel exploded in the HQ police in bomb-out Bremen, or when the Soviet military commander was killed in a motorcycle crash in Berlin. The effect was tougher over the Soviets, arrested tens of thousands (in large parts of children!) 'Preemptively' on suspicion of being werewolf, and locked them in the prison camp where many of them died.
