When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of his century in the cinema series, he took the opportunity with both hands. A personal trip to American cinema is a fascinating, wide and, as the title says, a very personal look at Hollywood movies. <br /> <br /> Scorcese's story is mostly about Hollywood's director ?? Actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators barely have a mention. He stated that right from the beginning that his main conflict in the film industry is that between the director's vision and motivation of the distributor's profit, between art and commercial viability. It even opens with a clip from Vincente Minnelli's The Bad and the Beautiful, one of the earliest films openly exploring this contradiction. This dictates the structure for the documentary. Scorcese looks at how genres have bright and glamorous to become distrustful, how Mavericks have challenged the production code, and how certain filmmakers fall in their favor when they dared to be different. However, Scorcese has never fallen into the trap of the dismissed director who always rejoices the studio's employers (he praises praise on Cecil B. De Mille), or those who were less in a recognizable style but were artisans of the movie however. /> <br /> Scorcese does not necessarily focus on her absolute favorite either silk (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of the greatest influence of Scorses, are only mentioned in passing). Instead, he looks at the people and films that serve his story telling. For example, it shows us a succession of John Ford films to show how the west has evolved. It appears in the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the director most often referenced in the documentary) to show how a genre supposedly genre like music can also have darker undercurrents. I can imagine that, this placement was not limited to America, Scorcese would also like to talk about, for example, Italian influence or British hero Michael Powell. As it is, it stretches the definition of American movies including both the Hollywood films of immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Circus, as well as the US work performed filmmakers who produced elsewhere? like this in Stanley Kubrick. Rather than simply telling the story of Hollywood chronological, Scorcese compares the films from various eras in order to tackle various subjects. In her section on language and the cinema tools, she starts with DW Griffith, looks like coming in sound, color and widescreen and inevitably ends up on computer product effects, although Scorcese is not keen on them, it is even-released They include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola defend them. However, it's not merely ending the chapter here as if this is the end of it. Instead, it then returns back in the 1940s, showing how a low-budget horror like the Cat's Cat can achieve effective results of the simplest and cheaper in component. Make one of the best movie documentaries made. There was a number of outstanding directors and photographs that I would never have discovered without, and even the most seasonal of film enthusiasts would likely find something new in its full scope. Scorcese has also restored balance in unforgettable or underestimated picture. I was pleased to see that, when he talked about Kubrick in his "Iconoclasts" chapter, he appeared in Lolita and Barry Lindon, for me the most mischievous movie. Respecting Scorses for the medium is on display in the way it allows the clips to play out completely, rather than just giving us small bits, and interrupting them with talk heads (a combination of new archives and interviews) only when needed. There is a bit of bias towards the 40s and 50s, but this is hardly surprising since it's the era of which Scorcese has grown and discovered movies. And after all, I do not think that this documentary could be achieved if it was not a personal trip. One word of warning though, in the depth view of certain photos, this documentary includes a few fair formulas.
