In Anne Anne of Green Gables (1934), Marilla Cuthbert (Helen Westley) and Matthew Cuthbert (OP Heggie), middle-aged siblings living in Green Gables, a farm in Avonlea, Prince Edward Island, decided to adopt a Boy from distant orphanages to help on farms. But the sentry orphans is a cautionary girl of 14 called Anne Shirley (Dawn Evelyn Paris - a veteran of Disney series in the "Alice" shorts that later adopted his character's name). Anne was only 11 of Lucy Maude Montgomery's novel but the same actress could not be credible away from the 11 college age during the course of the story. The film suffers a bit of this concession, as much of Anne's reaction and much of what it says is more fun coming from an eleven-old eleven from a teenager. As in the book, Anne is bright and quick, eager to please, but satisfied with her name, she builds, her freckles, and her long red hair. Being a child of imagination, Anne takes a lot of joy in life, and quickly adapts to her new family and environment in Prince Edward Island. <br /> <br /> In fact Anne is the original "Teenage Queen Dram" and filmmaker filmmaker to focus on this aspect of her character. Which transforms the basic genre of dramatic dramatic comedy family drama. A change that likes audience and that continues to frustrate purist reader. <br /> Since the great comedy of Montgomery's history, I can not see any reason to take issue with the changes, but that's why it's just a warning for anyone waiting for a totally loyal adaptation. The comedy component is the strength of the movie as it is one of the earliest self-reflective parody of the Hollywood Convention. The actress Anne Shirley was one of the ever beautiful Hollywood and the movie is in black and white. So much of the entertainment is to see the endless character's title character on his appearance and hair color contradicted by what appears on the screen. Anne regularly regales it has no stunning rural and melodramatic lines such as: "If you refuse it will be a lifelong traumatic life." Perhaps the funniest moment is when it corrects the spelling in its name on the classroom board. Tom Brown does a wonderful job as Anne Blythe's favorite love and Sarah Haden steal all the scenes in which she looks like Cuthbert's coupon neighbor. <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm only a kid.
