For those who are interested in business and the corporate world, this show is simply the best of the best. As one of the old contestants in the show written in his blog about this innovative show: People in Business finally had an audience. The whole idea is perfect; It has a businessman group compete against each other in business-related business, putting in the best place in the world, New York City. Donald Trump is perfect as the boss, though his month is bigger than the entire universe universe. It also makes a lot of skeptic decisions about who's fire, which is one of the negative on the show. Season 1: Great season in general, the best season of the "normal" ones. This season was one of the most current business skills. Later on the series almost drowned in job marketing relating to too much product placement. Huge and exciting competitors in general, with the most likable characters ever in this series: Troy. I know I'm not the only person to suspect that the Trump World Tower-Episode where he shot was rigged to have Amy and Nick win this particular job. Season 2: Also a great season. Their work was still pretty OK, and there were so many competitors. Jen M was horrible and should never have made it to the final, IMO. Also, this season has been the worst shooting ever (Pamela). Season 3: Terrible. Actually, I liked the concept of book smarts against street smarts, but the cast was so awful (it turned out that Trump hatred the cast as well) that the whole season was a total disaster. The best moments were the second episode (MOV Makeover), and PM Brian was shot, a guy who added nothing but the large amount of comedy value. Season 4: An excellent season, many because of the exciting and entertaining competitors this season (especially Randall, Alla, Marcus and the total disaster whose name was Toral). "Take me to boardroom" The episode is one of the absolute classic of this show, which ends with well-remembered shooting at four times. Unfortunately, I think we've been stealing for the Randall vs Alla Final. I think Trump was scared that he could win, and prevent that from happening. Season 5: A boring season and really there is no special thing to it. Brent was just an embarrassment and obviously only has to create drama. The works were awesome in general (how to create a jingle anything to do with business at all?). I think the best person was, but personally I could not care less. Season 6: I can see why they wanted to try out LA as a new place to show, but looking back it was a mistake. New York will always be there for that. This season has added many new things, most of them awful (such as losing out-of-season sleeping teams, PMs continue to be PMs, for example). The jobs were terrible and Trump also chose the winner wrong. James deserves it, no doubt. Season 7: Celebrity Edition. Best season ever. Totally different rules (like the use of rollers), but all fun and entertainment. The biggest problem was that many of the competitors were not real celebrities at all, especially the women where everyone was unknown to me except for Omarosa, which is a total shame in everything she takes part. This looked to be the Gene Simmon season, but after he made a complete fool on his head during Kodak's work, another man emerged from the shadows: Piers Morgan. Never has anyone dominated a season like it did. He breaks his opponent, he also came across as a guy with a great sense of humor (although some Americans envious (not all Americans, of course, do not take me wrong) Unfortunately did not have the social skills to understand li). WAY TO GO PIERS !! <br /> For this fan I highly recommend the UK version to begin Sir Alan Sugar as the boss. In fact, the British version is a better way, and says something since the American (and original) really is a great show. One thing about the UK version is that the competitors normally tend to behave like human humane humor in the boardroom, unlike the behavior screaming and rude behaviors that take place in the US version.
