The exciting aspect of the "Apprentice" is to demonstrate that the traditional work and resume work interviews do not necessarily predict the team's skills, job dedication, and job performance. And they certainly do not reveal any hidden agenda. In other words, a good indicator of potential they can see a work applicant in action that is pointing to the "Apprentice". Struggling for a corporate position may be covered by a sugar-rich resource and put on the best personality dress for the interview, but these are not necessarily the best indicator of strength, weakness, and performance. , The "Apprentice" involves 16 candidates working compete for the ultimate career opportunities: a position of investment company Donald Trump company company. The "Apprentice" refers to the winner who will win a salary position, learning the art of virtual stakes-doing from the master himself and, presumably, finding the first corporate connection. The position is a dream-come-true for those who want to make more money than the GNP in some foreign countries. Entire candidates, Trump show off his private aircraft, his private luxury apartment filled with statues and artworks, his Limos, his connection to celebrities, and other aspects of the life of a great billionaire bargain. Road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that compete with each other. Each has a corporate-sounding name, like Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams will assign jobs requiring an entrepreneurial enterprise such as creating advertisements, selling goods, or negotiations. Team selects a project manager who provides skills and organizational skills to complete the work. If they have, the manager receives a lot of credit, particularly in the final avenue. If they lose, the manager can also become the goat. Some of the tasks are tough monuments and only a day or two filling. Works can involve creating a commercial television, or print ad. Others may be involved in a retail outlet or on the street. Their work brings the best and worst of the participants. They often show immediately that is the most reliable, who is the most trusted, and who is hard work. And their work also exposed who is not a good team player, who is inefficient, and seems only out for themselves. Their work has always revealed the unexpected strengths and weaknesses of the participants, and in particular the project manager. How well the manager to interact with the team, delegate work, organize time, and set specific goals will largely determine the outcome, but it does not necessarily predict the winner. <br /> <br /> One-the most important aspect of a potential person is when he or she is assigned as a project manager. Their real abilities as opposed to propagating self propagation immediately show in the guise that can not be hidden by a tie or $ 100 or a nice makeover. Types of leadership and / or weaknesses often become agonizingly obvious after only a few minutes. People who promote themselves as top-notch leaders are not always strong when putting in a real-life leadership situation. It is always easier for your "horn horn" than actually engaged in leadership. Project managers, even those on their team, often do not formulate a strategy themselves. They often believe that do not dive to the end of the funds to complete the work in the first minute rather than take a while to organize and discuss how the job will be completed is more effective. More often than not, members of an ill-strategized team are running around like stuffy poultry that show it out as they go along, and in the long run they are wasted far more time. <br /> <br /> The team gets a taste of the high life, such as dinner dining at an exclusive restaurant, flying to a private jet, and / or a celebrity meeting. The lost team reaches the dreaded board room where Trump hears the excuses littered by members and knocks into one or more of the contestants like pieces of a chessboard and now infamous "You're fired." Often, the project manager has been partially responsible for the loss of the team, and may be the target of Trump's allegations. Each week, at least one person gets an injury to the lost team. <br /> <br /> The least-loved aspect of the "Apprentice" is the board room. While the works themselves carry out strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the board room often carries out the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game stressed having one team win with a losing team, even though the competition was closed. Members of the lost team begin to accuse each other, often gracious, about who was in blame. And sometimes more than one gets fired. I rarely see a non-performing candidate taking responsibility for the actions in the boardroom. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were perhaps the only candidates who took full responsibility for his team loss and received no recognition for this selfless act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson had the most integrity of all the candidates. However, Trump saw Kristi as weak and fired him, claiming he did not stand for himself, which could mean that he values ​​more than integrity. No one should sacrifice their integrity for that. Kristi Frank can not become the apprentice but he can live with himself knowing he does not blame others unjustly. Is not that worth as much as "winning"? <br /> <br /> The strength of the "Apprentice" is also its weakness. Because team performance is evaluated strictly by winners and losers, they do not neglect other evaluation opportunities. Preventing gaps between teams has lost and losing, sometimes a lost team displays a high standard of teamwork and effectiveness. I've seen lost teams sometimes appear better organized than the team has. Our Americans are so often obsessed with win and loss that we often neglect excellence.
