In this pool, this pond has lilies and frogs. Frog seated on water lilies. The frog and beautiful little flowers have a parasite relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a lovely lily, a groupie swimly sympathized with a crush on Floraine (Adele Haenel), a frog, the commander of his team. The Floraine teammates lean their leaders because blonde preternaturally curvy and the proportionate proportion of those who drop that betrays the syncing of compliance and discipline. But Floraine has a secret; The pipe has a bomb, which "Naissance des pieuvres" reveals to the audience, visually, before it confides in Marie. <br /> <br /> Floraine never goes, as they say, all the way, and a boy. <br /> <br /> At one point, we see a double-image of bomb bomb sex checking her make-up in a toilet mirror. "Lolita" is a morgana fata. Marie gets to know double floraine while imitation she breaks the water a nice little bit. While the frog goes on the motions of catching flies for the sake of appearance, it becomes naughty and lush in water when no one is looking. In the most thrilling movie scene, Lily's water agrees to give the frog a hand in losing her girl in the mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants boys to love her, but she does not like boys, seemingly, but most importantly to the frog that she's popular. When the little lily in the water finally kisses the frog, the frog remains a frog. The frog can not be transformed into a lily, or a princess, because a lily water loses respect to the frog. After the mouths unlock, Floraine says Marie, "Look, it's easy," which is how the frog's equivalent kisses and the orgasm that her friends gave her as nothing more than a rite-of-passage without any strings attached. Beauty Floraine is a burden. She carries weight in meeting boy expectations. Florence uses Marie to have one final fling before she morgana forga subjugates her imitation in the closet. <br /> <br /> Other lilies of the water, the other frog, Marie's best friend Anne (Louise Blachere) and the frozen girl games Floraine Francois (Warren Jacobs), just like any lily and frog, there is a parasite relationship, too. While Floraine uses Marie for love, Francois uses Anne for sex. But the life; This is the treachery of growing up, in which even a friend is turning to a good friend if the opportunity to move up the food chain is introduced to himself. In a McDonalds, the beautiful lily water chastises the other water lily after bathing in the lateral frog. Physical beauty is a currency. Marie gets called the shots because Anne, although far from being ugly, is overweight and has an unflattering haircut. Anne tries to fight back using her breasts like enough vengeance (the magnifying glass from Happy Meal to comment on Marie's flat chest), but the spoon (Marie thinks she's better than Anne, better than a lily water) points out that her breasts are a byproduct of fat. <br /> <br /> Teen girls can be brutal with each other. <br /> <br /> Later, in the final shot, "Naissance des pieuvres" suggests that Marie has a double, too, and symbiotic in the midst of lily water has the potential to turn parasite into near-time come, if it does not already have. Teen girls can be brutally with each other in such a way that no boy could match.
