It sounds like it would be a biography of Claude Monet but it's actually a very focused story about the relationship between three teenage girls on a French swimmer syncing team. No parents or teachers are talking about, no school, and boys are represented by one peripheral figure, Francois's dog that goes into the story is determined from time to time and always left confused. <br /> <br /> Pauline Aquart is the youngest of the three, only aspiring to join the team she so admired. It's kind of odd looking. It has not yet grown from its adolescent growth and has long, branch branches, big foot, and no dizzying talk. It prognathous and sporting these clusters to pry mouth. After a while its appearance grows on you and at certain angles it may come in to appear enthralling. Adele Haenel is older - more, well, more physically. What a celebrity face she cut off her swimming suit, sauntering around, harassing the boys, swishing her long blond hair. But it's not that it looks like. Or is it? I could not quite figure it out. The French are long over paradoxes and short on consistency. No wonder Francois is still sniffing after it. There are not many ambiguities of the Blachere Lacht character. He is on the team too but it's lumpy and plain, and tender about it, and he has an intense breaking on Francois. Blachere is a good actress and adds to the helplessness of the character of his performance. The film deals with the relationships between these three, meaning intrigue, deception, hidden feelings, and the rest of what we associate with girls who spend a lot of time with each other. This is of course a difficult subject. It becomes trickier during the gradual development of a homoerotic relationship between Pauline and Adele. Not that you should expect this to be a soft porn movie. The only stripping we see is considerably less than a turn on, and what little sex is under the covers, sometimes literally. <br /> I do not think I want to get in the draw or in its analysis too much, in part because it suggested rather than expressing in action, in part because it's complex, and partly because I'm not sure I got it all . <br /> Let me give an example. Agree. Adele is the other girl jealous. It's also quite far and self satisfied. On top of it is apparently schtupping every boy and person in sight if they can at any use it at all, from Francois to the handsome but mute driver of the bus he wants a favor. She brags unashamedly on her fake expertise. When Pauline approaches on joining the swimming team, Adele uses it as an alert during assignments with the guys. A superior and independent narcissist, do you know? But then the sulfur-dried breath takes Pauline's thinness under her wings and reveals Pauline that she's still a virgin. Really? Yes, really. Pauline began drawing closer to Adele and Adele finally acknowledged that she would like to get rid of her humanity and she would like Pauline to do it for her. Pauline, now trained sexually to Adele, does the job and relapses relieved. NOW Adele would really like to get it on with a man, preferably older and experienced. So she took Pauline in a boot where she danced seductively with some guys until she followed Pauline in the powder room. The girls standing there are staring at each other, nor did they express a sexual interest tinged to the other. But Adele stands so close that Pauline gently leaves her own tail, reaches, and kisses Adele on the lips. Adele steps back, smiles, and says, "There are now, what was not wrong, was it?", And then walked back to the club. <br /> <br /> This is a very close description of whatever will be between Pauline and Adele - but what is the hell going on? Initially, Adele treated Pauline as an irrelevant child, later as a close friend, finally as a potential lover - and the minute Pauline replied, Adele markets meet. Does Pauline use the way he seems to be using people? Does she know Adele to know she now has another person in the unwillingness of slavery? I did not know. <br /> I was killing Louise Blachere as the third member of the trio, flowering flower and overripe whose expressions still suggest dumbfoundedness but which at least is quite heterosexual and the first of three to get rid of that kid kidney, but I just skipped it for consideration in space. <br /> <br /> Should you see it? By all means. (Just compare it to the typical American movie about high school kids.) For men, some of them never penetrate the mysterious girl, this can give you some idea of ​​what it looks like in medium injections.
