Lily Water is a well-designed movie since France on girls' sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with specialized, slightly hygienic material that is like cut-set in some ways it is catchy to others. The film focuses only on three young middle-class girls in a clean new Paris neighborhood. Life focuses on a large pool indoors where two of the three are part of a water ballet that has synchronized. <br /> <br /> These distractions like parents, siblings, working with schools have been exemplary in the equation. Central sensibility is in the upper hand but tied to Marie (Pauline Acquart), who is not in the team, but thinking he likes. Mary worships Florian (Adèle Haenel), a beautiful blonde with exceptional outfits that the boys are after. This takes Marie away from her former best friend, also a member of the sweeping water team, a little fat Anne (Louise Blachère). Being less special Anne is more really accessible to the boys. Floriane, like this movie, promises a bit more then it really offers. Marie has high quality for a young girl: she suffers from inside. Flroiane not so much suffering as jumping into situations and then bolts. <br /> <br /> Marie is dazzling by the glamor of the ballet as well as Floriane. Florian takes advantage of this to make her first slave Marie with a cover for her attribution, then missing any other friend, her confidant. All the other girls think Floriane a slut, an illusion he encourages to boys and boys he teases, because he leads them over. She suffered the beautiful girl's fate for not a human but an object, and she can not resist the boy's evaluation that she does not want to kiss her and her bed, but she does not really care about any of them and she knowing that their involvement is a trap. Marie's hired act as her palate for her (inviting) mother will not know she will go out to meet boys, she also gets Marie to rescue her from the boys later. She looks at the opposite first, but Floriane needs Marie as much as Marie thinks she needs it. Anne left her discomfort with her body and a desire to get this turf more real than the other girls. <br /> <br /> Keeping all the external context of Bay, Sciamma can emphasize subtle in the delicate equation of the three girls' goals and interactions. On the other hand the movie crap, including lots of showers and spit as well as underwater swim shots, makes it feel completely airless at times and some of its 95 minutes do not pass so fast. Luckily the film has a sense of humor and it allows the trio to sometimes forget all-present targets and avoid and just do strange things, useless girls. It's the offsat moments of film life; too bad in a way that does not have more of them. But Sciamma has the courage of its obsession and what remains as one walk from the theater is their personalities and their dynamics. Along the way of course it is nice to watch the swimming and gaze of the girls, who understand love gaze at themselves. <br /> There is no big revelation or drama on the road, but things get a bit more interesting when it results that Marie does not just admire, but really wants Floriane and is jealous of her boyfriends - who Florian still stop them before they go all the way. In a typical irony of this kind of draw, Floriane actually decides she wants to have her first sex with Marie - but Marie is one of the holders, because she knows she will not have the significance of Floriane that she will have her. When it comes, it's a timid, mechanical affair. Meanwhile Anne has a big break on Francois (Warren Jacquin), a swimmer male, but of course she is after Florian. The boys are not an element that has been subtracted and there are still dozens ready to pool or to the dance floor, but they are just flesh and faces, poles are available.
