These kinds of movies about young adolescents fighting with their own sexuality were something unique and daring and daring a couple of years ago, but more and more movies like this have done over the past few years It's hard for movies to stand out really. <br /> Also this movie has received small advertisements, aside the usual movie festivals that feature this small French movie, as well as the great festivals that are still fond of these kind of little cinema on their daily subjects was busy too often in the movies. The First Movie of Cannes in 2007 and actually won some awards as well. The movie does not really stand out from others, since it actually features little new ones once you've already seen some similar movies like one but that really does not mean that "Naissance des pieuvres" is a bad person to watch . The film is certainly a good look, which occupies its topics well and tells its stories gradually and therefore also effectively, in a somewhat slow down French cinematic speed. <br /> It is a come of broad film, focusing on the life of mostly 3 totally different middle adolescents. Sexuality is a major theme of the movie, which gets busy gently and subtle. He made the film and his story in general a pretty real one, though perhaps somewhat predictable, since the film does not offer anything original enough in its genre. This type of French movie will probably scare off a lot of people because of the reasons they probably expect it to be very attractive, with the deep layer and its meaning. "Naissance des pieuvres" however is a very accessible movie for everyone and you really do not have to do in the Euro-teen movies to appreciate this movie. It is a kind of sweet and a bit sensual in films, due to its subjects and visual approaches. The film is also made realistic by its actors, who has not had and have a lot of experience in film business but are authentic looking and feelings of their role. Strong individual characters give the movie and some nice themes and good moments. <br /> A good movie on its subjects. <br /> 7/10
