The French title meaning "The Naissance des Pieuvres" literally means "The Birth of the Octopuses" is rather dark, so it is perhaps not surprising that it has been marketed in English-speaking countries as "Water Lily ". "Flowers" in the English title are three girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of a swimmer team based in the Paris suburbs, and the movie is a "coming-of-age" drama development of the first sexual feelings. <br /> A feature of the movie, perhaps unusual for a movie of this kind, is that it focuses only on the relationship between the young ones themselves. We do not see anything of their parents or teachers, and many of the adult world at all. Three girls are very different in appearance, and they are described as being very different in character. Marie's shy, retired girl is thin and petite and appears to be the smallest of the three. Anne is something of a plain Jane, Floriane a glamorous blonde that is very popular with the boys. Three, along with a handsome man named Francois, are involved in what might be described as a love-quadrilater. Anne has fallen in love with Francois, but she is hit with Floriane, who seems to return her affection, although it is not meant to be male admirer. Indeed, not all of Floriane's admirers are men, because Marie has a crush on her attractive friend. The movie board shows the way in friendship is developing; At first it seems that Floriane is simply using Marie as a convenient excuse when it is in fact going out to meet boys; Her parents presumably object to her boy dating, but there is no objection she will come out with female friends. Later, however, we realized that, despite Floriane's image as the sexy, famous girl who is still the center of attention, she actually reciprocates Marie's feelings. The film overturned some conventional stereotypes on sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and rather rude face, looks typically "butch", yet she is the only one of the three main characters that is unambiguous heterosexual, whereas Maria is more conventional feminine and celebrity Florian lesbian, or at least bisexual films from age are common enough, although most of them tend to avoid the controversial subject of genes lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, deals with its subjects in a sensitive way, with three very good performances of its three leading actors, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationship between characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, is complex, and can be a number of interpretations. (Is Floriane, for example, simply using Marie for sex, or does she really have romantic feelings for her? Does the Florian's sluttish behavior and Francois and other boys are just a device to hide her lesbian feelings in the world outside? Or even hide them in mind?) This was the first movie made by young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at the time); On this basis it must be considered a new promoter. 7/10
