The original title means "birth of the Octopuses". I must confess that I'm not familiar with this title. The English title is "Water Lilies". But after writing this, I read another user's comment: "The title in French is also suggestive:" prieuve ", or octopus, suggests a person who has juggled many pressures together." Thanks for your explanation. The basic theme is the first sexual emotions of the girls, when it's not clear if they are directed toward same sex or other. It's different for the boys. I think both Floriane and Marie will eventually have heterosexual feelings without any admixtures. Many of the films are water ballet. Sometimes the girls will have themselves lowered, and nothing above the water except the feet and lower their legs, and where they will be wave and kick in the air. For people like me who have never seen things before, it was fascinating. - Floriane is the leader of one team of "water lilies". <br /> <br /> Marie tells her that she would like to see when Floriane is training. This seems to be the first contact that is not just ordinary. Soon they will walk together. Florian takes Marie to a garage where a boy is waiting for her, and then goes away with her for an hour, while Marie is waiting for her to return. I was taken for granted that the couple died with each other. But we will later learn from the film that they do less than that. <br /> I can provide some information that some users will find elsewhere. There is a scene in which Marie secretly steals Floriane's trash bag. In it he finds an apple, especially food. And Marie continued to eat all the rest. ?? There is a parallel scene of another film, "Kazetachi Does Not Have Gogo" (Afternoon Breezes) by Hitoshi Yazaki (Japan, 1980). This is about young adult women, and a woman Lesbian woman is vain in love with a heterosexual woman. It also steals a garbage bag of the beloved, and also finds an apple more or less eating and eating the rest. <br /> <br /> And Floriane tells Marie that she would like to have her first orgasm out of her. Marie says he can not do that. <br /> But still later Marie says she is really willing to do it. And she masturbates on Floriane. There is no stripping at this stage. <br /> <br /> Probably was only a female director could have made such a fine psychological show or study about? I would like to speak Baudelaire, "Les amour enfants". Florian played by Adele Haenel, who performed excellent performances as the Autistic Girl of the "Little Devils" by Christophe Ruggia (2002)? ? a very ungodly movie.
