This one in a scaffold; many enthusiasts by this high percentage as well known to all classic episodes because it lacks the deep meaning or arch of those really great, but this one is well-executed for what it is, So successful as most entertainment, it is always my personal list of episodes of half-dozen heads, no matter what my attitude. Several well known future films ("Westworld") and television shows (more bland "Fantasy Island") took the ads from the site of this episode (then of course, the TNG show the regret concept and the holodeck technology). Very well-filmed (especially obvious in the restored version and on DVDs) and directed, it takes place in the beautiful environment such as parks in a planet that the Enterprise has just happened. It's odd that no animal life, even insects, seems to exist here (how to pollinate flowers, for example), but things turn really odd when members of the landing party begin to see the last people (Kirk has a recent heavy person, it turns out), as well as figures from other well-known fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-style police revolver (added to her collection of swords, no doubt). <br /> <br /> At this point in the trek series (half of the first quarter), the main characters were pretty much solidified by the old friends we would know about several years' procedures. Here, we get them really seen to relax, converse and work together in this episode of this episode: The strong narrative is a mystery again, in kind, and the audience is together for the ride as Kirk & Friends seek to unravel a very rare Event series with a designated taste. It's almost capricious, after the controversial style established on the vessel as Kirk has finally manipulated into baking down after showing definite signs of stress and fatigue (the Enterprise has suggested, just filling a harassment mission). Then Dr. McCoy dies by a horse knight; Yes, this is Dr. McCoy's final episode ... just kidding. But he has no joke in the rest of the landing party at this point in the story. McCoy really dies for all intentions and goals and, like the best trek episodes, the 2nd half of this adventure scrambles in a frantic, more desperate time of action and suspense. This is all signaled by Kirk's Sulu Resolution Answer, which voiced its lack of understanding on any of these events just after McCoy's death - Kirk will get to the bottom of all this, becoming what can. , it does not get much easier for Kirk: what follows is probably the longest mano-a-mano battle for the series as Kirk tussles with his nemesis from his academy day, a similar struggle takes place more than half the planet. But this is contiguous by the extraordinary scenery scene, and another of friends of the circus of past. This episode runs gamut of all human experience, rather fitting in light of what we learn about the current purpose of this strange planet. It meets that the script really explains all that happened, as opposed to some nonsensical approaches that infuse many other fantasy & sci-fi series and similar scheme lines (unexplained appearances by people who could not possibly be there). And there is actually a subtext in the story - that we humans need to 'work' in our tensions and fatigue in a particular fashion, or we just do not function in a 'normal' way natural. Also, remember the appearance of very beautiful Yeoman Barrows and sudden absences at Yeoman Rand, who did not return until the first film of '79. I believe that after this episode, even more fancier fans could not wait for the next appearance of all the favorite characters. But I left this episode with a final, perhaps tantalizing thought: if McCoy was killed (verified by Spock), how do we know it was our real McCoy that beamed back up to the boat? Perhaps this explains why this McCoy has always inspected starships over a century later and getting together pretty well with Data.
