Another episode of childhood, as an adult, I look at with a different perspective. This was one of my favorite children's episodes, one that really cemented my worship in this show. However, about watching this episode after 20 years, I would say it is definitely one of the lightest ones, played for laughing and entertainment, instead of the dramatic and well-constructed lines of previous episodes of this, first and best season. Perhaps this episode was written for a small R & R fan too! As Mr. Spock said, the story is just logical, but there are some fun lines such as, of course, one Spock's end to the end - when he asks the Captain, McCoy and if they like R & R and they respond In the affirmative, he raised a concern and said "fascinating ..." in the only way Mr. Spock could do that. An interesting story line, of course, the idea of ​​an amusement park that was actually fun (instead of the fake and often annoying "entertainment" in Disneyland, for example), being able to have the one's will actually come true . Really, a great idea, but not well-executed. And coming from Theodore Sturgeon, another of the great SF short stories writers used in the first quarter, one miracle how many tinkering was made in the script that Sturgeon turned into. <br /> Now, here's a little trivia I've learned on this site very much: In 1987, James Gunn established the Storgeon Theodore award for the best science fiction story. And I will quote the rest of this site: In 1968 he wrote the "Car of Joy", a third script for the Star Trek TV series {Amok Time Other}, which has never been shot. The main reason why it was not used in the series was that it had an effective inexpensive sequence that would be too much for the budgets. However, the script was adapted in a book by Sci-Fi writer James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, the original series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I would sum this to say episode This is always very enjoyable, especially if one does not think too much about it. Just laugh and enjoy it with our next episode we can get back into serious things in protecting the universe.
