Hollow Man begins as a brilliant but flawed scientist Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) finally works on how to make things visible again after being turned invisibly by his own serum. The serum is tested on a previously invisible Gorilla and it works perfectly, Caine & his team to celebrate the assistant, but while it should report the tool to his military army Caine wants to be the first invisible man. He manages to convince his team to help him & the procedure works well & Caine gets invisible, however when trying to bring him back the serum fails and he remains invisible. The team desperately searches for an antidote, but nothing works, Caine slowly starts to lose his grip on reality as he realizes what power it has, but is able to use it being trapped in a laboratory. But then again he is invisible right, he can do anything he wants ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Paul Verhoeven I rather loved Hollow Man. You know it just after Christmas, I've seen this a few hours ago on early night / early morning TV & worst of all I feel sick, not because of the movie, but because of chocolate & pop teaser I've had over the past week so I'll keep one short. The script by Andrew W. Marlowe has a decent rhythm but it suggests slightly during the middle and has a good central property, taking into account the basic idea that being invisible will make you crazy just like the original invisible man (1933 ) The Hollow Man film obviously must be a bit fair. It manages to have a successful mix of horror, sci-fi & action & provide good entertainment value for 110 odd minutes. I thought that the character was OK, I thought some of the ideas in the movie were good although I think it's generally known that Verhoeven does not deal in subtleties, the first thing he has the invisible Cais is sexually molten one of his team and when he gets into the outside world he has Caine a woman's rape and the justification 'who will know' that Caine says in his heart. Then, of course, at the Gore, it shows a rat being torn apart and is just the opening stage after the credit, to be just his violence is a bit more sparse this time around, but they Still there is a nasty and sad tone on it. After saying that I love cinema / Gore / movie exploitation so Hollow Man delivers to me, it's just that it might not be everyone's been in. <br /> <br /> Verhoeven Director does a great job, or should special child's effects make him look good. The special effects of Hollow Man really are spectacular & more-or-less impeccable, brilliant & it's as simple & straight forward as that. There are some good horror & action series-pieces here though well though the climatic battle is slightly over-the-top. I love the effect where Kevin Bacon disappears one layer of a full time with veins, organs and bones on full shows or when the reverse happens with the Gorilla. There's a chicken moment, including a rats being eaten, someone is blowing on a spike & someone has themselves busted open and blood splattering results. With a stranger budget of about $ 95,000,000 Hollow Man is technically weak, I can imagine the DVD interviews where some boffin special features say they sketch Bacon's body out right down to it's last vein that they actually did because Do you know anyone watching it would notice if one of the veins was missing or in the wrong position? The act was OK, Bacon made for a good guy anti-hero type type scientist. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is one of the toughest Hollwood extravaganzas tires where the effects and actions take center stage on any sort of sense or character story but to be brutally honest sometimes we all love that in a movie, well i know i do. Good solid budget entertainment with a little nastier & darker track than the usual Hollywood product, definitely worth a look.
