It looks like a lot of IMDB comments on this film partial, in the sense that they try to compare it to an older version. True, "YOU MAN" is a rumor of the "invisible man" type, but that's where the similarities are finished. "HOLLOW MAN" is a fun movie, period. If you watch a movie with the intention to get as many flaws as possible, then you should not watch the movie in the first place. True, some films are clear and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain and make you think what you would do if you were invisible and if you were old you have to join with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon star as a unique scientist who, along with a collaborative team, discovered the way to make invisible creatures. Now its mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (working, as you might guess, for the Pentagon) think that they have formula for making visible animals again, Kevin volunteering volunteers to be the first to try the new experimental drug. And of course, things go wrong, as Kevin Bacon remains invisible for the rest of the movie and is required to wear a latex mask, so his collaborator knows where it is. Feeling paranoia and despair begin to take Kevin's character, and when he finds that his ex girlfriend and his collaborator (Elizabeth Shue) who have a passage with another of the young scientists in the team, he finally master. The movie then turns into a hybrid of "alien" and a flicker slasher, but this does not tell it to a bad turn. There are crises and thrills and the movie moves at a nice pace. The special effects are toothache (a quality still prevailing in Paul Verhoeven's film) as we see to see the sequence of "rebuilding bodies" never seen on a movie before. If there are some things that complain about, perhaps the predictability of such situations is; By the first hour of the movie you know Kevin Bomber will make the jump from being unusual and unique to being an homicide ants in the end. And the finish is a bit abrupt, but despite that, HO MAN is always worth seeing. If you want to know what a bad movie is TRULY is, then waste your money on "DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or even worse UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh", and Land Henriksen). Now is "hollow"! 8 * from 10 *!
