In 2006, AMPAS has provided one of the most innovative documentaries describing wildlife in the world's coldest place, this film was mass of the Penguins reported by the Academy Award actor Morgan Freeman. Walt Disney Studios has a monopoly on the animated circuit for decades now. They took their elbows in movie action films and he was hit and miss all across the board. Disney then created a sub-division called Disneynature and releases its first feature film titled Earth. This is absolutely one of the most touching and informative documents I've seen at sometime. Narrated by the great James Earl Jones, Earth does not offer anything new to anyone who has watched the Discovery Channel in the past five years or following the Global Heat Crisis crisis very tight. Earth touched on the problem very closely and took a very liberal approach to the subject. It allows an emotional connection to nature that I have not experienced before. It also shows not only the beauty and refining of our gorgeous planet, but the grunt and disturbing aspects that it often entails. It is one thing to watch "Mufasa" falling from a cliff of a tired or bamboo mother to be shot by a hunter in the middle of the woods. It's all right because at the end of the movie we know it is, just that, a movie. This shows penguins, polar bears, elephants, all sorts of families, from all walks of life, living and dying in their natural habitat. The real things make a real movie experience. Even though a bit heavy-weight on the graphic nature of the movie (which many will agree), Earth is a touch experience. Stunning cinematography works here by a great camera team with an amazing note by George Fenton. In comparison to the mass of the Penguins or Grizzly Man, it does not really hold any measure but it stands great on its own. At the end of the day, you grow an appreciation of our planet and a bit of sadness as many of you probably never visit the places we will witness in the movie. We live here again as we never get to explore the planet for one reason or another. Earth is beautiful. <br /> <br /> *** / ****
