First of all, the release date is 2009, by 2007 for this feature film nature film length. It should be best referred to as "Earth, 2009". Second, I have been able to address the complaints to some of the reporters who saw the 2006 Earth Planet TV series. <br /> I have not seen this TV series, but learned here, that this movie is full version lengths in this 2006 TV series. I judge any movie, on its own basis, not by it's source. I judge the results, on their own, and the results of "Earth, 2009" are indeed excellent. I dismissed the trivial complaint of some revisers: that it's simply an enlarged version of the TV series "Planet Earth" 2006. So, what? It does not really matter. <br /> As a movie scrub and someone who has seen dozens of nature documentaries in my life, I was amazed and very impressed by "Earth, 2009". This is the first film of Disney's new Disney "Disney" track and followed by the footsteps of Walt Disney's pioneers and award winning academies documentaries in the 1950s and 1960s. <br /> <br /> Kinematografi, film editing, music notes, sounds and narratives are all excellent. There were a few other nature documentaries that were also excelled in these categories. What really sets "Earth, 2009" apart is' the scope. It literally covers the entire planet, covering all seven continents. After my first look, it was obvious that this documentary film requires a massive effort and amount of time and talent to create. Three production companies were required to make this film documentary amazing. <br /> <br /> "Earth, 2009" is compelling to tell the stories of four species of great migration as it spans a year of the beginning of January and ending in December, from the North Pole to The South Pole. Two special high-tech cameras are used for this movie: one camera has a 360 degree computer controlled engine rotating lens and the other is an HD camera set in an amazing 1,000 frames per second. This film technique really adds drama and beauty to some of the scenes of "Earth, 2009" especially the cheetah chase and great white sharks shot from the sea to catch lion's sea and an aerial view will be on the edge of the highest waterfall the world. There are many stunningly beautiful shots in this documentary. On movies, music notes and narratives, there are dramas, sadness, humor and beautiful beauty of this documentary. With a great music note made in the renowned Berliner Philharmoniker, excellent movies and creative with James Earl Jones narration, I consider "Earth, 2009" as the longest feature feature film documentary ever made. Five years of hard work, patience, talent and dedication really pay off pretty well here. This film should have to look at all schools all over the world. I propose awards Academy for Best Documentary, among other prizes. Surely, an amazing, amazing, horrendous and magnificent documentary film. <br /> <br /> Very much recommended
