This is a movie-run-of-the-mill film nature. By porn, I do not mean sex. I mean free images of (for example) thousands of birds together, or hundreds of morsels, or a giant waterfall or iceberg. Several of the shots in the film seem to exist only to make their way to the trailer, to get people in the theater to see it for every ten seconds before it disappears never to be seen again for the rest of the movie. > <br /> There are almost no plots in this movie. Told to expect a story of three animal families, "better than the mass of the Penguins", the movie simply does not save. The blame rested in three key areas: (1) writers who gave James Earl Jones some of the worst lines to tell the nature of the movie nature, (2) the music team has dramatized everything to tell you what you should feeling, even when the movie fails to motivate, and finally but the most important (3) editors who had the story jumping from places to wear with no rhyme or purpose, there is no continuity, no leakage, sucking the life from the movie all - a movie about life. When we got to the candlelight halfway through the movie, I sunk back into my chair and scared, hoping to hope that the film was over half, and that I could survive the long-term endurance test with the animals on the screen. <br /> There was also almost no science in the movie at all. They are attributed to warm and cold (all of it, not just the seasons) only in the tilt of the Earth, ignoring the fact that we would have even greater extreme from the place where there was no tilt because the poles would never be hot. And it would be worse if we had no rotation (relative to revolution) like Mercury, because half of the planet would cook and the other half would freeze. Then near the end used the phrase "man and beast", as if people are not animals, somehow exempt from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> I must credit the camera work, however, and yet that is why I call this pornography nature. Everything from super-slow-motion that seems to be a little-geared mechanically-controlled time-error photography, was set to use to give some (and I caution, only "few") stunning moments that increase the bar compared to other film films. That said, I'm not convinced that it was all the nature of the screen. Some of the vaccines show the great watering hole in Africa, as it changed the seasonal season seemed like CGI with me. A director would expect this suspicion and build in other vaccines to show that it is all natural, but they did not. <br /> For a movie on Earth, I was hoping a lot more on Earth to be shown. What we saw was primitive. We had to take down the narrator's words that some species at risk due to climate change. They did not show us proof of it. They did not show us that Alberta's poison is visible in space. They did not show us the great Pacific Treats. They did not show us a night photo of human light pollution around the planet. These are as many Earth as anything else. Why cover it for a feel-good whitening? <br /> <br /> My last criticism of the content is in predation. Whenever a predator was shown on the screen actually hunting animals, the music turned almost into that Mt Doom scene from Lord of the Rings, and the predator described as some sauron ultimate-evil characters. But the predators are not wrong. They make a necessary service, ensuring that the best members of the animal species survive. We are predatory ourselves. Whenever the predator keeps the animal, we immediately cut something else, sort of pretend that death and food do not really happen. The final day was the "Polar Bear" polar bear left after dying to try to eat. "Bad Bears! Bad!" You can almost hear them say. <br /> On the presentation itself. My theater may partly blame for this, but maybe not. I was hoping to see something and clearer than I could see on my own HD LCD in the home. But the picture was blurred, and was presented in the same 16: 9 report I could get to the house, instead of the wider ratio of many films coming in those days. And during one action-packed scene near the end, the movie (I can not imagine what's happening digitally, from how it looked) was damaged, and we lost several of the colors, eventually listening out completely . It repeats about three times. If they actually plant a tree on my behalf, it will be worth it. But how will I know?
