Warning Warning is for those who want to see for themselves that animals and landscapes pass before their eyes, although I do not mention it in great detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is an approx. 90 minutes movie version based on "Planet Earth" that I watch all about BBC TV. The TV version was told by David Attenborough, a fascinating commentator, whom I wanted to do for "Earth" but it's Patrick Stewart, Star Charyo to escape Picard. There are regular vaccines on the Earth from space for this may be appropriate. In any case it has a nice enough and calm voice for it. There are 12 chapters in which we follow life on earth from the North Pole in Antarctica. 3 family animals, polar bears, elephants and candles, appear in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with an indication how far from north pole or equator it is. We see something of every kind of animal, but only mammals and birds, and some fish, and some beautiful shots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, wilderness and forests, a perfect presentation of variety of life and scenery and climate earth. You get the impression that our planet is only inhabited by animals: people or villages or cities are not in the movie, so it's a typical nature documentary but breathtakingly shot and accompanied by delightful music. When the open movie I already knew it would end up too early for me. It's a family movie, so there is no brutal killings in any animal. Being caught by his hunter's shot ends and in other cases where we see the animal kept it in the slow-motion shot that makes it less violent and observable for young children (age 6 limits in the Netherlands). No bloodshed. Some scenes (newborns) are really beautiful and will be worshiped by the kids. It looks like an ordinary nature movie but when you know how many days of shooting it took (4000) and how much it costs it gets an even more amazing piece of beauty. He had it premiere Dutch yesterday, a month before the actual release, in a movie in 500 seats, of which 15 were taken. True beauty is rarely interesting for watching movies, it seems. As I knew the TV series I was of course very curious if my favorite scene would make it to this movie. Some did not, but the most impressive shots (big waterfalls) did, luckily. It was the first time I ever called in a movie movie.
