Riget II is a good, but not quite as good as the first one. This series does not seem to be quite as serious as the first one. There are so many comedies in this, a good, though. <br /> We returned to the Danish Rigshospitalet, Danish national hospital. Ms. Drusse is just about to leave the hospital as her job is done, but fate wants to read otherwise. It is soon pursued by ghosts and Helmer is making everyone fool and he soon finds much worse as black power is trumped into the kingdom. <br /> This story involves a lot more comedy than the previous one. By all means lots of fun, but it makes you take the series a little less serious. The story has kept a lot of elements from the past series and added some new ones. It's well written, but some of the new elements are just amazing, but they save it by making it more like a comedy. Good story, but not as good, original and thrilling as the first series. The actors are the same and some additions to the regular cast. They are all very good. It's an odd and environmentally friendly story. Some parts are a total freak show and the characters change during the show to keep it serious and keep it real is not an easy task. But these actors are doing all this perfectly. <br /> Many of the goodies come from the first series to hold intact. Cinematography is one of these types. The hand-held camera that made Trier world famous provides suspense and reality series. It gives the camera a unique ability to move and track the characters and Trier make use of these capabilities. Good, movement, lightning and good composition and correction make this enjoyable to look. <br /> Be prepared to see the best effect at this end of the first. Also prepared to see some more. I did not think that green things look all too good. Thought it was unoriginal and did not fit. Never less, the effects like ghosts are really good. The non-digital effects also look good. Little Brother looks just really odd, but you accept it. Everything else would tell the effects from OK in good. <br /> <br /> The music is also quite good. Moody and beautiful. Some of it's really touched. It fits really nice. As the first one there is rather little music in the scene scene and it works very well. <br /> <br /> All along this make a good end. If you see Riget you can see this one without shame. It has many of the same types as the first set. However, I would recommend seeing the first set before seeing this. These two make a series you do not want to miss.
