City Hall takes on politics in a city rather than country, state, or any sort of large political table. Growing it in New York City is a major political arena, especially nowadays, but it still goes for a smaller scale and puts the microscope on a few key players in a wide city scandal stumbled on the right hand of the mayor. Director Harold Becker is a very familiar director of elements of the thriller that made Mercury Rising, Malice, and Domestic Disorders and I think in many ways it contains lots of genre of formal suspense genre that's almost in a fault . I mean City Hall is meant to be a political drama, not a thriller, but rather that all is said and done and once you get into the meat and potatoes in the movie it feels and looks like a thriller but a only decent in which and many important parts of the recipe that immediately make it stand out ... what else ... or rather that others ... Al Pacino. The film starts by giving you a really good look at life at the office of the mayor and the inner workings of the city. As the film continues to expand its political spectrum to include a democratic boss, with its connection and then we are featured in some of the city's go. As unfolding events a mystery begins with the political aspect is kind of left in the background but still has a brilliant set up. <br /> I absolutely hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean though if ONCE does not give a good performance how could I ever say it? The man is acting royalty. There is just something brilliant about his entire attitude. In City Hall Pacino plays New York City mayor. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately looks at a highly upstanding politician. He also delivers one of the most powerful and outright engagements I have ever seen in the funeral 'James Bone'. I re-looked at the talk four times and the first time I watch Pacino give it, my mouth gaped open and I almost wanted to stand and applaud. It is brilliantly written and brilliantly delivered by Pacino. Jan Cusack, whom I really enjoy as an actor, turns into a mediocre performance and exceeds the deputy mayor Kevin Calhoun. It is kind of focused in the movie with him, and Pacino has good chemistry together when they are on screen but there is just something in this performance ... it seems like he's trying too hard. And its accent is just scarce, and although it is supposed to be cut-off and intimidation it does not get gathered to pull it off. Maybe she's got a movie. Bridget Fonda, on his way from his high point starter to a harsh job as lawyer for Maribeth Cogan law enforcement officer. His performance seems very similar to the Cusack in that it just does not seem to find his groove with this character. Danny Aiello is terrific although his character is slightly under exploring as democratic boss and link to Frank Anselmo's mafia. Martin Landau makes a decent candidate as judge under scrutiny Walter Stern. The problem with City Hall is obvious in my review of the characters and actors. Everyone is ... okay. There are a lot of back stories that they try to carry out without actually showing it and unfortunately leaving you just a little confused about the whole plot. And of course you have Al Pacino in a rather small support role but it's absolutely brilliant in it and outshines and overshadows every other actor in the movie. It almost feels like they may be intimidated by him being on screen with them. So, City Hall could be this great drama / comet epic policy but it felt off and tucked down to an average run of one to grind but it still involves Pacino with a different turn on the inner work of politics . If you just will not see this movie happening to find Pacino's speech at James Bond's funeral because the word electricity does not seem to give it justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible because of a movie he pulled out box in a talk and make you feel. If you're a fan of John Cusack who i ... he definitely does better, but he's the main character and all of it does get his justice. A decent film but unfortunately potential losses. 7.5 / 10
