The film concerns a classic theme. In fact it concerns the theme exploited by Batman, from beginning to end, but in real data and details. Mayor New York, indulged and very diligent and dynamic, to get some projects through a little faster than usual, producing some pressure from some private business contractor on a criminal drug dealer who should have been sent and kept in jail specifying The judge of his turn put him free on probation in spite of a negative probation report that disappears but is not destroyed, be it only because of the political value he represents. And that happened happening with a few people, including a dark black student who died in a shot out between a police detective and criminal. The city can explode because of it: racial tensions because of the black school boy and social tensions because of such criminal insecurity are roaming around and away with criminal activities representing the public. Without the film does not show that tension is very good and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to find the truth and finds it out. But on the road, some witnesses have died, and those who have played some role throughout the business have been forced to retired (the judge), at the end of their career and life (the entrepreneur or entrepreneur goes from) a public officer who was ready to deliver the probationary report disappears, and some shady characters after giving some important information. The mayor even retired and took a long vacation; But the main interest in the film is in exploration of the Mayor's contractions making cover up the problem with the controversy he remembers he did in the past that led to the error on this probation case. The political philosophy that nothing is more white or darker and that everything is gray that is never comfortable giving decision makers invoked as an excuse for wrong, but profitable decision. We do not talk about the compromise needed to get some consensus in some of the vital areas of public interest. We are talking about considering less important to make a bad decision about some little criticism or supposedly petty than some urban infrastructure or economic projects in the city. It's not typical of New York. This is true of any mayor's office. It is just more important in quantity and quality in a major metropolitan area such as New York and of course in a city or country where police departments are municipal and controlled by political imperatives. Youth deputy mayor pushed the old mayor off the path, and he was honored to be the governor of New York to become US president. The Mayor is perfect due to the achievement of Al Pacino's offering us since it is able to express ten minutes of dialogue with one facial expression that makes the whole dialog unnecessary. I find the end a little mushy and the mayor of the former mayor-campaign in his own name. This seems to mean that he was so attached to justice because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his own way. So it's not better than everyone else, just still too young in his ambition. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University of Versailles Saint Quentin in Yvelines
