I read the negative comments before watching this movie and undeterred, going ahead and starting to watch it. I admit that I had to rewind quite a few times as the movie is incredibly complex, involved with full details. This is a good thing, but also quite unexpected in this culture of car chases, explosions, free sex and general violence that replace plots and character development. In fact, what a welcome departure, however, I'm so used does not pay much attention to what I watch. <br /> <br /> This movie is full of character development and draw lines; the kind we had analyzed when I was in high school. It requires actual mental participation on the part of the viewer. What a nice change. I would like to compare it to the 'all men of the President' in terms of generic subjects. That is, it is a mystery of intense misconduct on the part of elected officials and people who have sufficient influence on their essentially 'own' officials. <br /> <br /> Unlike the 'President's all men, this film makes an effort to give a couple of personality to personality to character. In this sense the film is a character study like the 'Negotiatior' with Samuel Jackson and Kevin Spacey. In that movie, the characters are both city employees and the plot is very intense. But the scheme depends on the ability of the characters to cooperate with each other, trust each, and finally united alongside the corrupt police department. There are more firearms in this movie and the specific scheme is different but generic, there are many similarities. <br /> I'll say that Hall City requires a lot more concentration. In fact, I was hit by how parallel it was with the present political scandals I saw in my life going back to Watergate. The thing is, the public knows that something is wrong, for sure! but after the details are difficult to do. This film is not even close to being as complex as real life but it is actually realistic in life in its complexity. I think that one of the reasons why posted posters was criticizing the movie: unrealistic expectations. <br /> If someone watched this know what they are about to see with them up to the experience, it really is excellent! I watched it 3 times in a row! The act is superb and the directive is impeccable. The weakest link is the accent Jan Cusak.
