Wow ... 5 more hours at Riget. Lars continues to combine great occasions, dark darkness and soap-opera drama. Select exactly where the last episode of the previous series left (filled with even the same intensity and suspense, though that does not last; for better or worse), this installation of the franchise looks a bit more bend over hurry ... in the last series, seemed to spend a day or a week between each episode, whereas in this, it is clear is one long stretch ... where an episode ends , the next begins. A lot can be said about Lars von Trier ... but it is very diverse and beautiful unique. Both types of shows. The plot continues its excellence, now giving a few regular characters to minor players in the episodes before first time more attention. Basically every character comes from the first returns, at least as far as the main roles go. The rally is not as sharp as in the first part, and I find myself less gripped by this one. This is not in any way to say that this did not involve me, though ... I always find myself watching, and at various points react strongly, often loud, to what was going on ( very strange behavior for me, as I'm an incredible silent person), as I was during the first. Like the first, this also brings some loaded ethical questions. Built on the foundation from the first, this brings the story further ... and was an end, the dimension is also bigger. Grander. More spirits, most unusual events, plus subplots. The strong graphic material in the first round came back, and he was chasing up a tooth. Characters are developing further. The act is amazing, like that of the first. Udo Kier solidifies his immense talent, for anyone who doubts him. Playing a very difficult character (anyone who saw the first series may be more likely to know what I mean) * and * acting in a language he did not speak (he was later armed) ... and still Distributed in these strong performance. The cinematography remains great, and it is still very hands-free, and zooms quickly and occasionally takes the time. Correctly sharp, and a few direct cuts of sound (though these were more important to the first). Now, with all that said, I would really like to be able to rate this a perfect 10 ... or at least just below, like the first four episodes. I really like watching, and I do not regret it to the youngest. But this has the shortcomings ... these first parts were there and more. As the first, the humor just takes up too much space ... and this time around, it's even worse. There are several new character characters that have no other reason than to give funny relief ... three of them, not less. The scenes are set up and executed for any other reason than the laughing audience. Fine for a comedy, but what it does in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, there is nothing short of sadistic at times, horror pieces? Clearly clear Helmer's secret is hidden in loneliness change from the hospital hedge ... from which he could see his beloved Sister ... in a toilet. With an angle from inside the bowl. No, you read that right. In general, the humor looks lower-fronts ... more sex and body function jokes, which, again, begs the question "Why?". Most of the writing is excellent, some of it is downright to be long. Several scenes are basically copied from the first mini-series (one would guess due to their popularity when it unveils). In time, the drama seems somewhat more than the first bomb, and it jumps too much at times. Fortunately rarely but still noteworthy, draw points and articles explain far too easy (a certain character living in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... anyone in his / her knowledge of whom I speak in). Of the dishwashers, while still mysterious and insightful, gets too much of a gadget ... too overexposed, in the end, I guess. Most of the scenes and they are always enjoyable, though. In addition, I want to reassure any reader that in spite of all the negative things I've just written that this is still mostly good ... definitely enjoyable, compelling, powerful ... and in humble opinion, it would must definitely be seen by anyone who liked the first (though if part of this group; do not expect to feel that the story ends after watching this any more than you did after the first). I recommend this to any fan of Lars von Trier and anyone who has enjoyed the first riget and wants more places to come from. I encourage anyone who even consider watching this to make sure you've seen all of the first before you do ... I bought this before I bought the first, but I was keeping out on watching until I bought the first and look that, and I can not tell you how happy I was. Even though this features a brief summary of the first events, there is a huge amount of detail and aspects that you would miss out if you did not see it before watching this. A little smaller end, but definitely always one to look if you liked the first. 8/10
