The danger and criticism / philosopher Slavoj Zizek and his film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, have taken together a wonderful amalgam of silence, horror, sci-fi, surreal and contemporary stairs together to make his point in Comparer Freudian Surcharge . But in the pervert's guide to Cinema it also makes the same-point points to a point of departure from any other analysis I've seen on a collective section of film. While it does not cover the rounded Scorsese coverage of the cover, the same attachments, and Zizek have a definite love for all those "perverse" and films, especially the work of Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. But one should not go to see this- if you can find it that is, I got to see it almost by chance-thinking Zizek will just try and dig all the psycho-sexual parts or parts referring to a obsessed, disruptive way. If anything it opens one of the points that can never be considered otherwise - one would think of three of the Marx brothers as representation of id, the super-ego and ego (eg Harpo's is more dead-for me). <BR> <br /> It is not just one to take on the classics though, it also considers the thought for the thought of the Matrix and Fight Club - in representation of the split between fantasy and reality and if the womb needs the energy as much as the energy needs the uterus for the former, and in the attachment of violence to dealing with self self as well as double the latter. It even launches a piece at the pivotal moment of the Sith's Revenge when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, with the implications of shunning away paternity under which back masks at that time many child births are happening elsewhere. The ideal of paternity, male sexuality, the male point of view in turning fantasy into reality (at which point Zizek just points out as the moment of the nightmare's creation), and subjective girls, to explore perhaps more dead-on with Vertigo . This also goes for a scene that Zizek dismantle as if it's the film Zapruder, where he dissects the three collision points in the psycho-sexual position of 'Do not you look at me the Blue Velvet scene. /> Now it would be one thing if Zizek himself went on doing this sincerely, aroused, and somehow possible point just to face the camera or especially in voice-over as Scorsese do. But it goes a step further accentuates its point of fantasy and reality, and how to overlap, crossword, become one with the same, or spread to more absolutely in some feelher netherworld or primordial for some character (ie Lost Highway) does not put itself in place where the films take place. Funniest is first seen in the "heading" boat towards the same tip of the Tippi Hedren dock at the top of the boats; Equally funny is the same as the Blue Velvet lawn goes on to explain the multi-faceted points of Frank Booth; Only one, when it's Solaris-like territory, it looks a little cheese. But Zizek seems to have lots of fun with this set-up, and after a while the potential bootstrap of this gadget and Zizek's words come. <br /> Some of my films of course we hope, especially in Hitchcock and Lynch, but a treat for movie manure from seeing two stuff-movies that would never have thought of seeing in a movie titled Movie Pervert's Guide to Cinema (The top two for me would be Disney Pluto cartoon and the display on the Chaplin's film, albeit with a high score on the power and distinction of 'Voice'), and that one is not has seen again (ie the ventriloquist horror movie, Dr. Mabuse, Stalker, among others) that inspired the immediate sentiment of 'wow, I have to see that immediately, no questions are asked.' Zizek is a powerful writer and his work, and put it in front of a clear one that reminds us why we watch the movie in the first place, to be entertained, sure, but also have real experience to sit and have something They got up, as he put it, looking into a toilet. It's probably one of the greatest films on movies, and in such an extreme narrow analysis of how Freud works his way into films concerning desire, Id / Super-ego / ego, and in the supernatural of fantasy, that you do not can never see. .. Without distribution finally kicks off, if only on the smallest levels.
