"Cinema is the last pervert art .. It does not give you what you want, and tells you how they want to." So begins the "Pervert's guide to Cinema," in which Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyte Slavoj Zizek applied his frantic / Lacanian brain-scalpel to his world of cinemas. This film in three parts is the second feature documentary directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes, sister of Ralph and Joseph), and is a remarkable achievement, the clock within 2 1/2 hours of talking about one person and yet remaining funny and committed to all. In essence, it is an extended movie conferencing, and one of the best you can ever find. Over the course of the film, Zizek guided us through a catalog of mania and desires in movie history. It touches over more than 40 films and, in particular, spends a great deal of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Marx Brothers, and Eisenstein. He also takes a close look at "Persona," "The Conversation," "Three Colors: Blue," "Dogville," "Club Fight," and "The Exorcist." In fact, Zizek's inquiry into cinema ranges from thinking about driving to death in the "coordinates of desires," and from the gnosticism of "partial objects." <br /> "The Pervert Guide" will be a little better if you took a few minutes to bump into your Freudian basic terminology. However, even if you are not penetrating psychologically theologically, the dynamic personality and hilarious Zizek brings the film forward with the likes that you are not likely to have the balcony in the specialized language. The movie often cuts out of the movie movie clips of Zizek * inside * the movie she is talking about - that is, in the original places and sets. The transitions in these sequences support these tensions and humor that the trick never gets old. And Zizek himself is always making us laugh, either in small rage or out of his enthusiastic insistence on, for example, a bold Audio Interpretation of the "Birds." With this go-ahead-and-laugh attitude, on the parts of both Fiennes and Zizek, is essential to the gonzo character of the film. It is spoonful of sugar that helps us to digest Zizek's strange medicine. After all, not all of us have a sense that, past a certain point, the psychology theorists are just pulling our feet?
