Put in mind, any movie (left for documentary) that pretends any kind of truth, will generate a negative and proportional amount of cynicism, from those who are any suggestions in and or search for truths that are not meaningless We are already masters in psychology, film, and soul souls, they will no doubt find this redundant film, after all, you already know everything that has to know. Congrats. For those of us in the minority like myself, I found "Perverts Guide To Cinmea" .... especially brilliant, and worth looking for those who are interested in movies, psychology, and modern philosophy "A Little Like Scott Mclouds" Comics Understanding ", director Sophie Fiennes, interpreting Slavonic philosophers, psychologists, and social critic Slavoj Zizek right in many of the films and specific scenes he discusses. The coverage is an image from the" Birds "(Zizek takes a boat from the re-creating shot.) Lacanian psycho-analysis, not necessarily crying, an evening of great fun ... but it is! If you love movies that are .... Some knowledge of Lacanian psycho-analgesic help ( Symbolic, Real, and Imaginary) are the terms that get thrown around a little wound at first, but the scenes that Zizek select and analyze make remarkably clear what has always been for me, a very abstract topic. In fact, it's probably pure good has a familiar with the films he has discussed about passing and the terminology it uses, which becomes more clear as the movie goes s you. <br /> Why I love, this movie is not because it chooses great films to analyze or reveal great truths about Lacan but show in a very practical and smart way, where films and psychology (and by default philosophy) are met. <br /> <br /> Why is the "sound of music" kind of fascistic, why is "cut short" on more than just class and alienation, why the birds attacked the "Birds", what have to learn about Yourself from "Alien Resurrection", what the planet "Solaris" wants, what "Psycho" and "Marx Brothers" must be with each other, and what the hell is David Lynch getting Through the movie after movie ... well Zizek has some ideas. The role of the voice of both the "Excorcist" and "Star Wars: The Revenge of the Sith", is perhaps the most lucid and most sophisticated movies when it comes to sexual subjectivity women I start asking. At one point Zizek admitted his feelings that the flowers are a kind of decorative vagina dentatta, that they are disgusting and should be hidden from the children (jokingly, but looks like ...). <br /> Anyway, it's a fascinating documentary, which anyone ever saw a movie, and thinking it meant something more than was literally stated, should be an attempt to see. Slavoj Zizek, this is a must also, much less dry than the "Reality of the Virtual", and more direct than "Zizek!", Two other pseudo-docs, on the "Elvis of Critical contemporary criticism", as it is they were armed, in the English speaking world. <br /> <br /> "Guide to the Perverts of Cinema" is NOT about the role of sex in the movies. Zizek claims movies are latest pervert art, because it teaches "how they want, and not what they want", and that it is only the form of contemporary art that can allow for such desires to be articulated. This is not a movie about finding the reality of movies, it's about getting the movie in fact, and how important and interesting can be. Hard to find, and briefly, but well worth the problem, one of the most "exciting" films watching my experience has ever been done.
