It's stock, sweaty, a little cross-eyed and restless. He stands before us and calls himself a pervert. It claims that we ?? movie viewers ?? see the screen as a toilet bowl, and they are all secretly wanting for all s ** t to explode from the inside. It is unpredictable and scary. OK ??? Come, you could guess by now: it's one of the leading philosophers of our age. <br /> <br /> Slavoj ?? i ?? and is also a narrator and a subjects of the new movie Sophie Fiennes, Pervert's Guide to the Cinema. Fiennes shows a lengthy conference by ?? i ?? Also, do this in two ways: do not give exemplary movie clips and wear ?? i ?? and on real (or rebuild) places from the films he talked about. It's always nice to watch scenes captioned out of great movies (although the Sith's Revenge got here as well), but the main attraction of the Pervert Guide ?? she ?? i ?? also himself. What makes the movie fun to watch is the unanswerable question one can not help but ask about and over again: what is more outrageous, i opinion ?? the hack or the presence of the screen? In a documentary by Astra Taylor (?? i ?? ek!, 05), Slovenian philosopher at a point confessed to his fear was silent. Because he claimed, it feels like it does not exist in the first place, the only way to make everyone else believe he's always talk and fever. And talk he did, and how. Also the Pervert Guide ?? is dominated by his voice ?? delivering perfect English in the most crazy ways, and making some amazing points on the movie. <br /> <br /> What are these? Well, for example he sees the Chaplin's reluctance towards speaking pictures as a sign of a universal fears of his own voice (kind of foreign forces taking on people? Thinking of the ventriloquist segment of the night dead [45]). He says that the bad nature of the movie is to teach us to want some objects, not to give us. It identifies Groucho Marx as super ego, chico as ego and harpo as id. It says another million other interesting things, and all the time we can not take our eyes on it, so compelling (and fascinating) to look like it. At some point I could not help but stare at his thick, gray hair and wonder what kind of a laying brain is stored below. English, of course, for more insights. <br /> <br /> Most remarkable are reading ?? The hack of Lynch and Hitchcock (which comes as no surprise since it was written on both of them). The cumulative effect of many brilliant editing clips of their respective tasks have been part of this connection ?? ek memorab e ?? unlike other people ?? difficult to discuss and, since it seems really has gotten things right on these two directors. This does not go for it to Tarkovsky for example, on whom he relentlessly imposes his own neat materialism to see in reality, to postpone this precisely, so remarkable to all Tarkovsky (ie strong intuition to religious and image). The question is not whether it is inspiring and brilliant, because it is; or if fiennes movie is worth looking, because it is similarly. The real question is rather: are I myself coherent opinions? A smart observation after another makes for an overwhelming intellectual ride, but after all the end, there are some doubts left. For example: while considering Vertigo (58) ?? I also states that what is hidden behind human face is a perfect void, which makes himself face only a facade: something of a deception of its own means. However, when in the final sequence we heard about the ever-breaking final of City Lights (31) as being a portrait of one person being completely exposed to another, it's hard not to ask: what happened all the facade-stuff ?? ? Why should we give Chaplin's face to the real thing and prevent Kim Novak from having the same privileges in the dark? Or maybe that inconvenience might also be in the Lacan theme? (The name of the notoriously "unreadable" French psychiatrist is fundamental to the thought of the.) The film has all the great qualities of a splendid two-and-a-half hour conference: many of the lands covered, many work perspectives , even some first-rate wisecracks (when I traveled on a Melanie Daniels boat from the birds [63] and try to think as he did, he came up with: "I want to f ** k mitch!" ). But it also has one inept of two-and-a-half hour conference as follows: it's almost obsessively digressive. ?? fil i ?? The hack on how far we are from the real estate is as good as any other psychical wire, but after some 80 minutes it becomes clear that one of the fun ?? miserable i ?? The hack is also ramble over and over, changing the subjects always. Overall this effect is being swept away by a giant, cool, waving fizzing: you're simultaneously taken by surprise, refreshing, in mortal dangers and confused by no end. As you end up watching, yourself is unraveled with ideas not in your own and you're already planning on re-watching some movies ?? but you also share a sense of survival. <br /> <br /> The ultimate question is: did ?? i ?? and lose it? Or do not you even come close to the real thing? Once cinephilia is punished by prison, we all meet in one big cell and finally talk to each other (there is no movie around our faces). I dare you all: who will be brave enough to approach ?? i ?? also and challenged him? I guess is that once you look at these eyes in real life, you become a believer.
