Her deadly rivals (1995): starring Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford .... Director James Hayman, Screenplay Dan Vining. /> Actor Harry Hamlin (The LA Fame, Clash of the Titans and Other Films) looks perfectly cast in this kind of "Life" movie by James Hayman and published in 1995. He and his wife Lisa Rinna would later work on a movie about sex addiction. "Its deadly rivals" is, at first glance, similar to the best-known Hollywood box-office hit "Fatal Attraction". In "Rival", thankfully married couple Jim and Christ Lanford move to a new home in the suburbs very pleasantly. They have the perfect perfect wedding - they are deeply in love, despite a routine lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer lays his eyes on Jim. His identity never revealed, despite an attempt by Jim and even investigators to discover who he is. He constantly bothers Jim through phone calls and letters. Her marriage almost flounders as her wife starts thinking she had an affair and trying to cover her. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the cast - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair-each seem to be right from a soap opera. But this is a very thrilling-filled drama and has its good moments. There is a twist at the end. Spoiler Alert. Everything I said is "deadly rival" was only herself. Based on a supposedly real case, Jim's wife suffered from multiple personality disorders and that was what lost her marriage. Though the story is not terribly impressive, even if the act is only a step above opera soap opera, this movie has its moments. Especially moving are the intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final stage in which, when Jim learns the truth, he can not believe what he just heard. The movie is probably a bit too long and boring in some parts but it's the kind of television movie that usually does well, especially on a lifetime, which continues to produce this kind of movie, in "domestic gossip," or seductive story. Trashy but everyone likes garbage.
