The movie begins in a classroom environment where not surprisingly, our main actress, Orked has seen in a Chinese language class. Later in the movie, he asked about why (by Mukhsin) that he was sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for a child; because it already knows Malay language well. <br /> It's a bit of a romance one can think of it, but once you've stopped yourself from too much criticism and go for it, you'll notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film basically focuses on 10-year-old Orked who met 12-year-old Mukhsin in a game in which many people would think of it as the boy's game. Running from the players, Mukhsin (who was new to this city) forced to allow Orked in the game, in which he rushed to show that the male side of it. Orked is not as ordinary girl as she depicts more of the male behavior as you will see in the movie, defending Mukhsin from many violent encounters with her-school bullies, sending one of the bullied bags out of the school bus window, throwing punches and kicks on Mukhsin's brother where he was teasing Mukhsin and so on and so forth. Both were amusingly scary, with wood closer than that, but with a slightest in the misunderstanding that most of us would all respond in the same way, separating both of them until the day when Mukhsin left town. /> Now the film painted the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they started out as friends, but slowly evolving into a bit more in a closer relationship and then towards BGR. You would notice, the Yasmin of change made in the movies for each of the main actress and actress when they go to love. The character was differently described with moderate humor and humor. The scenes were all at random but it showed so much of it that you should stick to the screen for a long time. You will love the movie for what it is, and not because you want to be patriotic local scenes, because it means more. <br /> As the movie envelopes around the two birds love, she also managed to find her lens toward Orked's parents, her mother who was educated in England, speaks very good English and in that, her husband and the person The busy house and many attempts to try to speak their own kind of language in English, which was humorous all the way. Let me just explain why humor can be such an important thing in this movie. And that explanation or description that you can show can be given in one word and that is RANDOMNESS. Often more than not, we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. It's just like what the movie Just Follow Law by Jack Neo would mention - Often when we ourselves, we do not see the person in us, but when only when we are in someone else's body, then only we would Learn to see who we really are. And so humor is implemented as well, more so than just dignity. <br /> <br /> The movie was filled with randomness that the typical realities of our routine life as we carried it out would be all the way full of laughs if we want it to be. <br /> <br /> The other focus of this movie was about how Orked's neighbors, a couple in which the husband did not love his wife, and wanted to get another. Pak Koboi as it was nicked after seeing her motorcycle policing every day and she would take it out for a ride with her newly acquired girlfriend. The producer did not fail to show you maybe why the husband wanted to get another wife. The woman was a real hurler or CCP as our Chinese would call her and had interrupted other businesses and sent her own daughter to tease Orked in adult words only would use. After all, what around, comes around, and that's probably why the bad things are going to happen to him. At each time, beautiful people around you will not hurt at all, unless you have a month to protect, but then again, what's it worth? The movie is also centered at Mukhsin's brother, Hussein who would go out of town every day until very late at night, smoking, drinking, and also getting 'girls'. It is the total opposite of Mukhsin, but that's all because of family problems. Both brothers stayed with their aunts and their parents were far away. I will not reveal more of the storyline as it would rob much of the interest in wanting to get it out for yourself, but the slightest of all the elements in which the producer wanted to send a message across viewers is the life of us all . He wants us, at least see life in our own perspective when we are not ourselves. Movies in a way, take us out of our own bodies, put us in the character's position, and use our minds blank then see what's happening in it. Depending on the type and genre of the movie, you will be mesmerized by how a good movie like this would show and mean a significant impact on you.
