Mukhsin is a beautiful movie about a first love story. Everyone has probably one, and this is Yasmin Ahmad's writer-director of his money, and a boy called Mukhsin. We know that his movie was semi-autobiographical in kind, having drawn scenes on his personal experience, and is indeed sharing this and translating into the emotions of the big screen, whose film is still excited about sincerity hot and honesty. Mukhsin is no different, and probably the most polished work of the day (though I must add, as a personal bias, that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). Back - Atan Park, Mark Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, though this time we go back when Orked has 10 years. Characters are all smaller from the films we've traveled with, from Rabun Gubra, and here, Sharifah Amani Sisters Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya take on Orked's and Mark Inom respectively, which maybe accounted for excellent chemistry on the screen, nevermind that they do not play the role of sibling. The only constant it seems is Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Easter Atans have hair on his head! Through the film Mukshin, we come across full circles with the characters, and the world that Yasmin has introduced us. We come to learn and understand the family a bit more, putting in the days when they are still living in their camps (revisited back to Rabun), where Orked goes to a Chinese school, and packs some serious combinations of punches (and you asked about the energy left in Gubra, well, he had it in it since young!). The perennial Tomboy and doted children of the family, he prefers playing with the boys in games, rather than mindless "massacre-massacre" with the girls, and favorite outing includes going with the football match family. The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) in the village gives a fresh peer for Orked to hang out and do things with - cycling through the villages, climbing feet wood, flying kite. And as what wants to be explored, the crossing of that line between friendship and romance, both beautiful emotions. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has its guts momentum that has gone up the story and brought about laughs, because some of the incidents, we would have experienced it ourselves, and sometimes serve as a throwback of our own our recollection from childhood. In short, these scenes are called "fun"! We observe the life of a typical campaign, where some neighbors are very nice, while others, the naked and firefighters packages, spread ill gossip from jealousy. There are two additional family dynamics, one of the immediate neighbors, and the other of Mukhsin's own, both of which serve as adequate subplots, and contrast to their own Orked. As always, Yasmin's movies are filled with excellent music, and for Mukhsin, it has something special, the song "Hujan" as penned by his father, as well as "Ne me quitte pas", aptly used In the movie Given that Yasmin's films of dates have been centered around the same characters, the beauty of it is that you can watch them as standing alone, or when looking and pieced together, making a family-related family drama drama separate from universal problems such as romance, love, and forgiveness. Fans will definitely see the many links in Mukhsin back to the earliest movies, while new audiences will surely be curious to find out certain and meaningful character of recurring characters or events, such as those pudgy boys who steal shots at Orked. <br /> </ span> <span style = "color: black"> <br /> </ p> <p> <br /> </ p> <p> <p style = "text-align: justify;"> I thought that as a story about children, pulled out of memory, then there are details that will be left out for sure. With subtle, I felt that Mukhsin exhibited this perfectly, with detailed details detailing, and focusing on what can be remembered of the important episodes between the two. <br /> Another highly recommended movie, with one rare I feel is suitable for all ages - bring along your kid's siblings!
