This is an awesome Amicus horror anthology, with 3 great stories, and fantastic performances !, Only the last story disappears. All the characters are awesome, and the movie is quite refreshing and thrilling, plus Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee are simply amazing in this !. It is very underrated and my favorite story was to be the 3rd "sweet sweets of the sweet", the more all the characters are very likable. Some of it's predictable, and the latest story was incredibly disappointing and rather bland!, But the finish was really cool! This is an awesome Amicus horror anthology, with 3 great stories, and fantastic performances, only the last story disappears! I say he must see! <br /> <br /> 1st Story ("Killing Methods"). This is an awesome story, with lots of suspense, and the Dominic killer is really crap, and it's pretty good to act as well! This was the perfect way to start off with a story, and for the most part it's unpredictable, plus double twisting the finish is shocking, and well creepy! Grade A <br /> <br /> 2nd Stories. ("Waxworks"). This is a solid story all around, with wonderful performance, however the end is quite predictable, but it's still crap, and it's quite a bit of suspicion, Peter Cushing did an amazing job, and I did not. can believe how young Joss Ackland was, I really enjoyed this story! Grade B <br /> 3rd Story ("Sweets of the Sweet"). This is the best story here, as it's very crap, and unpredictable at all, it also has a nice twist as well !. Christopher Lee did an amazing job, and Chloe Franks did a wonderful thing as the young daughter, plus the finish is quite shocking! I do not want to spoil it for you, but it's one of the best horror stories I've seen! Grade A + <br /> <br /> 4th Story (the "dress"). This is a terrible story that is really weak and unfunny Jon Pertwee annoyed me, but the finish surprised me a little, and Ingrid Pitt was great as always, however it's just dull, and he did before many times, more places was the creativity ??. Grade D <br /> <br /> The direction is great! Peter Duffell does a great job here, with awesome camera work, great angles, adding some creepy atmosphere, and keeping the movie at a very fast pace! John Bryans is great here, as the narrator, he has some great lines, I just wanted he had more time screens. John Bennett is a good thing like Det., And it was quite intense, it was especially good at the end! I loved him so much. Denhl Elliott is excellent as Charles, it was vulnerable, showed fear, was very likable, and I loved his facial expressions and launched! Joanna Dunham is stunningly gorgeous, and made great with what she had to do as the wife she also had great chemistry with Denholm Elliott !. Tom Adams is incredibly creepy as Dominic, he crawled looking, and got the job done very well !. Peter Cushing is amazing as always, and amazing here, it is resemble, focused, spacious, and as always, there was a ton of classes! (Cushing Rule !!). Joss Ackland is fantastic as always, he looks so young here, I barely recognize him, his accent was not so thick, and played a different role I loved it! (Ackland Rule). Wolfe Morris is climbing here, and he did what he did well. Chris Lee is amazing as always and it's amazing here, it's incredibly intense, very focused, and as always there was great intense look on her face ', it was especially amazing at last! (Lee Rule !!). Chloe Franks is adorable as the daughter, she's a bit crap, and gave one of the best kids performance I've ever seen! I love it. My Dawn Porter is beautiful and she was excellent as the babysitter, I love him! Jon Pertwee annoyed me here, and was quite bland, and completely unfunny, he also had no chemistry with Ingrid Pitt !. Ingrid Pitt is beautiful, and she does her usual Vampire stuff and does it well! <br /> <br /> Resting from the cast does fine. In general a must see! **** from 5
