If you want to learn something about the Hispanic Civil War and about every political details and intrigue, let me tell you, you chose the wrong movie. This is a vision of the war as it arrives at Majorca, a small island on the coast of Spain. When a war like this occurs in a small island that takes the position of the troublemaker almost at once, there is no war in the open. The soldiers sent to the front to fight in the mainland, while another type of war is happening at home, on the small island. There, neighbors say about other neighbors, sometimes because political views are contrary to the new regime, but many have been told about because of old family battles, or perhaps introverted silent with no friends being told about someone wants to "earn some points". And things do not happen in the open. There were some trials, indeed, but many others would just pick up in the middle of the night, taking out of the houses nearest places where they might be killed. In the morning, their bodies could be found, and those who would have an idea of ​​what happened, but nobody would dare talk or do anything. We're not talking about soldiers killed someone they have never seen in their lives. We are talking about those who kill the neighbors, and probably say hello widows the next day, and even go to the funeral for the guy being killed. We are talking about small towns with one or two thousand people, where everyone knew everyone. <br /> I am from the small island and I heard the grandparents stories I told myself, and I must say that this movie angered me, oh yes, he did; but I found it remarkably nice and moving. The initial violence is not something the director or the writer made up, that's how things happened during this war. A kid knows his father's dad is in the fascist squad of his father's death? Completely possible. All that happened later on? Possible too. TB was also real. At this time my island did not resort to its holiday. People were poor, unknowingly, working in small farms. After the war, there have been difficulties. So you will not find a war history in this movie, or at least by type of war history you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the kind of means of war, which occurs when the space is limited (just check the size of the island), when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the family even fight each other, and they live in a place where everyone knows everyone. You will find a story about the damage that this particular kind of war can cause people and the story of how to survive damage, or maybe they do not. <br /> I must mention the excellent work done by the writers who adapt the novel and by all the actors, who managed to sound really Majorcan. That was remarkable.
