(SPOILERS included) This movie is probably the best Amicus production I've seen too far (though I still have quite a few to check out). The House That Dripped Blood Is A Horror-Omnibus ?? an anthology that has four uncanny stories that involve tenants in a vicious, hilly home in the British country. A common mistake in production like this is wasting too much energy on the collection story that connects the stories to separate Peter Duffel's films wisely does not pay too much attention. She simply cares about a Scotland courtyard inspector who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of the past tenant and love that, she learns about the rare events that took place first. All four stories in this movie are of high quality and together, they make a good fit. High expectations have the right to this movie, since it was entirely written by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch wrote the novel that resulted in the important brighter icons `Psycho '?? We also highlighted more solid and highly professional Peter Duffel as a director. <br /> <br /> The four stories? chapter if you will ?? in the house that Dripped without having a good diversity of topics, but they're (almost) equally chilling and weird. Number one touches on a horror-author who comes to the house, with his wife, in order to find inspiration for his new book. This starts out real well, but after a while, haunt him and walk by the villain in his own imagination. The idea of ​​вЂ <вЂ <this story is not exactly original ... but it's very suspensable and the climax is rather surprising. The second story stars (Hammer) horror-legendary Peter Cushing as a retired stockbroker. Still haunted by the image of an unforgettable and long-lost love, it bumps into a waxy image that looks exactly like it. Cushing is a joy to observe as always with ?? even though the subject of wax museum is not new ?? This story looks cool overall and innovation. This chapter also has a couple of times of delightful shock and has a tense atmosphere of tension. It's a great heck for what is arguably the best story: number 3. Another legendary actor in this one, as Christopher Lee gives away a painted paragraph of a feared father. She is very serious and strict about her young daughter and keeps her in isolation for the outside world. Not unreasonably, since the girl shows a bizarre passion for magic and voodoo. Besides great act by Lee and the remarkable performance of Chloe Franks as the spooky kid, this story also has a terrific Gothic atmosphere! The diabol Abandon in this story, along with the sound effects creepy in thunder, makes this story a must for fans of native horrors. The fourth and final story, in which a prosperous horror actor was controlled by the vampire-dress she weared, is slightly weaker then the others when it comes to strains and credibility, but that subtle humor subtraction more or less compensate it. There's even a small room for parody in this story as the protagonist refers to Christopher Lee's co-star of the Dracula series! Most memorable elements in this latest chapter are the Ingrid Pitt's gorgeous presence! The queen-queen comes from the `Vampire Lovers' certainly is one of the many highlights of the filming of her particular film. <br /> No doubt about it ?? The Dripped House House will be greatly appreciated by classic horror fans. I really believe that, with a bit of atmosphere-resolved preparation, this might actually be one of the few movies that will scare you and leave a great impression. Intelligent and compelling horror as it should be! Very recommended. An extra little remark, though: this movie can not be repeatedly NOT in any circumstance must be confused with the 'dripped dorm without' dormitory. This latest one is a very disappointing and disgusting 80 slasher who has nothing to do with this movie, except for the title he stole.
