The British producer of Amicus is generally known as the specialist for horror anthem, and this great omnibus called "House That Dripped Blood" is doubtlessly the finest Amicus Production I've seen too far (admittedly, some are some that I have again to see, though). "House That Dripped Blood" consists of beautiful marble fun cards, all set in the same mansion. These four stories are brought to you in a beautiful gothic atmosphere, and one of the best ensemble casts imaginable. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors all the time), as well as Denholm Elliott and Ravishing Ingrid Pitt star in this movie - so what fan fans really can possibly pay them to miss it? No one, of course, and the movie has more to offer than just a great cast. "House That Dripped Blood" revolves around a strange rural castle, where strange things are happening. In four parts, the film tells the stories of different heritage cards. <br /> <br /> The first story, "Killing Method", tells the story of Horror novelist Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moved home with his wife. After the move, the writer suddenly felt haunted by a maniac in his own creation ... The first segment is a great kickoff movie. The story is creepy and ridiculous at all and their performance is completely very good. <br /> In the second story, "Waxworks", retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moved to the house, and suddenly feels drawn to a museum wax museum in the nearby town ... The Great Peter Cushing once again delivers a sublime performance in this, and the rest of their performance is also very good. The story is delightfully unusual, and the second best in the movie, after the third. The third story, "Sweets in the Sweetness" is by far the creepiest and brightest of the card. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moved in with his little daughter. The private tutor and nanny Madam Norton, who Mr. Reed hired to instruct her daughter, is hungry on her strict employer's work towards her daughter, she is eager to find out why the overprotective father of evasion can have ... This best segment keeps a very creepy atmosphere and a really awesome plot. Christopher Lee is, as always, superb in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good at the nanny, and my special praise goes to then 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This ingenious segment alone makes the movie a must-see for every true movie fan. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, Horror-actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moved to the home with his sexy mistress / co-star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satirical, more than it is actually horror. It is a very entertaining satire, however, and there are many other film films. At a Henderson point indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who is the star of the previous, the third segment ... <br /> <br /> All four segments have a delightful sense of humor in humor and a great atmosphere. As stated above, the third segment is far above the creepiest and older, but the other three are also atmospheric and often funny mockery stories that every horror lover should appreciate. An iguana atmosphere, a humorous sense of humor, genuine genuine and a brilliant cast make this one a must-see. In Short: "House That Dripped Blood" is an excellent horror-omnibus that has no lover of brutal horror could possibly pay them missing. Highly recommended!
