Yes, this is a movie horror anthology and it was a lot of fun! This because although the film was clearly horror, some of the stories had a light spirit - and had even occasionally a few laughs. This is not at all a bad thing as sometimes their horror movie is a bit dark and overly serious. Because of this and because all four of the stories were pretty good, it's one of the best movies in this style I've seen. The unified theme that connects each story is the home itself. Many different stories involve people either renting the house or investigating what happened to the tenants. The first segment was dengli Denhl Elliott as a peaceful writer who has the block writer. So, for a change in landscape, they rent this house. Almost immediately Elliott's block disappears and works gradually on a story about a serial killer. Amazingly, soon after his block disappears he begins to actually see his fictional character! Again and again, the psychotic murderer appears and then disappears - to make it seem as if he is losing his head. This might just be the best of the stories, as the beautiful twist ends to make the story come alive. The second, while not bad at all, is probably the weakest. Peter Cushing plays a bachelor who pining for a girl friend who died some time ago (though the picture in it looks amazingly contemporary). When she entered a room in Wax Museum in Wax, she saw a wax face that reminded her of her lost lady, she was both captivating and scared. And a friend (Joss Ackland) visits with her, too, sees the face and intranged by her. This all leads to a finish that, frankly, was a bit of a deception. <br /> <br /> Christopher Lee then stars as an incredibly difficult father and barricade in a little pathetic girl. During most of this segment, Lee seemed like someone idiot, but in the end you can understand his attitude. Even though slowly, this one ended up very well. The fourth segment was the silliest and it meant parody of the genre. Jon Pertwee (the third "Doctor" in DR. TV KIEN) is a very temperamental actor known for his portrait of Dracula. However, there is nothing good about the movie according to him, it's a fit of peak, he stomps off the series to get the best of this vampire movie. It is actually very exciting that he played this role, as it seemed like a natural for Christopher Lee who played Dracula or other vampiros once baseillion (giving or taking a few). I liked Pertwee's line when it was basically said that Lee and other recent incarnations in Dracula were all crap compared to Bela Lugosi! Perhaps this is why Lee did not take part in this! Despite some very funny moments, it was very fun and fun - maybe as good or better than the first segment. Consider that the movie began and ended well, had excellent acting and writing, it's hard not to like this movie.
