No-nonsense Inspector Hollaway (a solid turn by John Bennett) investigates the disappearance of a popular thespian and discovering the recent riot story of an old climbing house. The first and most Mundane story, "Killing Methods" - Success Author Charles Hillyer (nicely played by Denholm Elliott) is haunted by images in front of the murder he wrote about in his latest book. Although this particular trip is too obvious and predictable to be anything special, it's still being built into a real dilly at a genuine surprise end. The second and most important anecdotes, "Waxworks" - The Earl of Philip Grayson (Peter Cushing's exceptional exception) and his friends equally lit Neville Rogers (the beautiful Joss Ackland) both become influenced by the candle wax image of a beautiful, but murderous . Thirteen third and most thrilling, "sweet sweet" vines - Quiet, reserved and secular widow John Reid (a tremendously flattering Christopher Lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role) Ann Norton newspaper Fine Norree Dawn Porter to take care of Jane Lost her beautiful and harmless daughter (a remarkably spooky performance and unnerving by the adorable Chloe Frlo). This horrendous permanent episode gives a substantial disturbing rise by the outstanding act of thrilling children who are gifted children, who project a truly sinister concern in quietly quiet cache just under a slow and innocent angelic veneer. Fourth and most fun films, "The Cloak" - The Embossed Films Movie star Paul Henderson (delightful essay in the expansive anger by Jon Pertwee) purchases a mysterious garment that causes him to transform into a vampire every time he puts it. This article makes for fun comic fun and more benefits from awesomely pulchritudinous presence of the appetizing Ingrid Pitt as attracted to Carla vampiress. Director Peter Duffell, working at a screenwriter and witty writer, notes the founder of the horror of Robert Bloch, maintains a snappy speed at all and works ace to create a quiet atmosphere. Kudos are also in order for Ray Parslow's movie scene and the tidal note by Michael Rad. Very recommended to fans of Omnibus Payment Fare.
