I will admit being partial when I reviewed this since it was my introduction to the series. I saw this movie for the first time in ~ 2005 on the night of "Friday Friday" on AMC, which often pulls gems giants like this from cold storage for new generations. I made it a point to watch the entire Amicus Anthology series before reviewing any of them here to make sure I had perspective. Look back, I'm always the home drop rate that dripped as my favorite, followed well by Tales from the Crypt and then Asylum. <br /> I think all the elements that make this series of charms - the ancient '60s /' 70s cinematographic style, climb in kooky, far-fought against Britain and the utterance of it all right down the music backwards - --- have come together better here than any of the others in general. These films are centered in a very old English home and the misfortune that befalls all that's left. <br /> <br /> The first story involves a horrendous writer and his wife, who moved to this solitary place to get a break from the city so he could focus on his passion . It creates a murder character called Dominic and soon begins with great difficulty telling facts from fiction. There is a subtle physchedelia here through her torment that I found funny again creepy. Oh and what terrible dense soil (then again these are British actors, maybe they were really !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of an old man man (Peter Cushing) has moved here to escape his loneliness, but it only worsens as he haunted by losing his love. It seems they were found possible to deliver a local wax museum (very crap), but it turns out it would have been best alone ....... <br /> <br /> The third story includes The great Christopher Lee (actor of my British actor) as a single father and a rather disturbed and well-pervading virgin. He is always cautious in getting things he should not - like magic! He has a natural talent for her, and good reason. Lee is superb here as cold ice disciplinary, the man has a true talent to play characters that are absolutely devoid of heat !! But despite its best efforts, the little troublemaker has in fact learned knowledge prohibited and bad things followed ...... <br /> <br /> This final story is the story of a cynical actor veteran old Adults who feel that the young director is working and is not eligible to take a proper vampire movie, right down to the quality of the costumes and clothes in particular. So she goes to an old curiosity store in the middle of a night of bathing to get something more "authentic". Little does he know that he has collected a vampire truly authentic vampire! Put it on at the stroke at midnight have rather noticeable effect. Since I arrived in this fourth and final story, it was after 3 am and I could not quite stay awake on the first try (not from boredom). But I've experienced something that I have hundreds of times, a curious loyalty experience I have with movie or music when I'm floating in and out of sleep and the movie / music gets a part of my dreams !! Great fun! This rare story was perfect for this and seemed very scarier the first time it actually was because I got right when it was levitated by power the ball and could not fully understand what happened first. Not long after, the beautiful Ingrid Pitt, a costar on his movie series, came to visit and warned he did not wear the clothes at night-but he did not need to be bothered, because he was a real vampire himself. Gingle the chintzy keyboard followed as he flew in his direction on the stairs was simply hysterical !! And again in my half-sleeping state, seemed rather confusing! Side Note: Be sure to catch Lee and Pitt along with the stunning Amicus star Britt Ekland of the ever classic classic Wicker Food (1973). <br /> <br /> The weaker link here was the interlacing book between stories, but based on the stories themselves, this is a classic! Obviously, I would say that the third story is better, but I love the 4th most because it makes me smile very much. Most often it is recommended for horror fans and if you are a British fan of horror, it's binding! I would say it is refreshing to see the series in chronological order if you can. The latest movie in this series, the Monster Club (1980) is certainly the weakest. I think the first 3-4 films except for the mediocre Garden Torture Garden (1967) are the best, but if you like any of them, you should look at them at least once. You'll probably come back many times to watch your favorites.
