Featuring a few of Hammer's stars, this highly efficient British horror slide around a home and destiny of its previous tenants, whose stories are all said in a Scotland court detective, in search of a missing actor. <br /> Story number one, which is probably the most impressive of the card, deals with a writer and his wife who just moved around the house and plans to stay just for a while so that he can write one of his 'romantic romance. He creates a depressed character called Dominic, who is in a very crappy strangler looking, and soon finds himself going crazy as he begins to see the beastly man looking everywhere he goes. After his wife convinced her to seek psychiatric help, a sub draw was introduced frankly, did not really work for me. I will not spoil it for you. The next story (the best of my opinion) Peter Cushing's beautiful star as Philip Grayson, a man who moved home to his retirement years and soon made his way to a nearby wax museum (which deals with grimly a) where it is very surprised to find a wax figure that looks exactly like a woman in his past. Soon after, an old friend (who also had a story with this woman) is in town for business and drop by seeing him. Two guys are in for a rude awakening as they soon discover that more women have than satisfied the eye. <br /> <br /> Story Three stars one of my many favorites ... Christopher Lee, who plays John Reid. After entering the house with her daughter's daughter Jane, the nanny that she hired to become awfully suspicious as in the way Reid stops her daughter. Well come to find out ... if she knew what Lee did, she would certainly understand. The final story is a vampire story of light-hearted stars that star John Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt. After buying a dress from a mysterious merchant, actor Paul Henderson finds himself turning to the animal very much that he has described several times in his career. Overall, the rhythm and the directions were very good, as was the most of their performance. There was beautiful gothic touch here and there with an effective score to complement the ambiance. That's one of a guard, and comes highly recommended.
