The house that DRIPED BLOOD is the third in a series of seven antique antique Amicus. If the MONSTER CLUB included as part of the series, this would make eight movies. Although, this movie is very different from the others. <br /> I watched the amicus anthologies and great memories as I used to love when I was in my teens. I feel like they are today as strong. <br /> I spent a lot of time trying to follow this movie. The essence of the stories was so appealing that I went as far as paying a substantial amount of it when I eventually found a copy. As big as if the movie is, I did feel a sense of deception when I finally saw it. It was not quite as good as I led to believing. Also better than its two antidepressants, it is nowhere near as good as its successor card as I have to demonstrate. <br /> <br /> The bell's history sees John Bennett as a police inspector following a missing person who lives in an old mysterious home. Her journey begins at the local police station where she learns the stories of previous occupants. The linked story later saw him visiting the estate agent who sold the house. Also, the story that bonding looks enticing to paper, it is flat and dead in practice and the easiest weakness of any antique Amicus. I could not help but find that John Bennett is a poor man's version of Donald Pleasance or Ian Hendry. I'd rather saw one of the two aforementioned actors in his role. We could even have both here - one as the police inspector and another as the real estate agent. They could, and I think, would have brought this weak element into the movie of life better. <br /> <br /> The movie has four stories, each of which focuses on a homeowner. The story first saw Denholm Elliott as a writer of crime history. It is absorbed in an interesting story about a strangler, even going as far as drawing a draw to help his writing. Soon after, he begins to see the vision of his own creation. There are some excellent directions by Peter Duffell, particularly with the option of camera angle to help detect from the cropped script. Elliott's performance is superb as the writer tastes and helps to elevate the story. The story ends with a semi-twist but I could not help find the essence of a script that did not allow it to live up to its potential. <br /> <br /> The second story saw Peter Cushing moving at home. She is a lonely man who always pining for a beautiful young woman who once jilted her and who she holds a picture of. Cushing's performance really brings this emotional-moving story into life. It is the help of the chosen director to include continuous focus on Cushing's loneliness. This is taking more and a great hallucination scene that helps you to see inside the Cushing yourself. Anyway, Cushing sees a figure in a nearby wax museum that looks just like his little girl. Of course his obsession is growing, but this seemingly romantic story has a disturbing twist to the end. Joss Ackland plays Cushing's rivals, but his performances are massively covered by Peter Cushing's great show. <br /> <br /> The third and easiest story of seeing Christopher Lee - his favorite favorite actor ever - moving home with his daughter. Mr. Lee gives one perfect performance to his cool ice here. She does not show any love or attention for her daughter at all. She even brings in a governmental school to educate her. Governor, played by Nyree Dawn Porter to another of her superb performance, trying to get wrong. Without giving too much attention, I can reveal that magic plays a role. Christopher Lee's presence is truly electrified at every stage of his inch. Chloe Franks deserves special recognition for performances to find it slim as the girl is the easy creepiest character of the whole movie. The movie is worth seeing even for the sake of seeing just this one story. <br /> <br /> The final story is played almost entirely for laughs but it certainly amuses and is what matters. Jon Pertwee plays a horror movie actor who moves home. He is very pleased with the approach his producer to take in movies, seeing everything as cheap and fake, particularly suits. So she decided to buy an authentic dress for her latest vampire role. Geoffrey Bayldon has an excellent queen as a dealer who sells Pertwee an ancient dress. When Pertwee puts on the dress, he starts developing defenses and basically transforms into a vampire. The performance Pertwee had to be seen to be believing. It's really hilarious. Ingrid Pitt is also in this story but his talent is wasted in a role that should be bigger. <br /> <br /> The linked history ends with a loose connection to the final story. This is particularly close since the inspector was looking for Pertwee and naturally decided to go home. The rest you'll be able to work out for yourself. As weak as the linked story is, it has a decent if a bit unintentionally comic ending. <br /> I am convinced that the blame for the imperfections of what would be a really nice movie does not lie with Peter Duffell, the director, who really does his best and what he has received. I think the script was just too hard and missing ambitions that can be found in the four movies later. <br /> <br /> In general, the house is erect, despite its flaws is a must-see for fans of Amicus Anthology, fans of other Amicus movies or fans of horror porn movies. If my resume gives the movie and appeals enough to your eyes, check it out. You will enjoy it!
