Four stories of fear regarding the events of an old creepy climb have been uncertain about Scotland Yard investigator Holloway (John Bennett) as he investigated where the last occupant of the house was dripped blood. Only fight to find the words to describe the true brightness that is ?? House That Dripped Blood '. The sixty anthology is quite remarkable in the way that such a visually innocent film is capable of inducing the same horror of the viewers of the viewers. Incredibly, the number of screen savers on the screen can count on a hand but the movie is still able to show brutality and success in jamming up the most terrible images of the viewer's own imagination, all while refusing to take the obvious road to graphic violence. In an unusual feature of the early sixties the horrors of the movie are virtually flawless, from the bankruptcy performance of the star-studded cast (featuring the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) all the way to the superb direction and story telling courtesy of Peter Duffell and master of Robert Bloch's monkey writers (the author of the peninsula's novel). The only real complaining that one can have and the house "Dripped Blood" is somewhat engaging draw-twist at the end of the first segments and ends in predictable in the picture, but even these minor details fail to detect out In general, he said that he said, saying the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror author who rented the house to climb while working on his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer continues to begin to see the murder character in his story in and around the house and soon begin to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this piece is truly outstanding and its characters give a surprising moment of credibility. The key to this segment, as with other people, is the mystery surrounding the events that take place. The viewer is made to question whether the sight of the murder character of Dominic is merely a hallucination, a schizophrenic disease or whether the character is actually there. Duffell's leadership succeeds in creating a disturbing atmosphere coupled with a slow approach, methodology for the tension and suspension needed to make the segment very enthralling. This segment features Peter Cushing as the new homeowner disaster. During a trip to town he came across a wax museum in horror and decided to venture in. While there, he discovered a wax pattern in a beautiful woman who looks all too familiar to him. Cushing's character (Philip) is then joined by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who also wants to visit the museum, much of the fear of Philip. In this segment the viewer provides no more than subtle suggestions as the mystery of the wax woman, but in general the viewer stays in the dark. There is far less tension in this particular story yet the segment still succeeds in maintaining its air of mystery in a dream sequence particularly with the overall ambiguity of the story. Duffell's direction is once again exceptional and while this is probably the weakest of the four stories, there is no denying that in some creative and credible ways to act ?? Waxworks' is always a delightful entry into the movie. /> ?? Waxworks' followed by what, in my opinion, the greatest in the four segments? Sweets dous'. Christopher Lee star as John Reid, the father of a young girl who starts and has an inexplicable fear of fire that is soon remedied by the care of Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John appears to hide a dark secret about the family. Sweets 'Sweet' is the easiest, most sophisticated and intricate of the card history and therefore the segment is the compelling viewer unmistakable. Throughout the small segments and subtle indications are released on the truth behind the family, but not until the incredibly terrible scene lasted all of the pitch adjustments in place. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and suspense to create the foreboding atmosphere that made the movie all great. Accompanied by a beautiful band, "Sweet Sweets" is an exercise of permanent fear that grabs the viewer by the throat and refuses to let go until the agonizing shouts that finish this piece finally stop. Personally, I believe that this short segment would make a film full of fun and haunting features and I would give this segment a 10/10 rare. The movie ended with the story surrounding the scene missing that the investigator was interested in Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt star as two performers who are currently working on a horror movie. Pertwee's character is lousy with the amateur production and accessory of the movie and so she bought her own vampire clothes from a strange store of mystery. However, strange things begin to happen when she wears the dress and soon she starts to fear the worst. This segment, where the inspector is amongst the events, is a wonderful way to wrap up a wonderful anthology. Although there is an unattainable air in this segment of this segment, in a way, what makes the story so enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that might be considered scary in any sense and finish in predictable might be executed better but whilst the segment has its lockout characteristics. Terrorist forces should definitely look out for Pertwee's brief comment on the Bela Lugosi and painted Christopher Lee in Dracula. This slightly comical and light-hearted final segment is in the sense of an adequate and almost natural way of ending the photo even if it lets down the movie when compared to the earliest examples of superhero-driven horrors. /> To sum up, ?? The House Dripped Blood 'is one of the greatest horror anthologies that features an incredible cast, great history and above par. There are certainly worst ways to spend one hundred minutes in your life and while blood and bowel fans will be very disappointed, fans of horrors more tension efforts should enjoy this movie incredibly. My rating for ?? The house was erected without '?? 8/10.
