All film films were popular in the seventies. I'm not very fond of them myself, but this one is an excellent nicest tranny of British horror movies. The Hometown of Dripped Blood is a horror omnibus, featuring four stories surrounding an old house creepy land, and being told to a Scotland Yard officer by a real estate agent. <br /> This film is underlined by three well-known stars in horror movies; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, horror fans will be recognized as one of Lee's co-stars in the largest British movie ever; The Wicker Food. The first segment of the film, titled "Killing Methods" tells the story of a horror storywriter story; a strangler called "Dominic" brought to life by his own imagination. This story builds very well; Through his girlfriend, he, and the audience is led to believe that what he sees is a face of his imagination. This story certainly is not very original, but it makes up for its lack of originality in the atmosphere it creates and it's final twist; which works incredibly well and came as a genuine surprise. The second story, titled "Waxworks", star Peter Cushing and is my youngest favorite of the card. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovered a wax museum and decided to enter venture inside, discovering a woman familiar to her and which we later find is a murderer. All that women's relationship with Phillip has taken is never really explained, but the story relies more on the mystery of building the suspension rather than drawing details. Cushing is later with his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and that's when the story really starts to pick up. The setting of a full mermaid museum with murderers for a horror movie is not a new idea; The environment was even used to great effect in the film film "The Horrors" 1966. Although the one here is not as grand as one of the aforementioned films, the environmental power is used no lesser a terrible effect, many of which are achieved by a sentiment of klostrophobi, carried over by area in limited to the museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch, and seeing him avoiding a crazy touching touch is a treat for the horror fans. Despite being my youngest favorite, this story is always fun and interesting enough to not let this anthology go down. The film continues with "Sweets for the Sweet", which is undoubtedly the best of the Omnibus. This story is Christopher Lee's legendary star as a seemingly overprotective father. The beauty of this story comes from how it is played out. He left the puzzle audience; We know that there is something wrong with either the father or the daughter, but we do not know who, or what, it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, shows his character with a great degree of sinizterness; The audience is left to mimic her actions regarding giving her daughter a doll, and the fact that she does not have the right to go to school or have any toys. The card of exactly why was held near the chest until right next to the end, excited by the really cool line in which Lee tells her babysitter that she is, in fact, afraid of her daughter. It's finished in this superbly section played out, in my opinion it's one of the finest endings of any horror stories ever said, and will stay with you long after the credit finishes sewing. <br /> <br /> The Omnibus ends with the "Mouth", which is definitely the most comedy of the map. This story is about a movie star movie star, impressed by his latest movie techniques, going out and buying himself a dress. Of course, this layer turns out to be a great vampire dress. Unlike the other three accounts, this one seems to be played out mostly for laughing. This is not bad thing however as the majority of humor is funny and serves as a beautiful contrast to the rest of the movie. The end of this story coincides nicely with the end of the story recreating in the film, which is a very disaster yet funny movie in a very good movie. Also, look out for the little bit about Christopher Lee in Dracula. A nice touch, I think. <br /> In general, if you want a whole misery, you really can not go wrong with the House that Dripped Blood. Third story alone makes the movie worthy of your time and this is a very solid support movie really.
