When you saw the version of Peter O'Toole recently, I was ready to be awed by the smart writing in this version. It's a little time to spend on the battle, which I prefer. Instead, we are showing all the many motives that hide both French and English (which holds Normandy) policies and priests who put him to death. Even the worst hypocrite of all, the archbishop, left us and thought that "Of course, it was innocent. Innocents were still suffering from the ambitions of the warriors .. He had no idea what he was say, there is no idea of ​​the implications of blasphemy or going against the church .. Unschooled, he had no idea about what the church stands about the same things were ... "<br /> <br /> Preminger was true of myths surrounding her death, and I appreciated Preview on the tape that showed the flames up and burned her. Why? They used gas aircraft in the movie, and 2 of them were suspended. Suddenly, the air pressure blows out the bondage and the flames jump up on it. Fortunately for her, they did not have to repeat the shot as it was SO realistic: it was burning !! Enjoy traumatic introduction for an Iowa girl in her new career acting. <br /> <br /> John Gielgud performs exceptional. It is the English politician who is orchestr the show. It also makes the point that once you condemn someone to death, you do not want to be around watching them die. You might shrink from your future 'homework' ... by the specialty that disturbs the soul of our president. Our Christian, even the most anti-Semitic has no problem and falls back to the Old Testament when it comes to capital punishment, though it was saved by Jesus' words. Bring on public execution like this girl. Pure burning meat can bring us respectable to our souls. <br /> <br /> Only small 'choices' I have on this movie is that we are not showing why the priest was so adamantly asking her burns so suddenly suddenly to control, even at the point of madness. There should be more expansion of his character, more dialogue - as suddenly 'come to its senses' does not make sense. <br /> And if Graham Greene deliberately or not, St. Joan is such a self-assured little upstart, you almost, but not quite, are happy to meet her coming-uppance. And when he returned to life in prison, for some reason I thought of Anne Sexton, the poet who accused Sylvia Plath of 'robbing her death' when she committed suicide ... known as an untimely guaranteeing action. You are required to seize !! <br /> If ever there was a good example of obsessive thinking and logic-concealing comparisons, this is one. St. Joan should turn Buddhist and quiet 'the voices of himself'.
