Preminger's adaptation of G. Joan Shaw in 'Saint Joan' (scenario by Graham Greene) received one of the worst criticisms of his day. He was defeated by the pseudo elite, the purists and audiences were unresponsive in a film that lacked the mercy and glamor expected at a historic pageant. As in '' Peeping Tom '', the reaction was bad and unjustified. Premiere's adaptation of Shaw intelligence exploration in action and action surrounding Joan of Arc (its current name in his own language is Jeanne d'Arc but this movie is in English) is totally faithful to the spirit of the original play, not only on literal emotional levels but also formally. His film is a Brechtian exam in the functioning of institutions, the division of and without various factions all want to seize power. So we are not allowed to identify on an emotional level with any of the characters, including Joan himself. <br /> <br /> As played by Jean Seberg (whose life after life offers a strange paradigm in his role here), it is presented as an innocent, a figurative figure of many actions and presence revealing the corruption and empty of all. As Seberg is playing it as both Saint and Madwoman. His own lack of experience as an actress when he made this movie (showing up in spots) to translate the freshness and genre of Jeanne reveals both the fact that the Jeanne Pucelle is a impatient peasant girl preventing strides from protecting villagers it with its natural intelligence. Not to say he deserves the harsh criticism that he received on the first movie release, it's a performance far beyond the ken and calling to any actress first time without experience before acting. Shaw and Preminger took a secular view to Joan to view it as a medieval era feminist, not content and being a rustic daughter who is fate is marrying away or a whore gathering of soldiers and away from battlefields. His faith, his voice, his vision that he intimidated with words such as "imagination" and "common sense" brought him to the weapon of his fellow soldiers led them to battle the pursuit of the invading England from France. > <br /> And yet it can be said that the movie is more interested in the court of the Dauphin (Richard Widmark), the office of the church who tried Joan led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccably cast) and the actions of Earl of Warwick (John Gielgud) then at Joan himself. The splendid ensemble cast (all men) show face of planning, Machievellian (although the pre-Niccolo story) opportunism that treats religion as a childhood toy to be used and manipulated for their own. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the big actors the fun left lass. John Gielgud as Earlyman's intelligence (albeit with corruption), allowing him to calculate the precise way in which he can ensure Joan gets burned at the stake and Pierre Cauchon's Anton Walbrook carries a three-dimensional portrait of this clever theologically Joan's just judgment that will certainly find her guilty. Richard Widmark as Dauphin is a real revelation. As the quotation of a casting choice you will ever find, Widmark displays the weak future of France in a frantic, comic cartoon that's as close as this movie comes to comic relief. A funny performance that feels like an imitation of Jerry Lewis far more than a future future leader in France. Johnny Perinal's first shot in black and white, the film is Georges Perinal who worked with Rene Clair and made the 'life and death of colon blanc' in color. It perfectly ceases to emphasize the intellectual rational atmosphere of this film. Preminger's preference for tracking the long uninterrupted vaccine is the key to the effectiveness of the film, there's the essence of a wasted movement anywhere in his typing-en-scene. It also marks the direction of most of Preminger Maturity (and most neglected periods) focus it on the conflict between individuals and their institutions in which they work, how the institution functions and how the person acts as per his principles them. These terms get the most direct treatment of its films and as it always keeps things unpredictable and does not find black and white answers. This is one of his very best and most effective films.
