This particular episode in Smallville is probably the best episode of the time since reunion. This is for many reasons. For example, it takes the back series to some of its roots. He receives back Lionel from a long absence of absence, with the Luthorcorp plaza office in Metropolis. This room was not in small for a very long time, and sees it again bringing back memories from the small past. No mention, conversations Lionels and Lex are always admirable. Another nice return is, well, his guinea pigs are Bart Allen (aka impulse), AC (aka Aquaman) and Victor Stone (aka Cyborg). Not only Steven Deknight meets the ancient justice leaguers and mixes them with the Smallville formula in a unique way, that it almost feels like it is a feature film film. The basic story, the Green Arrow form league, attempts to blow up 33.1, Bart gets captured, Clark rescues him, and it is the blazing facility of King com. Everything is good and graceful, with a good mix of infiltration, action, rhythm and suspense. Oh, and cyborgs have some new improvements enhance true to the character of the Justice League :). <br /> <br /> The music is probably what makes this episode good episode. If you remember correctly, the first episode Steven Deknight ruled was Agless from Season 4. This was a mediocre episode, but something felt out of place. Perhaps it was the music, or the act, or the seafloid reality at the end of "we did not find you, you find us", the types of people have lost the confidence of the formula. But thankfully Steve Deknight has delivered himself to this epicenter of justice. <br /> I had a small basin on justice that made it fall short of all 10. First of all, ranging from too far cheese to the Justice League from the relay facility to expulsion. I mean it would have been too much cooler if Green Arrow and Cyborg had taken off Oliver's bike (remembrance of the arrow's episode). Clark and Impulse should obviously run, and accurately should swim across another road. But that was incredibly cheesy, it nocked off 2 points out of the full 10. Secondly, another cheesy moment, not as bad as the first, but when Green Arrow seeks "let's go save the world". That made me good. All in all, judging by performance to act, music, direction and production value, the pros overpower the pitfalls, and this is still one of the best episodes of little history, and perhaps 2nd best episode of season 6. < br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 ...
