EL MAR is a tough, strong, completely brilliant, brave work of art cinemas. Director Agustí Villaronga, with an adaptation by Aloni Aloy and Biel Mesquida of the Blai Bonet novel, created a film that draws the profound effects of war on the minds of children and how that exposed exposure havoc on adult life. Even though the concentration is on the heinous dwarf war on children, the transfer of such effects on soldiers and citizens of adult age is clear. This film has become one of the largest anti-war documents without overlapping at pamphleteering: the end result has far greater impact because of its inherent history to track the children's masks toward adulthood. <br /> A small group of children shown in the Spanish Civil War in Spain, threatened with power outages and scheduled night killers of the citizens. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno), and Francisca (Victoria Verger) witness the fear of male murder, and revenge that leads one of them to kill and suicide. These wide-eyed children become adults, bringing all the psychic illness and reprimand trauma to their minds. <br /> <br /> We then meet three surviving adults where they are all in prison in a tuberculosis sanitarium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) survived as a male prostitute, protected by Morell's 'john' (Juli Mira), and held his private life style. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) became a vulnerable sexually reprimanded gay male who is covering his commitment to Catholicism and the illusion of self-mutilation / cruelty delusions. Francisca (Antonia Torrens) became a monastic and served as a patient in the sanitarium. The three are re-joined with the settings of the sanitarium and slowly each reveal the brands of children's experiences and war. For a long time to love Ramala, Ramala is living for her by Morell, and Francisca must face her own internal needs covered by my white habit. The sanitary setting provides a graphic plane where thin threads between life and death, between lust and love, and between devotion and destruction played out. Further details would destroy the impact of the movie on the individual viewer, but its sufficient to say that graphic and full nudity graphics involving (in some of the most stunning raw feet yet captured on film) and the viewer should be prepared They witness every form of brutality imaginable. For these scenarios viewers are of utmost importance to Director Villaronga is to applaud his perseverance and courage to make this story for intense. The actors, both children and adult, are splendid: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antonia Torrens are especially fine in the role of hard presentation. Cinematography by Jaime Peracaula and haunted music by Javier Navarrete serving the director's vision. A difficult film, that's one but highly recommended to those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and its consequences. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
