Leslie Charteris' in the adventures of the temple a little shadow Simon Templar (the "Saint") brought to the screen in the late 1930s and the up and coming George Sanders as Templar. It was a safeguard choice - Sanders would usually play bandits and occasional "nice roles" (FFoliott of KORESPONDANS, the title hero of the STRANGER case of UN HARRY, framing "best friend" at Robert Montgomery in RAGE in the sky). Here his will to fold the rules and break a law briefly fit his "heavy character", while his good looks and suave behavior made templates a shady fit hero like Chester Morris' Boston Blackie ", and (at a level) Peter Lorre of" Mr. Moto ". <br /> <br /> The films are not the best set of mystery movie series - but their service. Similar to the Holmes Rathbone's series or series of songs in the Oland show has often been role role actors or new plays (the anti-heroine of the movie here played by Wendy Barrie, who would show up in a second movie series). This, and little movie together accustomed to making the series a comfortable experience for the viewers, who heard the buzz in the dialogue (always show Sanders' brainers to keep one step ahead of the bad guys), without Noticed the obvious flaws of the plot. All these mysteries have damage due to the fact that even the best writers of the genre can not avoid repeating old ideas again and again. <br /> Here's the moment when that happened when one of the castes admitted his affection for Barrie, which he had long been aware of. Shortly after he tried to protect him from the police. But as the movie faced with the identity of a criminal master, it became obvious that this person was made a bit noble as merit being the mysterious mastermind (ie, the script disguised him as suspicion At least lucky) Barrie is after the evidence of his father (who died in prison) framed by the real criminals in a flight gang. He has several people to help him - mug like William Gargan - and he gets advice from the nasty embarrassing mastermind that can not be estimated on it. D.A. who got his father sentenced (Jerome Cowan) is determined to find Barrie and his gang. The only detective who seems to have a chance to resolve the case is Jonathan Hale, who is shady Sanders but reluctantly works with her. <br /> The cast has some nice moments in the script - Hale (now on a special diet) is tempting to eat a rich rum dinner made for Sanders by Willie Best. It gets a serious upset sting as a result, allowing Sanders and Barrie to run Sanders' apartment. Better to recall her (when she feels better) head to a place Sanders told her to go in at a certain time. There is also an interesting role for Gilbert Emery. Usually playing decent people (like the bronze-beaten husband of the world of worlds) it plays a socially important weak here - whose break is reminiscent of this in a character in a Bogart film. well done film for the second half of a bill home movie in 1939. It will entertain you though it does not stay in your memory.
