"Spooky" Question to be cool in German movies <br /> There are not many German films in the last ten years, which have made me so interested. Yes, the problem of the most German films in this movie "Gespenster" too. It is in some places to cook to be good to see. The special figure in Toni (Sabine Timento) is too cool. But this is still in German films. Everybody must learn this coolneß - is the realism of this movie. It's hard to understand. But in this case it makes some sense, because he thieves and lies - it is the kind of girl is the best you never love, because you lose it. It is not clear for Nina at other girls in this movie. She loves it - and she would lose it. But Nina lost everything. It will play with soft emotions and a sad mood. There is no way - but you must take it to Herbert Achterbusch for twenty years. So often the way it goes to German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not inside the laws of society - is outside - and there is no luck. This movie does not try everywhere to give it a part inside. That one of the issues - the stupid break and convention - the criminal passion. Throw it all away - and go nowhere! But the actress plays this challenging part very interesting. On the other side - there are parents - which are the pendant of the girls. They have a car - a hotel suite - have the money and live in world and music at the opera. But the movie still stands at some distance. There is not much to explain in them. <br /> In this movie center, there is one scene you will never forget. The two girls arrived in a casting. And they should say how to get together. In this scenario Toni will lie on. He said a fantastic story-nothing to do with it. Then Nina says the truth. He said it in an introverting way. There is no exhibition in it. It looks at the bottom, saying what will happen here. That's a great moment. At the next stage on the party with photos of Red Feeling this will over-pass Toni goes away ... <br /> <br /> Well, the movie is over - in the German style of coolneß - trash - here Circle of sadness is close. But there was a moment - where there is something else - and that moment was important. It is more than German coolneß - and this moment is rare in German movies at that time!
