"Gesengster" (2005) form, along with "Yella" (2007), and "Jerichow" (2008), The Ghost-Thriller of Christian Petzold director, undoubtedly one of the German film-makers of German film director. <br /> <br /> Approximately, "Ghosts" tells the story of a French woman whose daughters have been kidnapped as a 3 year old child while the mother revolves around for 1 minute in Berlin - and never seen all the time. Since then, the mother continues to travel to Berlin every time there is a possibility and research, by the help of time-dilate photography, for girls of the age about the age present at her age. As we heard later in the movie, the mother had already been convinced many times that she found her daughter Marie. However, this time, when it meets Nina, everything comes quite different. The movie does not bring solutions, not even part-solution, and in so far, it is rather irritating. We are not getting either outfit in order to decide if the mother is really crazy or not, if her current daughter is still alive or not. Most disappointing is the end. Then we witnessed in the movie, it is an imposition of the watch that he is left alone as the authority left Nina alone. Simple walking away symbolizes that nothing has changed, can be a strong effect of dramaturgy (f.ex. in "Umberto D."), but in "ghostster", it is moving. Since critics have suggested frustrating motives in this film, let me give my own attempt: Why is it that people who are similarly do not know each other, especially by someone else who seems to know? This is quite a crazy question, they agreed, in the viewpoint of aristotelian logic, according to which the notion of the person holding. The person is like someone who does not share any of its defining characteristics with anyone else. So, the answer to Aristotle in my question is: They do not know each other because their similarities are no change. Everyone who does not crazy, believes. However, what about the case if the same people share similar similarities that can hardly be changed, e.g. sharp on the left side of the ankle or a heart-shaped birthmark under the shoulder-blade shoulder? This is the metaphysical context from which this film was made, although I'm not sure whether the same director realized it. Despite our modern, Aristotelis world, the superstition, preserved in the mythologies of people around the globe who likewise shared the individual part, and that individually, therefore, is not an irregular thing, but rather broadcast, so that the boundaries between the people open, those and seems to believe to build a strong irritation-ism despite regard to our otherwise rational consideration - a geensster source of the most interesting types.
