This is not another look at the Holocaust but rather an intimate history of the events that took place on a small street in Berlin and some of the people involved. This movie begins at that time in New York City where Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) is grieved over the death of her husband and family members all gathered around her. Ruth's son Anna (Maria Schrader) gently learned that her mother had risen from a female Isen named Lena Fischer (Doris Schade) and she traveled to Germany and spotted the 90-year-old who told her about events on Rosenstrasse. <br /> ***** SPEAKER ALERT ***** <br /> Lena talks about Berlin in 1943 where the Gestapo would keep all Jewish spouses in a building on Rosenstrasse Street even if they are supposed to have immunity to marry Arian and for nine days a group of women would wait outside and call for release. Second year old Ruth (Svea Lohde) is waiting for her mother out and she has nowhere to go, but she meets 33 year old Lena (Katja Riemann) who takes her to Fabian's husband Lena (Martin Feifel) It is also inside and eventually it tries to socialize with Nazi officers to do something. <br /> This film is directed by Margaret von Trotta who makes his first feature film in nearly 10 years after working on television and while this is clearly not one of his more provocative efforts to remain one of them The most revered directors in Europe. This is not one of those Nazi films where we see terrible acts of inhumanity giving Jews although we see some serious treatments being given out but instead this is more of an answer to a tiny event that means life and death gives the people involved. This film does not try to shock anyone or open the debate door over the circumstances, but it simply wants to do is just shed light on a small but true life event held during a historic period. Part of the film forces from its actors and has some good performance that shines in particular by Riemann and Young Lohde and it is always good to see Schrader (Aimee & Jaguar) in an essential role. This is not a big movie or something that will change your perspective on WWII but consider that innocent lives have been killed because of the events that took place I think the reason alone is important enough to tell the story true.
