Another piece of vast photo puzzle in the Holocaust turned to face up in this docudrama about the Rosenstrasse protest in Berlin, an event I did not know of, which began in late February, 1943. Details given in a add that follow this review. <br /> <br /> The film narrative establishes the history of this protest in another, contemporary history that begins in New York City, in the present. Here's a well-off, non-vigilant Jewish woman, whose husband was just dying, her children's shock and others do not insist on a very sad orthodox ceremony. She goes even further, asking that her non-Jewish fiancée fiance leaves her home. <br /> <br /> The strongest daughter, Hannah (Maria Schrader) then learns for the first time from an older cousin during WWII, in Berlin, her mother, then 8 years old, being taken in and protected by a Aryan woman. Hannah drops everything, goes to Berlin, and finds this woman, Lena Fischer, now 90. Hannah easily convinced the woman to tell her story. It all looks rather unusable. The film subsequently improves, focuses in long recapitalization primarily on the events of 1943 surrounding the protest, in which the Central Affairs character is the same Ms. Fischer at 33 (playing mayor by Katja Riemann), a baroness and performing pianist couples Fabian (Martin Feifel), a violinist Jewish concert, one of the men arrested at the Rosenstrasse site. The narrative has temporarily tied back to the present from time to time and also ends in New York City once again. While the present scene is saturated color, the 1943 scenes are washed out, strong on blue-gray tones. The quality of acting is generally quite good, what we might expect to provide the deep tank of Germany in the direction of Margarethe von Trotta, the most important filmmaker of New German Cinema, himself an ancient actress. <br /> The story of the protest is said simply. Only a missing feature that would help: still-text notes at the end indicating the outcome eventually for those people being taken to prison in Rosenstrasse, a result was, as the bottom adds to make clear, incredibly positive. <br /> <br >> "Rosenstrasse" was not sharp well in the views of most critical films. Throughout the long, bloody layer, purveyor of gender stereotypes, manipulative and musical: so go the usual habits. It's too long. But I found in this film a voice, powerful, spontaneous and incomplete voice of protest from the women who kept the vigil outside the place on Rosenstrasse where the Jewish families and others were arrested. I have not found anything flashy, contemporary or manipulative in this description. The very absence of extreme violence (no shot or otherwise physically bruised) intensifies my blood pressure, which increases incrementally as the film progresses. You keep waiting for some vicious attacks to start any minute. The water in the film was left with me afterwards. I was awake often later in the night I saw the movie, my mind was filled with weak, melancholy, chaotic images and dubious feelings by the movie. For me it rarely happens. (In German and English). Rating points: 8/10 (B +). (See on 5/31/05). If you would like to read more in my comments, send me a message for directions to my website. <br /> Add: Rosenstrasse The Protest: Sweep out of work forcing the works of what was meant to be Final Roundup in the national capital, 1700 to 2000 Jews, especially men married to non-Jewish women, were eliminated at Rosenstrasse 2-4, a wellness office for the Jewish community in central Berlin. The Jews had German families, many of them very connected, Adolf Eichmann hoped that the segregation from other prisoners would persuade family members that their loved ones were sent to work camps rather than more ominous destinations in occupied Poland. /> Normally, people were arrested staying in prison for two days only before they were loaded on the railroad that was tied to the East. But before the deportation of captives could occur in this case, wives and other relatives became winds of what happened and appeared in Rosenstrasse, first of them and twice, and then in the growing numbers still. Perhaps as much as six thousand involved in the protest, although not all at the same time. Women ask their wives, day after day, for a week. No weapons, organizing, and leaders, were facing the most brutal forces at the disposal of the Third Reich. Joseph Goebbels, the Gauleiter (governor or district leader) in Berlin, worried that this racial city was cleaned, was equally in charge of public morals in the country. On both counts he was worried about the possible impact of women's actions. Rather than inviting more open opponents to shoot the women down the streets and frightening in preventing the secret of the "final solution," Goebbels and Hitler's behavior released the Rosenstrasse prisoners and even ordered the twenty-five back of them has already sent to Auschwitz! <br /> <br /> For both Hitler and Goebbels, the decision was only a delay in the inevitable. But they made mistakes. Almost everyone who was released from Rosenstrasse survived the war. The women won an amazing victory over the forces of destruction. (Adapted from an article posted on the University of South Florida website, "Guide to a Teacher to the Holocaust.")
