I'm always surprised at how many times you will see something about World War 2 on the German national television. You would think they do not like opening old wounds, but no one has gone without a documentary or film about the horror and atrocities of this war. Maybe it's a way to deal with past, I do not know, but you sure can not blame them to ignore what happened. And it must be said: most of these documentaries are really worth a look because they never try to glaze on the truth and the same can be said about the movies (think for example about "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall "as you might now read) which are also very realistic. One of those movies is "Rosenstrasse". He tells a true story and deals with the topic of marriage mixed during the war, though the film begins with a family in the USA, in the present day. After Ana's father died, his mother suddenly turned back to a Jewish Orthodox even though he was not very religious before. She does not know where the strange mother's behavior comes from, but as she starts to dig through her mother's troubled childhood, Hannah understands how little she ever knew about her mother's past. This film deals with the topic of marriage mixed during the Nazi regime is already quite surprising. For as far as I know, there was not another movie that deals with the topic. (For those who did not know this again: They were married to a man called Arjan or women who meant many Jews that they did not immediately send to one of the concentration camps, but that they were have to work in a factory). But it does not only say something about the issues of marriage mixed, it also gives a good idea of ​​how these people were often seen by their own parents and their families. How difficult he sometimes was for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, most of the women's time, did everything in their power to free the men, once they were captured and locked away in for example the Rosenstrasse ... <br /> <br /> The act is really good and the story very well written, although the way it was introduced at the beginning did not really do it for me (and that's exactly the only part you will get to see the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I would have left a big part of what's happening on the present day. At least in parts located in the USA, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and talks to someone who knows more about her mother's past, definitely works. <br /> If you are interested in all that has something to do with the Second World War, and if you do not necessarily look for a lot of action shots, than this is definitely a movie you should see. This is not a movie in which you will see any battles or gunfights, but it certainly is an interesting movie, because it gives you an idea of ​​an aspect of the war is only little known. I give it a 8/10.
