Berlin born in 1942 Margarethe von Trotta was an actress and now she is a very important director and writer. He described, perhaps even unjustly caricatured, as a director who has committed to bringing women's sensitivity to the screen beyond its artistic strength. "Rosenstrasse," which has won mixed and even unusual reviews (The New York Times article was one of the most aggressive negative reviews I've ever read in this paper) is not a perfect movie. It is a fine film and a testament to a coalescally rare in the successful opposition of the Nazi genocide regime, in all peoples, Germany's energy without force demonstrated in a Berlin street. <br /> <br /> Co-writer of Trotta uses current Rosenstrasse incident in the context of a young woman's research for information about her mother's life never been disclosed as a child in the German capital during the Second World War. Mari Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) was killed and in a surprising recovery in a Jewish Orthodox view apparently up to long absence, Ruth not only "sat shivah" but he insisted on following the strict trust warnings li. His apartment in New York City reflects prosperity that guarantees the deceased husband / wife worker. American born-born son, Hannah (Maria Schrader) and his brother are somewhat laid-off by the mother's assumption of Jewish Orthodox restrictive practice but they are up in. The cold mother rejects the presence of Ana's cheek, a The Jewish name was Luis (Fedja van Huet). A domestic crisis may well erupt as Ruth warns that she will abandon Hannah if she does not give up doting, beautiful Luis. Stay tuned. <br /> A cousin paid to respect her, she also drops the indication of a Hannah who is interested in a mystery during the war on motherhood in Berlin. Hannah is intrigued - she asks her mother that decision refuses to discuss this part of her life. This is very, very realistic. I grew up with parents who had been leaving Nazi Germany just in time and I knew many children with family, in whole, but usually in part, escaped the Olokou. These days were simply not discussed. So, Hannah, she had learned that a German German puppies saved Ruth's life, Traipses going to Berlin hoping to find the Savior still breathing. Is it not, this would be a very short film. But Ruth, pretending to be a historian, locates 90-year-old Lena Fischer (Doris Schade), now a widow. As happy-to-do-interview, but shaken by lamentable memories, Lena tells her story, the scenes of fair transformation between Berlin's present day and the war-time capital. <br /> <br /> The young Lena in 1943 (Katja Riemann) was a fine pianist married to a Jewish violinist, Fabian Fischer (Martin Feifel). With the withdrawal of the Nazi regime he had to use "Israel" as a middle name as Jewish women added "Sarah" to their names (incidentally I want IMDb did not give Fabian's name on her list and fake "People Israel "included - it simply perpetuates a name applied by Nazi as a mark of classification and degradation). While Germany has captured most of the Jewish population in concentration camps, these couples have been "exiled". For a long time. Until 1943 when the regime decided to take them too (most were people; a minority was Jewish woman married to Jewish names). The boroughs are shown here in its awesome intensity. The young Lena tries to find her husband. All she and many other women know is being imprisoned in a building on Rosenstrasse. The crowd of women worried to build, some help piteously seek from German officers that warnings deny aid and also verbally abuse ("Jewish Jew-Love" is one appeal). As a more or less Lena adopted eight-year-old Ruth who hid when her mother was amazed (remember, Ruth is now sitting shiva in Manhattan). Ruth's child fetchingly depicted by Svea Lohde. <br /> Throughout the increasingly angry women's manifestations have finally won. The men, with a handful of women, were released. As in the real narcissist story, one of the rare things, almost unprecedented when the fools recognized the defeat of the agenda commits (another was the termination of the euthanasia campaign to rid the Reich of mental and chronical imperfections but that's another story). <br /> <br /> In Trotta builds the tension and every woman's story is both personal and universal. Hannah continues to pretend to Lena's aging slowly, one rally, begins to suspect she does not deal with an ordinary historian but rather someone with a need to learn about the girl she delivers, the child whose mother was murdered. /> The difference between Rosenstrasse in 1943, a series, and the street today in a very active, rebuilt, unified Berlin provided a recurring themed element. Today Berlin brings the heritage but not the brands of a monstrous past. From Trotta makes this point very well. The main actors are just as impressive. Lena's husband while also strongly discouraged the trap of incubation with a lucky outlook in deportation (which was clearly understood by all characters - including the local police and military - as a one-way trip oubli). The older rite is catalyzed forcing them to confront demands long suppressed in his happy New York life. Ana is very credible as a young woman whose father's death triggers a need to discover her past family. Things happen (although the Times criticism does not know that). <br /> But Trotta is sure, but not perfect. A scene with Goebbels in a soar enjoy playing Lena's violin is unnecessary and distracted. The suggestion that she can go to bed with the propaganda minister, the most self-admiring Hitler worshiper, to save her husband detracts from the beautiful accomplishment of the brides demonstrated with family. Most German officers are from Central Distribution and are modeled by Erich von Stroheim's "copy and paste" Teutonic nastiness. Here's the Rosenstrasse story that was subject to books and articles and some claims it is a paradigm case to argue that many more Jews could save more Germany's protest. Unfortunately, arguments are nonsense. The German women who occupied Rosenstrasse were deeply interested in understanding themselves. Most Germans were sitting on a lane somewhere between passive and virulent anti-Semitism. That's why the Rosenstrasse protest was virtually singular. Whether one buys or rejects the Golden Goldenhagen theses, the Germans wanted the accomplice of the current thieves it just could not deny that pre-Nazi endemic anti-Semitism erupted in a virulent strain from 1933 on. Elder Lena noticed that what was being accomplished by the women was "a light ray" in a bad weather. Most men and women have come from a death trip near the war. So, "a ray of light" it was with Trotta's film is a lighting light showing that some were saved by the heroism of hugely ordinary women and every life saved an occasion for celebration that exists. And constantly. <br /> 9/10
