This was just another wonderful movie of the Berlin Festival. But unlike "Yes", by Sally Potter, which I saw some days before, after leaving the movie I felt a strong desire to embrace the whole world and was just happy to be alive, this time The opposite thing happened: there was something that dragged me down, and the air suddenly felt cold and difficult to breathe. It was as though, all of a sudden, there was nothing left, all hope, all the future took away in a dead place. Nina's life has seemed to be involvement and close, but then one beautiful day, has revealed the kind of liminozite that opens the horizon and makes him believe in the fulfillment of his dream. There was nobody around her, but suddenly she found a boyfriend, just out of nothing, someone who could share the most hidden feelings in her life. This person was Toni, a girl who does not seem to have any roots, like herself. But the film title is "zombie", and ghosts appear and disappear as they want, there is no way to keep them ?? Ghosts also represent the hidden fantasies of people, strange ideas that care for yourself and are only perceived by yourself, hidden away from everyone else. Françoise, a French woman, is a victim of these ghosts. She once lost her daughter to Berlin, who apparently was stolen from her in a supermarket, in one moment of inattentiveness. Now time has passed, and Françoise is back in Berlin, always looking for the missing child. <br /> <br /> Nina was able to have children, after all she had the same mark in her ankle and the cheerful heart between her shoulder looks proving her true identity. Nina adopted this idea, after all it is not just in desperate need of a companion, it is also long for a mom. But in the end it is empty-handed, Toni has disappeared with a man, and mum assumes it turns out to be a sick woman. "Marie is dead," concludes Francois's husband, and the statement could not have more annoyance. Nina is just a "niña", a girl without name, no hope for any divine progress. There is no Marie in this world to accompany our lives on our own. That is why, in the end, we see Nina all alone, walking on the road that was open before him, in a lively future happy and uncertain.
