I do not think many films (especially comedies) have been added memorably, quotable dialogues like MOONSTRUCK. I'm not going to illustrate it - you can see a considerably long list of quotes about this thread - but any movie that can make topics like the defense of using rubber copper rather than bronze for plumbing purposes in memorable dialogue is amazing and I. It is not the only line that pops up and makes a footprint on our memory. How about a male restaurant that regrets a planned marriage proposal because it will mean the loss of an old bachelor's client? Or a beautiful, old dog singer encouraging his pack to cry to his moon? Or Perry (John Mahoney) description of the young girl's promise as "Moonlight in a martini" (my favorite line). MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of brilliant script, first-rate direction, and a good cast ensemble that fits perfectly. There are other examples (the OX-BOW INCIDENT drama is another example, but a single grinder). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney, and Danny Aiello are all involved in the cemetery and cross-purpose goals that examine the nature of love, and how to handle it. Is it a good thing to be totally in love? Cher and Cage, in the end, seem to think so, but Dukakis knows that the real mad drive's individual drive (and cages become a glitter of this realization, when she and Cher discussed outside her home after returning to the opera Boheme). Is not male infidelity in order to avoid thinking about death? Dukakis believe that, and (oddly enough - although not fully convinced) Aiello. Chances to reveal infidelity - Dukakis realized earlier that Gardenia's innocuous behavior is tied to disability, and Cher literally falls on Gardenia and his girlfriend in the opera (but Gardenia also breaks on Cher's the same Aiello impossibility). But luck also causes misunderstanding: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles on Dukakis market with John Mahoney and thinks he has an affair. There are pretty little moments in the movie too. Cher observations on flowers that lead to getting one. He heard the argument in the liquor shop and his resolution. But better is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as the Cher's uncle and aunt Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita are good and kind of Raymond comments on the effect of the moon on it. It's the sweetest moment in the entire movie. <br /> It is close to an impeccable movie. After seeing it over a dozen times in as many years I can only get two points that do not seem as smooth as they should. When Cher is in Cage's baking, Chrissy his assistant (Nada Despotovich) mentions how she is secretly in love with cages, but she was afraid to tell her. Earlier, it was a little brighter towards Cher, who put it in its place quickly. But nothing seems to do with this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgot to uncle Uncle's uncle profits and the aunt brought in at the time of concluding seven minutes in the movie - but just as quickly fell. Was there supposed to have some draw lines that fell, besides one on Cher and Vincent Gardenia working in a homeless man's shelter as repentance? It's a little annoyance, but I think it's just based on a desire to see more of this movie because it's so pretty good.
