This movie is always a favorite ever. Only a pretense, moron humor would not like this wonderful movie. This movie feels like a slice of hot apple pie topped with vanilla cream vanilla cream! I think this is the best Cher's job ever and its most credible performance. Cher was always blessed with charisma, looks good, with an envyable slim figure. Whether you like to sing it or not - who else sounds like Cher? Cher has definitely made her mark in the entertainment industry, and will be remembered time after others came and gone. It is one of the most unique artists out there. It's funny, because who would think of Cher as such a naturally clever actress? It is top of the so-called movie "stars" of today. Cher is a real actor on the same level as Debra Winger, Alfre Woodard, Holly Hunter, Angela Bassett and some others, in which he never seems to be "acting," he really gets the compelling character. She has more than earned respect for her peers and in the movie that will be the public. <br /> <br /> Everything about Moonstruck is wonderful - the characters, the landscape, the dialogue, the food. I never get tired of watching this movie. <br /> Every time I once looked at the scenes where they all sat down at the dinner table at Rose's house, I took a momentous pause in seeing exactly what delicious meals Rose is served. I saw the spaghetti, mushrooms (I think), but I can not tell if they are eating ravioli, ziti? What is the main course? It looks nice and drive me black! <br /> <br /> All of this family was someone hard work and respect and care about each other. The grandfather was not pushed sideways and tolerated, he was a vital part of the family and he listened and respected for his age and wisdom. It seemed to be a very good health, independent old codger too. Loretta's mother was not "just a housewife," she was the glue that held the family together and was an example example of what a wife, mother, and home manager would do must love. She was proud of the life she chose but she did not let her define who she was. High-powered businessmen are not as comfortable in their skin as Rose Casterini was. Noting the saucy road he said "I did not have kids until after I was 37. It's not about 'til on it." You got the sense that it was the kind of young woman who did exactly as she was happy and made her way without the other person to realize what had happened. It was good, quick to worry, and very smart. What a great mom! I did not actually like Loretta right away because it seemed like a bit of a know - it's all that was not really as adventurous and as in control of herself as she wanted others to think. He could tell others about themselves and where they went wrong, but it really does not apply common sense to their own life. He went to marry a middle-aged mother simply because he wanted a husband with a sense of identity and purpose in his life. It was more conventional than her mother. She dressed and carried her hair like a matron in a house of detention and seemed humorless and bored, but under you felt it was vulnerable and lonely and had a lot of love to the right man. She would probably end up having an awesome mom too. <br /> I could see in the future, a house filled with Loretta and Ronnie's loud, screaming children happy with Rose and Cosmo enjoy every minute of her.
