Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman in her late thirties, a widow, who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is engaged in getting married to Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a person who is outraged, more from a duty resigned than real love. Before Johnny's wedding to take a trip out to visit his mother who is ill with the Loretta's function of playing the olive leaf and Ronny's brother not advising him to their next wedding. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) was not forgiven Johnny for being the cause of his injury that caused him the loss of his hands (and immediately, then his bride-to-it), but he dropped to Loretta, and difficult. After a warlike Loretta affair from respect for Johnny trying to avoid Ronny, but looks like his dark and masculinity abilities to win him on. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis) is not just her husband suspect Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) is seeing another woman, but is also herself the subject of admiration from a college teacher and wonderful why people chasing the women. Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to Loretta can not be married. <br /> <br /> The setup is pure sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Shanley and a deep understanding of Italian-Americans living in New York, is genuine: it becomes the idiosyncrasies of people those with day-to-day foibles and curious, and all the characters have a romantic fund that comes in at key times throughout the story. Loretta, a harsh character by the loss of her husband and knowing her luck of the thin happiness, gently results as a woman who is so sweaty by the sudden recognition of her love becoming the heroine of La Boheme - one which recognizes the love of the man and the wooden hand (in a clever intelligent glass), and Cher occupies the role and makes it itself and in its own style subtle frumpiness trades to a deep, beauty black. Ronny is the best fire and Nicholas Cage relieves her masculinity as if she was channeling Marlon Brando. The Castorini and the Cappomaggi, counterbalancing the Central Couple, both express their love for each other in two critical moments: the couple of letters, on the night of the full moon when Loretta and Ronny consummate their affairs - a rare scene depicting love and intimacy among the elderly, and the former at a time tense on breakfast when Rose suddenly revealed, in touching words, that he wanted Cosmo to stop seeing her mistress Mona (Anita Gillette). MOONSTRUCK is not only the romantic comedy and movie date of choice, but also a beautiful exam of love and passion among regular people. The Finish is a journey of strength of emotional impact, the family situation will be beyond the momentum's culmination of tradition going back to the days of immigrants, and one that elevates this movie from being just another movie feel good in a classic. MOONSTRUCK received its Oscars for Best Writing, Actress, and Support Actress, and has proven to grow beyond its time.
