I'm usually a ponytail for romantic film that is well-filmed and well-acting out. This is a romantic (film) film set in 17th-century Italy, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that it is a film period means it will inevitably be slower-rhythm than film set in the modern day era, so it will do some. If you can neglect this fact, it is actually a really good movie. The scenery, costumes, and the cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and actresses are very compelling in the portraits, projecting the intensity of the emotions that are running into the plot. The story is like a sad love story and a happy ending. It's easy to believe that this is an accurate portrayal of the real life characters. In spite of the fact that I was really moved by the main characters and scenarios, I decided to check out the validity of the story and found that the main theme of the movie's history - that of a love-loving love story fully manufactured. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was raped by Tassi initially, rather than submitting to her wishes and passionate as the film was described. She continued to have sexual relations with her only because she repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he * * * did not admit guilty of rape from the mercy of Artemisia's torture (unlike the movie show). In fact, he tried to show Artemisia as a loose, promiscuous woman and to promote insatiable sexual. In the movie, her sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and she had sexual intercourse with her sister in law, and Tassi's character ever appeared as if her sister was calm about her His alleged sister-in-law affair (although he admitted that he had a wife back in Florence). Needless to say, in fact it was not really like that at all. In fact, far from it. Tassi was really responsible for the assassination planned by his wife, whom he was born in rape. And adding to that, Tassi really had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, impatient to him in the process, but all this was not really mutual as well - again, he raped the law-in- the previous law. <br /> So now we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a multiple sexual offender, what do we do in the painting of Artemisia in her as a guy? We take it as an attempt to make this film in a romantic movie ... that this movie has never done to be historically accurate ... Apart from these points just mentioned, there were other historical blunders as in its interpretation In Artemisia's art (in real life, he never really influenced Tassi's paint style, and was actually regarded as a painter better than Tassi ever.) One thing remains true with its fact that Artemisia Gentileschi was credited as the first female painter in history, and well as his mastery of the art of rivalry many of his male mates, he still has experience struggling to earn enough credit for his work because of his sex as a woman in the 17th century Italy. This film for its own sake, for it is a wonderful good romantic drama, but takes its historical reference with a single grain.
