Rock solid giallo from a master cinema in the genre, Sergio Martino. The film of a wonderful scenario by Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops fascinating torsion until the endless finale that most would not see come across the movie. It's when everything falls into place that we can go, "Ahh .." the movie revolves around the death of a husband (in an airplane explosion) and the wife's million dollars receive from her. There are huge interest people in this money, one particular being the mistress of the deceased man. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli) and the mistress who demand half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She told Lisa she knew that the death had been arranged by her to get the insurance. Lara says he will use his "lawyer," Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get money. So, already, the film produces two possible suspects in later murder of Lisa, who awaits someone in Tokyo. George Hilton shows Peter Lynch. Peter is working for a company that investigates the legacy of finding out if the day paid was collected under suspicion. When, in his view, Lisa is killed by a man dressed from head to the black toe in her hotel room, it is a possible suspicion. He decided to make a small investigation, while assisting Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol Silver Benton (Tom Felleghy) on their quest to find a killer. The assassin strikes several times to eliminate anyone spinning around the missing million dollars confiscated by one responsible for the murder of Lisa. Soon, the film follows a journalist, Cléo Dupont (the delicious, appetizing Anita Strindberg) as she and Peter meet for a dinner where she could try and sniff out anything that could break a story for her. Soon they fell deeply in love, but it seems like anyone close to Peter is killing. Soon someone attacked Cléo with an intention to kill that prompted the further investigation into unknown territory. Why would anyone want to hurt a journalist who does not have any real reality in one's murder case. <br /> <br /> This giallo is quite clever and interesting to follow. The film never razed that is quite remarkable since many are going to leave open the question of the identity of the killer. This film follows the path of jalali and cut knife because of a certain pattern the killer has taken (the throat and lower torso). Conclusion of the film envelopes all the complexes of loose finish and is quite satisfying. The movie has some unique camera angles, but delivers the merchandise in terms of drive the plot and the execution of the mystery.
