Sergio Martino has impressed me recently with his Giallo classic 'The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh' and the unforgettable title, 'Your Vice is a closed room and only I have the key' - but even so I did not expect too much out of this movie. The case in that the scorpion did not get to mention as much as the aforementioned titles when it comes to classical discussion of Giallo - but I do not know why, because this is at least as good as these two! Dario Argento may be the 'king' of Giallo, but with the five films he did - Sergio Martino surely is not too far behind. In some ways, it even surpasses the master. All of Martino's films were released before the jewel of Argento's crown, the magnificent Profondo Rosso, so back in the early sixties - Martino was the King! The plot here follows the idea of ​​murder for profit, and follows the payout insurance of a wealthy man. His wife inherited $ 1 million, and it's not long before people out there for her blood! When she turned up dead shortly thereafter, an insurance investigator and a small journal, attracted young journalists following up the case. <br /> <br /> The case in which the scorpion can not benefit from the beautiful Edgewige Fenech, but it has two of Martino's collaborators on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marino on the weird Vice of Mrs Wardh and all the colors in the dark, along with a number of other Giallos. Hilton has a great screen presence, and every time I see it in an Italian thriller; It becomes obvious why it is repeatedly cast. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered in your Vice is a closed room, star along with Hilton and excellent to give the classic Giallo Fiber Girl. Sergio Martino does a great job at the director's chair once again, with several beautiful scenes - the best of which is taking place in a bathing room with green lighting! The note of Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) excellent sets the mood, but it is the script that, once again, is the driving force behind Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the writer for the other Giallo Martino card, has put together a script that is patient while staying away from the common trap Giallo does not make sense; So release this movie from the rest of the logic genre. The case in which the scorpion is a quality film Giallo, and yet another success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you'll love this!
