Sergio Martino in the case of that the scorpion is a scenic geographic from the 70-year-old summer day of the genre. An explosion on an aircraft result in one million dollars in insurance money for a wife, but turns away faithful. The money is immediately hacked by a black-clasped killer and a series of brutal follow-up killers. <br /> <br /> The size of the scorpion plays the mystery element, written by giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, fairly straightforward. But they were a jealous, killing themselves themselves is memorable and well-performing. In fact, the violence in this movie is very strong in places - a scene that has a broken bottle that is particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence does not doubt the genre of giallo to move into more and more extreme territories. But like the best films in the genre of brutality offset by a good note and attractive photography. Music by Bruno Nicolai is at the time of remembrance of Ennio Morricone's Avant-Garde work of the bird and the Crystal Plumage but is also strong in its own right. The photography is helped by the beautiful use of foreign premises - in this case London and Athens - where Martino manages to get in, respectively, the House of Parliament and the Acropolis! There are also some inventive-work cameras also, the most effective are used in slow motion in a sequence where a woman runs toward the door where the Maniac is prowling out. In this particular scene Martino has the killer hack at the door with a knife in a way influenced by the Crystal Dario Argento, however, he also had the killer assassin in flickering the green film open and blade in a knife that is Something is repeated after Argentina in Suspiria. So Martino's movie is influential in its own right. <br /> <br /> This is a solid solid giant that both genre and non-genre fans can appreciate. Their performance is good and the value of production is well (although the plane's explosion is, let's say, a bit low-budget!). DVD released by NoShame is beautiful. It has both the English and Italian options that are a real bonus. However, it's worth to show that at times you need to have a fast reader fully appreciate the English subtitle option. This applies to both the film and the documentary of the extras. This is a minor point though, the DVD release is a worthy addition to any giallo collection.
