La Coda Dello Scorpione (a.k.a. The Case of the Scorpio) is the director of Sergio Martino's follow-up to the beautiful Strano Visio della Signora Wardh. This is the giant excellence, featuring all the fanatic aspects of the genre became acquainted with love. Twisty sketch, beautiful girls, black gloves, sharp blades, and a little bit of gore all come together to make one heck in a piece of Italian exploitation. <br /> A group of favorites jalli, both in front and behind the camera, work to make this one of the best non-Argento gialli around. The aforementioned martino has added his touch as director, giallo great Ernesto Gastaldi as the writer Bruno Nicolai created the music, with a host of stars and giallo stars, including George Hilton, actor Luigi Pistilli, and Anita Strindberg. br /> <br /> With all this talent behind it, scorpions deliver? You bet. The movie works on many different levels. It's a murderous murder story, a horrible and violent film, with a suspense thriller. Everyone in every one of the best journals around. Martino definitely knows what fans want when it comes to gialli. At some point in the movie, it almost seems to channeling Argento in his approach. For example, there is a direct rip-off stage of birds with the Crystal Plumage where the killer tries to break through the door, which is actually outdoing the Argento movie. <br /> <br /> Is there any problem with flicking the movie? Hmmm ... is only minor. First, any scene that does not follow the murders or romance of budding between the two drivers begins to do. But just before you fall asleep, the killer will pop out of nowhere and you'll be right back to balance things. <br /> <br /> Also, towards the end, the twists get a little too scarce. I mean, what goal do the scorpion pins really serve? If you do not play close attention to the dialog, you could easily become lost and tight, simply the storyline. But these minor kibbles aside, La Coda Dello Scorpione is a tension, suspense, stylish and all around fun movie for giallo fans. Find out!
