Sergio Martino is a great director, which has contributed significantly to Italian genre movies and, as far as I consider, Gialli from the 1970s is the uncertainty of its impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. The "Case of the Scorpion's History" in 1971 is one of these impressive filming Martino has contributed to the most original Italian horror of sub-genre, and another proof that the man is a master of atmosphere, style and suspense. My favorite of the films Martini I've seen too far is still insanely brilliant "Your Vice is a closed room and only I have the key" in 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and the "Vice Strange of Mrs Wardh "(1971), all of them personally love even more than this one. This purely a matter of personal taste, however, as "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is an equally excellent film that is essential for every fan of Italian movies and suspense in general. <br /> <br /> The movie, which delivers tantalizing suspense from the very beginning has a complex and attractive plot that begins with the mysterious break of a millionaire who died in an aircraft crash. Insurance Investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is assigned to verify the insurance company's circumstances that will pay a large sum for the dead wife. Shortly after Lynch begins to investigate, someone is brutally killed, which is just the beginning of a series of murder ... <br /> <br /> The "case of the scorpion" is excellent to deliver all the elements a great Giallo needs. The film is stunningly suspended from the beginning, the score by Bruno Nicolai is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully entangled, and the killer's identity remains a mystery until the end. Regularly Giallo leading-man George Hilton once again delivers an excellent performance in the lead. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely ravishing in the female lead. Including the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the most brilliant Italian genre-movies in the 60s and 70s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who should be familiar to any guy in Italian movies. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually a great setting for a Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly caught, with the great photography, and Bruno Bruno's mind makes the suspension even more intense. Long short story: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo from Sergio Martino and an absolute must-see for any lover of the sub-genre! Stylish, thrilling, and great at all concerts!
