I really tempted the "The Case of the Scorpion" with a 10 solid out of 10 rating, but that would largely be because I think Italian horror movies in the 1970s is so much better than the crap cheese I usually watch. But even without an extra point for nostalgia, this is still a genuine masterwork and earning a high rating for its very well-complicated history, unpowered atmosphere, bloody-dipping kill sequences and superb storage options. In my human opinion this is Sergio Martino's current best jigsaw, and has something to say, such as the "Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh", "All Colors in the Dark", "Torso" and "Your Vice is a locked Room and only I have the key "they all make up the top-notch genre as well. But this movie is just a bit tadpoles with its ultra-compelling ones that turn on an insurance fraud go madly out of control. After her husband's speculative death at an aircraft blast (!), Lisa Baumer promptly became the suspect owner of a million dollars and wanted to leave the country as soon as possible. Due to the unusual circumstances, the insurance company put Peter Lightch's best investigator on the case and followed it in Greece. There, Lisa becomes the target of many attacks and the case's mystery increases when it turns out several people to hunt for the money. I'm still too worried when I make a journals while resuming jalal because I do not want to give away the essential elements of the scheme. In the "case of the scorpion in that", the events take an abrupt bridal turn stretching and even totally unexpected, and I certainly do not want to ruin this for you. Many red herring followed, but Sergio Martino always succeeded to stay one step ahead of you, and, though not a 100% satisfied, the devotion is at least surprising. It is also a very stylish, and imaginative camera-work movie with excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. Everyone's favorite Edwige Fenech strange did not do it to this cast (he starred by no less than 3 other superstars Martino gialli), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard of a Woman in Skin", "Who who sees it dead? ") is a replacement more than worth it. Charismatic and Honey George Hilton is serious as always in his role of insurance investigator and ?? duh ?? lady man 'Deluxe. If you're a fan of giallo, do not wait as long as I made WATCH THIS FILM !!!!
