Joan Crawford has just started her "working girl doing good" phases and dynamics "Paid" (1930). He never tried a role like that before and critics were impressed. So while other actresses were wondering why their career was founder (because they cling to the character that was "in" the thing a few years earlier, but they were now over) Joan had listened to the public and kept longevity read as an actress. The depression was here with jazz age babies who had survived on an endless round of parties being frowned on. Of course, if you have become wealthy in immoral ways but suffer for it - that was okay. <br /> This movie starts out with a spectacular party boat home. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl - especially when she suggests that everyone goes swimming in the panties !!! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack, because he loses the stock market, both Bonnie and his brother, Rodney (William Bakewell) realize who their real friends. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - Johnny Mack Brown a poor man) offered to do the "good thing" and to marry her - they just spent a night together when Bonnie declared (and abandoned) that he wanted to love his approval Start showing some characters when deciding to get a job. <br /> It finds a job in a newspaper and quickly seduced by his will to do well. His working buddy is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they provide a placement for writing on activities inside the crowd. Rodney also surprises her with the news that she also had a job. He is thrilled for him, but quickly realized he is bootlegging and is mixed up with cold vigorous assassin, Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney witnessed a mass shot and went to pieces, "reversing the weights" to the first person he saw drinking in the bar - which happens to be Bert. It is then forced to kill Bert and after that he goes to hide. The paper pulled all the stops in an effort to find Bert's assassins and sent Bonnie to cover as a dancer at one of Jake's clubs. (Joan has a very lively dance in "Accordian Joe" - many of Sylvie's disgusts). The movie ends with a gun fight and as Rodney lies dead, Bonnie tearfully telephones in her story. This is a super movie with Crawford and Gable giving it all. Natalie Moorehead, who as Sylvie shared a famous "cigarette scene" with early gables of the movie, was a stylish "other woman" that was fashioned in the early 30s. William Bakewell had a great career (he started as a teenager at a Douglas Fairbanks movie in the mid-20s). A lot of his role even though they were weak, similar characters. In this film, she played the weak brother and was completely over-shadowed by Joan Crawford and the new Clark Gable Newcomer - maybe that was why she never became a star. <br /> <br /> Very recommended.
