Abhay Deol's second film, written by Imtiaz Ali, Maiden's directive efforts by Shivam Nair. Soha probably has his first (?) Role as Megha, a girl who runs away from home and is waiting for Delhi's Delhi Wedding Register for his Heather companion (Shayan Munshi) to meet him. She waits and waits and finally is locating as a girl in distress by Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spent many days together as he stroked him out of a serious situation after another and finally fell in love with him. Then the companion returns! Aage pardey by dekhiye! Sounds familiar? This is yet another adaptation of the White Dostoyevsky Nights and a little bit of borrowing from Le Notti Bianchi (very little though - Ankush to keep the lovers apart from telling the boyfriend he is dead!). But this is a more realistic (duh) turbocharger than this much hyped and overblown Saawariya. I wonder why no one brings this little gem when we were all discuss Saawariya like crazy a few months ago. The Delhi settings are wonderful - there is the mandatory running of old Delhi, the Jama Masjid shots from a roof top, cirkus connaught, street and rickshaws (what ??). The colorful light fixtures in the hotel are enough to tell you this is a relief and room for hire by the air! <br /> <br /> The more I see in Abhay more I like this young man. In this second film it is quite good for witnesses to hire who are given a purpose in life by a beautiful woman. Soha looks nice, and when it smiles, it fits the role, but I find it compelling in the worst moments. I'm not quite sure that she has her to be a great actress, or maybe it will bloom late like the brother. The music by Himesh Reshammiya is not that big and in fact the movie falters of the songs are kind of interrupting the narrative and not sitting well with the characters trying to sing. Throwing in support is excellent and I give this Nights Adaptation Nights a thumb. BTW - The fact that I love the beautiful Abhay Deol beautiful hood has nothing to do with my rating.
