Ahista Ahista is one little bit shining. I started to look at it, and at the beginning I got a little bored since the rhythm was slow with the main idea of ​​a girl meeting a lost girl was not really new. But as the movie went, I began to get increasingly and gradually engaged by the movie, writing in fantastic and the good romance. The movie was very simple and natural and after some time I felt I was watching a real document in one guy's life. There is only one good reason the movie felt, and it was cool talent called Abhay Deol. It is very compelling as the simple, kind-hearted and challenging Ankush, whose new love motivates him to make compensation and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, it is presented as an ordinary prankster mischievous, but also as a helper and love, who, like anyone else, does anything to protect his love. Deol shows all different shades of character, whether positive or negative, of course and complete facilitation. <br /> <br /> Shivam Nair's direction is very good. He describes in the life of people in the rural neighborhood is excellent, but what gets to be even more impressive is his portrait of Ankush's relationship with the different people surrounding him, including his friends and loved ones Megha's interest to whom he is ready to do anything for. I also loved Nair's great way to describe his interaction with loudness and his mother transplant who he called 'khala' (aunty). She likes to drive her crazy and annoy her on every occasion, but we see that she occupies a very special place in her heart, she's like a mother's face as evidence of several scenes. Except for Abhay, the rest of the cast does well. Though Soha Ali Khan did not stand out according to me, she was good and had some of her mom's charms. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good as she was the actress who played Ankush's 'khala'. <br /> <br /> Starting from the performance, writing the movie was exceptional. The dialogues were sort of ordinary yet brilliant, and the script was also fantastic. That's mostly because despite a not-so-new story it was never late or melodramatic and had no attempt to make it look bigger-than-life. The biggest weakness of the film is the uninspiring music of Himesh Reshammiya that was unsuitable for this movie. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a delightful look and he got only better with each scene. The concept can not be new, but the movie manages to look cool and gets increasingly happy as the story goes by. The finish was heretofore, the kind of sad yet optimistic. In short, this movie really grows on you slowly, and it can easily be attributed to the wonderful writing, the moving moments, the romance of good, the realistic procedures, and of course Abhay Deol's memorable performance.
