The story is about Ankush (Abhay Deol) - who is professional marriage witness, in short he acts as a witness for marrying at wedding registration office - and Megha (Soha Ali Khan) who runs away from his home in Nainital to marry her Love Dhiraj interests (Shayan Munshi). The story begins with Megha waiting at the wedding registration office for Dhiraj to show but for some reason she does not show up. So Ankush comes to the picture here, who approached Megha with the intention of earning Rs. 200 to witness her work and end up helping her by shelter. Ankush grows on his side by working in a bank as an agent ... Ankush fell in love with Megha and he also fell in love with her (or kind of love), both agreeing for the wedding and Dhiraj coming back in pictures a. Unexpected circumstances occur, actually I should say, the expected expectations and unexpected reactions and then ... .. Actually the movie story is slightly different than the films we see and I do not think it will be accepted by mass but You're a movie freak like me and love to look something different, then you'll definitely love the movie. The movie is just an innocent love story written very well by the characters of Abhay Deol and Soha Ali Khan. The characters are so natural that you feel as if things are happening at the next guy's door. The background music of the movie also plays a very good role, it is just too good. Delhi's way of showing is very good and gives a cool feeling. So let's cut it out and sum it up. <br /> <br /> History: A very common story brought very well and transformed into a wonderful experience. <br /> Music: Well, as it was the creation of Himesh Reshammiya, so I did not expect much but still I love the singing couple in the movie including the Qawwali. <br /> <Akimile: Abhay Deol was most impressive, very natural and innocent acting but it should stay away from songs in the songs. Soha Ali Khan, it's a doll, a very cute doll I have to say. Once again innocent and natural acting with these both actors perfectly fit into the characters. Apart from these, Shayan Munshi needs some lessons to act and may be some layers of fat to cover the bones. Other actors did their job well. <br /> Stars: I would also give it 3.5 stars out of 5. You will enjoy the movie if looking at the theater, I would recommend watching it in the theater if you're a wild movie and accepting extraordinary stories. Otherwise wait for the DVD to arrive. The movie will definitely not love the masses and the business it can do is come from word-of-mouth advertising.
