The Melodrama period is one of Griffith's first climatological films. Character trapped in a room is the repatriation of all his works and, as time went by, it would become increasingly adept at displaying their helplessness and involving the audience of fear. In the title-titled room, there is only one significant difference in the standard line, in which there is truly no escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith achieves the effect of claustrophobia here in two ways. First, use it in space. While the typical short biographical might use a dozen or more sets, the Sealed Room features only two adjoining rooms ?? the royal court and the dove kitten who become the eponymous grave. The design set in these shorts is rarely referenced, but here it is important. The court is a great interior, which has a longest in depth range and shows us a window with a staircase. The actors enter and leave out in various directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious, but also free and open. Conversely, the rear wall behind the kitten is very close to the camera, and the angles of it suggest an hexagonal or octagonal shape to make it seem even more in prison. The second technique of display here is cross-cutting. Anyone with an interest in Griffith's work will probably know about heavy use and cross-cutting development to build excitement or tension. Many will also know that forbidden to speak it by his inventions. However, Griffith's cross-cutting is so effective that this way he scares the opposing images to complete with each other. The sealed room has a good example of what I mean. The vaccines of the heavy-duty brick builders have a slow, step-by-step speed, and tense buildings as the wall gets higher. This movement is matched by the shots of the lovers unmatched unaware, in which Marion Leonard tears petals one-by-one flowers. As the couple realizes their situation, rising panic is complemented by the opposite shot of the insane king to defeat his sword against the wall. At this point, Griffith has always realized that the action might increase further by introducing a third-stroke cut off the cross. The dramatic "ride-to-rescue", here absent, was later to become a Greater Standard Point in the Griffith's picture.
