By 1909, D.W. Griffith directed film for the Biograph Company for about a year, and ?? working at a rate of two or three per week? has rapidly begun to develop his skills as a cinema. The 'Sealed Room' is a very interesting 11 minute short, a fascinating piece of gymnastic gems that even drift a little into the early horror domain. The simple narrative was probably inspired by the short story of Edgar Allen Poe's 1846, "Cask of Amontillado," and a powerful king's anxiety that designed a formal suicide form of revenge punishing his wife in infidelity. Medieval times, the 'sealed hall' begins with the King Arthur V. Johnson overseeing the construction of a window room from a diving dove, the idea that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place they enjoy each other's company. It is obviously very much in love with her, always showing her affection, this latest acting achievement in the crowning of his attentions. However, unknown to the king, his wife fell in love with the King's Ministry (Henry B. Walthall). During one romantic liaison inside the specially built room, the wife and minstrel were discovered, and the heartbroken king designed a means of getting his punishment on the ignorant couple. Silently, he ordered his workers to close the door with only stone and mortar, slowly down to ragged excavations as each new stone was laid down. Griffith still had an eye for acute detail, and the 'Sealed Room' is an excellent example early in this. The prestigious costumes medieval lending films in a sense of reality, and the castle interior looks authentic enough to be credible. At that time, the director was also a pioneering method of creating suspense, and I must admit that, as the film progresses, I've been focusing on finding out what would happen to young teen lovers. In the early minutes, Griffith restrained his long-time shots from taking a stationary camera (as usual at the time), but soon ?? parallel to the progresively darker topic ?? It changes its tactical correction in a fascinating way. Though he can not invent the technique, Griffith was criticized in popularizing the use of "cross-cut"? That is, switching between different events that occur at the same time. Not only does this create a sense of continuity, but it also maximizes the level of suspicion, since we, as the audience, are well aware, not only in the horrible act of the king, but also the wife and the minstrel is subconscious it all. <br /> Despite these innovations, the 'seal room' suffers from many of the typical imperfections of the era. The movie all takes place in just two rooms, and footage was captured from a total of just three positions, and so it is prone to become dull and monotonous at times. Their acting performance is greatly exaggerated for extra effects, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, overplaying it actually contributes to recognizing the scolding madness of the king betraying. A moment that I thought particularly effective was when two lovers tried to exit the room, only finding door only to replace with a wall of solid rock. Panic reactions, accompanied by the mental displeasure of the king, serve very well to create a next sense of claustrophobia. I thought, however, the oxygen supply was surprisingly surprisingly fast.
