After it's not likely to sell his scenplays in the new film industry during the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908 dramatic D.W. Griffith received the job that would make him a legend: he was hired by the Biograph Company as a director of movies. He was not really what Griffith was expecting when he decided to enter the movie business, but he accepted the job, and in less than a year he became the most successful biograph director of his original approach to filming and inventing stick in narrative it. Many years later, he would rule the "Birth of a Nation" in 1915, the movie that would revolutionize film-making and making it one of the first recognized author of the cinema; However, a lot of what would make him a great cinema can be found in the short films he has made for Biograf Company in the early years of his career. 1909 in the "Sealed Room" is one of these, and also one of the few horror movies in this very first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> The "Sealed Room" is a series set in the 16th century in which a county (Arhtur V. Johnson) has built a window room in its castle. It's a lovely and very cozy little room, as it means to be used to enjoy the love and company of his wife, the Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. However, the County does not know that his wife is not exactly faithful, as it is infatuated with the Ministrist (Henry B. Walthall) in Court, with whom he has an affair. As soon as the County gets busy with its own business, the Countess calls the Minstrel and both lovers go to enjoy the new Count's Room. When the county returns, it discovers it's missing and begins to suspect, finally discovering the two lovers in his room; but instead of making a scene, she prefers to hide as she decides that there is a better punishment for her spouse's wife: sealing the room window and the couple inside. The "Sealed Room" takes elements from Edgar Allan Poe in the "Cask of Amontillado" and especially Honor De Balzac in "The Great Breteche" to create a gothic Gothic melody based on the themes of insidious and sadism. Despite having an executable of 11 minutes, Woods' scenario develops the story in a very good way, and plays considerably well with the horror elements of the story. While a melody of heart, Woods focuses on the character of the county and his sadism creates one of the best horror characters in the early eras. The "Sealed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but Woods touches in the dark and morbid theme of his plot makes the story a very entertaining movie that was very different than the griffith tune much. In the "sealed room", Griffith uses his talent in experience with tension and suspense in a different way than usual. While he was often playing and editing to create thrills that excited his audience, in this movie focused he created desperation and horror, playing with the inherent feelings of claustrophobia that the source stories were. It's interesting as the story begins as another in his melodrama, and slowly rhythms become faster as the horror themes begin to dominate the plot, culminating in its great use of correction for the final scene. Not a movie where camera tricks are essential, what shines the most of the "Sealed Room" is Griffith's direct talent to his actor, as the legendary cinema manages to carry out the best of his cast and its usual natural style is removed from Staginess that was the norm of his day. <br /> <br /> As usual, was cast into composed of usual collaborators at Griffith, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as the County. Johnson provides a great performance and truly translates the character's transition from love to sadistic monster husband. His performance is not without a touch of overacting, but actually adds realism to the exaggerated personality character. As the county, Marion Leonard looks very good and also is very effective in acting it, transmits a natural charm that makes it difficult not to sympathize with it in her insidiousness. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as the handsome minstrel, and while being one of his best performances, he manages to provide a good action that also adds a nice touch to the movie's comedy. While not in real importance on the field, it's nice to see other members of Griffith's stock company in the background, like his wife Linda Arvidson and a young Marie Pickford as noble in court. <br /> While not exactly a masterpiece, the "sealed room" is a remarkable exercise of correction to create suspense and tension as Griffith used to do in those days. The movie has a good set of design and while in a very low budget, Griffith's care for more details makes it look very compelling and works perfectly with his direct style. Changes in the horror concentration make it stand out among other films in this era, and Johnson's performance as the sadistic count makes it worth a look. While Griffith is still remembered for his very influential (and controversial) "Birth of a Nation", the early short films he did before he really gave a good idea of ​​the technique development and the style that would make it 'a legend. Simple yet elegant, "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch with one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
