Excellent P.O.W. adventure, adapted by Eric Williams in his own book (a copy of the paperback forming part of my father's library) that was inspired by true events; it may well be the first movie of its kind and, therefore, there is a lot to answer for ?? not just as stiff-upper-lip examples eg ALBERT, R.N. (1953, which I'm going to watch now), COLLECT COLLECT (1955) and DANJ BEFORE (1959), but higher-profile releases from the other Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and ESCAPE GREAT (1963). This, then, sets the base very solidly: British soldier interest in a German camp to calculate an inventive spirit of escape, borrowing a page from Greek legend ?? Burrowing from under a vaulted horse while using physical exercise and in full view of the captures! Actually, the film is neatly divided into two halves: the first deals with the slow process of digging the tunnel, culminating in the escape itself, while the latter stages describe their fortunes outside the camp as they try to do it not Swedish. Typically in the British films, the presentation of Detroit (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and up-and-coming cast (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) stars, they say nothing of acts untold unreasonable characters (Anthony Dawson, Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three leads / escape are Ginn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two stick together, the latter goes his own way ?? only to run into the others on reaching security. As expected, the narrative involves many suspicions and excitement; as with most men-centered P.O.W. Sagas, too, women's interest is kept at the minimum barest. Director Lee did not have a long career ?? and this with a bit the same (albeit with a change in both settings and views) A TOWN LIKE ALICE (1956) its most remarkable achievement ?? but it certainly deals with each of the incidental situations in this case (though, it was reported that the filming delay saw Lee leaving his post prematurely leaving the producer Ian Dalrymple with the work of tumming up finishing!). Anyway, special mention is the exquisite lighting (particularly during the night-time sequence) at all.
