This is the true story of how three British soldiers escaped from the German war of war (POW), Stalag Air III, during the Second World War. This is the same POW campaign that was the scene of the Great Escape that caused the assassination of 50 officers re-captured by the Gestapo (and later made in a very successful film of the same name). While other POWs in Stalag Air III are busy working on three massive tunnels (known as Tom, Dick & Harry), two British prisoners have come up with the idea to build a wooden horse swallowing which could be placed near the composite wire fence, shortening the distance would have tunnels from this point starting to freedom. The idea to build the versions of the Trojan Horse came to them while discussing 'classic' attempts to escape and observe some POWs playing frog growth in the compound. <br /> <br /> Initially with one, and later with two hidden POWs inside, the wooden horse could be carried out of the compound and placed in almost the same position, near the fence, on a daily basis. While POWS volunteers swallowed over the horse, the survivors were occupying the horse digging a tunnel out of the flying horse while positioning near the wire, under the wire, and in the woods. <br /> <br /> The story also details the danger that two of the three POWs left faced while traveling to Germany and occupying Europe after emerging from the tunnel. All three POWs who have tried to save actually hit home runs (escape home based success). Wooden horses provide a very accurate and true feeling of tension and event in a POW breakout. The film was shot aside on the actual roadside of the POWs traveling to escape. Made and far less a budget than the Great Escape, Wooden Horse is much more realistic if not more exciting than the Great Escape and never fails to keep you from the corner of your seat rooting for the POWs to make good escape. <br /> <br /> The story line is dry and the rings act true and it is hard enough to keep the tension up all the way to the movie. Wooden horse based on the book of the same name by one of the escapes, Eric Williams, and is, far, the best POW escape story ever made in a movie. Some of the actual skin used in the movie are repressed their existence as captives in Stalag Air III. I give this film a ten worth ten.
