SPOILERS Sex huh? It is one of the most fundamental parts of human life. But have we ever taken it too seriously? People always want more, even those who find it on a daily basis, and if you are unlucky, there is potential life changing (creating) consequences. Ironically, the people we claim all start having sex at a younger and younger age (despite married couples and having children in early teens), so it should be increasingly difficult for those who get to a young age fi. At Steve Carell's first lead, he plays a man who came to 40 without managing it. Treat us in countless lude and extreme sex related incidents, not to mention more profanity than an episode of "Eurotrash", the overall plot of the film and its principles does not sound funny. It's a nice surprise so that for all the proper, jokes fail, there is an incredibly huge number of them that hit the mark and leave the audience in hysteria. Andy Stitzer (Carell) is a nice guy and a good job with a nice temperament. At the same time though, he blatantly took life too seriously and after being invited to a poker game as a fifth member, Andy's friend discovered his secret. At the age of 40, Andy is still a virgin. Now, for many reasons, but especially pity, the three guys (Paul Rudd, Seth Rogen and Romany Malco) all offer Andy advice and a goal in mind. And they brought him out of his affliction, and found him. <br /> One of the few good things about "Anchorman", it was only going to be a matter of time before Steve Carell got himself a lead in his own. Impressed, in the "40 year old Virgin" it does not disappoint. Showing despair, shy shyness of perfection, Carell is a revelation while it steadily grows increasingly confident as the counsel begins to help. Carell is not alone in his performance. Rudd, Rogen, Malco and Catherine Keener as the love interests are all superb. Rudd is a personal favorite as David's sick child who falls apart several times and shares the finest scene with Rogen as the debate about homosexuality. <br /> <br /> The biggest surprise on this movie is not that way much of the jokes hit the mark, but actually the smart way that it bends the message on itself. Needless to say, America's conservative, all tone of the movie evolves from a simple story of sexual conquest of one of the safe gender and abstinence. The girl does not need sex to make her life completely, she just needs confidence and true love. A message worthy to preach, with a considerable improvement on the one you expect to see at the start of the movie. <br /> It is strange to see a rude comedy that is still funny and well-acting, but low and Look, "40 year old Virgin" is just that. Throw in a message quite well, and you're well on the way to a top class comedy. A surprising joy.
