All right, here's the deal: if you're easily disrupted then you might want to stay far, far from this one. There are some painful moments in the movie, but I probably blushed as much as I laugh. Actually, I probably blushed more than I laughed. But if I was not literally blushing on the outside, then I was blushing on the inside. If there is absolutely nothing in this nasty film you then you simply have no shame. If it is a badge in honor or not in the eye of the boss I suppose. <br /> I will not deny that I laugh quite a bit, but this is a movie that I simply can not give a blanket recommendation due to its subjects. If I were to say, "This movie is hilarious, go check it out!" and some sweet, little old church-go masterpieces in the theater and it has a heart attack during one of the sexually graphic situations, well, that's just something I do not need about my conscience. So how is raunchy it? Hmm, try about 100 times worse than the wedding crashers. Honestly. My mother would have walked out during the first stage. I feel my duty at least warns you about what to expect. <br /> Some funny clever intelligent here, but that's what I'm coming to expect from the man (Judd Apatow) who had a hand in both Freaks and Geeks and undesirable. I'm all for fun at Michael McDonald; The only man whose hair and beard are enough to give Kenny Rogers a run for his money. Paul Rudd proclaimed, "If I hear Ya Mo there must be another time I will Ya Mo burn this place down," is hilarious, but it's one of the things that the majority of the audience will not appreciate. <br /> But when we see a quick flashback of Steve Carrell singing together at Pame Cameo's up, I laughed for a good two minutes after the joke was over, whereas most everyone chuckled and then forgot about it. > <br /> Strangely enough, despite the raunch, there is an admirable moral in the story. The film does not show Carrell as some cheating deficit just because she's a virgin. It was really described as a characteristic, admirable. Sure, it's a little weird. After all, she has a creative steel poster, "videogames more than an Asian kid," and a collection of games that feature the Man's BOSS million, but we never led to believe there's actually nothing wrong with the fact that she is a virgin. As odd as it may seem, there is a bit of a "read in wait" message. <br /> But man, o man, please be warned that this pushes its R rating over as far as it can go. That was certainly Apatow's intention. According to him, he just left some of the men (particularly Rogen and Malco) to improve and talk about how to speak normally, all in an effort to find many new ways to be dirty. If you can handle this or talk way yourself, then you'll love the movie. <br /> I'm not a big fan of too many profanity and sex jokes. I find that subtle humor, smart is more fun than over 200 uses of f-words or fratboy sex discussions. But I am. As I said, there are some absolutely iteric moments here, but you should ask yourself if they are worth to sit in one of the most vulgar movies you have ever seen in the theater. I just do not know how interested most women will be in what is discussed by men while playing poker. Honestly chess, you might not want to know. If you've ever been curious why some girls think the guys are gross, well, this gives you a good idea. <br /> <br /> There you go - I submit, honestly take on what you have to expect. That's your guide. It definitely should not be seen with your Sunday school class, mother, grandmama, any family member of the opposite sex, children of any age, or anyone who is easy to run due to too many trumpets or clear sex discussions. If you would see it with any of the above then you apparently have no concept of what it means to be uncomfortable.
