Something about 40 years of the Virgin and other strikes in comedy in the summer, Wedding Crashers, are similar, but they are two different films in some respects. Both are romantic comedy that has the kind of over-the-head, crazy sensuality that keeps the youth and guys in the 20's with the usual dating crowd going to see the movies. Both have some sort of formula in the stories as well. But in the late 40-year-old Virgin, I think I've found in general it was more satisfying than 'Crashers'. Although one can guess where the story of Steve Carrell's character and Catherine Keener's Trish character goes on, it's not too basic for one of the figures coming out with Crashers, and their characters both leading and supporting them realistically , more rounded than most of the people one dimension or unreasonable to the other. And, perhaps, it may depend on how much you have identified (or just get the lunacy) in both. <br /> The thing is that some people can enter the Old Man 40 Years by knowing Steve Carrell as well as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, as Carrell has built up her cult status on the daily show (one of the favorite shows me on now) and the small but indelible role of Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first role, but it does not treat like some third-party cars. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treat the character of Andy with a certain level of sincerity that holds the audience on his side all the way, even early on as he talked to his action figure while re-paint. It is also a tough line of over-the-tenants but this could be no more or less fun than 40 Lackluster Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett (also on sexual dysfunction). As the title suggests, Andy is the 40 year old who is like friend of nice guy and still a little pee-Wee Herman at him (the opening on the credit of his apartment is hilarious, a good sign). <br /> So, his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all pretty much funny foils) try and elaborate different strategies and tips to finally break the cursor sort on Andy's head to his cherry pop, they are so talk. She almost came with a drunk woman drinking, she almost came up with a weird type of girl, and almost with her own boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in the mockumentaries) as an (exciting) friend. But that soon all begin to fade as he gets into a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works all over the street in his hand. As they build on a non-baseline relationship, one might worry that the scheme gears "how it will be said to be like that" can be found in the path of the comedy. It does not. In fact, if anything, Carrell and the cast built on it to a very high degree. For virtually an hour and a half the length of the film time, there was barely a moment I did not laugh, whether big or small. The big street though make up for not just any kind of formalities with the plot, or one or two little lost stories (fellow co-workers have their own relationship problems as well, the Rudd were the funniest). The big streets come in Carrell's reaction, and those around him can either come back up with their own moods in humor, charms or who are with some truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes it so that there is a genuine spirit in their relationships (and, unlike 'Crashers', there are not so many that do not make wise characters). For someone like me who loves her when a comedy can get laughter just by the way he looks on his face, Carrell gets very high up here. Like a movie brother's brother Farrelly, the more raunchy or outrageous performances are performed with total absurdity; The 'waxing' scene (made for real, by the way) and sort of aquarius music number towards the very end of the movie (the way it comes from first is a total, surprise surprise). But if you do not want to get discouraged by it, there are more places to come from. This is one of the funniest films of the year.
