I watched this movie three times. Last time I kept jumping around confusing scenes to find resolution for the plot. Perhaps the draw does not intend to hang logically. Or maybe these rough spots are in the draw because remember to remember in the distant events is rather defective. <br /> Take the Ann Grant (Claire Danes). Here is a young woman who went to a college with the names of a wealthy family. It must have been helped to pay this education very expensive, but it never seems to have any family relationships at all. He does not seem to have any family he can go when the consequences of one of his disaster decisions take effect. <br /> Let's share an evening of great passion with Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson). Then when Harris comforts Lila after the tragic death of his brother Buddy, Let's suddenly find him repulsive and he is disgusting with his own behavior. I must miss something important here. Ann's behavior seems totally inexplicable. Let's abandon her relationship with Harris and eventually marry one of Groomsmen at the Lila wedding. Despite Ann's rejection of Harris, he continues to keep deep feelings for him on his death. <br /> It was obvious in her behavior that Harris was deeply struck by Ann and would be happy to marry her. A scene that shows lucky reunion year after the wedding of Lila shows that Harris still had deep feelings for Ann. The movie showed a model for Ann's romantic relationship. He always had a fall out with his men and dismissed them. This model was designed with Harris and two husband. Contrary to her, Lila was married to a man she did not like and she remained with her husband until she died. Perhaps Lila could build a relationship because she refused to let her marriage fail. Then came the too good comeback of Lila Ross in Ann's bed. Apparently the nurse could extract enough information from the last few few liquid times to identify and contact Lila. None of this communication appears on the movie. <br /> I kept asking about the house Ann lived in during her final day. How could he buy a home on the smallest salary of his singing career? Let's always look forward to a financial crisis step while raising its two daughters. On another level, I loved the movie environment with many music. Seaside castle was just so heartbreakingly beautiful. Claire Danes was glowing as Ann Grant's youth. It is really quite a talented singer. I preferred her natural brunette in the blonde bottle looked at the movie expenses. If only these linie CGI linens would go, I could raise the movie a whole point in my vote!
