Criticism of the film, EVENING, based on the novel by Susan Minot and adapted for the screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, was harsh, so harsh that she could have discouraged many viewers from giving film to a try. The main criticisms were centered on the fact that many small things happening in this film about a woman's cold death about a mistake she made a summer of her youth, which popular actors have been given to many minor roles, that the production was all over-hyped, etc. For this viewer, see the movie on a DVD in the quiet of the house, a very different reaction occurred. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) is killed in her home by the ocean and her medicine and memory allows her to share a man's name - 'Harris' - and her two daughters grow Nina (Toni Colette ) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). As her daughter sits in Ann Ann's bed, she enjoys a particular summer when she was a bridesmaid for her best friend (Mamie Gummer) - a marriage both Ann (Claire Danes as Ann Ann) and the Lila Alcohol Brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) objects, feeling that Lila was simply married to a man in his class instead of the boy he liked - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of his household who became a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila, and Ann are woven together in a series of infatuations and romance that kept secret until now, 50 years later, as Ann is dying. Older Lila (Meryl Streep) will visit Ann at the end and the secrets will reveal: 'There are no such things as mistakes - life just goes on.' The film is a delicate mood and the script by Minot and Cunningham is rich in the atmosphere and subtle life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in the story that could have been used more explicitly, but in order to maintain the aura of nostalgia in the words of a dam lady, these 'holes' are understood. The film is grafted by the presence of not only Redgrave, Richardson (Redgrave's true daughter), Collette, Gummer (True Streep's daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson. Also, with an ensemble cast in short but very solid performance. The setting is gorgeous (cinematography by Gyula Pados) and music notes is not inimitable to John A. Kaczmarek la. Lajos Koltai ("You Must Julia") direct. Judge this movie on your own .... Grady Harp
