So many wonderful actresses in one movie serve as a convenient invitation to the local movie home so I hardly answered. Here are some remarks .. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is great even while lying in bed. It also looks old and I do not think this is achieved with a lot of make-up that is a good thing for the movie but something sad for our cinema-spectator. I think aging has got a bit harsh in recent years. Claire Danes continues to welcome her to the movies and hesitating a definite heat. Mamie Gummer's resume her mother Wet Streep both in terms of physical appearance and style acting so hit that I lost my concentration in the movie for a couple of minutes after her entry. It is amazingly good; However such a resemblance is dangerous to work against his favor. I agree with a previous comment: Natasha Richardson definitely had some plastic work to make her face. It certainly does not seem like I remember it from previous films ("Nell" for example.) Both her and Toni Collette sadly do not make much impression in part because they do not look convincing as sisters. Interval is weak. Toni Collette additionally is too old way for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep had more time screens. Streep's performance is actually little more than a comedy. His scene on the other hand has greater emotional resonance than the rest of the movie. Eileen Atkins welcomes some welcome greetings, especially in her second role as an imaginary nightman of Redgrave's character. As for the guys; Hugh Dancy animated the film considerably even though it provided a much better performance than needed. As a matter of fact as soon as it exits the story it starts to sink. He is also in his credit that he managed to create the necessary sense of the boyish charm of the viewer. Patrick Wilson on the other hand is a complete void in the center of the movie. He also has the worst that the script is insufficient to explain why three people (one of them a man) are so beaten by this man. This backstory should be further developed. <br /> <br /> The cinematography is excellent as expected. However, the main summer summer failed to convince me. It does not look natural on the top of this rock, particularly with its grass patch in the front. A bit too much box. <br /> Overall, the movie is a classy, ​​but a-ever-before-produced production, it was called-in-it-all-before feeling taken over me while most of it lasted and so it failed to make that kind of impact on me that I hope in a tearjerker. However, he still managed to reflect on the passing of time, on one's expectations from life and at what point they come true or not. Worth tries at least on DVD if not in the movies ...
