While she died, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeats the name of "Harris" and she remembers the 50's when she was an aspiring singer and she traveled to New York for the honorary maid of lilacs lila Wittenborn (Mamie Gummer) Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) was welcomed by Buddy Hugh Dancy, who has Alcohol and Reckless Lila at Wittenborn's Cottage in the Sea and says that her sister is in love actually for friends and servants of Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson) fought in the war and graduated from medicine. Later the bride must acknowledge her true feelings about Harris Ann. However, when encountering Harris, she has a breakthrough on her and has a short story during a night stand during a tragedy happening with Buddy. While Ann's girls, Mexico's insecure and unstable Nina (Toni Collette) and the wife are happy with Mom Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson), are worried with their mother and have the differences to be resolved. <br /> <br /> "Evening" has one of the best feminine stocks that I've ever seen in a movie, with magnificent performance. The meeting of the stunning Mamie Gummer and her mother Meryl Streep is amazing and she has a performance that honors her mother's name. Places, costumes, decorations, cinematography and band are also awesome. Unfortunately the plot is confused and I have not clearly understood the message in this movie. Why is the mother so important in the story? Did Constance suffer in the night of Ann and Harris and should her father? Why did Ann and Harris not stay together, if the guy really liked her as he confessed at the occasional encounters in New York? What problem did Jehovah solve after visiting Lila Ross? Is Buddy Wittenborn bisexual or his love for Harris was a fraternal love? Why Nina Mars changed his mind about maternity to the end? It seems that the scenario writers or directors have failed since they could not make sense and progress in the lovely love story. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In the Event")
