Half of Lajos Koltai's "Evening," a woman on her deathbed asked a face to appear in her hallucination: "Can you tell me where my life goes away?" The line might be embarrassing theater, but the woman speaks of it is Vanessa Redgrave, delivering it with utter simplicity, and the question of tears in your heart. <br /> <br /> Time and again, the movie based on Susan Minot's romantic sensation and banal, he retains attention, offers admirable performances, and indicates emotional involvement as some recent movies have. With only six months of the year gone, there are now two memorable, meaningful, uninteresting films in the theater, the other, of course, Sarah Polley's "Away from it." Hollywood might turn "Evening" into a glamorous glamorous car with two real moms and their daughter - Vanessa Redgrave and Natasha Richardson, and Meryl Streep and Mamie Gummer. Richardson is Redgrave's daughter in the movie (with a sister playing by Tony Collette), and Gummer plays Streep's Little Self, while Redgrave's juvenile incarnation is Claire Danes. <br /> Add Glenn Close, Eileen Atkins, Hugh Dancy, Patrick Wilson, and a great cast - yes, he could go back to a multiple star platform. Instead, the Koltai - brilliant cinematographer of "Mephisto", and director of "Fateless" - creates a subtle ensemble work and a "Continental feel," the story takes place in a Newport society, Newport, in the days lead to a marriage that is full of problems. <br /> <br /> Connections that are not connected, bad choices, and respective compliance with social and family presence are quite a soap opera, but the quality of the writing, Koltai's direction, and despair to raise "Evening" The way above this level, in the time of the English, French (with a few Americans), suggests families from a century before its recent environment. <br /> <br /> Relationship between mother and daughter, between friends and lovers, with the addition of a tough triangle all come across clearly, comprehensively, captivatingly. Individual tunes are woven into a symphony. But with the highest emphasis on celebrity and celebrity performances, the stars of "Evening" still shine, Redgrave, Richardson, Gummer (a new exciting discovery, looking vaguely like her mother, but a very different actress), Danes bring most of the charge - until Streep shows up in the final moments and, of course, the stolen show. Dancy and Wilson are well worth the cost of admission. Like "away from him," "Evening" stays with you in length, invites a re-think story and character, and re-experiencing the emotions it raises. Within two hours, the movie runs a bit long, but the way it stays with you is then welcomed among the many films that go cold long before your popcorn.
