I take Evening at the Movies with a lady friend. Evening is a chick movie that has no exquisite for being like, but I can say with some relief that it's not so infused with estrogen that it's painful for a red-haired male to look. Except for one example at the very end of the movie, I watched interest and did not have to turn back or roll my eyes into any self-indulgent melodrama. Ladies, for parties, will absolutely love this movie. <br /> <br /> The Lord is elderly, bed-dog food and spending his last few days on Earth as comfortable as possible in his own home and his two daughters at his side. Dismissed by the memories of his past, Let's suddenly call out a man's name from his daughter never heard before: Harris. While both of her daughters silently contemplate the strong meaning of encouraging mothers to remember and regret her ill-tempered affair with the mysterious man of this ever, Ann falls into her heart to the fateful day met Harris - and in doing so, loses the juvenile optimism for the future that we all inevitably share with. And with her two daughters - one married to the children, one of the "comet" series - struggle with the central question of whether or not really really exists, and perhaps most importantly, if true love can hold the test in time. Are we all one day loved to realize that love never lasts forever? Do we all realize that settling for the imperfect is the only realistic result? The subtle factor that the former Ann is always struggling with an answer to these questions about deathbed is not lost on his two daughters. <br /> <br /> Cinematography for the Tonight Interesting - Most of the movie spent in Ann's mind that she recalled the past, and for that reason I think the movie was shot as if it were all done Spray overexposed, giving everyone a lumming volleyball (and thus making it very obvious that all this is not real but held in the past). Claire Danes is beautiful (looks really, really high, though just 5 '5 "in fact), and it's absolutely fascinating in a climax scene where his songs talent is finally put on the test. You can not really talk about trash The cast, which leads off with Claire Danes and does not let up from the: Vanessa Redgrave, Patrick Wilson, Meryl Streep and Glenn Close to fill out other roles and major mines in the movie. <br /> I can not really say anything negative about this movie at all, though Hugh Dancy's combat has its character derived from pronounced one-dimensional at the end of a total loss of the obscene wealth of those who set up a great brave front, but the Cache scary cache of never amounting to anything probably does not offer much in the way of character exploration - he has his orders and stuck in them. /> In the end, gentlemen, your lady's friend will most certainly cry, and while you're likely not to feel almost as affected, tonight definitely will not be a waste of time spent watching Asw . Catch it in theaters or take it as a venue for trade points for when you want to accompany and look at Hard Hard 4 or the next meal meal. It will be your secret that this look did not really cost you much at all.
