Since starting reading this film based, I have mixed feelings about the filming result. I've learned some time ago to see the movie adaptation of a book before I read the book because I found that if I read the first book I was inevitably disappointed in the movie. This would undoubtedly be true here, whereas in the case of the Atonement, which is probably the best adaptation filmed in a book I've ever seen, it would probably not matter. <br /> I'm trying to figure out what the cause is, and I suspect I have to point my finger to Michael Cunningham. Many as I respect her for the Hours (which I did not read, but which I saw and she was awed not) I can not escape feeling that she was not so much suited to Susan Minton's books as she did a few of her characters and the basic base and write his own movie out of it. <br /> It's not that I'm gleeing the movie. I actually love the movie, which is why, since I started reading the novel, I feel disturbed about the whole thing. I feel unpleasant to Ms. Minton to enjoy this movie that was so a departure from his work. Reading her, I can understand why she had such a fight to adapt to her. Unlike one review of the movie said, it's not so much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie; and more like just a few books can not make the transition. Minton's novel moments operate on a personal and intimate level of central character, so internally, that it seems impossible to succeed in a physical field. Even though a lot of books are memories of real events, it's memorable, so fragmented and inferior as to be, I feel, not movie. I think that Ms. Minton is a real work of literature, but he can not make the film transition, which in no way detracts from its value. <br /> I can not yet report that Evening, the movie, does not represent evening, the novel, in any more than the most superficial way, since I'm the only half, but the original should make a tremendous leap looks like the movie that follows at this point. I guess I write this because I feel that if you're going to adapt a novel, adapt it, but do not make it something else that it does not. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham did nothing original, but in what I can see so far things he did are all based on someone else's work. We would not have the schedules if Virginia Woolf did not write to Ms. Dalloway, and we would not have tonight, in its distressed form, if Susan Minton had not had much trouble doing so probably would not have tried in the place first. But it's too hard to say that it would be best if Mrs. Minton left her alone enough, because Tonight, the movie, is a satisfying and beautiful work of its own. <br /> So, my confusion, mix feelings, sense of sideline, and final conclusion that, in this case, the novel can not be the movie and vice versa, and my eventual recognition of both writers for doing so Doing so, we have both work as they are.
