The first "side-story" of the Gundam universe universal universe presents a refreshing new look at the war between the earth and the space colonies. The focus is not about a small group of people who would go on to play essential roles in the conflict, but on civilian population everyday and how the war is seen in the eyes. There are some staple gangams, its quotes were not a ZEON squad to take a Gundam experimental, but the execution of the scheme that made this show so interesting to look. This series focuses on the experiences of a young boy called Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina Mckenzie who secretly a federation pilot and a newbie zeon pilot named Bernie Wiseman. Alfred developed a sort of "love brother" for Bernie while our young pilot also dropped to Christina. <br /> <br /> "War in the Pocket" proves that you do not need a speedy history of special people to make for a good war history. There is no Uber asteroid pilot or large scale fleet battle to be seen here. This episode 6 OVA focuses a lot more on emotional drama characters on other themes such as politics or philosophy and I love how to really describe the characters. Alfred is your typical kid every day that plays violent computer games and thinks the armed forces are cool. It is then given a crash course in the horrible facts of war. The easy friendship and bondage between Bernie and Christina, each do not know the fact that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, is played very real without going further with the romance drama stuff. The same goes for the endearing relationship between Alfred and Bernie. That being said, I would not want to spoil much of the story here, but it made it a lot more wrenching hearts to watch the tragedies that unfold as the show moves along the way to emotionally devastating twist it ends. <br /> <br /> Despite its lack of action, this show never falls into the category of "boring". Characters are just engaging enough to bring the entire show. Do not worry as there are a number of mobile scene action lawsuits scattered here and there. Each is very animated at a level that surpasses this in an OVA and makes sure you meet the craving for some "binding" fighting costume movements in a set of Gundam. Normally watching anime in Japanese or English, I would leave up to personal preferences. But in this case, I recommend the English voice track on a single Japanese. Not only do the characters, everyone except Alfred are Caucasians, sound more credible in English but their performance in the English voice cast on par and even surpass one of the Japanese, instability of every character and these realistic emotions and their intonations that sounds just acting in some live TV live action books. In short, this show does not try to impress the audience. What he does is to translate many cheerful themes that strike near home especially the innocent death of the battlefield and horror of the eyes of a child. A really moving story that deserves more credits given.
