This is a complex movie that explores the effects of Fordist and Taylorist fashion in industrial production of capitalism on human relationships. There are constant references to line production lines, where workers are treated as cogs in a car, controlled by clipboard frames, controlling the amount of workers' exposure, and firing workers (Stanley) who meet all criteria (as supervisors say always on time, is hard worker, doing good work) but who can be in the future without prescriptions making a mistake. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley sent his father to a nursing home (where he quickly dies) after Stanley loses his job. Iris daughter is a young mother who drops from high school to get a job at the plant. Referrals are made in the fact that now, with declining earnings, both partners need to work, the implications that they have in the home leave for the care of children. Iris' husband died in a disease, and with the multiple references to the movie about the costs of medical care, the viewer must ask if he might have lived with better and more costly care. Iris' law in law has become abusive after another unsuccessful day in the unemployment office when his wife is calling to him to buy a beer and his economy instead of leaving it to lift his face and / or toothpaste (even the working class with no stake in the conventional bourgeois notion of perfection and beauty purchased by them). The single reference to the film's film is in a factory black factory factory whose husband is imprisoned (presumably, it's dark, and black people suffer from high high incident rates). He noticed that he, like he, "is making time" - his family consists of a prisoner with a slave wage. Stanley, however, still believes in human relationships and therefore for most of the film outside of the Fordist capitalist system. He cares for his father despite the fact that he traveled to his father's travels that caused his illness - he has not yet reduced human relationships to a purely instrumental contract, as Iris' brother in law does so (suggests that he "to marry the sister"). It does not, as Iris says, adheres to work-eating-sleep routines in everyone else; Instead, he uses the technology and techniques of industrial production in a craft and creative way, in a sort of ideal Bauhaus. This was the fashionable early 1920s and socialism (such as Bauhaus) - to use technology to provide all the basic needs, allowing for more time to free creative human and human relationships. It is also out of traditional sex relationships. She cooks, cleans, cares for her family and knows how to do. Iris, on the other hand, lives in a male role traditionally - it is a factory worker, the source of income for his family (extended), and brings Stanley to the public domain, traditionally off-limits of women. When teaching it to read and write, it gives access to the world of knowledge, also traditionally male gendered. <br /> <br /> Literacy here is used as a metaphor for the public domain (traditionally malecules) and the circulation systems (monetary, car, cultural) that allow public participation. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - the works are open to him for cooking and cleaning. It is excluded from all regular circulation, can participate in the monetary (can not open a bank account), in the car (can not get a driver license, can not ride the bus), and in the social (it requires if it exists if he can not write his name). After learning, read the book on Auto Repairs, Agriculture, and Spirituality (the Bible). God's Word is interconnected, putting on the same value as the plane as the book. In fact, organizing religion in general is only very occasionally present - the Bible also appears on a dresser as the camera pan finds Stanley and Iris sex. It is, however, recognized as a moral force - Iris, clearly a character devoted to living a "good" life, mentioned at the beginning of the movie that Rosary was among the lost objects in a hacked suitcase. <br /> <Once it is read, it enters the system and lands a management position with a health care plan, a car, and a home, takes place at the head of the family, the breadwinner. Obviously, it is an industrial designer, dreaming up products that will require others to endure the drudgery in the assembly line to produce. That's the finish, probably the only bit of Hollywood conventional in the movie, so absurd and all that was before I at least wondered if it was not forced into by some Studio execution suddenly worried about the lack of a good-end feel with its potential effect on the bottom line. Now that, according to their performance, we were comfortable moving on post-industrial capitalism, the film also had a slightly nostalgic feel, as if we needed the historic distance to really analyze what happened during this period. But it is highly recommended - at least if you want to exercise your brain. Happiness ends, and it's close to a perfect 10.
