My dog ​​recently passed away, and this was a movie I loved as a kid, so I saw her to try to cheer up. <br /> <br /> (Beware of dogs, I mean Spoilers.) This movie is not just for kids and far away from ordinary. It was placed in New Orleans in 1939. First and foremost, the dog was not described as an extra family member of this movie, but as an adult and his own complicated life dealing with. Starting, Charlie is not too different from his unfair partner and brutal partner, Carface. It is money to drive, greedy, and just escaped death death, as stated at the beginning of the feature. The difference between Charlie and Carface is that Charlie can learn and wants to listen to others; Anne Marie and sidekick her, Itchy. Tires will not even cost fat, ugly dogs and big glasses that are happening to them nearer. <br /> <br /> Square Hero's attempt to kill the hero, because he wants 100% of the profits in business and will not settle for only 50% - a very unusual way for a German Shepherd mix to die. Also, they were fed by a prehistoric aggressor that ended up limiting your life because you can sing is very easy if you are a dog or not. This is a cartoon, and therefore it is logical here. Carface's method of revenge is to kill, while Charlie believes success is the best revenge, financial success that is. After surviving death, she started a business by Carace's source of funding, a very talented girl who possessed the ability to communicate with the animals. They have a whole bunch of races, and Charlie tells him he will give the money to the humbling hint - hint: Charlie and Itchy live in a junkyard, and they are therefore poor. He uses the money toward casino / bar / theater, and not the other "poor." The reason why Anne Marie has the ability to talk to animals is that he is compassionate, and he listens carefully. She teaches Charlie ethic by displaying her gambling, lying, and stealing. Charlie tries to make sure she does not buy her dress. He added the ethics that his business needed, while Charlie made management, with Itchy giving construction. <br /> <br /> Carface uses violence and damage to Charlie's crushing business property, which is unprotected by the government. Charlie lost everything and all she left is this girl. At the end he must choose between his life and his own. She first grabs look out of self preservation, and sets it down when the girl started to sink. Both the girl and the look were going down, and she chose that one, and she chose the girl. The big part about this film focuses on someone's ability to learn right from wrong over time, and a child's ability to cope with the natural incident to the death of their pets, is that he never shows anyone dead! The look symbolizes his life, and the view they showed was submerged and stopped. All deaths were suggestive, even for the wicked. I did not cry during this film until now, and I've gotten more out of it, so I wrote it down and share it with you.
