I love all dogs going to heaven though I'm a guy. This and the Land Before Time are the best animated films that Don Bluth did! In the movie Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) has been helped by her friends Itchy (Dom DeLuise) freedom from the book in New Orleans 1939. Charlie in casino business wants to share equal to her partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface wants to share upwards with Charlie pushing a car on a bridge over Charlie kill him! Charlie enters the sky and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) showing Charlie that her time went up to show her a look that stopped and she explained that all the dogs went to heaven because all the dogs are naturally good! Charlie's hidden stand stands behind her back, she changes back and returns to the living world and Annabelle screams You can never come back! Charlie reunites with Itchy and goes and explores soon to find out that Squares have not attempted to just kill Charlie he has also kidnapped an orphan girl named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Career leaves Charlie and Itchy help Ann Marie escape. The next day, Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie go to look for money! Ann Marie sees a couple who she thinks would make parents feel great for her! While Ann Marie speaks to the couple Charlie sneaks up behind the man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to a horse race where they bet the money that a horse will win the race! The horse said there would be wind up winning with Charlie, Itchy, and Ann Marie to pay $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises to Ann Marie she will use the money to give the poor but wind up buying a new casino and gambling and buying pizza for her friends Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon Ann Marie found that Charlie stole the wallet from the man and used his money on the horse race and everything! Charlie's sadness about this has a dream about going to Hell with the Devil! Soon Charlie got up and found that Ann Marie goes! She left the wallet back to the couple who forgave her on the wallet and invited her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to leave with her and make pretending to be sick but being captured by mice who try to give them to Gator King but they managed to escape! Soon squad shows and captures Ann Marie. He plans to drown him, but Charlie comes to the rescue and appeals to King Gator who feeds Carface. Charlie's time is up, he must die again. Scratch with the help of the other dogs to find the couple who took Ann Marie in and get them to come to where Ann Marie is. They are in time to save Ann Marie, but they are too late to save Charlie that in time has ended! Charlie awarded his heroic effort to save Ann Marie was welcomed back to heaven, but before he went in saying she was greeted by Ann Marie who was adopted by the couple and asked her to take care of Itchy for her. He said yes and said Charlie he liked him with good-bye! Charlie enters the sky again as he tells all the dogs to go to heaven! Full and wonderful animation, characters, and history of Don Bluth have proven us again that it is a good hobbyist! It's too bad this movie was released the same year Little Mermaid who is my favorite Disney movie! They both came from 1989 that was the year before I was born! I guess I'll have to call them both the Best Animated Features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
