First of all, 'St. Ives's movie is just legal injuries based on the story of Robert Louis Stevenson in the same name, but for once, this is not a criticism. The original novel was a work-in-progress, ending with the author's death, and in free adapting it and giving it a finish, the movie makers brought in life some character indearing that, although different from the original Stevenson, I, I am 1813: Capitan Jacques de Céroual of Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, orphaned by the Revolutionary Guillotine, now serves as a Swiss army in Napoleon. We meet him going out for tonight, claiming that since a non-killed Husar by 30 is "a blackguard", he, at 34, is now "about borrowing time"! Certainly, as he faces a string of challenges in duels, our superbly hero looks at danger, but a surreal surprise about his Colonel gives him a way out of the duels and in the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer . Unfortunately, it also results in losing his commission ... Further misadventures resulted in him being taken captive by the British, and sent to a POW camp in a Scottish mansion. <br /> While rug games and boxes, Jacques captures the attention of Flora, young thirst of Miss Susan Gilchrist, a well-traveled woman in the world who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the Flora story concerns help Jacques to escape and find emigrated to his grandfather, the old Comte. Of course, there is a problem. Jacques' older brother, Alain, an alcoholic melted, is - maybe understood - far from happiness when his grandfather disinherits before the house, very instantly that Jacques appeared ... croaking cough! There is also a fun subplot of the romance between the left, naive, but great-hearted Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, who traveled to most of the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner in the Turks. Even allowing for a natural prejudice in favor of any movie in which the heroine shares my name, 'St. Ives' is Magic! It combines extra swordfights swashbuckling, a balloon-flight, comedy and romantic adventure. I would recommend it to anyone who likes the 'movie style' yet - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, and Co. The act is splendid. Anna Friel does flora a spirited and leaning heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr succulent as Jacques, a truly lovable hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already numerous favorites of mine, and they have great fun like Susan and Farquhar, whose relationships run as a comic stripper to that of their drive. As the rakish, soon but ultimately tragic Alain, Jason Isaacs shows, as he did most recently to the 'Patriot', that he had the classic swashbuckling style, besides watching them superb charming! Please, please throw someone like a * hero of the genre? !!! <br /> <br /> My primary quibbles and environmental concerns film and costume. In the book, the castle in which Jacques is a prisoner is Edinburgh clearly, but the film, injections in Ireland, Germany and France were the 'Highlandized' environment, which makes the retention of places such as Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry disrespectfully disagreed . Costumes are also a real pot-pot, from 1780s up to the period in which it is set. While this might not be implausible and more down-to-be-marked characters, it seems odd for well-to-do ladies as the heroine must wear 1780s gown in 1813. Clearly, the costume decision was outdated: these pure styles Earlier is visually far more appealing and elegant than Regency mod, and they work in the ideal world of the movie. As a whole, St. Ives' is 90 minutes of fun.
