WAQT is a perfect example of a chicken soup not exactly for your soul. The broth unfortunately lost its current tasting thanks to the excess and garnishing dilution that enters its iron. <br /> <br /> What's surprising and disappointing about WAQT is that it comes from a director who has stayed away from the usual cinemas of Cinema movies in his first venture, but that's his second trip to the for all the stereotyped movie formulas. While Vipul Shah had the conviction to show something as implausible as a blind man robbed a bank in Aankhen, he just failed to induce life in the entire packaging of WAQT based on something as conceivable as a father-son relationship . Adopting a game Gujarati Aavjo Vhala Fari Malishu, WAQT has a sensitive storyline and a social message to back up. A mature look at father-son relationships, likes a bloody condition towards his son and a son's responsibility toward his family. Ishwar Chand Sharawat (Amitabh Bachchan) has established his entire empire on his own from the scratch to conduct a affluent life with his wife Sumitra (Shefali Shah). Aditya's only son (Akshay Kumar) never had to strive for anything since he had received everything tailor-made and spoon-eating in their lives. Killing Ishwar has only spoiled him all the more. Aditya dreams turn into a superstar, but does not make her dream come true. Meanwhile he married Mitali Ladylove (Priyanka Chopra). Ishwar hopes that marriage will make Aditya a responsible person more but she is disappointed. Aditya is always in blithe it's best to lead a life-to-face. <br /> <br /> The endurance limit finally collapses when Ishwar expels Aditya from his home. This sudden change in the attitude of his affectionate father towards him and he now waits for Wife to abstrait Aditya. She has no option but leaves her efforts to live in her spouse and her unborn child. It starts turning into an independent man but the rift in the relationship between him and his dad grows. <br /> The story is simplistic while the simple storyline has a very elementary approach. One can easily identify and relate to the credible characters of both the father and the son. If you are not one of the two, you at least might come to everyone like them somewhere in real life. <br /> <br /> Adding it easy to handle Vipul Shah's director in the scenario. With a family affair like this, any other director in place would add tons of melodramas to the proceedings as per the Cinemas Laws of Bollywood family drama, turning the film into a compulsive tearjerker. However Shah excels in touching the emotional effort for most parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> Clear-cut example in her unpretentious direction is palpable in the pre-interval scene where the father dismisses the son of his house in a rather frivolous way. The purpose of the scene is to achieve without blotting a hearing on the audiences' brain. Dito for the scene in the second half where the son now separates has a flippant conversation. That's what the WAQT difference comes from a KHABI KUSHI GHUM or an RishtaA EK and in fact where it is a high level in terms of treatment. But after all the distinction points, one can ask where WAQT still fail at? The problem lies in the fact that while WAQT distinguishes itself from the others in its league in terms of treatment, it gives to the glitches in the terms of packaging. What with the director is forced to sing-n-dance every now and then in the first half. There's a chance to sing a chopra song like Holi song, a son of disko dandia song, a dream song and a dream come true to sing the yawns of the viewer. This photograph ... the father just reversed the son of his house and the son is dreaming of a song in Mount Moroccan and his wife. From where! From Reasons! and the audience From the chair. The movie just drags in the first half and the actual story begins only in the second half. The director was wasting too much WAQT on unnecessary elements. Many talk about sequencing dogs are not bad, but do not rush either. However, dance taurus Akshay Kumar is simply ridiculous. Imagine he qualifies for hunting stars in the movie with this (unintentionally) hilarious histrionic. Add to it at the highest point in the finals of the star-hunt where the child bursts out with emotions. So archetypal! Also the correction pattern could be reversed in hiding father's reason for the change of attitude towards his son. <br /> <br /> Anu Malik's music is fine even if needed in the procedures. Santosh Thundiiayil's camera work is proficient enough even though not much requested. Aatish Kapadia has come up with some good dialogue for dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Boman Irani and Rajpal Yadav make up or the light moments of the movie very effectively. While Rajpal Yadav has gone further with his comic histrionics in many films lately, this time he respects his character, is completely suspended. Its extreme expression is perfectly complimentary with the over-the-top histrionics. Shefali Shah is convinced of her mother's role. Not to be taken as an intention but it is flawless in both playing and 'looking' his character. Priyanka is gorgeous and does her part well. <br /> Of course the biggest applause worthy of Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. Akshay is especially expressive in the scene where his doting dad intentionally warns him to make him aware of his responsibilities. Though Bachchan goes a bit dramatic in a couple of scenes, her shiny hits all over the movie. <br /> <br /> For sum up, WAQT is like a soup containing both tasty and nutritional ingredients but the final recipe somehow is not as much appetizing.
