Like his older brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began to cut his teeth into French cinemas with a series of fine sediments: "The Threat" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979) among others. "Python Police 357" is a good example of how Corneau is getting pregnant and she has fired her job at this time in her career. They had a superior movies, painstaking scenarios and a direct sophisticated exploitation for effective relief. <br /> <br /> Ferrot (Yves Montand) The Superintendent is a cop and original method that usually works all alone. She makes friends with a girl Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and she gets to love her while ignoring her having another lover: Her Happiness (François Périer). When the latter learns, he kills him in a fit of anger. Ferrot has investigated the murder and all the clues are inextricably against him ... One could consider that this kind of far-sought story is not exempt from glitches and sometimes one can see the right it but Pedestal pedestal style of the cornea helps to conjure up an atmosphere, domestic atmosphere. The first part of the movie before the night of the murder could seem refreshing and however, it's important for what will follow this key-moment. Corneau falls back on a mild treatment with rarer moment moments and short appearances, the minor character of the visualizer will be seen again during the investigation. In spite of disadvantages, Corneau and his sophistication Daniel Boulanger had anchored a clay story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière) who sometimes expresses his surprise because Ferrot holds a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his superiority knows that he usually works alone. Actually, Ferrot has to find solid tricks for muddy water and exonerate himself. Eventually, the chief idea of ​​the movie Ferrot worries itself. It's a bit cop that has little to lose his identity and finds himself in the heart of a terrible depersonalization. He is excited by the moment when he kicks himself upside down on his face so that witnesses will not recognize him when he faces face with them. <br /> <br /> This group of castles, Orléans effectively increased by Corneau's camera and helps to inspire this thrilling comedy of its pernicious charm.
