Knowing what to expect (on the whole) from a Denzel Washington performance - quality, integrity, gravity, humor - is preparing for what you can expect from its first director. Much like Robert De Niro's A Bronx History, Fisherman Fisher delivers the drama moving to the life of a young man and the effects of his key face in his life. Much like in A Bronx Against De Niro played one of the key figures of the lead character (himself was a character designed to play but was too old too) Washington took a similar role in this as father's advice The title character - a character that looks like it should be played by a Washington from 20 years ago. Be grateful to Washington is too old to play forewarned because if it were we would first become deprived of the beautiful and clever nuance performance it provided as the Navy council. However, more importantly we would not get to see the superb, we can only expect stars to make, turning from Derek Luke to the title role. Inevitably the character comes across as molded in Washington form, however you get the impression this is not just because Washington directs it, not that Luke has tried to copy it, but Luke is as really powerful and think provoking an actor as Washington. It took too long for Washington to receive the Academy award she deserved for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil in a blue dress with the Hurricane, so let's expect Luke not to wait long. Also a great piece of filing was Joy Bryant as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl. While the party could have been a forgettable support or a brilliant 'girlfriend' standard Bryant imbues it with life. Sensitive and intelligent role in stereotypical transshipment and Bryant resides, and makes the party an important and interesting one. It does not hurt either Bryant is possibly the most attractive woman you will see on seluloid this year - the smile alone can thaw the heart colder. Accompanying ability and looks - why not this woman in everything they did now. Provide good support in a role of Salli Richardson as Washington's wife Berta. Say more to a silence or look than many Hollywood actress can manage in a movie all she informs the audience of the storylines ever before any display occurs. As for leading Washington, as I said, it is equivalent to directly in his acting. Taking the story of someone whom some viewers will hear about and make it really interesting is a tough feat that Washington achieves with aplomb. This movie does not run out, but it never feels slow or dull. It measures with nuances, balances the humor and drama perfectly. Celebrating Fisher can not blow you off if you like big, explosive, movie Hollywood films, but for those who appreciate a piece of finely fabricated feature, with excellent performance and duration well-handled direction, this is for you.
