Unlike other comments that commented on this film's ability to outrun races, I think this powerful film provides a complex and deep story that addresses institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs Fisher's story with an eye-catching eye and critics, abandoning this cinematic endeavor in dismantling women's bodies, perpetuating unthoughtful stereotypes, or meeting the expectations of white contemplation. I think this movie might be a bit too happy at the end; However, it deeply entrusts to Afro-American culture and speech to the point that some white spectators can get the feeling of looking at the life of African Americans - Fisher. I have issues with the Naval aspect of the film, but when we look to America, there are not many choices or opportunities for black men who are in Fisher's situation or similar situations. Viewers can go to this movie awaiting a "black film: what a" black movie? "Are the stereotypes of pimps, whores, drug dealers, single parent homes, and making a" black film? "I think Washington as the director recognizes that African Americans and others in color controls and human issues such as abuse and aggression move on to a few. These issues have - historically and today - have only provided light and validity through" Good Has Been Hunting "with other white films; it's high time has been given the same recognition and validity as their white counterparts in and out of the media. Sure say, though, in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke probably have to wait another ten years before getting an Oscar or anything else.They will have to wait until they are direct or star in a movie that perceives the usual statistical racism and sexist to get an Oscar. Merchant award for "Malcolm X," "Hurricane" and others before it's Oscar "Oscar Training." This is not to negate or push aside other great actresses and actors in color that they refuse to praise due to ingenious work But Hollywood would rather send the message that r Asiatic and sexist and ethernetism are acceptable by perpetuating and even rewarding such stereotypes as they appear in countless films such as "American Beauty," "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil," "American Pie," and even "Gone and van an. "Derek Luke is a helluva actor and I wish him better, and all other actors and actors gave superb performances but down, although I'm having problems with Denzel's selection yet another straight-haired, light-skinned sistuh. Everyone should look at this movie, but it may not be for everyone
