This film, based on a true story, comes from first-time directors and actor, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best performances of the last decade, as a black soldier in the Civil War of Glory, and a lawyer in the acclaimed filadelf. And of course, he made special notoriety last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor at Day Training, in which Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the award for Best Actor. I guess Denzel wanted a change in pace, so he chose to be led to Fisher, in which he also stars. Fisher was played by Derek Luke, who is new to silver screen, but has made some appearances on TV shows like King Queens, and will appear in the upcoming movie of Boyer Biker. /> This is a really well-done movie from Denzel Washington, considering it was his first time directing. Without a doubt, Denzel felt some kind of commitment and believed in the real life story of Fisher. Celebrating Fisher is about a young African American in the Navy who constantly gets into battle, and after a particular particular it is sent to see a marine psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps annex to deal with his troubled past and learn to move with his life, not finding his mother's mother who gave him up at birth because he was in prison. What makes this movie good is the fact that it is not overly melodramatic. I was hoping something a little more like Good Will Hunting, and a lot of swearing, fighting with vulgarite. Not that I did not like Good Will Hunting, or swearing, the fight and vulgarity of the movie came from place. Quite the contrary! However, Celebrate Fisher is a true story, and I do not think Washington wanted to streamline the story for dramatically affecting the film. Do not get me wrong, there are moments when we see anew, fight, and have moments when it looks like the world is locked on it. After all, at his first session with his psychiatrist, the character played by Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, with Fisher's response, 'coming out of a stone,' an obvious javelin of the downward pressure on soul Celebrate the Fisher. But I was to appreciate the fact that this film was not sensationalized for dramatically affecting. I think it shows real characters on the part of Denzel Washington delivering a more realistic story and to avoid the typical common folks in Hollywood films, even those based on true stories. Another point that I would like to bring up on the Fisher is to act. Over all, the performance was good in the movie, but not great. At times, I think it was somewhat obvious that the main characters were actors, but in general, complaining about the performance of this movie would be funny. An actress I would like to point out from this movie is Viola Davis. She plays Mother's Assert, but she says barely from the movie's films all but not so much because she looks at the end of the movie, but more because she's in her long-lost trauma, she was found. What I would like to point out about as an actress in the lack of use of it. It's basically a character actress, and I have not seen his play any really elaborate role. He made the onset of traffic, from Sight, Kate & Leopold, and two recent films: away from Heaven and Solaris. In Stewar Soderberg's renewal of Solaris, he plays a scientist on a space condemned toilet orbiting a planet. In that film, he was confronted with George Clooney's character and he was drawn to tears by what Clooney told him in a particular scene. When I first saw Solaris, I remember seeing her worn up in the scene and thinking, wow, this woman can act. It was as if you could feel the grief of the character. In that short shot of his face, he gave expression so much and I honestly felt very sorry for his sad character and problem in the movie. I think it has definite potential as an actress and should be used more often perhaps in leading roles, rather than just as an actress driving character. However, Celebrate Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as always, pulls on a great performance and gives you a great first director. Also, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Famous Fisher will bring his fame to fame for painting it in the troubled man, but I think its popularity is increasing with the liberation of Biker Boyz, also the star of Lawrence Fishburn. Fisher Fisher is based on the book "Finding Fish: A Memoir," by Fostering Quenton Fisher. ***
