"When the time came when the risk of staying tight in a bud was the most painful than the risk it took to flower" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says, "The real journey of discovery lies in not seeing new landscapes, but in sight new. "Author and senarist Fisher entered the US marine to see new landscapes but the demons of his past have prevented him from seeing the world in new eyes. Based on his autobiography "Find Fish" written many years after the events, his story is dramatized by Fisher's Fictional Movie, Denzel Washington's first directive effort. It is sincere whether looking at a little formula in the painful process of moving out of being burned by a past of being able to live life in the present time. <br /> <br /> Required to go to the after-crisis crisis therapy session, the painful aspects of his childhood show in flagship as the antwon of growth (Derek Luke) recounts his life in session with Navy Psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). It is the first to talk, but when it begins, heavy rains are open. After his father was shot at a girlfriend and Anton had been abandoned by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years, suffering from humiliation and sexual abuse. According to the treatment, the treatment by her mother Ms. Tate (Novella Nelson) referring to her only as "nigga" and by her cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross) was in fact much worse than shown on the screen. <br /> The only friend he was is a local named Jesse (Jascha Washington) who, later in the movie, only adds to his feelings of abandonment. It is difficult to build a movie around psychiatric sessions but it has been successfully performed by ordinary people and will be hunting with a great deal more interest but it succeeds here because of the prevailing performances in Washington and Luke, though the film's attempt to complement eleven years in a few months seems somewhat too easy. Davenport's limits and heat, however, allow Fisher to feel secure enough to discuss his hard past and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend who is also in the Navy, supporting him in his struggle to achieve a breakthrough . <br /> <With Cheryl's help with Dr. Davenport's advice, Adheres to developing enough self-to return to Cleveland and start the trip to try and find his mother in order to finish the past. What happened to Derek Luke's unbelievable performance is longing for the Acquaintation to accept, dramatize in a dreadful dream to show off the start of the movie in which he is invited to honor a full banking with those who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said that "people just have to remember what we are all here for: finding our way home ..." Fisher Fisher touches not only on the longing to see a young man getting his way home, but it happens All those who have been crying out to sleep, they do not know the joy of being loved.
