Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Run time: 97 minutes. Class PG. <br /> It was the excellent comedy of the decade. It was the Sir John Gielgud Academy Awards. He even tap in the VH1 "I love the 80." And it looks just as good today as it did on its first release. Arthur is the acclaimed comedy classic about a drunken millionaire (played with enthusiasm and understanding by Dudley Moore in an Oscar-nominated performance) that must be chosen between the woman he loves and the life she has grown accustomed to. While the basic scheme is one great cliché, nothing is frustrating on this companionial combination of intelligent and hilarious mascarade dialogues. Arthur Bach is essentially nothing more than a jerking pretense, but you can not help but like him. Especially when it delivers such lines, "Do not you want me to you? I know I do!" It is also a delimitation from the archetypical film hero: unlike most rich characters we see on the silver screen, it's not ashamed to have been richly saluted. In one scene, a man asks him, "What does he feel like to have all this money?" He replied, "It feels great." Moore pretends this charismatic and charm of a character that would otherwise be okay by his audience. And Gielgud is simply perfect as the arrogant domestic, addressing his masters with extreme censorship in spite of the fact that his earnings depend on it. Arthur is one of those movies that does not try to be brilliant or particularly outstanding: it just comes naturally. The scripts - which also earn a nod to the Academy - are saturated with authentic laugh-out-loud dialogue. This is the kind of movie that, when with a bunch of poker buddies, you quote endlessly with each other. It also looks at its character and sincere sympathy. There was a lot of comedies that attempted to dip into drama not including the death or illness of a principal star (including both Grounds), but some can bring it because we just do not care. Then the movie makes the dubious decision hit by the Butler, it actually works, because we really love those people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is an all-around, non-guilty pleasure. In a period in which the films are getting worse and worse, Arthur reminds us of what he feels like to go to the movies and just have a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - classic
