I remember trying a few minutes in this film, I'm very surprised I did not look all at it, from director Steve Gordon, his only movie directed before dying in heart failure. Basically Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winning, and Oscar nominated Dudley Moore) is the millionaire to be happy with all that he might wish, a castle, a Butler Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe winning, and BAFTA nomination Sir John Gielgud), and many bottle. He is inherited $ 750,000,000 if he married fellow billionth daughter Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), his wife and family were selected, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur finds himself falling for Queens waitress Linda Marolla (Golden Globe nomination Liza Minnelli), which of course threatens the inheritance, and 3/4 of his family fortune from Stanford father (Thomas Barbour ) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After the death of Hobson, Arthur, on the day of the wedding, disobedient to the family's will, but Martha Mat still gives Arthur the legacy to live happily ever after and love Linda true. Also begins Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Dead Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Ms. Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Girls Harriet - Mat, Jan Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Guest Guest. Moore is pretty funny and slightly cringing as the millionaire almost always drinks, Minnelli is likable as the woman she likes, and Gielgud of course makes a great Oscar win impression as humorous humorous humorous moore of sarcastic, a vicious comedy comedy. He won Oscar for the best song for "Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)" (he also won the Golden Globe) (he was number 79 in 100 Years, 100 Songs), and was nominated Best Writing Screenplay written directly to the screen, was nominated by the BAFTA Anthony Asquith Award for Music Film for Burt Bacharach, and won the Golden Globe for Best Movement / Comedy Movement. Sir John Gielgud was the number 35 of the 50 largest British actor, and the movie was number 53 on 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Really good!
