Arthur was still a personal movie for me for two reasons. A good friend of mine who worked on the movie as an extra and helped out with the horses during the stable stage just recently passed away. If you look fast you can see Frank Graham during the restaurant scene in the background while Dudley Moore and Jill Eikenberry are in conversation. Frank was a championship champion and will be missed by all who knew him. <br /> <br /> Secondly though, I actually knew a real life Arthur Bach. He was not quite as wealthy as Arthur, but spent 47 years of his life basically as a kid. Her parents have closely controlled her purse strings, but her rent and utilities have paid for her in a basement apartment in Greenwich Village. He spent a lot of time getting himself intoxicated on various kinds of spirits and making a public spectacle in his head, just like Dudley Moore. <br /> <br /> Marvel and Arthur is why anyone would bother with him the wealth of not. But this is another half of the equation. My friend was someone who was best when you got to know her. In fact it was almost a forced to be good. He could not buy a newspaper or magazine without trying to establish some level of relationship with the dealer. He spent his life being a perfect party guest. The terms Wastrel of common use in the 19th century would apply to him. And that's what Dudley Moore is, a woud. Unlike my friend Moore, John Gielgud has cleaned up after him. This is a full time job as we see in Arthur. My friend also never found a Liza Minnelli, a male Liza Minnelli in fact because she was gay. Moore's imagination of Arthur Bach is extremely dangerous and so real to me. <br /> <br /> Arthur, 20th century Wuster, is being forced to marry another trusted baby fund in Jill Eikenberry. Since it will not work for a living, the threat of cutting is quite real to him. He only has Hobson's chapel played by John Gielgud and Bitterman driver played by Ted Post to pour his troubles. We should all have the problems. <br /> <br /> Jan Gielgud's nearly half century of life certainly did better work than Arthur in film and in fact Gielgud is more prominent known for his stage performance. But 1981 was a year of feeling in Oscar time. The Academy gave Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn Oscars to Golden Pond and Gielgud Best Action to Support the Actor essentially for the work of a lifetime. This was amazing, always in his craft almost at the end. So, Frank Graham has worked in the movie with Jackie Weiss, a genuine real life Arthur, I dedicate this review.
