1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in motion picture. Just as some of the finest films of the silent era are made in every genre, sound came in with - while reaping huge profits from box office - was putting the art of film-making back over five years as the film industry struggled with the new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show people" is one of the great trading days of silence. The film shows that William Haines has had comical skills beyond his usual formula of the overconfident obnoxious guy who looks like everyone else, learns his lesson, and then closes his head by playing the football game, the polo game , etc. This film is also shown in the illustration of Marion Davies did not have Susan Alexander Kane. It has excellent humorous instinct and distribution. This movie starts out as the Beverly Hillbillies-like adventure of Pepper Peggy (Marion Davies) and his father, General Marmaduke Oldfish pepper, fresh from the Southern South. General Pepper has decided that he will leave some lucky studio studio studio to hire his daughter as an actress. While in the studio commission, Peppers are running in Billy Boone (William Haines), a slapstick comedy. He gets Peggy a job to act. She is happy when she finds it is slapstick, but she endures. Eventually he was discovered by a large studio and he and Billy party parties as he began to take on dramatic roles. Soon, the new fame was found in itself, and it is about losing its public and finding a royal title when he decided to marry his new leading leader, whom he does not really like, unless fate a to intervene. > <br /> One of the MGM things that are often done in its late silent-era film and in its early-era movie is the feature shots of how film-making made in MGM circa 1930. This movie is one of these, as we find Charlie Chaplin trying to find Peggy's autograph, an abundance of camera in MGM players during this era including the director of Vidor's head, and even a comedy of Marion Davies as Peggy sees Marion Davies as Marion Davies came to work on the lot. Peggy grimace and mentioned that she does not care for her. Surely a pleasure from beginning to end, this is a silence that is definitely worth while you. This is one of the films that I recommend you use to introduce people to the art of silent movies as it is very accessible.
