This comedy 1981 is always bright thanks to the combined efforts of writers / directors Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon, only in his early fortune, died after completing this film, his only feature. It's a particularly unfortunate loss since it shows a really nimble hand in the face-to-face mascarade that makes the film all unstoppable. It plays almost like a 1930's-style screwball comedy for contemporary taste. The center conspiracy on Arthur Bach, a drunken, playboy reduces millionaire at risk of losing $ 750 million heritage if Susan Johnson is not dowdy and boring, a heritus menpicked by her old-money dad and grandmother dotty . Of course, he does not like it and by chance, runs into Linda Marolla, a waitress working class (and of course, aspiring actress) after he pilfers a tie Goodman Bergdon for his father. The standard complications are drawn hand in the most attractive way with loads of alcohol-powered slapstick executed and classic flushed by Moore. What he does like a charming gate character is a not only credit to his comic talent, but gives Gelgud a feisty, turning acid like Hobson, Arthur's devoted, but real-life swallow. It's the kind of role he can play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson a really memorable character who fears him in the movie brings a welcome shot into the poignancy of the proceedings. In probably his most likable movie role, Liza Minnelli but the photo of her boyfriend co-star does not tone down her usual razzle-dazzle personality and makes Linda quite genuine in motivation. <br /> A pre-"LA LA LA" Jill Eikenberry plays Susan just through the passive-aggressive note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's father on "Seinfeld") steals all his scenes as Linda's model Ralph Dad. The one flying in the smell is veteran actress Geraldine Fitzgerald, who is too much exhilarating at the grandmother. And I must admit that I still can not stand very dated, overplayed Christopher Cross songs that inevitably won the Oscar for Best Songs this year. Unfortunately, the 1997 DVD, certainly in need of remastering, has no value worthwhile except some pictures and production notes.
