I saw Marion Davies in a couple of movies and really could not understand her appeal. He could not dance for peanuts, he did not try to sing and act - he looked into a vision. But I did not see her silence comedy and this movie is wonderful. Rather than kidding his own image, as suggested here, to me it looks like a satire on Gloria Swanson, who started in comedy slapstick, went to photograph women very emotional and ended up marrying a count. Marion, a head mimic, also made a funny imitation rabbit every time he wanted to be seen as grand, that was Gloria Swanson place on press <br /> <br /> Columbus pepper (Dell Henderson) was the way motore from Georgia Hollywood, determined to prove his daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) will be the greatest star ever. Hope to reduce and down in the last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines) with the studios slapstick and promises Peggy to get a job. Peggy thinks it will be a great dramatic actress but the studio thinks it's a fantastic comedy. They persuade him to make the film and in the preview it is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks her autograph but does not recognize her, and treats her very blistering. "Who was that little guy" - when he finds out he faints !!! Peggy and Billy get a call from High Art Studio but only Peggy wanted and suddenly he is on his way. There is a funny scene where he sees a star he does not think so much - it's Marion Davies !!! <br /> It finally gets a chance of being a dramatic actress - but she can not cry! !! It's a hilarious scene as the director tries everything to get it to cry and when it succeeds, it can not stop !!! New man leading it, Andrew (Paul Ralli) convinced her forget the past comedy and become elite and sophisticated - he adopted a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! He seems to have forgotten Billy and his father - he has developed a personality "STAR" !!! When the slapstick studio chooses where the same as "Patricia's movie", Billy is thrilled to see her, but well prepared for her snobby attitude. When she called her a cheap clown she realized that she was not the girl she once knew. <br /> After a luncheon studios (shot a magnificent shot of some of the greatest stars of the day) "Patricia" gets a call from Boss. She looks like her movie is a flop and no theater wants to book - the public is tired of its styling and you want to go back to old Peggy. He and Andrew decided to marry and dream of being a Countess (though Billy says that Andrew used his spaghetti in a little cafe downtown and is no more a count than it is). On his wedding day, Billy's visit and after a hilarious pie pie he realized that Billy is one of her. <br /> It was amazing to see all the stars invited - John Gilbert is seeing going to the gate MGM, Lew Cody is talking to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "Li", but several stunned romance made in the MGM movie. William Haines, another cinema actress I still wanted to see, was great - especially in the cafeteria scene, she had nice comics. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as the comedy director - there were many hilarious scenes in this movie and Marion was at the top of all - I gave this movie 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Very, Very Recommended.
