Returning to the day, if Marion Davies had her druthers, she did not just listen to William Randolph Hearst, she'd made more movie like Montre People and was a lot happier. In fact when you see him get his first big break in two reel comedy, he would have been doing this in his career instead of spice like as Knighthood's time was in flowers with Janice Meredith. <br /> What you are seeing by all accounts in Montre People is the real Davies, a gifted comedy, a superb animated and generous heart. He could really identify with character Peggy Pepper aka Patricia Prepoire, he was wearing and sharing it in complaining of his Hollywood star. <br /> <br /> If the plot of Human Show was put into the legitimate stage you would call it a slider story. I guess they were one of the first movies on the movies you could call it behind the camera tale. Marion is hoping for young people to reach Hollywood like many others, looking for great breaks. He wants drama, but his introduction to these films is like the foil for the comic burlesque. She gets her share of pie and seltzer in the face, but learns to trade it. And he also has the heart of William Haines's comic actor. He finds his first break, but does not come to Haines as well as Marion makes legitimate dramas and actor Paul Ralli, playing Andrew Telfair, a pretend no count count in Avignon. Someone here has taken a shot of actor Lou Tellegen, lover and husband of Sarah Bernhardt and Geraldine Farrar and others and heard say in it, one of the most despicable of the movies. <br /> <br /> Show people being one of the first films have the appearance of the star appearance as themselves. You will find them as folks like Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, Mae Murray, John Gilbert, Eleanor Boardman etc., just being themselves in and around movie settlements. This in itself shows people a movie worth saving. <br /> <br /> Show people also made good use of Panal song songs singing like, not we got fun, I sit on top of the world, You should Surprise, California, Here I come. As the film came out on the cusp of the sounds being presented, a song called Crossroads was introduced to it. It's not a bad number, but there is no credit to the boy and his girl singing in the band. I guess they did not see, he felt no bills needed. Still I would like to know and I'm sure you would be if you are fortunate enough to see People Show. <br /> It's easy to see why Marion Davies liked this movie so much and consider it a favorite person. It seems so at home in this movie and its real life shortages of brightness in its performance making it a real treat for the audience.
