Let me say first that this show was top level when John Ritter was there. When he died, the show dropped a bit, but the producers did not give up on the show, adding James Garner and David Spade to the regular cast from 2003 to 2005. <br /> <br /> The show centers around Hennessy's family, Paul (Jan Ritter, it can rest in peace), his wife Cate (Katey Sagal), their daughter Bridget (Kaley Cuoco), Kerry (Amy Davidson), and their son, Rory ( Martin Spanjers). When Ritter was on the show, I would cry in laughter (and proudly admit it myself), but now that he's gone, I'll only laugh a little with the occasional hearty laugh. I am very pleased that I fall for this vision to show off after the death of the Ritter, because it made the eps and many riders better. <br /> <br /> The character of the Ritter is just to properly and well rounded, that you can not help, but love him. She is still bossing the girls around dating, but she really wants to be happy. He is the ultimate father to hate romantic entertainment. Katey Sagal is great as well, and it is also a characteristic character. After the death of the Ritter, her character has good influence and strength for not only her children, but I believe Sagal has formed the lives of Cuoco, Davidson, and Spanjers, because she and Ritter have been friends for a long time. <br /> Funniest people on the show should do Bridget Hennessy, played by Kaley Cuoco. She is the ultimate blonde: gorgeous, slow, dim-witted, yet she is a smart person. She is on the hilarious wall and humor of her 'blonde' humor and how she herself is. Amy Davidson can find an annoying tug as Kerry, but that's the purpose of his character. The only fault in the show is that the show never really gives Kerry anything to be happy about. It is still after Bridget, and her character feels like she just thrown in there. Martin Spanjers as Hennessy's only son is hysterical, and when Ritter is on the show, it's mostly funny material. When Ritter dies, the show gives some story lines to Rory. David Spade and James Garner are all nothing but laughs, and the occasional side story of C.J., the Spade character. Garner plays Cate's father, as a bit of background information. <br /> In all, I give this show a great review because it's a great show that has been a tragic event to happen to disable it. You will enjoy it. <br /> 9/10 - Spy
