A community pool in Connecticut is the setting for this movie "under the radar" which is good, funny, fun, and appealing. Although he won the biggest movie festival award, the "Big Bad Swim" was not released in horror of theater across America, but was distributed in DVDs, and was shown in theater selectively. <br /> It is unfortunate that the "Big Bad Swim" never has marketing hype in a Hollywood release, considering how many Hollywood sinkers were released this year, such as "I know who killed me." "The Big Swim Swimming," a really good movie independent, had to swim on its own. But in the "Big Bad Swim," actress Paget Brewster is endearing and credible as Amy is a math-to-break teacher professor who is not only being cast by her husband, but also about losing her job and End up taking a player on a new life. TV Soap TVs Jeff Branson - who HOT - plays Noah, reliable, vulnerable swimming profiles that pass the extra pool length to help students overcome their fears and discover what they can learn from their students. Pretty, sexy Jess Weixler (did I just see him in a commercial bank?) Deviously playing Jordan, swimming-to-work that works, one as a pole dancer, the other as a blackjack dealer. His character gives the catalyst for change amongst the ensemble, but is less understanding of the characters, because of a lack of a "back story" or motivation as to why he does what he does. Jordan is young enough to live in the house with a pervasive, video-camera-toting little brother who is spying on it. However, her parents do not show to be involved with her life in any way, which seems odd. There is no mother who has drunken or abusive father here to explain why a normal, attractive girl from a Connecticut neighborhood would choose to be an independent pillar dancer who is basically heading for party parties. <br /> <br /> Despite this quibble, the "Big Bad Swim" succeeds, in big part, because it is a happy, pleasant movie. <br /> <br /> As one might expect, learning to swim is the metaphor for life. Finally, it is best to fly with both feet and get to the swim, rather than sitting on the pile, because life is happening to you anyway. The Big Bad Swim is a great movie date, a big movie dormitory, a great "what I have not seen" movie, and people like it as well as women.
