I had the pleasure of screening the "Big Bad Swim" at the 2006 New Film Festival of Film last week. The festival highlights some of the best independent and non-major films in the past year. It was my assumption that the "Big Bad Swim" was chosen for screening at this festival for the simple reason that he shot locally in and around Eastern Connecticut. However, as credit began to roll I could only think about how well the "Big Bad Swim" compared to other people being playing during the festival. Not far from my list, followed by "Fluffy President", "who killed electric cars" and "Transamerica". <br /> <br /> The Big Bad Swim is an engaging, truthful and often-humorous look at several student education classes swimming and admiring yet troubled instructors with a depth that I have not seen on the screen shortly. Movement character development and line drawn from something as absurd as adult-swimming lessons are working in subtle and endearing ways that I get refreshing. The plot does not beat you on the head and one direction; instead it builds and grows organically with a speed that has been over. I was never bored. I never broke. I've never stepped out of the story on the screen. The humor of the movie is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "Old School". Acting from a relatively unknown actor group was credible and the dialogues never seemed awkward or flawless. It was obvious that a camera's multi-million dollar shot was not all-inspired and clear, but adequate and well-done for the budget. Lighting and film films for film scenes in the outdoor club environment are particularly eye catching because of a more realistic approach than a similar thematic scene found in "closer". I also found films underwater in the class of the down waist seemed to be just as much a portrait of a character as a shot from the shoulders up might be. <br /> I'm sure she's been told about and out of the lot of the independent film industry, but I must say: If the "Big Bad Swim" is not collected for some kind of distribution I would be very disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim" needs to be seen. If you are lucky to see this movie, watch it! Enupointment is impossible!
