Sunday July 16, 8:00 pm Castro, San Francisco <br /> "As a Southern California ou make-up is very Indiana" <br /> <br /> The yammering gossips in Hollywood have managed to send slingshot more than a little mud in the direction of Marion Davies over the years. That he was renowned to release him, was undeserving, is often speculated. Looking at the mawkish pieces drama he often pushed into, this criticism would seem to have some validity. As a comedy however, her star was brightly lit. Left to pursue a career in light comet and slapstick it might have Mabel Normand rivalry. One of his best trips was to Show People King (1928), surviving and so well known largely because MGM completed it and stars became. This coincidence is mercilessly inadvertently rescued what is surely among the best work of its two stars, Davies and that notorious Joe College wisely-cracker, William Haines. The rumor has it to show people who were life-threatening injuries at Gloria Swanson, who began in Sennett's comet and raised grand dramas (and did not think he did not spend the rest of his life reminding everyone!) And von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Accompanying, the comedian studios used in this movie are originally digging Keystone abandoned the previous year (Think of who worked!). Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish pepper (Dell Henderson) drives her daughter Peggy (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood star in the films. These two Hicks countries are unsuspecting fillings for incredible Billy Boone (Haines), "a flower pie artist?" who went down to the cafeteria table in an extraordinary funny entertaining (look for the bit with the nozzle), and then helped Peggy land a part of his next photo. What he thinks is high drama turns out to be screwball, but a job is a job and Billy is convinced he "all the stars must take it on the chin ??". In the preview, Billy and Peggy hit in .. Charlie Chaplin, who asks her autograph! She pushes the fellow to the side with a Billy fears trampling the book and making his sign. Chaplin climbs in her car and Billy tells Peggy that she's just snubbed, so of course, she's faints. It's so funny, considering Davies's character not supposed to recognize this guy! Peggy soon moved on to work in the High Art Studios, renaming it to 'Patricia Pepoire' with poor backyards sheet. Davies does a nice throw-up to a serious actress, and all the adventures are fluttering lashes and trembling mouths. Vidor launches a parade at lunch lunch at a long track injection (and they're all sitting shoulder in shoulders, face the camera!) Including Polly Moran (who's stunning funny play Davies' maid), Louella Parsons (one of the friendly Vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, the comedy duo of Karl Dane (with his arm in a sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal the agent), Leatrice Joy ( Arthur Renee Adoree, Rod (food and smoking) The Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in a dress) Gilbert (who also appears to drive through the early MGM gates of the picture), Norma (Egeww!) Talmadge (looking bitchy and aloof as usual) and Patricia dressed as Marie Antoinette, sandwich between Douglas Fairbanks (as it does a fun trick) and William S. Hart (protecting him from Doug). Billy ran into the High Art crew aside when the comedy troop disrupted his films, and aversible nutty results. Vidor even worked himself in the final scene as the director of Peggy's current production. Also worth noting are Harry Gribbon as the comedy director performing a great cartoon Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as the dramatic director who can not find Peggy crying for his screen test, and then can not stop it once he does , and Paul Ralli as Andrew, his dramatic love interest and a hilarious quater. When his character tries to 'act' it as if Davies is poking fun at all the dramatic dramatic it would be forced into and it's brilliant to make it. While it's Everybody's show is a hokey satirist in 'good ole day' ten years, it remains a very fun example of quality work from MGM, Irving Thalberg, and their tremendous wealth of talent reunited. What a great shame was lost. There are also many too many great films such as Patsy's (1928), Vidor and Davies' hugely successful comedies from earlier this year, languishing in tombs when they could see and enjoy.
