I had the opportunity to see this movie twice at the 2006 Festival Moving Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed her so much that I watched her a second time when she had a screening yet. <br /> <br /> When I think of the movies that are shown in festivals, I usually expect to be nude and offbeat, often with the feeling of an elaborate student project. There is nothing wrong with these types of projects, and I enjoy the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more end-to-end film-making approach. Not "mainstream," I mean more like a movie that produces for national release - In other words, a movie that you would see in a regular movie theater. <br /> <br /> The writing, directing, cinematography, casting and acting of this movie are all totally pro. There is nothing typically independent about this movie. As an aspirational director, I'm always looking for movies that will motivate me to stop procrastinating and push harder to get my career going. This is one of those films. As I watched the Big Bad Swim, my motivation level was incredible. I felt my adrenaline was chasing. The reason I felt this was because I was so impressed with all aspects of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to start writing long-set set-off projects. When a movie makes me feel like that, I know it's really good. This is the first feature-length project from Ishai Setton and I found that I wanted it to be my project. For me, that's really scary. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. It is very good to shoot and direct, and the casting is excellent. Brewster Paget delivers a very credible and rewarding performance. It has a kind of it, a charisma, that really draws you in and keeps you focused on it anytime it is on screen. It makes you feel like you know it personally as a friend. This is a gift. I think the industry is really lacking in using its ability to act more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also worked as a top-notch. I can not say enough wonderful about the Big Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects of all those involved in its production.
