Over the past few months I've collected Voyager season 4 to 7 on DVD (I only had 1 to 3 videos before, because Kes is my favorite character) and they just came to the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on TV here in the UK but had forgotten most of it. Am I satisfied and finished? I think myself. Of course as I fondly would like to see more about what happened to the characters when they got home but left our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to Next There's "everything good?" Implications of the crew in the future, but mostly the commander. A new romance begins in the final (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and the Nine Seven and Knots here), which results in death in the future. I really like "Endgame," just to all characters, Neelix appears although she left the ship of earlier episodes. B'elanna gives birth to his daughter and Tom loves husband. Tuvok is sick but returns home to be healed. Harry was always worried and determined but admired the crucial journey. The doctor, in the future, is well respected by all and finally chooses Joe's name! But of course the Captain has the biggest role, meeting his own future who wants to get the home team earlier to prevent injury. The Borg participates, as they played a massive part of this Voyager period. Alice Krige plays the Borg queen again fantastically, just voicing her and acting the magnificent methods. I feel sorry for Susanna Thompson though, the Borg Queen TV is replaced by the movie Borg queen. Perhaps it was not available though. The special effects are fantastic, borg sub the space center and the borg queen fall apart! It's very tense. Especially when they come out of the Borg suburb corridor and say where they are right where they thought they should be after saying they would have to go through a corridor that leads back to the Delta quadrant. And what a wonderful idea to get inside a Borg sphere for protection, on the DVD special features say it was like the Trojan horse. Voyager could continue. If it were more popular they would have to stick to the original ideas of the crew to realize the boat is their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and children have. Then they could have houses in a movie! <br /> <br /> Overall, Voyager was a bit hit and miss. The sixth season seemed to be one good one followed by less than a good one. Two episodes to put in the Irish Holographic village are awful! My perception of seven of Nine was that he took over, it all turned around around him, that was not true. When it first appeared, season 4 focused on it for too many of the episodes, but it allegedly came out later. And his character is inventive spirit at times, 20 years as a Borg drone gradually rediscovering his humanity. I love it, especially in "Someone Watching Me," "Imperfect," and "Human Mistakes." When Naomi Wildman was afraid of her initially, but then became her friend often around her, which was beautiful. Chakotay has become my favorite character. Gone was the chemistry with Janeway (they will be / are not they?) And you would never think it was the first officer, it was completely pushed aside most of the time. I loved seeing Tom and Bella's relationship blooming against their chances. I still love many Neelix. Tuvok was good at times, especially when he lost his logic, became emotions and was friends with Neelix. Harry was annoying at times but an odd character in other times. The doctor is probably my favorite, see how far he comes up with comedy situations he created ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite captain in any series and you can say Kate Mulgrew is really enjoying it. <br /> I would like to have more, I love Voyager!
