Really, I think this movie is more an example of an easy target than a really bad movie. In fact, the film is done very well in many respects and it is very fun. <br /> Yes, the script is a little complicated, but that's the genre. The film has a noirish atmosphere centered around a fatal fem. Just like all the classic Noir Classic, this is also a scenario that twists you around so that you do not always know how to make sense of it at first, and it can be a stretch if you think too deeply and try to put all the pieces together. That's the genre. In general, the script has enough surprises and turns the viewer to the puzzle, and, in turn, amazed, without abandoning the viewer. Sharon Stone is also an easy target. The truth is that it looks great and it speaks double-entertained dialogue in such a way as zhuzh it's up to something mysterious, sexy and fun. The direction is more than beams, because leaving his face - should you hold an audience interested in "he or she did not read it?" Question for two hours. In addition to a twisty script and a fun performance by Stone, this is done effectively in the direction by the creation of a noirish atmosphere that both are dark and very sturdy and modern at the same time, and the straight line lines are gone along with the sexy curve Stone. The frame is always nice - press pause anywhere and have something interesting in the eye. The film also effectively builds on things that have gimmed into the movie first and turning them into something a little more real, particularly the sex. "Katherine Tramell is bisexual ... how shocking!" gets more substance-of-fact treatments here, and typically, the sexuality of the movie is used best effect. It's always titillating, but it's not so easy for the value of shock and buzz as done in the first. I will not say that it's not always a bit of a gadget because, let's face it, this movie is supposed to be fun. <br /> And a fun movie is it. It can be an easy target, but if you look it for what it is: a noirish, femme-fatale drive, twisty, sexy, did-it-or-didn't-he who-doeit, you're bound to enjoy it (no pun intended).
