So every year there are at least one movie, which has no chance of being a box office success, because at the time of production, even before one simple shot is filmed, picking everyone on this movie ... a long list of these types of movies, and in the end, some are really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have faults, but they are quite enjoyable (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005 )) and then there are a few, which are actually great for what they are, but no one admits! I mean, my gosh, just because the wide crowds have a victim each year they can choose on, not everyone has joined them. So, yes, maybe these movies are not perfect, but why, how many movies are there? Not all films are supposed to be a new Lord in the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy those movies, but I bet more than admit them. Hudson Hawk (1991), who is just humorous, colorful at night (1994), can not be Oscar-worthy, but is definitely not a mute in all thrills and some nice twisting, swept (2002) I thought it was a great blend of humor and a romance of romance, Gigli (2003), which was great entertainment with some really memorable lines and not seriously acted in the entire "Bennifer" -Couple, and this year it's "Basic Instinct 2"! Well, when I heard the rumors at one end of one of my favorite movies I was very sceptically, and although I really loved Sharon Stone I stayed up until I finally saw this movie. And really, I was very positively surprised! I can not understand why it gets such a bad press and a bad one here. It's never been simply the original copy, it has a very clever story, Sharon Stone's tense, action, humorous and humorous stinginess is reflecting the role of his life! With 47 years when shooting the film it looks warmer than many stars in the 20s, but it's more than it was nice, it's brilliant to act, and all looks like, his famous smile, the way he speaks and moves. From the very first frame it's in you can not take your eyes off of it. It's simply a pleasure to watch it as Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors deliver solid performances, too! So I really can not see what's wrong with this movie ... it has a black, thrilling, sexy and brazen look, strong performance, and you've never felt bored! Maybe the story is not Oscar-caliber, but it never even tries to be! It is an entertainment-movie, and by this standard it absolutely delivers in my opinion! So give it a try!
