The big cinemas of the cinemas were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year-old banner might be the reason for "Golden Era" in the genre. There was music before it was, and there was music since ... but the true classic looks invariably made during this period. Singin 'in the rain, an American in Paris, the Band Wagon, seven Brides for seven brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, the King And I, and many others, stand tall as much product care at the age. Perhaps the last great musical of Era Era is 1968 Carol Carol of "Oliver". Freely adapted to Dickens' novel, this vibrant music is a movie version of a successful production stage. He is a beautiful movie, winner of six Oscars, including the Best Photo Award. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives a miserable existence in a working job, his mother who died moments after his birth. After an incident of a meal, he was detached from the worker and finished the employee at a funeral parlor. But Oliver does not solve particularly well in his new job, and night after a few days of trouble. He makes the long trip to London where he hopes to seek his wealth. Oliver was taken under the wing of a child pickpocket called Artful Dodger (Jack Wild) who worked for Fagin (Ron Moody), an elderly thief in charge of a gang of stealing children. Despite the illegal nature of the job, Oliver finds good friends in his new "family". He also made friends in Nancy (Shani Wallis), the most intelligent and most feared girlfriend of the thieves, the Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed) threat. After many adventures, Oliver discovered her true ancestor and found that she is actually out of a rich and well-to-do background. But his chances of being reunited with his real family are endangered when Bill Sikes forcibly exploits Oliver, making him an accomplice of some particularly risky and ambitious robbers. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a brilliant film assembled, always pleasing to the eye and excellently acting does not throw his talent. Moody recreates her scene with considerable fiberglass, stealing the movie from the genes and her energetic performance as Fagin. Lester and Wild do quite too much like the young pickpockets, while Wallis enthusiastically broke out the role of Nancy and Reed to generate genuine despair as Sikes. The musical numbers featuring incredible accuracy and the essence of the Oscar-won Onno White's spectacle - Oscar-winning choreography help make the songs-and-dance series so memorable, but the performers are alive and skilled in Carol Reed's play parties. Inspired melodies include "Food Glorious Food", "Consider Yourself", "You Have to Choose a Pocket Or Two", "I Would Do Anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all extremely enticing songs, targeted across very well put together sequence. The movie is a very fun experience and never really loses momentum on its ever 153 minutes. Sit back and enjoy!
