OLIVER TWIST had conflict as well as success after Dickens published it in 1837. His photographs of life in the ghettos were something shocking and new, and he made the central figure in the novel including criminals was another innovation. /> <br /> One day she was walking in London and spent a young woman she was friendly with. She said hello, but she was rather stiff with her. He could not understand that. A few days later they met again, and asked what he was upset. "Well, if you know, I did not like your last novel." He said. "Really, everyone else thinks so much of it." He was surprised: "What's wrong with it?" "Oh, Charles," he said, "I'm Jewish. How can you make such a character as Fagin?" He did not expect this: "Well ... you know that last year's trial of Ike Salomon, the thief coach, is a model for Fagin and he was Jewish." <br /> <br /> Dickens found that did not solve things. "Yes," he replied, "He received what he deserved, but Charles did not call him the" Solomon of the Jews "as you call the" Jewish "Fagin ... In addition, Solomon did not planned a murder .. Fagin does. " Dickens had to admit that he might have been wearing. He left thinking about what he said. <br /> <br /> Oliver Twist has been published in several editions. Dickens tried to improve on Fagin a bit. Then he got an idea. It transforms the chapter entitled "Fagin's Last Night", which shows the fears of the man as he faced hanging. It also added some additional details. <br /> She leaves her girlfriend friends on his resolution to change Fagin. One day or so later he met him in a friend's house. She looked at her as if she was crazy. "Do not you like the changes?" He asked. "Charles, that change - it's still a cruel evil called" the Jew "!" He replied. "Yes, I kept people in, but you did not see how scary it was in the cell death in prison." The woman noticed this, but she felt that she was so vile she deserved to be suffering from fear. "Ah ... then I was good at that ... and did you see the details I added?" He asked. "What detail?" He replied. "When you first see Fagin now she's cooking herself dinner ... do you read that?" Dickens looked at her expecting a sign of gratitude. Instead the lady looked confused. "I read it was in the fireplace, but I must equip the passage." Dickens smiled as if he was brilliant, "She is cooking a pork sausage for his dinner." "Ah!" He was called. "He is eating pigs, dear ... see - it's not a good Jew!" Her friends looked at her, shook her head, and dismayed her to leave friends. He did not talk to him for many years. Dickens never totally shakes his own bigotries, but the situation led to a partial attempt to amend his last complete novel. In our friend MUTUAL (1865) he has a minor character, Mr. Riah, who is used by an unscrupulous owner to collect high rents from the poor tenants. Mr. Riah will be blaming because he is Jewish. But Mr. Riah is a good person. He is a very good man. It's a very, very, very, very good person - so good to be incredible. If Fagin saw Mr. Riah in action he would probably chase him away with a stick. <br /> <br /> The anti-Semitic image of Portable FAGin this day. It's a Dickies' measure as a novel writer who won the battle. However, in presenting the story about his films, he always causes problems for script writers and directors: how, after the Holocaust, can one make a movie treatment of a worthy novel without inflating prejudice? David Lean showed how no Alec Guiness appeared in one or two scenes that showed a human side and confronting a crowd in the end with true dignity. Sir Carol Reed, in his music version of the novel, made it much better again, due to a rewrite of the original music script. <br /> <br /> OLIVER made in a hit West End hit music in the mid 1960s, and then taken to Broadway where he was again a hit. With a wonderful note by Lionel Bart, including "Food Glorious Food", "I Review the Situation", "Consider Yourself", "Boy For Sale", "Who Will Buy", "While It's Time needs me ", she deserves her success. Reed has done well in casting his roles, including his nephew Oliver Reed as Sykes, Ron Moody as Fagin, Mark Lester as Oliver, Jack Wild as the Dodger, Shani Valais as Nancy, and Harry Secombe as Mr. Bumble. There was no great success in Hollywood for a decade - the latest music to win Oscar in the best photo was GIGI in 1958. OLIVER won it in 1968. <br /> <br /> And Fagin - How to handle eternal problem in the caricature? Well in the musical Fagin by capturing, tried and executed for the committed murder. After all, even Lean showed Fagin tried to control his Confederate in his actions. But here Fagin realizes that it will become too old dependent on this kind of chancy life. Although it lost its treasures (these stolen articles were kept because he knew the values, and admired their beauty), he decided he could reform. It is allowed to do so, accompanied by its faithful acolyte, the artful coup. I do not think Dickens would appreciate the change (his girlfriend may have), but a modern audience certainly accepts it as fitting.
