As a lifetime fan of Dickens, I have been constantly disappointed by the adaptation of his novels. Although his work presents a very accurate re-tell of human life at every level of Victorian England, all of them were a ubiquitous thread of humor that might be both playful or sarcastic as the narrative dictated. In a way, he was a literary cartoonist and designer. It could be serious and hilarious in the same sentence. He was prideful, intense, arrogant, celebrated, modest, and empathised with loneliness and poverty. It can be a cliché, but it was a writer. <br /> And it is the comedy that is so often missing in his interpretation. At the time of writing, Oliver Twister was dramatized in the series on BBC television. Everyone in misery and cruelty is, but not humorous, irony, and wild lamps. The result is just a dark experience, involvement in involvement: the story was recorded by a journalist instead of a novelist. It's not really Dickens at all. <br /> <br /> 'Oliver!', on the other hand, is much closer to the brand. Imitation of Officials is perfectly interpreted, from the candlelight to the mayor of the mayor. The classic stand-off between the bead and Mr Brownlow, in which the law is described as 'an ass, an idiot' could not have been best done. Harry Secombe is an ideal choice. But the blatant violation is also there, firmly indifferent to the state, cold, hunger, poverty and loneliness are all present as surely as the Master wants. <br /> Then there are crimes. Ron Moody is a treasure like the Jewish Fence, also Oliver Reid has Bill Sykes for Perfection. <br /> <br /> Perhaps not surprising, Lionel Bart - himself a Jew from east London - takes a liberty and Fagin by re-interpreting him as a better benign fellow than the original Dicken. In the novel, he was absolutely ruthless, sending some of his own boys to the public place in order to protect himself (even if he was also caught up with hanging). Whereas in the movie, it is presented as something of a father-face aspirant, a sort of charitable stepfather rather than a child abuse, the latter being a long-standing anti-Semitic sentiment. Otherwise, very few libraries are taken with the original Dickens. All the most memorable elements are included. Just enough threats and violence keep up to ensure narrow loyalty at the same time allowing for children's sensitivity. Nancy is still beaten to death, Bullseye narrowly save walnuts, and Bill Sykes gets a pretty graphic coming-uppance. Each song is excellent, even though they are leaning toward schmaltz. Mark Lester mimes her beautiful. Its both with my favorite scene is the one in the world to come alive in 'who will buy'. It's schmaltzy, but it's Dickens's and in. <br /> I could go on. I could praise the beautiful pieces, the rich and poor contrast. There are top-quality acting in more British regulars than you could shake a stick at. <br /> I must give it 10 points, but I feel more like Scrooge today. Soak it with your Christmas dinner. No original has been best achieved.
