Almost too well done ... The "John Carpenter Vampires" was fun, a solid piece of popcorn entertainment and a small budget enough not to be overrun by special effects. And obviously aiming at "From sunset to sunrise" -audience. "Vampires: Los Muertos" trying to even begin with a rock-star Jon Bon Jovi playing one of the main characters, but doing so pretty well ...: I have not seen Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie, I can not compare his acting "Vampires: Los Muertos" to his other roles, but I was really suprised in his good performance. After the film began to convince I do not expect him to grab any guitar and play "It 'my life" or something, but kill vampires, showing no mercy and doing a job that must be done. That means a lot, because part of the audience (also me) was probably thinking: "... just because it's a rockstar ...". Of course Bon Jovi is not James Woods but to be honest: It could be worse, and in my opinion Bon Jovi did a very good performance. The Vampire Play by Arly Jover is not leather dressed killer-machine in a vampire leader we met in Part 1 (or in the same way as "Ghost of Mars"). Jover plays the very seductive and very sexy vampire, moving as lithe as a cat, attacking as fast as a snake and dressing in thin, almost transparent to erotic fabric. And even optical effects support its quality of movement very well. It really takes some beat. But the director is in some parts of the film just to avoid turning the film from an action-horror film into a sensitive horrormovie like the "Nosferatu" Murnau. You can almost see the director's temptation to create a movie with a very personal and distinctive note of the original. This is the real strength of the film and at the same time its weakest point: the audience celebrates fun-bloodbath in the first movie is probably waiting a pure-blood pleasure for a second and can be a little little shame. Make no mistake: "Vampire: Los Muertos" is a fun-bloodbath but it's just not all this kind of movie. Just think of the massacre in the bar compared to the scene in which the vampiress tries to seduce Zoey in the ruins: The bar massacre is what you expect from American popcorn entertainment, the seductive Zoey-in-the-break-scenes is pure The great European movie like this (the film is eager to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the Vampiress, but denying answers at the same time ..... because it would have slowed down the action? The audience has shown a vampiress and a past people, an animal now suffers and not only an animal that is just killing anybody). And it's the point for me who decides whether the movie is accepted by the audience of the original movie or not. And also: Is "From west to east" -audience really will love this? I'm not sure about that. But Tommy Lee Wallace was really a good work, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is amazingly good. But I also think to direct an end to a Wallace popcorn movie is almost too creative, too expressive. Like she kept herself in developing her talent in order to meet the expectations of hearing. In my opinion, Wallace's talent is full of films and life and may sometimes suck it out at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost too well done. (I give it 7 of 10)
