In the first three films of Frank Sinatra, he was purely a specialty act: officially playing himself, he simply shows up to crown a song during a nightclub sequence in someone else's movie. In his fourth film, very enjoyable 'Higher and Higher', Young Blue Eyes transitions into a career acting does not play an actual role ... a job made easier because he plays himself in a fictional story giving him a chance to croon a few numbers. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's entry is quite funny. Michele Morgan heard a knock at the door and asked who was there. Outside, a Hoboken-toned voice responds to 'Frank Sinatra'. Make sure ... <br /> <br /> The opening credits of 'Higher and Higher' can be confused by some viewers, as the names of composers Rodgers and Hart are evidently displayed. In fact, they only contributed a song to this music: 'Disgustingly Rich', which cast managed to send as a sort of intro to a totally different song, 'I'm a beginner'. Interestingly, Rodgers & Hart songs - one of the weakest - is perhaps the least enjoyable song of this film score; Many others are alive-tempo numbers, better 'It's a more important thing', 'when it comes to love, you're on your own' and 'I've seen you first'. <br /> <br /> The good sinatra of this movie, but it would do better work (and sing better material) elsewhere. The real dwellers of 'Higher and Higher' are turning their delightful by some performers who rarely made films. Paul and Grace Hartman was a very popular husband-wife team that has starred in Broadway Broadway: dancers are truly graceful and have plenty of physical comedy in their dance material. (Here, Grace makes a big kick that hit a shoe from Paul.) Grace Hartman, who died in cancer age 48, made almost no movie work, so it is a real pleasure that this film gives us a rare chance to see her close-up, hear her beautiful voice and notice how sexy she looks in her maid uniform. After Grace Hartman's death, her husband had a long career as a character actor, just occasionally dancing solo. (Or along with Ken Berry in one memorable 'Mayberry RFD'.) Also well-attuned to a maid's uniform here in 'Higher and Higher' is the living young singer Marcy McGuire. Why was not this talented girl doing more movies? Perhaps it was just a bit too similar in personality to Betty Hutton. I enjoy Hutton's performance but I love Marcy McGuire even better. Near the 'highest and higher' end there is a bit entertaining of physical business featuring McGuire and Mary Wickes as waitress, taking it in turn to move from table to table in a nightclub. Strides are alternate in short McGuire and Wick Gawky hilarious tallies! Unfortunately, although Leon Errol plays a major role in 'Higher and Higher', it is given almost no comedy business: not once it makes its famous rubber-legged dance. Jack Haley, despite his important bills, is also wasted. <br /> <br /> Very well-represented here is Dooley Wilson, inevitably remembered as Sam from 'Casablanca'. In that movie, Wilson made his own song, but he did his keyboard performance in 'As Tan Goes'. (In real life, Wilson could not play piano.) Here 'Higher and Higher', it sings fun and gives some fun reaction to other players. Less enjoyable is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives a rare movie performance here, touching his dialogue heavily but never doing any of the keyboard comedy that he later made successfully in his scene show. Forget it. 'Higher and higher' is nobody's idea of ​​a 'big' music, but it's an enjoyable enjoyment, and I'll rate it 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who worked in Britain as well as in Hollywood, deserved to be much better known.
