Spoilers ..... <br /> I saw the original on TV sometime ago and remember this production as less attractive than most drama Beeb's drama dramas. I rewatched on DVD this week and still have the same impression in it. It's a good story at first, but failing when the heroine gets oh so terribly brave and noble and returns to her hurt husband when she is sick and I got so totally irritated with his liking. I think this was "the right thing to do" when writing the story as well as contributing much to anger, and it was difficult for a woman to be independent of her husband as marriage made him no more than possession He is alone carrying on scandals and a guy as I expect a lot of the modern audience would like to see. But it's hard to take the santimoniousness nowadays and especially when this heroine has a strong, admirer brave ready to defend it against anyone and everyone. So, the re story like in the movie I'm equivalent. It's quite like the novel but somewhat disappointing as every day today in life. <br /> <br /> Extreme hero Gilbert was certainly a saint to set up with his ladylove in varied and often cryptographic and persistent self-denial behaviors and to be so always supportive. So I felt it's a great shame that when Helen was at last last free to be with him, the script did not allow him a bit more than about a minute to fall on each other for a quick hug before The titles have come. This was completely ridiculous when we were waiting all this time in all that sentiment flow over the undeserving husband for a decent bit of dialogue and a good embrace between heroes and heroines. Instead, the finish was as if the movie makers were running out of time or finances or just could not bother. "But you are - one minute, do what you can in that, then cut as the director wants to go home right now ....." I left feeling totally dissatisfied. <br /> However, the very High Commander Act of Toby Stephens a perfect and very beautiful hero, and Rupert Graves a gorgeous nasty and self-pity guy. Tara Fitzgerald was unsatisfactory to the limitations of the script that forced her to a depressed and rather temporary victim at the time. <br /> <br /> That said, I love these classic plays and virtually all of them are a better eye than many of the "modern" dramas on TV these days. So 7 stars because in spite of the irritation it's still a good look.
