I saw this first mini-series a number of years ago on British television, and were immediately captivated by the story. This rather surprised me as I'm not a big fan of either 'Jane Eyre' or 'Wuthering Heights'; I consider the heroine of the former to be a self-righteous, and piece of letter to work as Clarinet Blatter. <br /> <br /> 'Resident of Wildfell Hall', as the aforementioned works, is also somewhat depressing in part. However, the darkest part of the film was offset by the excitement of Helen's escape, the wild and beautiful wildlife of Yorkshire, and the sexual magnetic of Toby Stephens. This film successfully shows the frustratingly restricted form of all women of the time. At best they suffer from a minor tyranny form as described by the women's treatment of the Markham home. At the other end of the scale, the unfortunate Helen is married to a wealthy real estate but is exposed to brutality and alternate humiliation and long period of negligence. She runs and experiences a brief moment of freedom, but, as a woman of mystery living alone in a rural community, she inevitably becomes the subject of clumsy gossip and speculation. Tara Fitzgerald is excellent as the time-Prepare Helen Markham. Not only incredibly beautiful (in spite of the terribly unflattering hairstyles) and the most amazing apples, it is also more than able to play the central role of the movie. Tara is showing dignity and steadfastness, while at the same time, allowing us to see that Helen is still dangerously vulnerable. Grave Rupert is amber, but Arthur Huntingdon's curious appeal - after seeing it, I can never imagine another actor playing this part. Pam Ferris deserves special mention of his role as indulgent mother Gilbert, as the actress who played his sister Rose, and Simon Carter who is the uniccherable vicar with a taste for good things in life. Finally, I could watch this movie for Toby Stephens alone; It is so good-looking, rugged, sexy, sensitive (but not in a nauseatingly sentimental manner). I am not sure if she is a good actor as my hormone prevents me from judging her goals! <br /> If there is a fault with the movie it is the use of flashback that I felt both interfere with the flow of the story and it made it a little confusing. Others, who watched this movie with me, also had problems with that, and I found myself explaining that certain scenes were in reality retrospective. to make this movie. Not only did I poke the video (a rare incident), but it led me to buy the superb novel Anne Bronte. Of course, this was better than the movie, but only by a narrow margin. I recommend that anyone interested should watch the movie and then read the book in this order. <br /> <br />
