People from Snowy River II do not re-invent the wheel but are a beautiful crowd movie that hits some great scores. <br /> <br /> For those fans wanting the elements that made the original Man from a film movie a hit, (spectacular breathtaking, sweeping, romantic sweet and cracked action) this movie really delivers. This story chooses up to some years since the end of the first, Jim (Tom Burlinson) has gone gathering his wealth into a little bit of stock horse. He returned to pick up where he left with his well-breed Jessica sweetheart (played by Aussie Wine Lady Sigrid Thornton) who constantly tries to break from his corseted excavation over his animal cattle station (Harrison is now playing by Indian Brian Dennehy). The Jim film and characters that shave the draw are well-to-do in the snapshot Alistair Patton (Nicholas Eadie) snobbed with Jessica. Add to the mix some social tensions that surround the expansion with the stallion and a bad mood from the movie first and that is the plot. The best thing about this movie is the act. Tom Burlinson adapts tightly to Jim Jim's Jim Hats and laconic humor. Sigrid Thornton is a beautiful heroine and the two managing some real-world chemistry on screen. Filling the solid shoes at Kirk Douglas will never be easy with Brian Dennehy stomps and talk, but never feels very authentic in this part. <br /> <br /> The music is smooth and lush and the cinematography could be a roll out of a Victoria Bowl bowl. There are moments however that feel very independent, as the director wants just one more helicopter shot in the riders to show how gorgeous the landscape is without some personal human personnel. A little more gravel would have been enough here, we are Aussie, we can take it !! There are some very JAWish and Stallion moments that challenge beliefs. However the funny thing about this movie is that amongst some brilliant clichés, there are some really inventive and touch scenes. Jim puts the appliance on the stallion (VERY horse Whisperish before its time) Jim and Jessica set up home, the fabulous scene where Jim shows up Alistair's ups and rattles his confidence. I can see why this character is like an icon. <br /> All together a very fun end. Here's hoping everyone involved is willing to make one another. Man from Snow III: The Craigs. I'm sure we would like to see how Jim and Jessica are doing their firm. The DVD DVD has a couple of extra scenes in it. Worthwhile if you're already a fan.
