"Creep" is a new horror movie that, without a doubt, will please many genres fans simply because it's so down to the point and dishonest! It has many sample-shock samples, a whole lot of gore-sequence reluctance and a rare claustrophobic tension. What it did not have is logic with a solid draw but, tell you the truth, that did not bother me for the second time. When the credit ends, there are still many questions that are unanswered to think about Christopher Smith's (director / director) director (her first) really prefer to focus on tension and adrenaline-ranging actions instead of long sophisticated speech and theory that could explain existence at the "Creep" at the London subway. The story turns on the young and expansive Kate, who left his own party in order to go and meet the famous actor George Clooney who in his new movie presents. He falls asleep on the train, misses the last train and finds himself trapped in the underground train network. Things really get frustrated when it encounters a crazy crazy-havoc that stays in the old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experiment. Even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewer-workers can not save him from this raven monster! I really searched the creep-character! It is nauseating, horrible and primitive but in a strange way fascinating. Christopher Smith only leaves us with suggestions and suggestions, and it's just up to the viewer to guess this beast's origin and background. I rule this is not very original, and I'm sure many will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and I think it's the best way to go over the top completely, "Jeepers Creepers" style (which Films in particular started out as great as well, but as soon as the Creeper's identity was clear it turned into a very hideous effort). The obvious-to-love aspect is the outrageous gore! There are some serious clogs in this movie and the make-up, as well as the sound effects, are very compelling. The menacing setting of abandoned London train is nighttime effectively used. There are also some current-talent present in this movie, and Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returns to horror graphics almost five years after the film "German Anatomy" film. Creep is terrific entertainment when you're in an undemanding mood and Christopher Smith is definitely a director I'll keep an eye on. Make sure you do not have to take the right train after watching this movie.
