This is a bit shocking; not perfect by any stretch of the imagination but tight, competent and disturbing. An excellent example of a simple idea developed in a compelling 90 minutes script. <br /> The setup requires no bell and whistles, no long displays or storytelling stories come back; Kate (Franka Pontente), a young German business woman living in London, is also spreading in the waiting for the tube in the past. She got up to get the desert place, but quickly came to realize that she is far from alone. Somebody, or something, is down with him and his intent is utterly bad. <br /> In fact he encounters several other characters in his quest to survive, including a lecherous work colleague, a homeless couple and a seafood worker, all who add speed and substance to the plot. There is a somewhat awkward speed change somewhere in the middle of the film when frost tension mutations at Gore fest, but nothing so clumsy to slow down the speed of hustle. For those of you with this weak disposition is likely to be a harrowing ride; For those of you who love a little to properly execute karnal destruction this should squeeze all the right buttons. The highest point in the film is perhaps less successful than the main body of the movie, but it is ponctuated with a nice moment of unexpected social commentary that gives a satisfied conclusion. <br /> Some may find themselves feeling a bit cheated in a clear explanation as the exact nature and history of the threat encountered by Kate and his Confederates however, for me this was not the case . A horror movie writer should not have to feel allotted to my everyday duel and cross each other, in the same way a political writer might expect. There are enough hints here to give you a very clear idea of ​​what has brought this evil into existence, making a detailed and definite solution to superstitious. The retention of a certain sense of mystery is to be welcomed and reminds us that in this movie the ride has always been more important than the exact destination. <br /> <br /> I understand that the budget for this movie was, to say at least, minimal, in this case our applause for this British horror should be all the strongest, so there is no point Only the impression on the cutting edge or the failing effect is saved. If this sounds like your movie type then it probably is. Buy a ticket and board aboard.
