Emory is a Cincinatti steel worker like his father before him, and for most of the 20th century the twin poles in his family's existence were steel mill and the union. The mill, which once worked 45,000, saw its number decreased to 5,000 lately and now 1, as the plant just closed its doors, leaving a single security guard. At first, Emory recently worked with his palm to enjoy their independence, hanging out of town and carousing at their favorite bar, where they came down "charging depth" and abandoned negligence. They think that the mill will be reopened after listening to their repetitive optimism, but reality begins to flow in when they find themselves selling their own car in a struggle to put food on the table and indicating foreclosures. Emory's father - a dedicated union man - is to ensure that the plant will reopen and recall his son all closed shortly for his 35 years at the factory. Meanwhile, some of the unemployed people have prevented job-making or hop into their trucks and taken into a desperate search for employment. Last but not least, the union admitted its helplessness, as Emory explains her father weak that times have changed and that the factory never opened again. Emory tearfully asked, "What have I done wrong?" As a lifetime of hard work and devotion to work, unions, churches and relatives left it with anything and nowhere to turn. He hit the rock from a drunken rage and manhandles his son and struck his wife on the floor. Tossed out of his own home and keen in commenting the plant manager that he and his men do not work hard enough to justify wage checks, Emory recruits steel workers still left in town to do something that will demonstrate all of them can. Early in the morning they break into the factory, fire up the furnaces and work harder than ever to have in their lives, producing in one single change the high-quality steel pipe to fill the docks loaded from the wall wall, top to bottom - something the thought manager thought was impossible. <br /> <br /> Arriving at the suddenly-reopened plant, the stupefied manager gathered around him in the tremendous production that came from one day work, realizing that production like this could be the plant profitable again. The manager asked Emory: "Can you do this everyday?" Emory is forced to shake "No" and the manager asks: "Then what did you try to prove?" Emory explained that decades of hard work, honesty and devotion to work were meaningful and did not show how much they could produce in one day "We just spit in your eyes." Emory announced tearful to his wife and children as he took off with his buddies to look for work down the sidewalk, promising to move the family when he found it. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment of the combat of American workers moved by foreign competition and provides a realistic view of the cost to bring the short-sighted concession-demanding union with property owners Greedy that extract every penny could come from factories, but they never give them back by upgrading them. Peter Strauss as Emory, Jan Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his college-boy brother, Pamela Reed as Emory's companion wife and John Doucette as his father all turned to excellent performance in this fine picture .
