When I first heard about the title, I thought of the 'Simpsons', just like many other reviews, but when I saw the cast, I was totally stunned, that many great character-actors would actually be in this ! First of all, we have Christopher Walken (Deer Hunter, Pulp Fiction), who plays the title character, McBain. It is delivered to a Vietnam POW-camp by some of its buddies, one of which is Santos (Chick Vennera, Yanks), which divides a DOLLAR BILL and McBain BANK (Vietnamese soldiers packed cashfully), and say 'that he can re-make his favor, if he ever gets into trouble. Then, 18 years later, Santos and his sister Christina (Maria Conchita Alonso, the Man Running, Predator 2) joining the rebels in Colombia trying to get rid of the evil dictators, El president (Victor Argo, taxi driver King of New York), and when Santos failed the mission, Christina went to McBain for help. <br /> McBain then asked her good friend 'Vietnam girlfriend to help her. First there are black navy blacks, Eastland, played by Steve James American, who was also filmed by James Glickenhaus's film director, "The Extremist", where the real name of the exterminator was also Eastland, coincidence? I think not. There is also a lot of other references to the Exterminator, among other things, one of the most notable features that McBain himself puts a Welders-mask when Christina sees it for the first time, when it works on a hammock top job ! The other guys in the Vietnam-Package are: The rich guy who can pay all sorts of equipment for the team, Frank Bruce (Michael Ironside, Total Recall, Vessel Container), and then there's the doc, Dalton, (played by Jay Patterson, who does not seem to the IMDb guy who is connected to, I have not seen him in other movies, so who knows), and last but not least, there's cop, Gill, who who had enough of his unsatisfactory work, was played by Thomas G. Waites, which some of us would remember from the warriors and the stuff. <br /> And in other big roles, we get Luis Guzmán (Boogie Nights, Carlito's Way), as a temporary-drug dealer who can not find a decent job. Also, Dick Boccelli as Kingpin's drug-who gets hung up in a technique on top of a roof by the McBain-gang, almost exactly the same way he hung up on a meat mill by John Eastland in the EXTERMINATOR movie! Now I have not seen Glickenhaus' "Shakedown / Blue Jean Cop again, but I'm almost ready to bet half a dollar bill that Boccelli gets hung up in that movie too! <br /> Well, back to the plot of this movie .. go to Colombia and save the day, yay! But who cares about the plot anyway, the cast is great, and the action-scenes are very well done and you're never bored while watching this movie! Very recommended for all action lovers!
