First, an explanation: Despite my title, I give this movie only 8 stars because in general this is NOT one of the best films ever to do. All critics registered here have valid points. Also, be advised to enjoy the script you really need to appreciate Neil Simon's brightness and find the understanding of the true human human. He has a clear New York ears for dialogue - especially circle, Jewish, smile of love love - and if you have problems accepting sarcasm as an expression of love, then you may have problems accepting the optimism in the heart of films that . <br /> So much for warning. Here's my main point: Walter Matthau is flat-out perfect, even beyond perfect, in this movie. I have never seen him funnier, or more touched by that matter - because at the same time that it shows us the hilariousness of this character who refuses to give up its great Star-self image or incompetent mood as it is spouse It is in decline, it also shows us the most vulnerable, maybe even passionate people inside the lying. And it only barely shows us that sad part - it's just enough to really get you if you happen to be struggling with your mental decline or the current husband (I mentioned this as a warning), but artistic In just enough Pathos gives that character the most authentic deep root I see to possibly any movie performance. This is beyond the method of acting - Matthau's performance is exquisite as character work and a better fun comic delivery. This is a masterpiece of funny acting. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: I personally find her acting annoying in general, and her work in this movie is no exception - although she has some fine moments here. ("Chicken is funny ...." is one of them.) So, if you like it, you would like it here, and if you do not film this will not change your mind. About Oscars 1976 ... I agree that Matthau was unfortunate to be attacked by Nicholson at the "Cuckoo Nest" this year. It was a year-round killer for competition-leading actors; if only there were Oscars apart for comedy and drama, then I think Oscars the best actors would go to Al Pacino for "Dogs Afternoon" and Walter Matthau for the "Sunshine Boys" - Not to Work Lovely Jack as McMurphy, but I think Pacino and Matthau were each CLEARLY more masterly and astoundingly efficient and outright performers legend than Nicholson was this year. Also, I believe Burns has received the Support Act Oscar more for sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance - I mean, it was good in this movie, but not that good. (Burns in fine-as-ever, but unexceptionally-in-head back to Brad Dourif's biz bit show truly brilliant first of the "Cuckoo's Nest," not to mention Chris Sarandon's first stunning "Dog Day afternoon "- which I think proves my theory.) <br /> <br /> Oscar theory aside, here's my line line review: If you like Matthau's funny actic, then see this movie with his powerful emotional tune and grandmother-inspired gestures, facial passages and seemingly unscripted passages. (But if you're currently dealing with the pain of looking at someone's old lost grip, then they warned that this movie might either comical humor you need or a too painful reality dose they look now.)
