I first read the Pearl S Buck novel in my classroom's ninth grade, and I enjoyed each typing page of it. It was almost inevitable that Hollywood would get his hold, considering that he did in 1937, the results are excellent. <br /> <br /> Certain things to be accepted: in 1937 there was no question of Asian casting actors in a great Hollywood movie. In such a way that the product is finished rather more interesting than if they could use a more authentic-looking cast. <br /> <br /> With that obstacle overcome, executive producer Irving Thalberg and director Sidney Franklin (among others) took the problem by hand-picking a splendid and stellar cast. Paul Muni plays Wang Lung. Muni was at the peak of his power as an actor during this period, and he could very nearly play anything and put his spirits. Once you get past the makeup (it's good, but no one will really mistake it for a Chinese man), his performance has all the verisimilitude of his best work. Then there is Luise Rainer. Coming to an Oscar win the previous year for his performance at ZIEGFELD at GREAT, the Viennese actress star was on the rise and gave the role of plum in the O-despite his lack of experience in Hollywood. His performance won him a second Oscar second, the first time in the story. Many criticisms were brought to Rainer's performance, and won her Oscar here. He was named wooden and one-note. There is a little truth in that. However, being told, all you need to do is go back to the book. For Rainer, but not Chinese, played the O very beautiful as Buck writes it; It is in fact a splendid performance, and one of the best transfers in screen books I've ever witnessed. As for the rest of the cast, well this was MGM. They had the largest list of stars and actors characters in Hollywood at the time, with a great budget to pay for the better, and at the end they got the best. The movie Wang Lung's Wang Lung wedding is a bit. In the novel, and wealth comes the conspiracy of the body and it takes on a concubine, a movement that devastates his wife, but his feelings as a woman only does not concern him. In the movie, a counter Wang Lung returned to his wife on the deathbed of the pearls he took in his previous year, to realize too late that he loved him. <br /> <br /> Corny, yes. But this Hollywood. Considering the obstacles that have arisen against, the film might be quite open in screams of laughter. But despite the apparent hunger of real Asian at the disposal, this film worn surprisingly well with the passage of seventy-three years. In fact, the most amazing thing about this film is how good it is, when it might be so easy to have a disaster.
