What Irving Thalberg made in this movie today would never try again. Perform a Chinese story with Western players even though they are in the caliber of Paul Muni, Luise Rainer, Charley Grapewin, and Walter Connolly among others. Maybe it's part because the story was written by a western Pearl bell who received a Pulitzer Prize for his novel in 1932. Mrs. Buck Buck, daughter of Chinese missionaries, probably brought China closer to awareness in America than anyone else. By struggling politics in China, but life and work of everyday people we find in the right soil. Unfortunately later, Pearl Buck became an apologist for Kuomintang China in Chiang Kai-Shek in all its virtues and excesses. The rest of her literary production has never matched the good earth. <br /> <br /> In the Sundowners there is a great description of China's comparisons in Australia by Peter Ustinov. When asked the difference, Ustinov said China was very large and very full of Australia was very big and very empty. That's what you see in the Good Earth, China is very big and full of people, more than it can deal with at times. Good Earth tells the story of Wang Lung (Paul Muni) as a young man who bought a wife from a large house where he was a slave. The O-Lan woman (Luise Rainer) brings her two sons and sees her in all the times good and bad, drought, hunger, revolution, and a bad climate cricket. Luise Rainer won second in Oscars to show O-Lan. It may have put some kind of record in that it has to be the performance of leading players Oscar and the small amount of dialogue. Everything he does practically does with facial expressions, his performance could have been on a silent film with subtitles very minimal. I think that only John Ryan's daughter Ryan had less words and played a mentally retarded man. <br /> <br /> Muni is not always appreciated of how his support is in the dominant culture of men. Rainer helps in the farm, bears and raises the kids, doing housework. When Muni gets a man of property he takes a second wife to Chinese who causes him a lot of grief. Still Rainer stoically bears it all. Still Muni is not a bad man and he is a tribute to the movie and acts him and writes the buck that you do not hate him and the difference the culture is bridged. <br /> We've had a group of Oriental players now doing more than just Kung Fu movies. I wonder the good soil of all films has not been remade at this point. I will bet the Chinese government would even let some American companies make it to the current location. <br /> <br /> Until then we had this great classic to appreciate and enjoy.
