just see this film exquisite 1982 back in the soldier, based on Rebecca West's novel. It's a Captain-shocked Captain forty who does not even tell his wife he returned to British land, but stayed at a hospital in London. He loses his memory, he is a boy again, with a persistent yen for his lower-level ami chasing 25 years earlier. It's a delicate story. She is intrusive in her childhood, while reading the discovery of her husband is an unbearable society, aspirant who wants her to resume her place of societies. Living with them is her cousin Jenny, who likes Chris Baldry the soldier, when they grew up as playmates, but was established in spinsterhood. The lower class woman, played by Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Gray. She is SHE advised that Chris is back in England. Chris' wife Kitty is shocked when Mrs. Gray comes to tell him that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is vacuous and snobbish. Why, she wondered, was this other woman sending a telegraph on Chris rather than her? Chris has totally forgotten about Kitty. She wants to renew her relationship with Margaret. Margaret's now married is reluctant to meet her, but then and she continues to meet with her. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that temporary happiness Chris and Margaret will disappear if he 'heal' him. Jenny realizes how blank Kitty is for Chris and forming a secret marriage alliance of Margaret. They are both in love with it. Jenny wants to help. The end of the Kitty movie reveals that Chris and he had a boy who died five years ago. Said Chris this, pressing the shrinkage, will certainly restore it to 'normal'. 'But is this a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty have ever been married, are the ignorance of their children and the death of the child. The psychiatrist, just learning of the child, believes these awareness will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris all themselves because Kitty believes that she is faking and refuses to accept Chris's disease in returning to her youth in his quarantine. The movie leaves him mainly from consideration regarding what to do with Chris. But Jenny and Margaret, in the bedroom perfectly kept the room - and Kitty also in the novel, but not in the movieplay - discuss what they believe should be about Chris from their perspective. Margaret is one of the critics here, because, though married, she has half fallen in love with Chris again. Jenny's social status, Jenny believes, will be threatened if Chris is not right himself. It does not reveal this to Margaret, however. Margaret decides, looking ahead, that Chris can not keep his fantasy over time, but must return to something like a real life. While Kitty and Jenny look over from the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris out and tells her of his lost son. The great head victims of the war victim, slipping his shoulder, it looks far. He walks toward the house. I read some critics in this first novel in Rebecca West. The novel was written after the first war. The movie is never clear that Jenny is her cousin or sister. It would be more vibrant if it was his sister, of course. The criticism does not make it clear either. I'm sure West in his novel, making sure Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller nor An Anais Nin, whose book is unseen (about his relationship with his father as an adult to get even with him for his dreams as a child) I consider reading but then decides . The author Rebecca has a need to restore Chris as well. She also has the forefront of the novel of his novel excoriates first, but finally embraced once more.
