'The Shop around the Corner (1940)' is a beautiful romantic comedy, not the sort that I'll keep my love until the end of my day, but whilst a movie deserves its reputation. By 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch has long been Hollywood to take storms, and his famed "Lubitsch Touching" became a brighter commercial marketing. This film was planned for a 1939 release, but scheduling conflict meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were available for filming. Instead of replacing either of his main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, in the meantime led Greta Garbo in 'Ninotchka (1939).' When it finally ended, the 'Around Corner Shop' seems to have met with relative indifference, nominating Oscar nomination despite a simple screen by Samson Raphaelson and fine performance in its two conductors and Frank Morgan in a support role. Time, however, has betrayed the massive and indirect influence of the film, with high-profile remarks including 'In the Good Summer (1949)' and 'You Received Mail (1998). Its surface, one might assume 'the shop around the corner' simply be the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other without knowing it. However, Lubitsch's film runs much deeper than that. It's Matuschek's story and company, a stylish gift shop in Budapest, and various human relationships that make the store like a close-knit family. When shop owner-owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect his oldest employee in dealing with his wife, we witness the decomposition of two families, both at home and at work. There is absolutely no reason why the story should not be put in the United States ?? maybe the brilliant streets of New York ?? but Lubitsch has deliberately recreated the passions and memories of his former years in Europe, permanently in love with life before the war brought horrors and blood to the door. This subtle subtext brings a significant plus, personal touch to the movie ?? In fact, as I write this review, I start to appreciate the story even more. <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both beautiful in their respective roles, but I think it's the supporting cast that really does the movie. Each character brings a different personality to the mix, and the interactions are always credible and enjoyable. I especially love how Lubitsch deliberately directed many of our sympathy towards Hugo Matuschek, who, in any other film, would have restricted to a two-dimensional pentirevelde. Matuschek may lose his family's love, but retrieve it from his employee's affection, and you feel a joyful glow when in the bitter cold of a Christmas snowstorm, he finds company in a little little freckle-dealing - boy (Charles Smith). This genuine warmth towards a support character hits me as they were similar to several of later creation of Billy Wilder, for example, Jackson Boom Boom in 'Fortune Cookie (1966)' or Carlo Carlucci's' Adventure! (1972). Of course, he does not really need to say, but Billy Wilder has learned from the best.
