The location of the corner is precisely stated at the start of the film, Balta Street in Budapest but it might really be in any place. Small number of layers reflected a European interior design but it could be a store around any corner. The film is not about Budapest or the merchandise merchandise merchandise business but on the ups and downs of love, reflected in most of the main characters. Alfred Kralik and Klara Novak are boxing partners working but the letter anonymity of each other is full of hopes and aspirations with romance, and the relaxation story brings these two aspects together very well. Hugo Matuschek, the owner of the store, has trouble with his wife, and only a voice at the end of the phone. Ferencz Vadas has a secret deal. Ilona Novodny has a friend who buys her fur coat. Mr. Pirovitch is centered around his wife and children. Pepi Katona plays Santa Claus' in a girl at Christmas. You even sense that quiet Flora Katchuck, while staying home with her mother's dream of someone. The script is a comedy and drama masterpiece. It moves effortlessly from scene stage. It is one of those quiet films that are reimbursed to look again and again, straightforward yet profound. The dialogue reflects the verbal character that does not commence these days. <br /> <br /> All acting is magnificent. Even the minor characters like the waiter in the cafe and the policeman on the street are perfect. James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan play on each other perfectly. He really gets into his stride as an actor then and gives a sweet and sharp performance. Margaret Sullavan was a terrific actor and under appreciated these days. Some of its other films are worth catching. As Mr Matuschek, Frank Morgan is amazing. Her moments of truth are very moving. Gold stars all round the performers. <br /> It's a well-torn phrase that they do not do as they are used (the re-wave wave 'You Mail was' lasted) but in this case it's true. The Lubitsch director is not in masquerade mode thankfully but released a classic movie of mind, charm and humankind.
