The nearby shop of the CORNER is one of the most romantic and sweet-felt romantic comforts ever made. There's just no getting around, and it's hard to actually put someone's feelings for this movie. It's not one of those films that try too hard, or it comes with the oddest scenarios possible to get the two protagonists together in the end. In fact, all its charms are naturally, contained in the characters and the environment with the plot ... which is very credible in boots. It's easy to think of such a love story, as beautiful as any other has ever said, * might * happen to you ... a feeling you do not often get from other romantic comedy, however sweet and heart-warming can be. Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) have no more favorable first meetings when it comes to the store (Matuschek & Co) who has been working for over nine years to request a job. They have been conflicted from the very beginning, especially on a cigarette that is playing music when it's open - it thinks it's a funny idea; he made a great deal of sale and came to hire. The powers taken in the next six months, as they both (unknowingly, of course!) Fall in love with each other by sharing their souls with spirits in letters passing through PO Box 237. This would be a nice plotline Thin base of a movie all over, except that the SHOP side of the side is expertly-meat-out and a noise-rushing sound made up of characters entirely engaged, from the father but solitaire Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) himself, who who learns that her shop really is at home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Sidekick Kralik and friends who still skitters out of the room when faced with the possibility of being honest; smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut) who finally gets comeuppance him out of a glorious just Kralik; and ambitious boy boy Pepi Katona (William Tracy) who wants nothing more than to be promoted to the clerk position for Matuschek & Co. The Love Story's unmistakable love is played out of this little shop in Budapest, Hungary, in which Kralik's unmatched release and subsequent promotions in store stores help the two lovebirds-to-be together. It is good that everyone gets a story of this movie; The characters supported are well developed, and Matuschek's own journey of life is almost as touching as one of Alfred and Clara shares. His invitation for the new Rudy (Charles Smith) boy for Christmas Eve dinner, made in whirlpool, beautiful snow in the winter, makes the audience happy that he is not alone; We come to care even for the characters whose love story is by this business the movie says. Aside from the love story, I must say that James Stewart is really one of the best things about this movie. He does not play the full-fledged character Jimmy Stewart in this film (c / f 'Mr Smith goes to Washington' for that); In fact Alfred Kralik is abusive and particularly kind. It is rather a brusque man, in fact, with little hint (until, perhaps, at the very end) of the Aw-shucks down-house Juvenile Stewart charm would soon reach patent. When she found out before clara that they were in secret, in fact, Kralik did not 'fess up - she was expecting her to see how far she could take the charade, especially since she quickly realized (given stormy relationships his and Clara as patron and underling) who love those he knows in their exchanged letters can not be equal to the love of the person himself. His description of Clara of Felicia's fictional (what a name!) Who became his fiancé is hilarious in the extreme, but also his way to prove that the letters do not reveal all of a man, It does not reveal all of it. Stewart plays this role perfectly - he keeps his face perfectly controlled every time Clara insults Mr. Kralik, as he is often practicing, even (and especially) in his face. But one believes, under the brush and professionalism, that he * could * reveal his identity with so much sincerity and sincerity and absolute * hope * as he eventually does. <br /> <br /> Special mention should also be given to other members at the disposal. Margaret Sullavan fare rather cheaply in the first half of the movie, but she really comes to her own at the closed-shop scene on Christmas Eve, when she almost gets her heart broken by Alfred's most clearer outline in her box amoure. Frank Morgan turned into a great performance as the jealousy Hugo Matuschek drives into nervous breakdown, man who has discovered his meaning in life when he realizes that his wife in 22 years does not want to grow old with him. And Felix Bressart plays the role of the gentle pirovitch, but loyal (a regular Lubitsch, since it appears as a Russian hilarious ambassador to NINOTCHKA) - in particular note is the scene in which he helped his good friend Alfred to find The Christmas presents Letter * really * wants ... a wallet instead of that cigar cigarette cigar box so hung up on. Ernst Lubitsch really makes himself proud and this movie - for example, the proud and meticulous folk care provided in detail in the creation of the Matuschek shop is well worth the effort, right down to the Hungarian names on the door, the goods and the cash register and so on. But though Lubitsch chose to have the history set in Hungary, the environment is actually universal: it could happen anywhere; it can happen to you. In this charming simple story, these credible characters are really * their * people. The Snow on Christmas Eve is real as well, or at least as real as Lubitsch was able to do it (it was snow car that brought in high costs). It is this desire to make everything appear as real as possible to help make the story even more credible, which gives this film all a realistic realism that can not reproduce. (No, not even in a renewal like YOU'VE MAIL MAIL.) * This * is really the movie Jimmy Stewart Christmas that people miss out on when they talk about it in a beautiful life. Do not detect from the merits of other films, but should not be no harm, and in fact a lot of good, make to look at the SHOP side of this Christmas rather. It's sweet, funny, good, and Stewart is impeccable in his role. We should all have the chance to have the romance shown in this film; The best thing about this film is that we come away to feel that we can most possibly could.
