Prix ​​de Beaute is still suffering from comparisons of the films Louise Brooks made with GW Pabst, "The Box Pandora" and "The Paper of a Lost Girl," but in some ways, "Prix" is the film of Brooks's excellence. Here he has a chance to be spacious without the dark side of his Pabst collaboration. What's "Prix" has that films pabst by music. In this early French film, all the mysterious Louise Brooks is flesh out powerful and a conjunction of image images, songs and music. Charleston is what seems to be most popular with Brooks (it was the first in dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress comes across more strongly in the tango. The Tango also plays a draw point in the "Prix," the music he danced and about his short ride to starred after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when she abandoned her name in favor of a lifelong existence as the husband of jealous wife, the renowned renowned environment becomes apparent when the same tango record is seen on his apartment record player. So appropriate is the Brooks Tango she used to accompany the documentary on her life, "Looking for Lulu," a movie narrated by Shirley Maclaine. The brass quality and strength of Tango's featured Louise Brooks' strong-headed, but elegant and erotic individually. <br /> <br /> The song, "I do not like, that's," adds a huge amount of pathos to that not a big movie (but a pretty good). By the way, Brooks's voice was not armed for the film by Edith Piaf as some claimed. Piaf was born in 1915, and was not discovered until 1935. The song, however, is that character Brooks, Lucienne, sings Andrew at the start of the film to cheer her, and express her deep affection for her. And at the climax he is the song he sings for his screen test, which he views and producers and managers who intend to shape his career. He continued on screen after husband Andrew, who followed him in the screening room, shoots and killed him. In one shot, Lucinenne's dead body rested at the bottom of the screen while his screen test continued with the song he once sings in Andrew, the essence of that movie is that other forms of art is not perfectly characterized. As Andrew watched his wife now dead his cock on the screen, the murder weapon still smokes, she smiled subtilly. It is now forever, and by association, we. <br /> <br /> Preview, Louise Brooks real life career crashed and burned after the "Prix de Beaute," so he was also killed in his final roll as well. This movie truly seals the mysterious Brooks more than the Pabst movies (which is the movie is superior, no doubt). He also shows what it is about the movies that create the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of the films - where people such as Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensively after their deaths than when they were alive.
