A history of obsessive love is pushed to its limit and in a beautiful swan whose beauty is the very own ticket too early. Placing it at the beginning of the talkies, PRRIX OF BEAUTE walks a thin line of being a full-on silent film - which is always in heart - and flirting with sound and sound effects. The effect is a bit disappointing for anyone to come to this movie because the recorded audio is very tiny and just does not help it at all. Hearing conversations sound well succeeded on the start of sequence that takes place on a beach, for example, as part of the movie as the actress who dubs Louise Brooks' dialogue and by doing so the audience's storage of a fine performance. Otherwise, the film rolls together more or less well, with little jumps in continuity here and there - something quite common in the film this era - and it was that wave sped up typical feel in silence. In a way, this is an experience in a film, and closer to the style of Sergei Eisenstein in visual and near-intimate closeups that raise it from what could be a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks here plays a less flapper character than she was known for: she is a stenographer who on a shark decides to join a beauty contest despite the angry opposition of his very compassionate companion. Its role is quite thirty and contemporary for its time; The latest of the flapper / baby jazz roles were shown on screen and now with the onset of female independence, women as professionals were represented in film. Brooks's character decided to leave her boyfriend (even though she "reconciled" with her later) is also a little ahead of her time. However, her fatal defect is willing to believe that's not - that boyfriend wants her to succeed - and this is what leads to her end in the movie theater. This final sequence looks something straight from Hitchcock in its intensified display (seen from the man who also knew a lot) and cut out from Brooks, his image on screen, and the murderous companion. Even more dramatic is the placement of Brooks's always "live" live and the now dead one - a cooling effect of a cool, powerful movie.
