We've seen the silent version of this movie, and it's quite simply shimmeringly nice. It is very difficult to see how a sound version can be created, since it has been fired with more silent techniques, sweeps the narrow cap without a single single-sided interlude for some disruptive sequences where Louise Brooks plays a French typist well-known speak in English ... The only section that obviously cries out for sound is the final scene, where Brooks watches the rushes to test it 'for a sound movie': footage that always plays in the background as the action the unfolding, and the lips moving in without the sound of singing. I was desperate to learn later that this passage alone in the talkie version was considered an example of new techniques! <br /> In the sunny beauty of its opening scene and inevitable fairy in fairy in what follows, the movie resembles a dream. As a 'Louise Brooks movie' it was not at all what I expected, either in its Hollywood comedy or from the German GWPabst melodramas: I found the idiom more talkative and enjoyable than either, and Brooks himself is a different animals, a solid young animal rather than a vamp shop-windows or dolls to manipulate. <br /> But what gives this movie the highest depth than at first appears is the second unexpected second; Repressed by the rich parasites that grapple around her beauty, the princess returns to a tear-attached reunion and loves to humiliate her true love ... and the story might be very well ended. Fairy-story, however, came back to tragedy. Grabovsky's dilettante, confidence in his ability to manipulate the woman he wants, is again all the correct of his self-interest predictions - the young lovers can not make each other happy - and André, ironically, was the right suspicion of influence The social social of beauty contest: after the poisoning of her moments, Lucienne frets herself in despair on the humdrum routine in married life while her husband, in turn, is driven wild by any recall in the whole affair. If it were a simple case in an unmarried marriage, that would be one thing ... but the true tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, the "Price of Beauty" reminds me of the "Sunrise" Murnau. But if so, the fairground scenes and photographers here would form an ice-image distorted in the joyous reconciliation of "Sunrise"; There is no dream, but a starter nightmare. And these dawn brings a miracle reunion, but a blank bed and desert house. Leaving a letter saying he loved her and she still loves her, Lucienne disappears again in André's life in the quest for brightness and freedom; and this time it will never return. <br /> <br /> Column Gossip confirms André's worst conviction, as he learns from his wife's place of reporting his name and Grabovsky. When the young worker penetrates the last of the prodigious sanctuary of the screening room, he is and draws weapons - to be welcomed by the eye of his rival courtesy and caressing a Lucienne laugh, the same woman who engaged her affection he left it. He killed him, but as he killed is transfixed by the image alive on the screen, Lucienne in glory may transform him as he never saw him. Two women are juxtaposed at a time intensely powerful, as André sees, seized, inexperienced, and pulled away: the girl dies and herself singing still projected above, holds unknown from time to eternity seluloid, play on unconscious of life or death or love under it ... <br /> <br /> The main jaw element of the movie is the character of Antonin co-worker Antonin, who seems to serve no role in all other than to be bold in his contemporary license. She is one of ugly who can never find the girl, the wimp cheats and suffer from the toilets and to work, and must take it all with a smile to smile to smile in hopeless hope for social acceptance: a Typical products of the intimidation of the more gifted and popular, in other words, but one audience is apparently invited to laugh at along with his tormentors. Unless the intent is to expose a darker side to the protagonists (for which I see no signs), the character seems to exist simply as a comic, but funny rescue and a nasty naked corner. When we know it only as a peeping Tom peeping into the water, it's easy to laugh, although the revenge of others seems a little over the head; when we discover that he has no chance to meet strangers, but André's colleague and regular sidekick, the attacks continue to rapidly stop to be very funny. <br /> But it is the images that remain. Beauty, nightmares, and dreams.
