Louise Brooks provides a wonderful performance in this well-known French melodrama. She plays a Lucille callier who, despite being in love with a man named Andrew, dreams of rising above her position in life. He sees the opportunity of a beauty contest for Miss Europe, but Andrew is furious when he discovers that he has come in, then asking that he removed it. She tries to take back her entry only to discover that she has already been selected as Miss France and will now attend the main pageant. This is a story of love, loss and decision played out of its enthusiastic end. The film is very energy filmed by director Augusto Genina and cinemas aggravating Rudolf Mate and Louis Nee. The movie style is more like modern movies than the Hollywood flickers in the '30s, and it shows the different style works by the Europeans. There are many fast cuts and shots vaccine, especially with great and vibrant skills. The high energy of the third third film a bit in the middle but selected again in the past 15 minutes. Their performance was very good by all principals, but Louise Brooks is especially memorable. Louise leans heavy on her silent screen skills even though this is a talkie, but because its silent style has a surprisingly contemporary, understated feel, it makes the transition pretty good. The early stage of the just was especially intense as Louise uses his remarkably expressive eyes to convey his sense of growth in misery and alienation, to be trapped in a life he does not want. I doubt he's been doing better. The film builds into a superb superb, injection, powerful and stylish art. This is really some of the best things in the early days of films. And the tragic scenario only insists the biggest tragedy that this is the role of starting to begin for Louise Brooks. It was not just a great beauty that looked fantastic in a swimsuit, it really was an important acting act that fundamentally threw it all away. We are all the poorest for that. This film is less well known than its German film and G.W. Pabst, but I think it's a better one. I think this team is just the best of storytelling than Pabst, and while the Prix de Beaute may miss the deep complexity of the Pabst films, it's easier to follow and is in general a simpler piece, focus on work. And it does not hurt that Louise's song is done by Edith Piaf, either. This is a classic movie Louise Brooks well worth looking.
