I'm very fanatell Mitchell Leisen so it was a great anticipation that I rented this movie but the print I received was pretty bad, so tearing down from the use and burning seemingly beyond repair, the movie was so dark. So dark that at certain scenes that are cinematography in the dark, you can not see one thing. That said, I believe I share the same opinion as the first review of this film. It starts out very and does not obliterate the lines and rhythms of your typical 30 Hollywood movie. Heck, not even typical Hollywod movie in any era. It looks like the director was influenced by the Europeans because there is a certain custic reality of the procedures from the opening shot that is so fabricated in camera motion and placement as Maggie (Carole Lombard) and skid (Fred Macmurray) encounter. You half expect to start singing "Be Believing" from boat shows. It starts with a few laughs and poor Anthony in a single scene role where he does not speak a word in English gets slapped around by Freddie. Skids are a bomber that does not care that it is a boomer. That is why he signs up in the army where he can hide in the world. He just was released though with a set of scenic shenanigans, he misses his boat for New York. This is when the movie kicks off high gear, and we start to find those french films in the sixties vibrant all the procedures. These scenes are so well-acting by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the film progresses a heartbeat. MacMurray is also good as he and Lombard fall for each other as he nurtures his talent for the trumpet. Then the temptor came in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Enough and drawn. The film has fantastic fitting sequences that dazzle me. They are very good. With Lombard notes a home run in this movie but in the second half, a bit more to call Freddie and it fails to deliver the merchandise. With a melodramatic heavy end with an actor you do not believe, the movie falls short but since it is not your typical film of structure, design, design and direction. It's worth a look. For what it was one of 37 hits in the 1936-37 season. I do not know its exact rank though.
