I first came across this movie when I read a book (written in the 1970s) about Mitchell Leisin's career. I have to admit that over the years I watched many of her films and found her best quality really quality. SWING HIGH, SWING bar was supposed to be one of her best. While he did not do me, he did not impress me as much as holding back the DAWN, DEATH TAKES a holiday, KITTY, or even GOLDEN EARINGS. I suspect it's just too much date right now to be well-liked. <br /> Working in Paramount Leicesin had a problem in these films that he did was musical. Most of the notes he worked with are fairly mediocre. It's true that twice the standard appeared in his movie, but they were really rare: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in MURDER in the vanities, and "Mona Lisa" from CAPTAIN CAREY, USA but the rest of the score for MURDER AT Vaniyite was forgettable. "Mona Lisa" was the only melody of CAPTAIN CAREY. It should not be that way - the Leicester studio had Rogers and Hart working for it in the early 1930s. Why could not he have been assigned to a project with them? The score for SWING HIGH, SWING bar, is beautiful but forgettable. Unfortunately, the film is centered in the entertainment world, as Fred Macmurray demonstrates great talent as a trumpet player (he even works Carole Lombard in his act by hanging his arms around him when he blows his trumpet). The song (sung by Lombard) about how his lover is playing his emotions, is something important in the draw. He works in the movie, but it would be best if this song was more memorable. There is a picaresque style of the movie - it starts on a sea liner that Lombard is working on, as a manicureist. He is constantly intimidated by his boss Franklin Pangborn (barber's barber). Then the ship will enter the Panama Canal, and we see MacMurray as a soldier, who's investment will end up shortly. The first scenes together have a nice Leisin touch in it: MacMurray is talking to Lombard, it's on the pile of the boat and it's on the edge of the locked wall. The good way to keep the action going while the dialogue hits a bit dull. The movie follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) as she meets Lombard, and starts her reputation as a trumpet player, but meets the "other woman" in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The best time of film dealing with Lombard relations, and its collapse as a jazz trumpet (its appearance and the need for alcohol is very untypical for a MacMurray character - even darker figures like Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or the Naval Officer Push the Caine Mutiny did not demonstrate a reliance on alcohol. <br /> <br /> Lombard is good as the love woman, but wrong by MacMurray Lamore has little to do really - possibly the movie had more scene with it in it, but one stand out is its attempt to get MacMurray on the wagon again. In Pangborn's bit opening it is fine. Rarely noticed in films, small party actor Carl Judels is effective as a beautiful friendly friend / friend of MacMurray , who drops her as she goes down (though she gives her a hand-out). Charles Butterworth is as trivial in this film as usual, but she has a moment when she looks sheepishly in her hand, on the keyboard of a piano in the rooms read, his girlfriend, MacMurray, and the Lombard share Her redemptiveness to the face is due to the embarrassment of a lie that MacMurray is stressful. It was a beautiful, subtle moment. If only his subtlety was in his act rather than moments of humorous humor.
