100 black and white half-hour episodes of comedy in early situations "Mr. Peanut" were originally broadcast from 1952-55 on NBC. Like a lot of baby boomers and "Ding Dong School" is my first TV show. Since both running later in union it's hard to say how many of these memories are actually tied to their original emissions. <br /> <br /> "Mr. Peanut" is worth checking out for more than its nostalgia value. It represents a very different style of comedy situation than shows as the "Honeymooners" and "I Love Lucy". The genre was able to go in two different directions in those days and ended up taking the abrasive strong way of the two shows; which is probably why they are still contemporary. "Mr. Peepers", which has been differentiated by its intense restraint tone, may appear slow and dull in comparison. But it's really more a matter of adjusting in the different style. Once you get into the characters it will have on the most intelligent spectators. Credits should be given to the show producer, Fred Coe, a key feature of early television that has dramatic training also is worth checking out ("Philco TV Playhouse", "Light Out", "Playhouse 90", "Showcase Producer" , "Playwrights 56", "Fireside Theater", etc.) even on kinescope. Mr Peepers offers a more gentle style with Wally Cox (to be the voice of "underdog" a few years later) in the title role, Robinson Peepers, a moderate high school science teacher . His glasses were his trademark with a symbolic link in his name and role as a passive observer. <br /> <br /> The series provides Cox with an outstanding support throw. Tony Randall has played his best friend, story teacher Harvey Weskit. Jack Warden played Frank Whip, a loud-school teacher with moderate intimidation gave the show the most of his controversial elements. <br /> There are some love interest competitions involving school nurse, Nancy Remington (Patricia Benoit), and viewers quickly lined up with sequined men who look like a better match for Nancy's gentleman. Surgeon marriages near the end of 1953-54 season captured national attention, an early version of "What's the J.R Shot?" Foli. <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm only a kid.
