Neil Simon at the ODD couple set up a model for many of his later plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were the pervasive uniforms of the original, the former was reliable and clean, the latter being dull and loose. Simon would rewrite (less successful) the play in the 1990s as the new ODD couple, and female dancers. She made it a mixed couple (a woman and her daughter, and someone) of the GOODBYE Girls. He also gave him an extra twist of 1973 and the boys SUNSHINE, a hit Broadway starring Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, aged, the semi-retired Vaudvillians. Here is the "apartment" problem reduced to a team of two people who can not stand with each other. The movie 1976 began Walter Matthau as Willie, and George Burns as Al. <br /> In fact, Al Probably Do Not Think Totally Seriously In Willie - Willie Is Pathologically On The Subject Of Al. First, there was little habit, such as accidentally spitting a little when pronouncing words starting with the letter "t", and a little jabbing jane and finger index, on stage. Second, retire back when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and he forced his nephew and silver, Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to get him to work through advertising. Willie can not remember lines unless they are funny and keep the flubbing Can be left at the end of a commercial repetition. <br /> <br /> Ben asks for the two back together for a live scene in the most popular scenes on a television show on American Comedy. see Willie, and the sparks start to fly, as well as know what the other is doing (and this is just about repetition. As Willie will insist on change (even minor, but thrown at Al) as saying "LIVE !!!" when Al hit on the door .. The initial repetition is a failure, but Ben managed to find them in the envelope of the show .The question is whether they will complete the stage of the program Finish or Do Willie corrects Al's? <br /> <br /> Three drives, Matthau, Burns, and Benjamin, do very well with the One-Hardware, F needed reminiscent of vag shoppers devil (eg: "chest pain ... I get pain in Uncle Willie's chest. Every Thursday I come here and I get chest pain! "So come on Friday! "Benjamin is trying to prove his deep affection for his uncle, although Mattough's rough matter matter makes it difficult (it only lists when it discusses the glorious day of Vaudeville) .Mats have a little better Understand the reality (at first) than Burns, which seems to be aggravated by repeating himself - but in the current sense of Matthau's rejection of the world that once beat his iron less willing to behave properly. Burns is not simple - it takes things These are slowly. But it seems far happier in accepting his retirement .. I call this a "Discovery Voyage" final for our modern Lewis and Clark Al and Willie transcend their old skittles, as they are small Little ends realize that they are more in their old age than they thought. Even Willie's irrational admit that Al can (her) a pain in the ass, but it was a funny man. Burns was not the original choice for the party "Al Lewis" (su Dale personally in the Smith and Dale team). Obviously would do a good job, but ill-health forced him out (he died in 1975). Burns (whose latest involvement in any movie was in the SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956 as the narrator) turned into such a fine performance that he received the "Oscar" for the best actor to support, and he had a career in the movie theater The next decade of films such as OH GOD; O GOD, O DEVIL; and go in style. He died in 1996 at the age of 100, he proved to be more than just a brilliant man right for his wife Gracie Allan.
