The main problem I see with this movie is its score, which screams with every note, "This is a cheap movie-ass." There's not much to say here. The note just plain sucking. The second problem, which I see as serious as well as involves the unfolding of the scheme near the end of the film (one of the money shots, if you will), is the dialogue between Mat (Adrienne Barbeau) and the sunflower man (Richard Ziman), in which Mat was revealed to be the leader of the experiment. At all times during this dialogue, the viewer is very aware that he / she will listen to a movie dialogue. In other words, suspension of disbelief is crushed here. The integrity of a credible dialogue between two people is sacrificing for a litter-nilly stuffing in the movie maker's information to give the audience. The third problem was filed Adrienne Barbeau. While I honestly believe it to be a fabulous actress in her work, I feel that this part may have been too much in a stretch. The main point of his performance that did not seem to mesh was the spectrum through which the character moved into the movie from a loving mother to a troubled family of a nearly rambo-like woman on a mission. This aspect of the script would obviously have been a stretch for any actress, and one can not put too much blame, therefore, on Barbeau. However, the film did a wonderful thing in the first half of the building, it was called only a serious problem in the movie as a whole. a creep factor, most notably during its horrors. I feel that the movie would have no more benefit to such engines as a mechanism for preventing a fizzling of the creep factor in the second half of the movie. So what's my holistic ranking this piece? I would give him a solid C + in B-, depending on how much credit you are inclined to give the musicians to produce this movie on a limited budget. Even with two serious and moderate mild problems, the film is presented on the solid plot of the Jungian side of mystical Nazi. I do not see any problems with conspiracy or consciousness development; The dialogue, with the exception noted above, is downright brilliant in places, especially all important scenes between mother and daughter at the start of the movie; As mentioned, the creep factor was well fabricated, if somewhat fizzly in the second half; and Nicholas Brendan, who also associates products, delivers a wonderful performance. <br /> At all, this movie is definitely worth the look --- see it with a Nazi you love. :)
