I saw "miracles always happen" at least four times. I never tired of this fantastic movie. From the very beginning, it holds someone's interest. As the film progresses with the accident crash the story gets very intense as we watch this young girl trying to survive alone and frightening in the Amazon, following a plane crash in which she was the only survivor. Her mother's loss of this aircraft crash also makes this movie even more dramatic as we see this danger young girl had to hold for her ten days in the Amazon. To think this really happened is just real and think anyone can actually survive this is unspeakable as we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, enormous forests and wildlife as well as countless insects. As the movie progresses we see the dangers many girls have to face as it tries to follow the river hoping he brought it to a city. Remember what his father told him about how a stream will always lead to a river and then in an even larger river and it means it will eventually lead to a community, this girl keeps track of The tiny stream that eventually leads to a big river all over the movie. In times of swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, injured, he still managed to keep going. At the end of this film it was obvious that she could not continue longer than she did not eat in ten days and only had the drinking water and was very sick and tired of her danger. Eventually as he saw a boat, he realized that a village with men had found it and took care of it and took it to a hospital where his father came to see him, after fear he had died with many others the passenger. Like a dramatic movie and so heartwarming to see her father's face when she sees her daughter is actually still alive after all this time in the Amazon! Movies like this have not done many days. I'll still see it again and I know I'll never shoot it! They think that this girl was the only one survivor of this plane is just unspeakable! Also the fact that it only preserves a few slight injuries was even more remarkable, whereas everyone else in this aircraft dies in the terrible crash of the wilds of the Amazon. A brilliant film, superbly acting out and one I'll treasure forever and love continues to look! Strongly recommend me for sure!
