He was considered the "Lord's Response to the Lord in the Rings," but it is much more than that. It's not a response to anything, it's itself something new, something funny and sometimes it's outright stupid and funny - but was Monty Piton any different than funny? <br /> Start immediately to make the statement that this film is low budget and does not mean to be entirely serious. Black cardboard on strings strikes in the plane in which the main character sits. But to compensate for the missing special effects, the landscape plays the trick. It is absolutely beautiful and stunning - that need New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> What I liked about the movie was the simple approach with the obvious passion and energy that came into it. It's not brilliant; yet he has some good funny parts. Edward Piccin as Friedo is absolutely compelling, it would be enough to go and see the movie because of him! Some good jokes, some of them are very lame, some of them will not understand by people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea that "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I liked the scene where Friedo decided to take "Pupsi", a telehobbie, with him on the tour. Also very funny is the scene when Rackaroll, the Sword-sword knight, decided to show off with his sword - and immediately crush him to a wall, breaking it. And there's this scene where the characters "nazgul-ich" make a pretty funny scene including a toilet brush ... I did not approve of the idea of ​​the ring being used by Schleimli, the "Gollum" character , in order to "seduce" the ladies. This was a bit far from here. The idea of ​​Lord Sauraus wants to cover the grounds and fondue was not that brilliant either. Original, certainly, but not brilliant. But most of all made me flu the idea of ​​a gay dragon, which really was not needed. All in all I recommend to see the movie simply because it's so crazy and totally garbage. Do not expect a LotR parody like "Spaceballs" for Star Wars. And if you go to the flicks to think that this will have an entertaining evening out, and absolutely no ambition, then you will enjoy. I'm not sure if he works in other languages, because he lives in the Swiss dialect as well as from the jokes and actors. All in all: hats of the courage of the Swiss crew who did that!
