Sarafina was a fun movie, and some of the songs were really great. Sarafina was very fun. I do not normally like music stuff like this, but the song was not lame as it looked like the box. The film was useful for learning about history because it was an interesting perspective of the Soweto manifestation in 1976. It showed you things from the perspective of the students of the manifestation and showed you that they were real characters. Because you have seen them as real characters that you love them more as an audience, and make you more sympathetic as totally victims of the white government, whom you can not sympathize with. Singing students are correct because we know from the account that students in the riot were singing and dancing before it became violent. Clothing of the students of Sarafina are very similar to clothing shown in pictures from Soweto. The movie was actually in Soweto, which is why it looks very accurate in many parts. All of this makes the movie more precise for someone using it to learn about aparthied. As viewers we must be critical of the way Apartheid's story was featured. As I said before, you become sympathetic to students - this makes it potentially less reliable and objective. Also, it changes some of the details from other accounts. In Sarafina she turned to chaos when the policeman entered the classroom and launched the students. Police and army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. Police and army shot students, but there is no evidence to go to school and execute people like this. The battle was more in the streets and was looting and crime. This is done in the movie probably makes you feel sorry for the school students. The film would be most useful if it had some different information about aparthied. The teacher was arrested for being against the government, and the mum went to work in a white man's house. But there is no information about the government and why they have done it or any details about the policies and laws of racism. -By George S, Chris and Finlay
