This movie reminds me of 42nd Street starring Babies Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watched this movie a lot of it reminded me of 42nd Street, especially the character Eloise in a temperamental star and she ended up falling and crushed her ankle, like Baby Daniels made at 42nd Street and another scene become the party and become a star. This movie, like most movie races, keeps people watching because of the great entertainment. Movie films still showed Black Entertainment as it really was what was popular in the era of this era. Dance styles, music, styles dress, you will love it. This film could be great if it was done in Hollywood, it would be the best landscape, better manure, and more money that would make any movie much better. But it's worth seeing because it's good and Micheaux does well and little of it. I said from all Micheaux's films, Swing is the best! The film features musicians, dancers, actresses, and actors who have been popular but forgotten today. Doli Armena, an awesome female trump player who can blow the horn so good that you think Gabriel is blowing a cone in the sky. Sexy, hot female dancer Consuela Harris would wear Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee shame. <br /> Add more info ... Popular singer singer in the 20's and Cora Green's 30 is focused in the movie, she's Mandy, a good, hard working woman who is not a good man who takes her money, he spends it on other women. A neighbor neighbor played by Amanda Randolph to Mandy what he saw and heard and Mandy goes down to the club and catches his man with an attractive woman, curvy by the name of Eloise (played Hazel Diaz, a Hot-Cha artist in the 30's) and a battle broke out. Then Mandy goes to Harlem where she is assembled with a guardian angel guarded by one of the most beautiful women in Dorothy Van Engle's movies. Lena gives Mandy a home, a job, and helps her to become a star when tempered by Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I guess she's playing two parts or maybe she's renamed her step) trying to break the show with her bad behavior them. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her legs, Lena persuades all the Mandy who is good at work and Lena is right with a star made of Mandy. Tall, long, long, but beautiful Carman Newsome is fresh aspirant producer that Lena looks out for. Pretty boy Larry Seymour plays the good man but after Lena threatened him, he might form up. There are a few highlights, but the one who kicks out of me is the party where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) struts late for repetition and goes on to everyone and then his man comes in with his punches in jaw But that's not enough, he's almost gone into a fight with Mandy again. In between there is great entertainment by choral girls, dancers typed, shaking dancers, balanced music, and blues songs. There are even white people watching the entertainment, wondering where Micheaux found them, there are even a scene where black and white are sitting together at the club, Micheaux often integrates black and white in his movie, he should be praised for this a bold move. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first race I really enjoyed and it helped me introduce myself to Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best film films, it's a back story story about the ups and downs of business shows. No such early film films may not be the best, can not be compared to Hallelujah, green green, storm storm, cabin in the sky, Carmen Jones, or any other Hollywood movie but great to watch because their early signs dark film and more these films provide a glimpse of black and black life in black eyes. These films gave black a chance to play people from all ages, to be beautiful, stylish, and elegant, and not just for stereotypes or how white felt the blacks would be described as in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses in this race movie were not the best, but they were the only ones that could give at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters , Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram, and more of the bigger stars, so Micheaux and other black and white film films would use nightclub performers in the movies, some were good, some were not big actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others who knew most were not good actors and actresses but were used more aside from a past experience for talent, they just wanted the stories they said, and in return Many black performers have achieved their true talent in these films. For some true actors / movie actress races were the only type of movie they could get work, especially if they did not want to play Stereotypes Hollywood, so I think you'll be able to spot the true actress / actress from performers are nightclubs. The movie films are very historical, they could be lost forever, many are lost, perhaps their movie films are the greatest example of movies but even Hollywood films did not start out loud at the start. I think if the movie movie genre continues, it would be best. If you are looking for great acting, most film films are not those, but if you are looking for a real example of black entertainment and how black should be described in film, than watching movie films. There are some fun movie films with a good cast cast, Moon on Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise in Harlem, Hold Punching, Sunday Cinema, Black Manhattan, Stroken Broken, Boy! What a girl, the swinging mystery, the Harlem Miracle, and Sepia Cinderella, which not only have good entertainment but good acting.
