I'm a big fan of Vonnegut's work and I'm very fond of this movie, but I'm not saying that this is a movie of "Mother Night" that I read. When people say that Vonnegut is unfilmable, two things come to my mind. One is that many of its terms are very close to the art or even taboo, despite the allegation sometimes used against it by choosing relatively "easy" goals for its satire. That means less every day passes as far as females are concerned. The directors of these days appear to revel in taboos breaking and I have high hopes for the version of "Bluebeard" now in production. Amazing to think that an innocent piece like the "Sirens of Titan" Vonnegut would probably have been the equivalent of "R" rated if filmed when it was released back in the 50s, for its violence, language and sexuality and thematic content, even if it's a tragedy that no one is coming up with a feverish script for it. And in the present economic climate, I hope that some directors are looking out well at "Jailbird", "Galapagos" and "Hocus Pocus". <br /> <br /> The other thing is its narrative style, heaping irony over Ironi on paradox but it always makes it hilariously funny. It seems impossible to be observed, and appears to be the biggest obstacle to making big movies in his great novels, because the little comments comment that color our response as readers are just not possible in movies without resorting to in too often tedious techniques such as "talkovers". Vonnegut suggests that a missing character has been filmed in his work, himself as author / narrator. In its credit, the "Breakfast Champions" (the movie) tried to keep the comedy and became a bit of a cropper for its pain. As did another turkey made in a novel Vonnegut, "Slapstick" in a even more spectacular manner. <br /> <br /> Still, nothing wrong with a director gives us his subjective interpretation in Vonnegut, and "Mother Night" is an excellent example of how, as another review puts him, a good director can add a visual poetry to a source like this. But much of the mood loses that even if it's the same scheme, it does not really come from the same novel I read. If it were, I'd probably have rolled into the hallway laughs a few times watching it. For a reader of the novel, I think a chuckle even in the end is forgiven. The film's end, however, is really important, and I think one of the film's success is that it can really let you feel that you are watching someone walking a razor edge between good and evil, and the jury still comes out. <br /> <br /> Stand alone and in itself it's well worth a look. Technically there are minor mistakes, but flagrant, notably in the continuity, and it's often common to drab and theater, but most of the time it hits an acceptable score and occasionally shows considerable imagination and resourcefulness. Acting in general is a great command, though perhaps the dialogue by today's standards is slightly stilted. <br /> It survived quite well looking back at back with "slaughter-5", and there is actually quite a bit more "good" filter Vonnegut out there, especially versions of his short story - "Harrison Bergeron" , "Who am I this time?" and some other things like, of course, misfiring the filmed version of its very funny but disposable play, "Happy Birthday Wanda June". Also there was an interesting piece, if it still existed, in the 70s called "between Timbuktu and Timbuktu" that Vonnegut apparently was not as much, although it was involved in its production, because he felt misinterpreted him in its generality. He said he reminded him of the rare surgical experiments conducted in the HG Wells "Island of Dr. Moreau", but he did so many people as an excellent introduction to his work. These films do not make you want to go to the superior materials, they're not doing their job. <br /> <br /> As the man said, more or less, the big show is inside your mind.
