It takes a while to get used to the Nebraskan Nolaskan locations before we can easily accept it as a famous Intercontinental author. Once you get past the bar, it becomes a fascinating story of a man who loses everything while trying to do good. <br /> <br /> Nolte, an American, moves to Germany, marries a famous actress, and is a Successful Success in all respects until the war is about to break out. He was visited by a jovial American, John Goodman, who convinced him to accept a post as an anti-Semitic radio broadcaster for the Nazis. Nolte has no policy, but thinks it is a challenge to write a role that is almost impossible and then play it himself. Another American secret agent will modify the Nolte radio scripts - put a cough here, a sneaky - that will serve as a code for the transmission of Allies intelligence. There's a catch, though. Nobody will know about Nolte's real role as an American agent except Goodman, Donovan, and Roosevelt himself. If he ever discovered, he will deny recognition by the Americans. <br /> <br /> Nolte front dive and his vicious emotions are wildly popular in Germany. Wife adores her, Sheryl Lee, knows nothing about what's happening or she does not care. Nolte and Lee lived in what he repeatedly referred to as "a nation of." The war ends with the problem starting. He was captured by Americans who are bitter because of his betrayal. They beat him and left him in the mud. He was delivered by Goodman, his "fairy tail", who sent him to an anonymous existence in Greenwich Village and send him a little cash now and then. In 1960, he managed to cultivate a friendship with his neighbor, Alan Arkin painter, who had lost his family and the claim of the now belonging to a secret brotherhood. But where he and his identity somehow flow out and is more or less adopted by a group of former Aryan racers - led by a dentist and a priest. It is front of it with painted boxes and swastikas and accusations. He was defeated by an old GI. But - Miraculously - his beloved wife returned to him by former elders. Another catch: it turns out later that she's not his wife, but rather her younger sister who loves her since adolescence. <br /> <br /> The finish was his typing memory in an Israeli prison in 1967 before it was trial of crimes against humanity. It's not a happy ending. Nolte can talk to, but do not see, the occupant of the cell above in his prison. It's Adolf Eichmann. Eichmann looks nice enough. It advises Nolte that it's a bad habit to type for fifteen straight hours. "It's important to relax. You must learn to relax." Nolte laughed loudly and said, "So I got here." The film is full of irony. At one point in their relaxed conversation, Arkin tells him that "in spite of all I still think people are good at heart." I do not know if the film was a commercial success, but if it did not, this sort of thing might have its soldier for a smaller audience of theater-spectator who could never have heard of Anne Frank leaving for against which supposedly final statement of his diary. The reality is that it's an adult film, and adult patients at that. The story moves slowly, there are very little violence, no chassis, no shooting, and those who do not seem to be subject to manic pressure. A lot of it will probably slip past viewers who do not open themselves in its deliberate approach. Nolte refers to the war-time relationship between him and his wife as "a nation of." This is a very compact sentence. No doubt that anyone can come up with a glib definition but it takes a small focus to threaten its emotional import. <br /> It's a story of a man who lost everything - his ability to write, his identity, his wife (twice), his only friend, his country, his own respect. At one point, he stopped walking on a crowded New York street and simply standing there until after black, when he moved with a curious cop. The reason he stopped is that he simply has no place to go. What Vonnegut described is more than depression. I do not mean to sound condescending but it's the sort of feeling that's hard to understand in your teens. Adolescents would like to think they know what keeps Nolte in one place, but it really requires maturity and the essence of living in finiteness that mature only can bring. <br /> <br /> Remember the Robert Frost line on the home where the place you go there has to take you to? Well there is no place to take Nolte in.
