I have not yet read Kurt Vonnegut's night lover (even though I have read other books in it, all the outstanding pieces of satire and romance games changed novel). After seeing Keith Gordon's adaptation of his book, it will be an immediate must-read in the near future. It's kind of material that I'm sure he did not do in 1995/96 as a movie, he would pick up right now in the period when many post-present / Holocaust / WW2 movies are very popular. Except that this is darker, though even more resonant, about the nature of the role play and the real horror of living in life and after death than tell the reader. It is about the very real danger of pretending to war, which is what a spy at WW2 is really all about. <br /> It would be one thing if Mother Night had a script with a lot of emotional depth and complexity on the moral choices and constant roles - even after the war ended - for Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte), who is done. But it's also just a really strong feat of Cinemas techniques. Keith Gordon is not someone I usually think as a director of really strong material (more-so I think back to him as an actor, oddly enough chin to announce briefly and Vonnegut himself in Back to School), but this is a revelation. It takes the story of Campbell as a story of a fractured life: a German propaganda master ("the only American left in Berlin"), who is actually a spy for Americans, but he never can have his identity revealed , and was before a dramatic author who really belonged to "a nation of two", himself and his wife (Sheryl Lee). He followed him out of his prison cell, awaiting trial in Israel in 1961, as he wrote his memoirs and said in his disappointment about being a 'pretend' Nazi, and then, The 1960's semi-hidden in a New York apartment, which is where the bulk of the movie takes place. Mothers night can be quite heavy, as on a single level would be associated with the pianist, but on another emotional-cerebral level than the strong poetry of the movie. Gordon, by way of Vonnegut, tries to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing, except the memory (and then later a strange transposition) of his long lost love of a "sister" Finding it in NYC, so he left his own device when he befriends a painter (Alan Arkin, very pretty good here), and then found out as a Nazi-in-hide by a white bulletin supremacy, leading wackos in his apartment. On the surface this should be just a straightforward spyware story, but not something is simple. 'Something' in man's life is staggering, but it's finally to choose his own. Campbell is one of those characters that could be analyzed for hours at the end, but the conclusions could be reached (and, in a way, the Goebbels line mirrors): The greater lies, the more people believe it. This is except for some of the choices that began to deceive and know its secrets and power. <br /> But oh, it would be one thing if it was just a wonderful and tragic-comic story, or another if it featured some really fantastic performance (which is done: Nolte is at its best here , and Sheryl Lee, which we might remember from Twin Peaks as Laura Palmer, stuns in multiple roles, especially in the scene when it reveals it is not really 'Helga'. It is also a gorgeously shot film, with brilliant lighting and shots that reflect the state of mind of the character, or just the stress or disgusting color of the time (see the scene where an old Campbell watches a movie in pies his own small spouting out an annuity, juxtaposition of the face is great). And the music selections raise the level of tragedy. He might argue some of the music is too much, but at other times he raises the material past his own usual dramatic scope and makes it operational, solemn on human nature. <br /> It's not always an easy movie to take emotionally, and some of the twists have that color of "whoa" as in any spyware story. But it's the grant from Vonnegut that's the stick, the way to take appearance and performance, in imitation life imitate life imitate life, and make it into something worth remembering. I have no idea just yet if the book is better than the movie (or the other way around), but at this time it is difficult that I do not recommend that anyone looking for a masterpiece in story WW2 / storytelling post.
