I have yet to see a movie with Nolte in it that I did not like. However, this was said, he did a lot of films and I saw just a few. In my eyes I keep the images in her performance here with the one in the "red thin line". Nolte has a full range of talent acting. When it is necessary to call it roar as a lion hurt. Its best moments are the same treasures of actors: when it's just emotes in facial, but with body gestures, without saying anything. Having come to the conclusion that our current generation of actors, by and large, has no appreciation of what an actor can do without speaking, there is no conscious appreciation of the mastery of Keaton and Chaplin, the generation of actors Depends too much on the computer wizardry mechanics. Of course it is also just a sign of time we live in. Did Chaplin stay in our time .... who knows, it just might as well become an affiliate of the CGI tool. did not read the novel Vonnegut from which this movie came to the screen. However, the plot is not so far sought or complicated that we can not follow the path set, even with all its surprises. Of course the start it looks fair. However, it is also not impossible. Consider these for starters: A spell in the heart of the Third Reich: It's extraordinary life in Fritz Kolbe, the most important special spies of World War II by Delattre and Prichard (see Amazon for details). Consider: Surviving History: The Piercing Reich: American Spies Inside German Germany DVD (I've seen this here: http://store.aetv.com/html/product/index.jhtml?id=75054) seems to be a Production Channel History. <br /> So, is the ridiculous story? Far looking yes, impossible, no. Return to the scheme. Nolte's character recruits and accepts a dangerous impossible mission and unfortunately the script does not give us an appropriate reason why he accepts. Was it a kind of passivity, that he aspired to this role as it says because it was the best story he ever wrote and did happen to play the party? This is a hard thing to imagine any of us would grasp. But it was a strange time with people who did things extraordinary. Acting in the entire film of the whole cast is excellent and as the people have pointed out Alan Arkin, always fantastic, is very good in a small role I was really shocked by the movie completion (no - I will not spoil it ) and it made me feel terrible about the choice. Did this person feel that the way was ultimately on him that he spoke all that was needed and that any more should chapter add to a life already filled with many burnt pages? Hard to say but it really jol. Nolte gives one of the finest performances you can expect .... The premises of the movie make you wonder about a lot of things. It's very fun and provocative. What great movies should be. A bit long but worth it. By the way, the movie music has the selection of one of the best living composers: Arvo Party.
