American dramatist Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (playing with a soft obsolescent of Nick Nolte) lives happily in Germany and his actress, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee) before the start of the Second World War. At the peak of his life, Howard was shot by an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on the name of the Allies; warns of the work risk, howard has everything to lose, but get the irrepressible offer. After his wife's death and the end of the war, Campbell camouflaged himself and anonymity in a clear life in New York City, which muddles his neurosis even further. The central question (indeed, a very frustrating question) in the film and novel of Kurt Vonnegut's novel is, "Is Campbell a hero or a betrayer?" Director Keith Gordon and seniorist Robert B. Weide offered us clues, but no response, and this ambiguity ?? DO NOT KNOW ?? That's what keeps "Mother Night" cool and interesting at all. At the beginning of the film, Nolte shows Campbell as intelligent and confident; In the end, it is either scary and uncertain, or scary and completely certain of its contributions / debt humanity for the role it plays in the war. Gordon applied a certain ice pod of the images in the first half of the film, which completed his portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and captured the dramatic river Vonnegut. On the flip side, when Campbell is captive in his lonely New York apartment (whose affection is called "Purgatory") only to be discovered by a group of Nazi, the humor produced also is purely different from the author and gives a respite for a short time from the dramatic tension that unfolds. Paradox moral (even spiritual) "Mother night" presented by lending itself to simple resolutions, and to a degree, should be left limiting ?? The black-and-white scenes in Campbell staring expansively in space as it is in prison in Israel suggests an unprecedented contemplation we have not made private for ?? as Campbell is a character whose interior functionality we winds up very little; The war changed, came back to America to change it, and reunited with the Nazis in New York forcing him to prolong the facade of his "act" even further, to the point where he can only be puzzled in an image of itself is projected on a wall, spewing anti-Semitic anger. Maybe this is the best reaction we could expect for.
