That magic moment of life, this point between beautiful innocent children, and the whirlwind confusing mark of adulthood. . . this is what this movie is all about. <br /> <br /> Danni (beautifully played by Reese Witherspoon) is right at this time of life when the movie begins. He is supposed to be Elvis, plays his record, and reflects on love. Maureen, her sister will soon go to college, no problem with attractive boy, is beautiful, and seems to have it all figured although she does not. It dates back to a local deficit that is also after him, and just wants it to be able to find a decent boy and be swept to his feet. Danni like most young teens wanting she could be any other but herself because most teenagers think they are just not good enough. She wants Maureen but she does not see that she is very beautiful. <br /> <br /> The momentous adult begins to intrude on his life when he meets Foster Court for the first time. The recently murdered father has recently moved to his old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He has been promoting responsibility when it should have fun. On a particular hot day she goes to the pond and jumps in only to find Danni thin soaked. They call and discuss with Danni leaving. But they see each other a day later when Mother's Court invites Danni to visit old friends (Paran Danni). Danni gets Attracted to Court, and Danni Court. She is a tomboy and she is spunky, she has attitude and says what about herself. <br /> <br /> Court is 17 and Danni 14 and knows it but continues to grow closer with the days of the pond between the Farm Labor Court. By the time of court kissing one day, Danni is knocking. Father Danni said he invited the Court to the House and did. but things are not comfortable for the Court's "sort of date". The silence though broken by his meeting with Maureen has yet to see the Court. A look between the two and it all over. Reactions to pain and defeat on Danni's face, are both beautiful in life and painful at the same time. The rest of the movie I will not say but the movie has more of it than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. The greatness of the movie is in its illustrations in both the beautiful and painful life of the relationship between two sisters who love the tests by both a loved one, and the pain must keep both sets and individually. Danni eventually marks his entry into the world when he sees that the world is unfair, painful, and maybe even a little less hope than when the movie began. Some cinema can really take the wonder of childhood and adult pain so perfectly. This movie has been the first time I watched it stick to my mind. It's the top 100 movie list and worth it. I just want more movies like this they did, because if so. . . My confidence in Hollywood would be a lot better.
