When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it, and got some good reviews. I watched the first episode of this "story of story story", as he proclaimed himself, and I really was hooked on him. I loved it since. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to see a good show like this. The cast is excellent as the characters, and I would not want to change them in any way. <br /> For people familiar with this show, Pushing Daisies center around a man named Ned (aka Maker Pie, played by Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift when he was a boy: He could bring death they go back to life and touch on a finger. He first did that to his dog, Digby. However, there is the catch: If he keeps a dead person alive for more than a minute, another person dies. He learned this when he brought his mother back to life, and his father's father died at Ned's mother's place. The other catch is if it touches the person again, they will die again, but this time for good. She learned that when her mother kissed her early. Her father took her to school up, and when she left, Ned never saw her father again. <br /> Nearly 20 years later, Ned owns a pie pie, cleverly titled "The Pie Hole." A co-worker of the Ned, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) has a crush on Ned, but Ned rejects his movement, trying not to get close to anyone, learning from past experiences. Private Investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered the gift that Ned has, and she decided to make it a partner in solving murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when the minute is up, he touches them again and solves it. This way they usually solve it. Throughout the episodes, crimes have been very interesting and must be what those younger people expect. <br /> One day, Ned discovered that his next kill to solve is his boyfriend's romance, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brought him back to life and decided to break the rules and keep him alive. In his place, the funeral director, who stole jewelry from the corpses, died. When Emerson finds out, and when Chuck wants to help and resolve the murder, he does not agree a bit - for a while, we hear him call Chuck 'Dead Girl'. This is all the secret of Olive's, Tuck Chuck's Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz, respectively), and everyone else for that matter, in case anyone recognizes it from obtuaries, news, etc. Vivian and Lily, formerly synchronized swimmers, had not left home in years. Emerson, Ned, and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck grow to love each other, though they can not touch each other anymore. <br /> This show is funny, there are terrific characters, there are great drawings twists, and they will definitely get your spirits. I hope it is not canceled in 13 episodes.
