This show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarity between "Pass Daisies" style and anyone else was not a thief. (Yes, I saw "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is a bit like, but always different enough to be original.) Instead, there are too few shows on television that have this kind of odic charm. The greatest similarity is to "Die like me", but "P.D" comes by that completely honesty: Bryan Fuller has created both shows. (Both shows involving a young "Undead", for example.) This show never stopped being funny and charming, and it was still odd, but was still human. <br /> I must say a word about conventions in line go online. some people complained that this show was missing a moral center because of the first (and several subsequent) episodes Ned seems to get away with causing the death of Chuck's father without the consequences of any kind. First of all, this must be a new definition of "no consequence of any kind" because, despite the fact that Ned was only a boy and did not realize that he was causing Chuck's death, he always felt guilty of moments That's what he did. Further, on a dozen episodes in the series, Ned finally confessed to Chuck that he had caused his father and his death. Now no police are charged people with magic that causes one's death to not bring another person back to life, so the questions of absolution and restitution must be taken without guidance from society. In other words, it's between Ned and Chuck, who was not inclined to forgive Ned anytime soon. But this point out a problem with the continuing storyline of network drama. I remember when David Caruso's character on "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and he seemed to go with it - for a whole year - then he was caught and forced to resign from the job (and let the show). The point is, viewers should learn by now and do not assume that just because a regular character does something wrong in a single episode, and it does not keep in the episode, that it has gotten away with it. There are still weeks ahead - and maybe even the following year.
