"Pass Daisies" for sure is one of the best TV shows in its genre in the last 5 years, agreeing to you and not. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative idea. It is the idea behind other TV shows such as "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and the other is not as great as those, but also interesting, "Heroes" (2006). It is a mix of the wonderful Brian Fuller created in previous TVs, mixing once more an amazing fantasy world with real people who are disguised in colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something that is still a feast. So being a kind of fairy, you can not expect more than an unrealistic world with unexpected situations, or many situations, but not in a way that it would usually be said. <br /> A gift always comes with a curse, and that sweet can also be bitter. So, Ned (Lee Pace), the Collector, is a simple guy with an interesting gift other than being an amazing chef: he can give life to the deceased and just a touch. This might be a power that everyone would die - or live - if not for anything else simple and sad: it can also be given forever to die if it touches it again. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop there ... everything has a compensation and if it brings anything to life for more than a minute, another species of this one would die instantly. She is a full guy at unfortunate events in life in such a way that she grew up, always afraid to touch everything and lose once more her one day loved love. Until then, she could finally be close to her favorite children, Chuck (Anna Friel), if not for another sad fact: she died. He gave his life again and loves him as he does, but this love is intrerable. Really Kiss Of Death. So how beautiful this modern fairy begins. <br /> When I heard of "Pushing Daisies" for the first time he was promoted as a very familiar thing (or maybe some kind of tribute) in everything that Tim Burton has created since "Big Pee Pee -Wee "(1985) in" Big Fish "(2003) and" Charlie And The Cholate Factory "(2005). The results can not be better. The world around the pie pit was magnificent. The stories around Ned and Cod detective (Chi McBride) are solved by insolent crimes that can be a lot common in television, but this is just a way to guide people to come up with amazing stories that surround characters as Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in a wonderful world full of beautiful images and in dreams that you can almost sense the taste of the colors. Not only that, you merged into a bunch of amazing characters and gentle charisma, even those who have the deepest humor. <br /> <br /> Forget the trivial concept of murder and insolent crime, show off brights and is triumphant in a lot of other things. The actors here are top notes. Lee Pace is tender, soft and winning as the character requires. Anna Friel is the muse of the show as her character is supposed to be. But the most superb times are always with the actors supported as Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (as Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (as Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines to make a dried character drowned in an impossible black humor that could scare a sort, making sure he has the best dialogue with his expression and body language. But if the best diososes were given in swoozie and his character, the best comic moments given by Kristin Chenoweth. Apparently, it's impromptu all the time, it's naturally fun that every single scene is a show aside. Kristin shines so brightly in the show that Emmi 2009 is for her support role in the show was totally fair and deserving. Also there is chemistry between actors and characters, which is also amazing. <br /> There is no word expressing that this TV show really is and what it meant to be. For those who think that this show is a waste of time or claiming to find no sense in it, for sure need to open their minds and comeback at a time that they probably never had: childhood. to be told ... TV has never been so daring on a TV show similar to this amazing one. "Pass Daisies" was a big step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment and sudden death was a lot of disrespect. It is true that television does not respect large TV shows such as those Bryan Fuller created - except "heroes" who are still on air and far are so amazing as the other ones.
