After reading two or three negative reviews on the main page of IMDb for "Pushing Daisies", and having literally minutes of finishing the final episode, I thought it was about time I said what I thought of PD . <br /> <First, to address that some of the issues that I've seen others have with this show: something on the lines of "I hope the people who have awakened from the dead have a reaction more realistic ". Realism, on this show? Push Daisies is, really, pure and utter escapism. It's color palette, the dialogue uses, the scenarios, situations, music: all of it, in me, is just an escape from everyday life. An escape from the world and boring. It is here where Pushing Daisies exceeds exceptionally well Injury is not for everyone: A large majority of the TV audience does not "get" it, for some people it's just too out and funny. But for people like me, even from the first episode I looked at it (Season 2 to "Frescorts") and I just blown away at the show. Since then I bought both boxes and they were barely out of my DVD player. Others I know can not stand it, it really looks like Mariti. <br /> <br /> The show follows the adventures of Ned, the Fisherman, and a magic fingers, which brings back Charlotte Charlotte, working in association with private investigator Emerson Cod, possessing the tat-hole and serving the waitress restaurant Olive Snook. Complete the main cast members Lily and Vivian, whom Charlotte (Chuck) never allowed to see. They live in a fantasy world where the dead are brought back to life, everything is shown with a splendid splendor of color, and tells by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> Other than underlining the basics of the show, I really can not praise it much more without saying: Just look at it. Although being screwed up by the Guild Writer in America strike, with only 22 episodes ever to be performed, it provides torsion to draw wonderful things, story lines, characters and situations while giving (to me) a satisfying finish (yes, I could say she had been nailed to the end and running, but I was always happy with the way it came out.) If it's creative or just firefight, for a lot of people (I include it) made the most addictive and wonderful look, and I hope for the TV show that's more like this to create so I do not let with just 22, 40 minutes of memories of what true entertainment can be.
