The year 2005 saw no less than 3 films produced in great novel H. G. Wells, "War of the Worlds". This is perhaps the least well-known and very probably the best of them. No other version of WotW has ever tried to not only present the very story as Wells writes it, but also to create the atmosphere of the time in which it was supposed to take place: the last year of the 19th century, 1900? using the original Wells' environment, in and near Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb looks fruity in what is considered "spoiler". That would apply to some films, where the finish might actually be a surprise, but with regard to one of the most popular novels in the world, it looks positively unusual. I have no sympathy for those who have neglected one of the foundational works of English literature, so let's get the right chase. Aliens are destroyed by taking a Earth's disease, against which they have no immunity. If that's a stake, so be it; After a book and 3 other films (including the 1953 classic), you must know how this is done. This movie, which follows Wells' draws in the main, is also very cleverly presented ?? in a way that could put many viewers in due regard to ignorance at the late 19th / early 20th century photography. Although filmed in a widespread aspect, the film goes into some lengths to give an impression of contemporaryness. The overall coloring of skin and clothing display of a sepia tape often found in old pictures (rather than black). Colors are often reminiscent of hand-tinting. In other times, the colors wash out. These typical variations in early film, which did not use standard cellulite certificates and therefore presents a great many changes in print quality, even go to black / white sepia / white in blue / white red / white and so on ?? as you will see on occasion here. Special effects are deliberately retrograde, in a sort of similar look as late as the 1920s. and again the Martians and their cars are numerous as Wells describes them and have a more realistic "feel". Some of the effects are really awkward ?? such as Big Ben's destruction. Acting is often more in the style of this past period. Some aspects of Victorian clothing can appear odd, particularly used in flaps or glossy on top and facial hair. <br /> <br /> This movie is the only one that follows and originally original original Wells' s? as noted. Viewers can find it informative to note the graphic details that appear here that are periodically kept in other versions of the story. Wells' description of the Martyrs ?? a giant top mounted on many tent ?? is effectively described. When the Martian cars appear, about an hour in the movie, they also give a good impression of how Wells describes them. Both Wells and this film make an excellent job of showing the progress of the Martians from limited perspective (especially) in rural England? plus a few scenes in London (involving Narrator's brother). The director is able to withstand the destruction of a Big Ben, but at least does not remain unnecessarily on the devastation of London. The victory of the Martians is hardly a surprise, despite the destruction by cannons of some of the cars. The Narrator, travel to escape, sees much of what the term Wells "The Way of Humanity". He encounters a curate endowed with the Victorian affliction of a very precious and nervous personality. They eventually find themselves on the very edge of a Martian nest, where they discover a terrible reality: the Martians are shown to be vampires who consume the living creatures in a very effective scene. Wells adds that after eating they set up "an extended and happy hooting". The Narrator is ultimately required to curating the increasingly hysterical curating curating ?? who revived as the Martians dragged him away to the larder (cheers from the gallery; British curates, so often quite obnoxious). This movie lasts almost 3 hours, goes to Wells' story in detail. It's about the time the author got it? in a compelling presentation built into dramatic impact. A word about the act: Do not expect award-winning performance. They are not bad, however, the actors are serious and grow on you. Most of them, however, had many abbreviated movie quarries, often only in this movie. The Narrator is played by hunky Anthony Piana, in his 2 films. Curate is John Kaufman also in his 2 films as an actor but who had more experience directly. The brother (Henderson) plays with some convictions by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. Artilleryman's only other seashable part, played by James Lathrop in his debut film. This is generally a splendid film, portrait for the first time War of the Worlds as Wells wrote it. Despite its slight damage, it is far and better than any of its hyped-up competitors. If you want to see H. G. Wells' war in their world ?? and not a few versions deformed in it ?? see this movie!
