Imagine that you might have anything you wanted, go anywhere you wanted, for anything you would ever dream of being - to think alone. Now imagine yourself sharing this gift and love in your life. What were you doing? Will these powers be worth your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in the "Cage" episode of the current-legendary pilot of the Star Trek Star Series. Familiar judging "too cerebral" and "too cold" by NBC bronze and rejected, the "cage" was the most ambitious and precious pilot ever made in the history of the network at the time, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to leave All that effort and expense go into garbage, and the result of this truly classic Star Trek episode, which embeds the "Cage" into a framed story that deepens and develops emotional and philosophical depths in this haunting story, a landmark in television history and one of the first serious stories ever-filmed ever to be filmed for the small screen ... Star Dat 3012: The USS Enterprise Divides Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock receives an urgent message the former commander of the Enterprise. Surprisingly, the message can not come from Captain Pike after all, as it is now imprisoned in a wheelchair, mute and horribly defined after a tragic accident. Kirk and Starbase commanding commander Commendor Mendez try to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the problem can be cleared up, Spock - for unknown reasons - commits an act of open mutin, Captain Pike's kidnapping, and dodging Enterprise through a brilliant thought-out plan and timing helped by a few Vulcan nerves. Soon, the Enterprise headed for the remote planet, banned from Talos IV. Mendez informed Kirk that Talos IV is under ban, and any contact with the planet by Starfleet or personal container brings an immediate death sentence, meaning that Spock appears to be deliberately destroying himself, and Kirk as well, given that The Captain will be responsible for the boat activity. Apparently, Kirk and Mendez provide chase in a craft, which itself becomes dangerous when the Enterprise refuses to answer the call or pick up the craft until power and oxygen are almost gone. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be one of these ships - of course can give Captain certain deaths. After ordering the shuttle to be retrieved and occupying officers aboard, Spock reveals what he did to McCoy and demands to be arrested, after placing the vessel on an irreversible Talos IV course. Upon reinforcing orders, Kirk asked an explanation, where Spock demanded immediate martial court by a court of Starfleet Commander officer - who has three on board - Mendez, Kirk, and the capital's capital capital. Spock's instructional knowledge of Starfleet's rules allows him to manipulate the court by allowing otherwise otherwise inadmissible evidence. Spock presents video recording of the only link ever made between the Federation and the inhabitants of Talos IV - a journey taken 13 years earlier by the Enterprise itself under the Pike order. Kirk expressed doubts about the authenticity of the video due to its extreme detail, but the reality of the show events is confirmed by Pike himself, who turned out to have attracted Talos IV by a distress call from the alleged survivors of a search Federation vessels that crashed have 18 years already. Among the survivors are Vina, a stunning beauty said they were just before the disaster. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows her to lure her into an isolated spot, hitting her waylaid and being captured by the Talosians, a race of men androgynous energynous and enormous cranial ability and power to transform thoughts into virtual reality. After capturing pike, the rest of the "survivors" disappeared as none of them really exist except Vina. The episode ends when the court learns that the "evidence" of Spock is in fact transmitted to the Enterprise directly to Talos IV, in violation of the rules of Starfleet. Starfleet orders an immediate stop to the transmissions, and we ask what will happen next ... They must proceed in a review of the "Menagerie: Part II"!
