Menagerie parties one and two were the 2nd-party pager during the 3 year running of the original trek and it was because Roddenberry was able to insert most of the footage from the 1st pilot "Cage." The move made out of necessity, to combat the deadline issue of receiving episodes that produce (such as a sf show back in the 1960s was a hassle to get over time). A positive result back then, that hearing, unaware of the pilot produced almost a couple of years earlier, was treated to a whole new team and captain for the two episodes on the regular cast of characters, as if The producers spent double the money on the episodes featuring a television season spanning a dozen years in Starfleet history (though they still use terms like 'Space Fleet United' in the early episodes). Space Mystery Conspiracy: The Enterprise is hijacked Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon Spock is a suspect of these shenanigans. Astonishingly, though even McCoy belabors the fact that Vulcan Spock's legacy makes subterfuge on his part impossible, it turns out that Spock is indeed acted out some mutinous scheme Shanghai our precious vessels and kidnapping his former commander, Pike, now to be horribly disabled. Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or did he simply go crazy? It can be very well, because it is directing Enterprise Talos IV, so its off-limiting planet in the subject of the sanction is only known death on the book Starfleet. When the gig is up, there's a big scene of Spock surrendering to a flabbergasted McCoy, like Uhura looks like in shock. Even Kirk, usually fixed as a commander should, does not know what to do in the logical conduct of the first officer. <br /> In the third and final acts, we begin to see images transmitted to a mission of the Enterprise from 13 years before, when Captain. Pike was captain and Spock was one of his officers. We really do not know where all this will be and what Spock hopes to accomplish - and that's another thing that's doing a very good 2-party - we really need to know what it all about in the 2nd part. Not only Spock faces serious penalties, but it seems Kirk's career may end, as well. Double in danger, as. This is also the 1st TV episode featuring one of these shuttlecrafts (There were no available at the earliest of the "enemy of" when crafts were really needed). There is also one of these ripeness paints to transmit the ambiance of a futuristic starbase - this was the only way to visualize things back then. Finally, check Kirk's approach to the start of episode - the boy, doing things going on as the story progresses.
