I must warn you, there are some deflators in it. But to start it off, I received "Spanish judges" in February I think. He mentioned he was the last copy, but as I see, he has not returned the order. But either way, I have it. I thought it was good. I wanted to see this mostly because of the great actor, Matthew Lillard (I'm surprised not to have one comment on the brand) although it's kind of low budget, getting enough money to make this movie worth the cost. Man, what a good actor. The story read about a known artist as Jack (Matthew Lillard) that "claims" has merchandise called the Spanish Judges. If you do not know what the Spanish Judge or you do not see the trailer for this and this is the first review you read, I will not even say what they are. I figured it would be a big twist nobody knew what it was. She needs protection, thereby hiring a couple of cats, Max and Jamie (Vincent D'Onofrio and Valeria Golino) as well as a thief who goes by the name of pieces (Mark Boone Junior). He has a girlfriend who does not even tell anyone his name because he's from Mars, as he says. So they (especially Jack) call it "Mars Girl". All start out fine, but then it turns out to be a great game. A game involving some lust, lies and betrayal. There were some about acting in it (Matt and Valeria, as well as Tamara, were not one of them). There were some scenes that could have made better and the score could have been a little better as well. Some of the notes were actually good. The terms used for beginning and ending (before credit) were a good choice choice, my opinion. The fight scene at the end could be a little longer and a little more violent, but what can you do? Another comment on Matt: Unfortunately, he plays a smooth man, slick con. <br /> I know this is a review, but I need to make a correction towards NeCRo, one of the reviews: Valeria Golino is not a new one. According to this site, he has been acting since 1983. For me, and hopefully others, it is well known as Charlie Sheen's favorite love for both of the "hot shots!" cinema. But good review. Although I think it's one of the rare films I've seen and it's really good (which is why I gave it 10 stars above), I'll give the class to what I thought when I saw him 'first. <br /> <br /> 8/10
