You should not take what I am going to say slowly. I have seen so many films and have reviewed a great deal of them, in print. So when I tell you that this movie has the single boring scene I've ever seen in a movie, you might want to listen to me. There's a lot of diversity in views as this makes this incredible movie stupid as funny as it is. And people just did not get, well, I can not blame them, too much. The scene I talked about, comes in about 30 minutes of the mark and involves a death sentence John Candy. Until that point, I found the mute movie, confusing and it began to lose me. Then the scene came, I laughed so hard, I peed my pants. There is no movie ever to do that before me. When the project started, "Ale Berserk" was supposed to be the SCTV movie. I remember being announced. As time went by, whittled down Jan John Candy, Joe Flaherty & Eugene Levy. There is also a change in the Universal Diet, while he was injected, because of being released, has shown in almost zero theaters. When watching this a second time, I listen to the theme song (which actually flaunts how incomprehensible the plot is, in the lyrics), relaxed my logic nerve and figured out what was going on. Aside from the aforementioned routine, "Ale Berserk" has many other hilarious scenes to recommend. This is almost a 3 stooges flickering movie, except it's very funnier. Director David Steinberg has razor sharp distribution, and has to laugh all over it. As for Candy, who's basically in charge here, it has never been funnier. With all the scheme devices and exploration scenes throw out the window, it's absolutely running wild. Flaherty and Levy follow it easy. There is a plot, but it's a plot like "Animal House" had a plot, and yes, the script is uneven, and a slow start to start. Once you know this, however, you can quite appreciate full SCTV style in style that sweeps. It is stupid, but it's stupid on purpose, and you need to remember that when you see it. See it, and discover for yourself, if it has the funniest scenes of all time in it.
