O darling. Here is another example of "Oireland" and religion. No doubt we will see some idle depressions featuring some "hunky and macho fighters" from the IRA. Well that was my initial reaction when credit began but just over an hour and a half later I was in a state of shock. What a superb movie <br /> The story begins on the day of the marriage between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a little problem since being married to the Catholic Church and Sheila is a Protestant but in order for the wedding to come Sheila takes a promise that her children will bring up Catholics and go to the Catholic school when you're old adult enough. The story - which is in the 1950s - then jumps forward a few years when the Cloney daughters are about to start school but Sheila has decided to go to the local Protestant school much in the disgust of the spokesman spokesman local father. From the scramble things <br /> Let me put my card on the table and state that despite having both Irish heritage and Scottish Protestants I brought up as agnostic and considered myself as an atheist of all adult life me. In fact when it comes to religion I consider myself a Marxist and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people. A dividing love shows what happens when self guardians take it over to tell others what they think and believe. Do I have this testimony to say that if Karl Marx saw this movie he would like it and call it a masterpiece? Perhaps I should not have since the drama in this story shows what happens when others think you're in <br /> In the answer to the review couple who claimed this movie is propaganda of the worst sort I'm not claiming They know the exact details of what happened in Wexford County and there is no deny that Father Stafford and his sheep of Catholic cousins ​​described as being the bad guys but Sheila is not blameless. Think of a woman living in a rural village in the 1950s Ireland that takes a pledge to bring her children as Catholics then change her mind and believe there will be no consequence of this? This is a warning against taking promises and not keeping them. Not only that but it disappears from others gathering pieces of life to break them. There is also something that no other person has collected and that is that the only character and any kind of moral sense is the former IRA man Andy Bailey who shows being gallant not because he was a former member of IRA ( That's a change. We're not talking about your own DOE here, but simply because it's an atheist who has decided to think for himself <br /> <br /> A dividing love is a superb movie that has a much to say for himself, all of which I agree with. If there's any sort of criticism it's that it feels too much like a TVM rather than a movie theater but believes me I can live with that and it is essential to watch anyone think religion is opium in the masses
