I never fail to be surprised and fears of the evil that has been predicted in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in Twentieth Version Ireland range right up near the head - consider That the wisdom of history and modern times should have had some serious effects. The divorced story is the story of a real family scarred by ignorant intolerance and prejudice all in the name of a disrespectful Church doctrine. In the beginning of the film, we offer a view of the bucolic life of a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Cloney are happily married to two small children. Sean is Catholic and Sheila is Protestant, but she has no crime with the children being raised as Catholic. There are no signs of any animosity between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peace and love relationships quickly break when Sheila expresses desire to make older children go to the Protestant School. The local priest took it on himself to prevent this "sin" and soon there sheil husband and the entire Catholic population in the village turned against him as well as his father, the local dairy farmer. In a challenge and despair, sheila kidnapped her two daughters and ran out of the area. <br /> <br /> Special note should be given to Orla Brady who plays Sheila. It provides a very powerful performance in which the visualizer draws in the emotional trauma in which he decides to reject the wishes of a husband deeply loved in order to express his fervent desire to establish himself as independent of the pressures of the establishment. On an equal footing is Liam Cunningham playing Sean for providing a realistic portrait of a man not as complex as his wife torn between his love for the influence and influence of the Church and the community. If fiction, this movie would be a compelling and exciting drama. Considering it is true, it changes to a terrible tragedy. In real life, people and the village never completely recover from the events that took place. It took almost half a century for the Church to recognize its negative role in the events, and even though Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the area, they never completely recover from what made them religious leaders and fellow villagers If it denies basic rights in education of choice, crashing aircraft in buildings, subjugating women, condemned whole races, or just plain on torture and murder, we certainly have the ability to use religion as a powerful negative force in society our.
