She would ask for beauty and eloquence in Shakespeare for doing this fairly featured cinematic feat. But I'll give it a go. <br /> As far as the amulet adaptation goes one this is already at a better point start than any other version since it encompasses play at all. Still this is no guarantee for a first-rate movie, or even a good one. Generally, I'm not so much at the movies and trends that seem to be prevalent in Hollywood today, namely that movies should be at least two hours long, preferably three, one that is expected to not last long. Some stories are strong enough to withstand this very exploration and can do with some cuts. Make a four-hour film and keep it interesting is not a bit undertaken, but Kenneth Branagh pulls it off with flying colors. He managed to make a very long film seems no more than any average film. I was completely lousy from start to finish. The cast is excellent with Kenneth Branagh himself as the prince tease to give a strong and memorable performance. He manages to convey his feelings admirable in his voice and one must not make an expert on verse Shakespearean to catch the myriad of emotions that will lead him inside. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what to expect really. I still loved it well enough as an actor but was not sure he could pull in Shakespeare's play. Well, it certainly eliminates all doubts and performance. It's the best Ophelia I've seen and lent as the character's depth and it's simply wonderful. Other brilliant performances are Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio in the name but a few. I loved the fact that Branagh used some internationally famous stars to play in some of the minor roles; I especially enjoyed the boxing between Hamlet and the gravedigger played by Billy Crystal. The setting in the play in the 19th century gives a welcome change to the usually gloomy gothic settings. It is general lighter than other versions I've seen, more colorful and lavish, but not distracted from the tragedy of the play. It is exceptional, stylish and aesthetically pleasing, a definite pleasure in the eye and other senses as well. Music by Patrick Doyle is as always magical and well in tune with the movie. One can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction after seeing it. I'm shocked and surprised that this exquisite work of art did not have an Academy Award for best photos, even more so that it was not even nominated. There was no way to have a better movie doing this year, or any other year for that problem. This is as close to perfection as you can expect. <br /> <br /> To sum up, a stunning job of pure engineering and I can not see how anyone can head this. My hats are coming to you Mr. Branagh.
