William Shakespeare would be very proud of the particular version of his play. Not only is it the best movie version of it, but it's also just the complete version of Hamlet. Hamlet Kenneth Branagh is simply engineering. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because it was the bowel to do the whole thing, though it went just about four hours. <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his plan to avenge his father's death, so I will not go into the details of the story. I will, however, tell you that the best part of this Hamlet version is not the enchanting magnificence or the stunning photography, but the actors' interpretation of each character. I doubt you will find a better Polonius than Richard Briers's great painters. Plus, you can not go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. Also, Derek Jacobi, a regular among Shakespeare adaptations is beautiful as antagonist in Hamlet. <br /> Of course, we must talk about Kenneth Branagh. He picked up the audience when he came to the scene with his first trip to Shakespeare, Henry V. He outdoes himself and Hamlet. Sure, Olivier's presence was fascinating, but I think Branagh's performance is wonderful. When you look at it on screen, it's almost as if he knew exactly how Shakespeare wanted the role to be played. How it was not nominated for an Oscar is a total mystery. At least the film received a few nominations and even an odd choice for Screenplay. I guess they know good writing when they see it though. <br /> <br /> All in all, you will never find a richer output and cost to Bard's best play. To say that the technical aspects were awesome would be an understatement. If you like to play this and are a Shakespeare fan, you definitely need to check out this movie. Even if you do not really care for Shakespeare, the visuals will keep you busy for the duration of the movie. You may not think that you'll be able to sit at all in it at once, but you'll soon find that this movie will stop you going to see it even more.
