A lot of people who do not think Branagh's Hamlet movie are all that good, but I must admit I think it's great. Like virtually every Shakespeare production, it has problems and it has to make hard choices, not all of which work out. The thing about the "secret doors everywhere", for example, simply does not work. This element never realizes the ominous feelings of metaphor or analogy that it attempts, which results in the play being too gaudy and losing its trademark sense of a thousand mysteries appear. This is the biggest problem with this production. And while it's a biggie, I'm also inclined to say it's the only problem. Almost everything else works out absolutely well. All right, so Branagh is a too old MITE for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced. And it becomes too hysterical at times. But that's it. There are no other complaints. Even with these faults, I think that this version is one foundation, and if it's not as powerful a drama as it should be, it's every bit the literary work that it equally should be. We find the perfect text of the longest, most innovative and cheapest version of the play, especially in the perfect, modern and extremely precise, even though they sometimes speak too fast in order to find the text of the massive them. But at a gathering in Shakespeare, it's simply not possible to talk slowly enough for the audience to really appreciate the full depth of the language. For this, one must search through the playback versions of the play. <br /> All the actors in this version are simply mesmerizing and utterly classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is surely one of the best ever, and even American actors are surprised, esp. Charlton Heston as the player king - who would think it ?! (A story that will be around Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when a critic of the front row could not stop acting and said loudly, "This is terrible!", Heston reported repossessed the right from the stage: Well, I did not write this crap! "Of course it can not be true, but it's a funny story - and if true, a bold and ironic choice for Branagh includes Heston here.) Robin Williams as "Young Ozric" is perhaps not young enough for the party, but it makes it a funny one, which is justified. <br /> <br /> Overall it is a very well-produced version, and most in the key scenes of being in my mind superstar memorable. Of course, I watched this movie as I became interested in Shakespeare (and around the same time as Romeo Luhrmann + Juliet's terrible), and he did a big impression on me, which must account for some of my boyfriend for it. <br /> All things considered, I must pronounce Branham's Hamlet to be my one favorite, and 1980 versions Derek Jacobi to the BBC a second closed. I probably love Branagh's Shakespeare more than most, finding him an expert and popular interpreter, with an accidentally casual look at the words with a deep and inappropriate appreciation and unashamedly enthusiasm in the text. In the world of Shakespeare acting, the glowing brightness remains Olivier and Branagh, and while Olivier is the superior actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare down from the pedestal of snobobey and artifice, and transforms it into churlish, easy-going, populist world while compromising none of its dignity. Branagh, I believe, brings out a better Shakespeare than the world again to see. <br /> So 10 out of 10 for an absolutely tremendous hamlet.
