When I first read Hamlet, I could not help but think of the finish in Outraged Fortune, where Bette Midler puts down the play because of how it is indirect, saying, "Give me Romeo any day." Five acts of man trying to decide if you do not kill his uncle or not? It looked like overkill me. But on more reading, I have grown to really appreciate the play. I saw the versions of Olivier and Gibson movie (and part of the version of Nicol Williamson), and all of them took the models from Olivier; Dane and Tristesse. Olivier at least did it without self-indulgentness, but Gibson, and, from what I saw, Williamson, seemed to have gone to "look, Ma, I'm acting! I act! " school. <br /> Now here comes the Kenneth Branagh version, which is breathtaking from start to finish. He finished # 2 over ten my top 1996 (behind the English Patient, and front of STAR LONE, Jerry Maguire, Fargo, SECRETS & SEVERE, everyone says I love you, flirting and disaster, great nights, and looking for RICHARD ) and is the best Hamlet, and maybe the best Shakespeare, movie set. Obviously, Branagh's talent as a movie-maker, making full-length version, 70mm print, and not losing our interest for four hours, is great, but what seems to be overlooked in discussions about this movie is his performance in the title role. This was my favorite performance in the near future. Branagh avoids the melody that the actors seem to be trapped in playing Hamlet as a normal, regular person, and makes us understand his actions and feelings every step of the way. And unlike Olivier, which depends mostly on his voice, Branagh uses his whole body to demonstrate the range of emotions that Hamlet goes through, but since it plays it as usual, none of it seems like landscape-milling. / The rest of the cast is top-notch as well. I did not even mind Jack Lemmon, though I agree he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising turn came from Charlton Heston; I've always found him stiff as a board, but he's quite commander as the king of the players. The other great surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I'd get it all wrong as the 1st Gravedigger, but it was usual to funny himself while being in character. All in all, a wonderful movie!
