This was the second of two "Hamlets" filmed in the nineties, the first Franco Zeffirelli, starting Mel Gibson, from 1990. Zeffirelli's version, such as Laurence Olivier from 1948, was based on a version abbreviated to the play, and many of Shakespeare's original texts were cut. (I never saw Tony Richardson's version of 1969, but as it ran in less than two hours, shorter than the Zeffirelli, I suppose that was also abridged). Kenneth Branagh has tried something more ambitious- a movie based on full text of the play, and a long run of around four hours. <br /> With Henry V, Branagh claimed the crown of Olivier as the leading Shakespearean cinema, confirming his claim with his brilliant "Many Ado on Nothing", a rare example of a big movie based on a comedy Shakespeare. "Hamlet" was his third Shakespeare movie as director (he also acted as Iago in the "Othello" of Oliver Parker's 1995), and, as one might expect, it is very different from "Many Ado ??". The earliest movie, shot in a villa in the hills of Tuscany and the beautiful surrounding country, is a happy movie, epic film about everything that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet", by contrast is set in the depths of winter. (The flowers in Ophelia's death description suggest that Shakespeare himself thought of the action happening in the summer). Watching the movie is particularly striking, both rich and chilly. He was filmed at Blenheim Palace, possibly the most enchanting Three-storey Metro England, but also a rather banned one. Exterior exterior scenes are cold and carbonated; These formal and elaborate interior. The action is upheld in the nineteenth century; The female characters wear elaborate modes of this era, while principal but especially wearing military uniform. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirelli's film, where both the interiors and costumes are deliberately submitted to tones). The game is dominated by images of corruption and decay; Britain's intent could contrast a splendid surface and hide "something rotten in the state of Denmark". The film is remarkable for large numbers of big-name actors, some of them in many minor roles. (Blink, and you may miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Apparently, a cast all stars asked the production company, which was nervous about a four-hour movie. Some of the stars imported Hollywood, such as Robin Williams' Osric, did not really come out, but others, like Charlton Heston's players or Billy Crystal's first Gravedigger, played the beautiful parts. Yorick, normally only seen as a skull, here is seen in flashback, played by the British comedy Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays jovial characters, threw away the qualities as the Holy Ghost, and makes the scenes in which it looks really scary. Of the major characters, perhaps the weakest was the Ophelia Kate Winslet. Ladyagh's leading bran in his first Shakespeare movie was then his wife Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. I did, however, find myself wanting that Thompson was cast into the role; Although Winslet entered his own to Ophelia's film scene, he seemed to be weak in the earliest people where his character was still sane. (I preferred Helena Bonham Carter in Zeffirelli's version). Richard Briers plays Polonies with a greater dignity than it is often given, a wise and experienced advisor rather than an old crazy man. Julie Christie also brings dignity to Gertrude's role; There is no attempt here, as there and Gibson and Glenn Lock in the Zeffirelli version, suggest an incestuous attachment between it and Hamlet. (An interpretation that must be more Freud than it does Shakespeare). Differences between Christie and Branagh are great enough for them to be credible as mothers and children, which were certainly not the case with Clinton and Gibson. (Gertrude Olivier, Eileen Herlie, was, bizarre, thirteen years younger than her). Branagh stated his intention to restore the scenes that often cut off in the Cinemas version was to "strengthen the idea that play is on a national as well as domestic tragedy." Many stress puts on the war with Norway and the Norwegian Prince Fortinbras - a subplot is ignored altogether by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on the national tragedy is perhaps the best display of characters in Claudius, sometimes played as a wicked one. There is something about Derek Jacobi's performance that suggests that Claudius could be a good man in different circumstances, but that he allowed himself to be led astray in ambition and lust. He was a good servant and faithful to his brother, but he chose to rule as a bad king. Although he is suffering from guilt, he can see no way to compensate for the wrong he did. <br /> <br /> Branagh, a beautiful speaker speaks in the verse Shakespeare, is superb in the main role. Like Gibson, it has little time for the old concept of Hamlet as indecisive, passive and saddeness. It is an active, physical, energetic, something that is best shown in its fatal duel and Laertes. The guiding principle is not world-weary despair, but is an active and evil disguise and corruption. It was a player for Branagh to do a four-quarter season, and the movie was not well in office box. He was, however, praised by many critics, James Berardinelli being particularly enthusiastic. My own opinion is that, regardless of their financial return, Branagh's spine plays in artistic terms. By focusing on the complete text, she could carry out the full meaning and emotional power of Shakespeare's most complex play. When I reviewed her "Many Ado ??", I said she was the greatest ever movie ever in a Shakespeare comedy. "Hamlet" can be just for bigger movie ever in a Shakespeare tragedy. 10/10
