The image of the movie-driven movie being financially-driven instead of creativity is not true (in fact, it's more than fake). This begs the question why Castle Rock Entertainment allows Kenneth Branagh to create a full length, longest in "Hamlet" and his creative creative controls among other things. Of course, Branagh has agreed with some concessions (a star-studded cast, with an 2.5-hour version for larger release), but why would the movie studio allow Branagh to spend money on a 4-hour version that they knew can you see? Could they, at least in this case, have had enough respect for the material and Branagh's vision to create something for just a few people? This is not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a glorious vision for those who want to spend four hours watching "Hamlet." Everyone knows the story, so I will not spend much time on that. However, unlike other productions of the play, steps included, this is a completely uncut production, which has never done before. According to some, Shakespeare never intended for the play to be uncut product, leaving the decision of what is included in the discretion of the director. That said, I have no doubt that he could see it, Bard would have been pleased with Branagh's production. The movie is top-heavy and movie stars, although most have little bit of party. All parties play equally well. I would have thought Branagh too old to play the part of Hamlet, and while she still can, her performance more than done for her. Hamlet is a complex part, shows all emotions from distressing anger, happiness in madness, and everything in between. Branagh nailed it. Derek Jacobi is terrific as Claudius's wily, whose deception and treachery lay all this in motion; Her unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, the mother of the Hamlet who does not realize what's going on late in the game. Classical actors are thrown out in small parts (Judi Dench is over for 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they're in it. Surprising, no one takes this into heart; everyone gives it all, and it shows. Special mention has to go to Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who is excellent. Robin Williams is a little too unusual, but it's not bad (her part is pretty cute anyway). But this is endenyable to show Branagh. He adapted one of the most popular plays in history, and in doing so, he took over a candle in a project; It's impressive that he got it done, but the fact that the movie is this good is a monumental success. What I really liked about this movie is that you do not have to be a Shakespeare student to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to digest, but Branagh and throw it to understand this. "Hamlet" is still incredibly enjoyable just to sit down and listen to the actors delivering the brilliant and excellent acting dialogue. This is a must see for anyone and everyone. It can be four hours, but it's definitely worth it.
