First, what I did not like. The act was not really up to the Hamlet's standard. Branagh was really over-the-top, making a lot of calling well especially. In my opinion, those actors who have not been big-name celebrities have generally made a better job; even though I would only accept Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston, too, but I was not sure he played in being a hack.) A lot of ambiguities in the game have clearly solved a way to the flashbacks. Though speaking many in favor of this play is that it is accessible. Shakespeare is hard to understand for many people nowadays; many people are not even inclined to try, because of its reputation as its Gravity and English Reactions. If they see this movie they will clearly understand at least someone's interpretation of the play. They will see it more than the Shakespeare audience saw it: a play of sword fighting and fighting, with mighty and noble king, murder and incest with evil schemes and ghosts - with great art, if one cares to look for her, but on Shakespeare's Day most did not, any more than most people do now. Branagh's overacting, and forcing him into his interpretation of the story about the viewer, can be detected in Shakespeare's art a bit, but it is best that modern audiences find a piece of it, rather than nothing. You've got to say one more thing though. Some people complain that "it's set in the 19th century and that was not when Shakespeare". Well, in Shakespeare's time the costumes and scenery were those in their own day for all the plays. Shakespeare may have said it in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or whatever, but he did not dress his character up as they were, he used the costumes at his own time. For the same reason even its full play of anachronism. For example, in the King John English and French have cannons - Robin Hood's day. In Julius Caesar talk of fire, which should not be invented for another thousand years, and in Henry IV they talk about Machiavelli, who has not even been born again then. So I think this objection is funny - you might as well complain that the play is not in Danish (after all they live in Denmark does not they?).
