Always being in school age, and having to learn Shakespeare almost always for the last four years (which is very off-set in any writer, no matter how good), I did not really hope to enjoy this movie when my English teacher puts it on; I thought it would be the English movie movie: bad acting, awfully shot, badly edited and daunting the awful old dialogue, so as you can say, I was all but ready to go to a coma from going la. However, I look and, many of my disorders, found me not only paying attention, but actually enjoying the movie too. This production of Hamlet is perhaps one of the best drama movies I've seen in a long time - and it really brings to life what I hope Shakespeare wanted to play it to be like (well, with the difference that this is movies) better than my English Professor leans over the ever possible text. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with an unexpected favor of far away from boring (though a little hard to keep up with if you are not used in Shakespeare's language) and even smaller parts are designed with a Your skills would not be expected; especially, perhaps, due to the staggering number of cameos this movie has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are great as you expect these two veterans to be, even in the small parts, but it's Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as the Gravedigger who really stand out, giving the following a minor part unexpected zest, as well as offering some funny relief among the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars, of course, are also wonderful. Kenneth Branagh excels as Hamlet, bringing not only the confusion and pain needed in the roll, but also a sort of sardonic air that plays very well at the comic scene, makes the movie as a whole more lookucer. The other big players are also good, but it's Kenneth Branagh who stands up with the upper shoulder in the title role. <br /> <br /> Pieces together, too, are often quite stunning, giving a refreshing change thanks to the old castles corridors we are used to seeing in Shakespeare production, as well as a real sense of land around them. Of course, the film, taken as a movie of its own right, is not without fault, but no big (the rhythm is the only real problem I can think of offhand, as well as the case for anyone who does not use them , as I said, Shakesperean language), and, especially when compared to the sort of Shakespeare production I used to see in class, it really is quite brilliant. She even made me think again before my typical teenager about Shakespeare, which plays her boring (I reach the conclusion is not the plays that are boring, simply the teachers who are reciting them in class). If only they did all in playing it in such movies as this one, the English students in schools everywhere can have a higher opinion of the Bard. <br /> <br /> Overall 7/10
