What an ambitious project Kenneth Branagh undertakes here and how it has been achieved! This is the first version of filmed in 'Hamlet' to use the full text of Shakespeare's play, but Branagh did not do it just because "he was there." His intentions, I believe, have made the play accessible and understood by the general viewer without dumbing it down, so to speak. In return he asks the viewers to put in a small job, a nice enough proposal and one in a bargain. The environment is a generic 19th-century European one and this makes more than good work, it maintains a modern or ancient look from possibly distracting from the work itself. Drawing in production and cinematography with both exceptional, which helps incredibly when you watch a four-hour movie. Branagh's casting is once again inspiring and acting is similarly. The Direction accomplished the heavy work of doing this a movie rather than a deluxe version of a play. Since many of Hamlet's are based on inner monologues and there are relatively few duels, battles, etc., this can be a daunting task. But everything Branagh tries to look like work. Branagh has always been one of the most exciting actors / directors, if not always the best, since he made his great splash with Henry V. One of my riddles was with me what I saw as a tendency to make it come at times. In his painting of Hamlet here he might be accused of that yet, but there is a method of working. Let's deal with it, 'Hamlet' is not an easy task for the average person to understand and if one has never seen it before, he or she needs help even if he's been playing. Hamlet has the most line of any character Shakespearian and Branagh sure that viewer knows what this man will think and feel in the movie, even if you do not know the literal meaning of each word arcane. This performance by Branagh was at least at least at least in an Oscar nomination. There are many other outstanding performances here are too much to mention, but some have to be recognized. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is superb but even took a seat back to Kate Winslet when she came out handing out praise. His portrait of Ophelia is scary in its depth of sentiment, made only more outstanding by the knowledge that he was only about 20 years old at the time! It looks like me the youngest teen actress around. Other super performers in no particular order are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney, and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz, respectively. Honorable mention goes to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston, and Robin Williams, who managed to do her thing here successfully. Even Billy Crystal as a gravedigger work. Members of one who is not, inexplicably, are Jack Lemmon. At the opening stage that looks very much, and while the other three actors do a great job in putting the tense mood, Lemmon sounds like it's just running the line of recurrence as a favor. You know this has to be a real dilemma for Branagh, since everything else about the cinemas shout out that it's the job of a perfectionist. <br /> Do not be facetious when talking in a four-hour movie, but it looks just a tad too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to go on a bit, if I can be so bold, and a little bit of judicial cuts should be welcomed. <br /> <br /> Did I forget anything, other than Patrick Doyle's notes? No doubt I did. I'll just sum it by saying Kenneth Branagh can have made the final movie version of 'Hamlet,' and it will be a truly monumental monument to this one.
