Moonchild is a very difficult movie to categorize. It is easier to think of it as several snapshots in the lives of two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gang set in a multicultural city in the near future and that one of them is a vampire does not prevent them from having moments like any other person, and this is one of the places where this movie It's different with everything I've ever heard of. It does not get wrapped up in the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something that has to be done with any other problem. The way the characters communicate are amazingly realistic - there are nasty families and tricks that are meant to look cool that just does not work, leaving the movie with a nice sense of not taking it too seriously for the most part. > <br /> The other area that really stands before me is their language. The fictional city of Mallepa has various cultural groups, and speakers speak the language that they should expect to speak. Young Japanese gang speaks Japanese with each other, but Chinese when talking to characters of Chinese descent. Perhaps the most fun exchange involves an Australian and will be held in English. The actors of the four joust characters primarily have three mother tongue separated between them and speaking varied levels in each other's language, so it's quite a feat that the movie has been done at all. Which, I believe, brings me to the lead actors. Many are made in the fact that the movie stars of Japan's largest rockstars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwan superstar Lee-Wang Wang, whether it is praised to act or criticize it or simply fangirl over them . In my opinion, Lee-hom is the best of playing a straightforward and realistic character. However, any lack of acting ability in Gackt's party is especially masculine by the fact that the character he plays is prone to being over-dramatic. I was not sure that Hyde's character was supposed to be like sulky and sarcastic as it came across, but it did not really detract from the movie either way. There are several scenes that take rather melodramatic turn, which made it difficult to affect my emotional lot (although this does not seem to stop a lot of people). I found it best to just enjoy the movie for what it is and it does not take it too badly - It's perfect to get out and watch with a group of friends. It does have its flaws, but in general it was very enjoyable and I would highly recommend it to anyone who does not mind a few subtitles.
