Based on the idea of ​​Gackt, Moon Kids took place in a poorly-populated country called Mallepa. In a futuristic timeline, the story follows the lives of the two main characters, Kei (HYDE) and Sho (Gackt) and friends are growing together. <br /> Although some actions can be overly done or maybe funny, I believe this is a movie about friendship. Even among all the difficulties between each character, in the end, each of them wanted to have someone on their side, they have friends. Kei describes a vampire who loathed the idea to kill them. A vampire finds friends from a boy, Sho is not afraid of Kei. Whatever some might have thought, I saw Kei as a figure of their father Sho. Kei was there in the earliest life of Sho, she cared for her and taught her to live in a world where power between gang controls their lives. On the other hand, Sho is perhaps seen as a young innocent young enthusiastic style, she has grown to be a man who realizes that life is not all about fun and games, that death exists and can take away her loved ones I love the party where Lee Hom, the actor who plays Son, first appears on the screen. The way they met was quite cool indeed. The child also has a large part of this movie, the fact that he is from a different race, a Taiwanese, has done quite an impact on the friendship theme of the movie. How How Friends Have Developed Despite The Differences Between History Was Presented In This Movie. <br /> I believe every actor has done a great job considering that this was the first time they appeared in the big screen movie. Both HYDE and Gackt manage to act well and create credible characters. Unlike movies that have turned actors and full movie makers and songs, they have done great acts of acting! The Children of the Moon really made an impact for me, gave friends a new meaning and consideration, that we should appreciate every friendship in our lives. The movie shows a lot of hope, despite all the bad things that happen in life, that there's always hope. Life can be cruel, so it looks like hope does not exist any more. It also shows a very strong sense of friendship between one another, even when Son became the enemy, Sho had some sort of "fun" in the latest fights. Every one of them wants peace in the end, no matter how far apart they have come. The end scene showed it to us.
