The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi saw a move away from Poe and in the field of science fiction series. Karloff plays Dr. Janos Rukh, creator of a device that can take light rays into his telescope in the Carpathian Mountains and translate them into pictures that form a visual history of the universe. <br /> <br /> Before several guests, including Lugosi as Dr. Benet, an astro-store that has already been excavated in Rukh's theory, demonstrates the existence of a radioactive sex component, here is called "Radium X" , which contained a meteor that fell on Earth in darker Africa several thousand years ago. Karloff joins with expedition to prove its theory, but Radium X is a tough compound - it levels the mountains in length, and heals blind in short range. Rukh is negligently, however, with poison himself, glowing in the dark rather than those old Ready Breck advertising! Dr. Benet is on hand to elaborate a counter-active for the radiation, but the combination of poison and healing drugs Rukh insanely paranoid. Convinced that he had cheated and sought out the members of the expedition in Paris, including his alien wife, and his many touch while in radioactive states he meant death ... <br /> < Along the way we find the ancient pseudo-scientific idea that a dead person's image recorded the image of the killers (a remarkably different Karloff!) and the Radium X device uses simultaneously to dissolve the status representing the membership expeditions. And even a touch of Whale James in a fantastic landmark in Paris! <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray is great fun, aside from the Gothic opening it's interesting to see Universal move the action around Africa and Paris. The movie lacks pace, but is still absorbed. Karloff slightly overdoes his performance, but Lugosi is terrific. Universal has used the basic story story again in Man Made The Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr as the glowing threat (that time caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a much scratched doctor than Lugosi is here. The invisible Ray is a movie with smart little movie and much admired. Not as famous as other universal horrors, maybe, but it works and is very fun.
