Horrors of God Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should have more than enough grounds for any genre-lover to watch a movie and, even if one of the most convinced by the only reason to watch this particular little sci- Fi / horror gem. While Lambert Hillyer in the "Invisible Ray" in 1936 does not nearly share the brilliance of other contemporary films starring Karloff ("Frankenstein," the bronze of Frankenstein, "" Mummy ", ...) or Lugosi (" White Zombies " ("The Black Cat", "The Raven", ...), this is a very entertaining movie with no lover of cult movies should consider the smallest, and in the movies more profitable in beautiful scenery and an excellent photography .. Karloff plays physician Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique to look at the past in a telescope, and he found that a meteor had hit the thousands of lives on earth two years ago. Stunned by Rukh's invention, celebrating the French scientist Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi), invited him to join an expedition of finding the meteor. In Africa, Rukh to make a discovery that can cause great benefits and great destruction ... It's a bit odd that Karloff, who was in British reality, plays a Hungarian scientist here while L ugosi, who was Hungarian, played a French scientist, but they are both excellent as usual. As far as I'm concerned, De Horror Deities might have probably been reading the phone's phone book, and I'm sure they would do something out of it - either person is an icon of the horror genre, and seeing them together is a treated for every fan of the genre. By the way, this is one of the few films, if not the only one, in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually higher than Karloff. Frances Drake makes a very good female lead in his role in Dr. Rukh's beautiful wife. The rest of their performance is also good, if it's particularly worth mentioning. Other than the deposits of Karloff and Lugosi, the greatest feature of the film is probably the atmosphere due to large environments and photography, as well as the story of very cheesy and very fun. My main complaint is that I want more time to screen for Lugosi, and her role has a bit more meaning. It is fantastic as always, but it could be his role as bigger, and more disaster. Otherwise, the "Invisible Ray" is a wonderful movie that should satisfy every lover of classic Sinister / Sci-Fi movies, and a must-see for my fellow Lugosi / Karloff fans.
