The most reminiscent quarters of the horrors still love in Dracula and Frankenstein; and there is a very good reason for that, but there was a number of smaller but nevertheless excellent production, and the Invisible Ray is certainly one of them. The plot is not primarily original and similar cemetery seen many times before (same way back in 1936), but the way that everything together is certainly pretty imaginative and director Lambert Hillyer has created a very nifty little movie movie original . The draw focuses on Dr. Janos Rukh's good heart; a man who discovered a way to recreate the history of the Earth. His discovery brought him to believe that there may be a radioactive component somewhere in Africa and so he sets up with a team of colleagues to estimate it. However, tragedy strikes while on the expedition and the good doctor ends up becoming exposed to the element; which makes him glow in the dark, and also sends him mad ... <br /> <br /> The biggest draw in the movie is undoubtedly the fact that it stars the two biggest terror stars in day its - Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi, and both provide excellent performance. Karloff really shows what a good actor he is and his character has so much to Karloff to impress with. Bela Lugosi has a very different role than what we are used to seeing him in, and it's a great performance from him too; It's good to see a bit of versatility from Lugosi. The movie get going to a rather slow start; but things soon begin to pick up. The second half of the film is the best and that's really when the movie becomes interesting and Karloff gets a bright chance (literally). The film does not put its focus on great special effects and largely depends on the actions of the central character to keep things interesting; and it works very well. The movie remains exciting at all and nails down to a Better Decan that finishes everything up nicely. In general, the Invisible Ray can not be one of the best films in the thirty; but it is a very good and come up with recommended.
