Well, remember the people who put together these horrors acting legendary DVD-collection: I'm really grateful and I largely support the initiative, but ?? Did you watch the movies before they were selected as part of the collection? When I bought Boris Karloff's collection there were several films in which the star only played a support and unessential role ("Tower of London", "The Weird Door"). "The Invisible Ray", however, is part of the Bela Lugosi collection and here it actually Boris Karloff overshadows Bela! This actually would have a great title for the collection Boris Karloff instead! Bela Lugosi's character is quite possibly the best-natured and serious he has ever described throughout his career and good old Carloff actually plays the mad scientist and dangerously obsessed here. "The Invisible Ray" features the three main chapters. The first one, the Dr Dr Janos Rukh's Dr. Carpathian Driver is very boring and demands quite a lot from the viewer's patient, but of course the character drawings and subjects discussed here are fundamental to the rest of the movie. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrated in a couple of eminent colleagues (among them Bela Lugosi as Dr. Benet) how he managed to take extraterrestrial rays inside a self-manufactured device. Scientists are sincerely impressed with his work and invites Rukh and his wonderful wife Diane together for an expedition in the heart of Africa. Dr. Rukh has isolated himself from the group, discovering the essential elements of "Radium X" to complete his medical rays and go completely bunker after overexposed the meteorite itself. The third and final act is obviously one of the best and most terrible things, as it turns out to be a good old fashioned killing island with GIMMIK intelligence (fusion status) and a surprisingly bigger point. Karloff grows in the dark and, convincing the others from stealing his discovery, even his life, he intends to eliminate them using his dangerous touch. The narrative structure of the "Invisible Ray" sounds rather complicated, but the movie is easy to follow and fun. The story is rather distant-looking but nevertheless compelling and director Lambert Hillyer provides several moments of absolute suspense. Boris Karloff is really fantastic and so is Lugosi, though it deserves to have a little more screen. Scenes are set forth in the movie, along with the funky images of the glowing noise.
