Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made many films together, but on all (interestingly enough) Karloff usually is the best of the two. The real exception is "The Black Cat" (1934) where Karloff is playing the evil head of a devil, and Lugosi seeks revenge on him to destroy his life. But more usual is "Black Friday", where (whatever his motive) Karloff tries to improve brain surgery while Lugosi is a murderous thug. In the "Cellar" Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon, who Karloff blackmails helps his evil plan until Karloff finally had enough. Rarely are both negative characters totally. In the "Snatcher of body", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> Exceptions in one place are both very sympathetic, but the reason for the cross is one of the 1936 films, which I have rarely accepted the audience of some of the other movies I have mentioned. Dr. Johnos Rukh's Karloff is a tough engineering engineering engineer who has been sneered by the "scientific community community" for his theory that a rare form of radium is in Nigeria on a meteorite that has been inhabited centuries ago. He finally gotten the support of a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and he has another scientist, a well-known Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi) , young Rukh's wife Diane (Frances Drake) and a friend and guarded by Stevans named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). Before leaving, Rukh was warned by her mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that she might seek wisdom that she should not be and she can end up in tragedy. He tries to postpone this, but he is worried by what he says, his scientific stand, and whether he will get his credit. <br /> <br /> What it gets is a disaster. It finds the substance, but is infected by its remarkable radioactivity. He finds that he is slowly burning, and whether he is trying to touch humans or animals to die. It actually builds a friendship or understanding with Benet, who figures out a kind of beckon-driven beverage for Rukh to use to counter the danger. But there are two things unbeatable here. The antidote can only last for a certain amount of time, and it must be completed. And the radioactivity affected Rukh's brain. It is increasingly jealous of Diane's friendship and Ronald (encouraging, unfortunately by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and it is equally angry that (due to having pretended to have died - the effects of radioactivity are like that) Benet and Many others are collecting the kudos in the wonderful things that "Radium X" is to give people. Soon Rukh is on a murder rampage that destroys many lives, ending with his own. The film certainly picked up on science at a level. Mrs. Curie has died recently from cancer she has received due to work with Radium. Few fully understand the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but some of the ideas he came out. The wave of crime by Rukh causes the newspapers to talk about a "curse" on the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a "curse" expansion (on the continent of Africa) for a hidden treasure buried century, funded by a titled Englishman, we entered physical arts or geology (paging Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to settle the cause of the string of death, and return to an idea that was actually demolished in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel Murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered the retinas of several of the dead victims to be photographs to see if the last image on the retinas was Jack Riper. It turned out he only got the pictures of the retinas of dead prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne was used in her novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899, and here Dr. Benet uses it. As this is a science fiction story, it finds the image of Rukh on the plate, but Benet drops the plate accidentally and breaks. The movie is good on many grounds, the most interesting that for a change Karloff and Lugosi are not initiatives for each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing from other films. The other performances are good as well, in particular Ms Kemble Cooper. It is best remembered as the sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) of David Copperfield. Here's her final act is the only way to bring this tragedy to an end, and who can say that it does not hurt her more than her target.
