There is no doubt that during the decade of the 30s, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have become a sure guarantee of excellent performance in high-quality high-quality films. After being the "universal" monster of the classic, "Dracula", Bela Lugosi has become thanks to horror thanks to her elegant style and accent her alien (unfortunately, this latest factor would also lead her, to be kind-casted during the 40s). In the same way, Boris Karloff's performance of James Whale's "Frankenstein" transformed him into the man to look for when one wanted a good monster. Of course, it was only natural for the icons at the end of the screen sharing, and the movie that united was 1934 in the "Black Cat". This formula would be repeated in several films in decades, with Lambert Hillyer's director of horror film and science, "The Invisible Ray", is another of the classic miners being made in those years. The "Invisible Ray", Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device that can show the scene of our planet's capture of the radius of light from the galaxy of Andromeda. While showing his invention of his colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), discovered that thousands of years ago, a hitherto meteor in what is now Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh decided to join his colleagues in an expedition in Africa, looking for the place to land in the mysterious meteorite. This expedition will not be any beneficial to Rukh, as during the expulsion of his wife Diane (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an expert hunter carrying Stevens to help them in their expeditions. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on this journey, as it will change forever after being exposed to the invisible ray of the meteor. Writing by John Colton (which has already made the script for "Werewolf in London"), the "Invisible Ray" had its roots on an original story-by-story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges . Given that this was a movie with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton puts a lot of emphasis on the horror side of his story, playing in a very effective way with archetyping of angry scientists and adding a good dose of melodrama things to spice up. An element of "The Invisible Ray" to stand out among other horrors of film at that time is the way Colton plays with the morality of the story. That is, there are not exactly heroes and bandits in the classic style, but those who make decisions and later face the consequences of such choices. In many ways, the "Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy of obsession, guilt and revenge. A seasoned director of low-budget B-cinema, filmmaker Lambert Hillyer was lucky to have 3 Films for Universal Pictures when the legendary studio was facing huge financial problems. Thanks to her experience working with limited resources, Hillyer's film has always been very good looking despite the budget constraints, and "The Invisible Ray" was not an exception. While nowhere near the stylish Gothic atmosphere of film before universal horror film, Hillyer's film effectively captures the essence of Colton's script, as it gives this film a dark and morbid attitude to tones and pockets of past and right Sci- Fi. Finally, a word about Hillyer's use of special effects must be said: for a very low-budget film, they look much better than those in many A-movies in the era. a movie with Lugosi and Karloff, performances by these legends are of extraordinary quality. As the protagonist film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in painting it to a man so blind by devotion to his work that fails to see his evil unleashes. As his colleague, Dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is simply a joy to watch, stolen every scene she is in and shows what an underlying actor she was. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake is very effective, really helping her character become more than a girl in distress. Still, two of the films are the performances of Kemble Cooper as Rukh's mother, and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, as two actresses make the most of their limited time screens, making unforgettable support roles. Frank Lawton is also good at his role, but there is nothing surprising when compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If this one movie judge is under the standard today, it's very easy to reject it as another cheap fiction movie movie with adverse effects and jumble pseudoscience. However, that would be a mistake, as despite its low-budget, it is remarkably well done for its time. On the top of this, considering that the film was made when the nuclear era was about to begin with radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, it's mind about the dangers of radioactivity are frighteningly accurate. One final thing worthy of pointing out is the interesting way the script handles the relationship between characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exists between the obsession of Dr Rukh and the cold Dr. Benet, as it allows large scenes between the two iconic actors . While nowhere near the Gothic expressionism of the "Frankenstein" movies, neither the elegant suspension of the "Black Cat", Lambert Hillyer of the "Invisible Ray" is definitely a classic minor amongst the catalog Universal Pictures' horror movie. With one of the most exciting movies in horror's 30s, this blend of suspense, terrorism and science fiction is a single gem subterranean that even now delivers a good dose of entertainment courtesy of the two most amazing genre of genre genre Ever since: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
