Karloff and Lugosi - Together Again! This is one of those films that casual fans will spend on and tend to not appreciate as much. It's not an all-out horror movie like before the duo of the hit, the Black Cat and the Raven. But it is very worthy of both talents and is a fun movie when re-visited. The invisible Ray was directed by Lambert Hillyer, a director who was mainly west, but curiosity on these final days at Laemmles' reigns at Universal, found himself helming this with the final movie horror Laemmles, daughter of Dracula a. Both are dry, clean-cut imaginations that are very light on horror content despite the fantastic elements. As Lugosi went wild in the Raven, much needed to be said to Karloff's Hamming in the Invisible Ray. The one aspect of the story that is particularly satisfying is that Karloff's character, Rukh, acts so frenzy before it poisoned by Radium X, that there really is not much of a change once it starts to glow. This is very similar to those who have complained about Jack Nicholson in the shining - It is basically a loony right from the start. There is no real transformation. Even here. Half of Karloff simply has an added goal for revenge in itself. I always enjoyed his performance, as I did the antique self-lugosi at the Raven. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Lugosi completely surprises you and gives a late turn, and reflects as Rukh's rivals in science, Dr. Benet. Lugosi also has some of the best lines in the movie, including a memorable warning from the police trying to catch Rukh, in which I am the screenwriter and screenwriter John Soister writer - "But if he (Rukh ) touch anyone? " the inspector asked. Lugosi hesitatingly replies, in a way that only Lugosi can deliver, "They die." As Lugosi could thus be cut, it could also be more perfect than any actor. This is one of those moments. Therefore, Karloff and Lugosi interactions are all very good as we find the crazy antics of Karloff pared off against the cool logic of Lugosi. Karloff would go on to play as many crazy scientists many times, however, one wants Lugosi would have come to play more straightforward way than this one. He only had one more chance (Ninotchka). The invisible Ray is a fun movie, with a real treat in the real Karloff and Lugosi fans. It is one of these films that improves each look, not because it is a masterpiece, but because of the charisma and talent of its stars and how this story completes darker, the most terrible wagers . Special effects, not always innovative John Fulton, are terrific and actors are all adequate to support them. Frances Drake looks beautiful as she does in angry love and plays a strong woman, something rarely seen in classic horror movie. The scene at the end when Karloff his foot and it is not called is one of the most haunted moments in the movie. A terrific, fun movie!
