I'm sure not many people outside of Australia have ever heard of the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about the man, but this is only time I've once seen or hear anything about it. And I guess that this could be the biggest problem the movie will have to face. No one knows anything about it and probably not many people will care about the subject. The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant lived in north-west Victoria all his life, but was never welcomed by the authorities. The police still accused him of thinking about and stopping his family. When Kelly is eating and how everything goes, she forms a gang with her brother and two other men. They start stealing the banks and even distracting an entire city for 3 days. All this violence leads to a host of men organized by the police and killing three policemen, they are overused. Finally they take on a pub in Glenrowan, where they have a party with all visitors, waiting for a full train of police to derail to part of the track that they tore up. But the train can stop in time because someone warns them and what will follow is a fight on life and death between the police and the four angels ... <br /> It's hard to say whether these are all which shows that the film is true or false. I guess nobody really knows, because there are always two camps that will each tell their own truth: a camp says he was a hero, some kind of Robin Hood, others are saying he was an ordinary criminal, a murderer and a thief. I really could not tell you which of them is right, maybe both, but that I can tell you is that the facts of the movie as well as the documentary was about the same. Movie was a nice addition to the documentary I saw once and I really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush is a very well-known actor, but even smaller actors are known to show the production that they all know what good act should look like. I really enjoyed this movie and gave it a 7.5 / 10
