Having borrowed this movie from the local library a couple of weeks ago that originally seen this on or a few days after Memorial Day, I finally got to see Sayonara just this morning. In one this Marlon Brando plays Great Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, a son of the General who has raised a certain way, was transferred from Korea to Japan where his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) will pass. Before leaving, she tries to convince one of her people, a Joe Kelly (red button), from the Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki) since then, is a violation of military fraternization laws. With romance in her and Eileen on the outskirts, however, Ace does not only become the best man of Joe's and Katsumi's wedding, she falls for an Asian himself after she and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) go out over the city and watch Abduction Hana-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself is dating one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Cuba). Eileen himself seems to have a fancy for one of the performers Kabuki, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I'll stop right there and say that this was a particularly compelling drama about the prejudices about American-Asian relations in romance that has been touching many in the beginning of the end. Even seeing Hispanic Montalban playing a Oriental is not too embarrassing (though it's a good thing his party is short). And there are some nice touches in humor like that of Brando's head hit the head of the button and inside the Umeki door more than once. Red and Miyoshi themselves deserve the Oscars especially Red and emotional challenges and proud of it all. Rookie Garner, previously being cast in the legendary role of the TV "Marverick", is good at his scene with Brando and Miiko Taka shows many constraints in his initial characterization as an anti-American. While I was having some changes in James Michener's novel, I can not imagine the director of Josha Logan, who has already adopted another Michener work at the Broadway music "South Pacific" and would eventually do so in a movie as well, do not remain the original original source. It certainly gives some inspiration and the ending scenes that made the heartbeat earlier in the movie a twist to draw a bit unnecessary. Some of the production numbers have made the film a little longish, but otherwise, Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience about the 'tied 50s that pervert America and Japan at the time.
