The books of James Michener took readers to places far away and strange strange names were probably the most popular in the 1940s and 1950s. His tales in the South Pacific have become a major blockade blockade hit for Rodgers & Hammerstein. South Pacific led by Joshua Logan and was a natural makeup of the movie another success Michener, Sayonara. Only a decade before that American film during the Second World War did not show the Japanese slowly. I'm sure it was not easy for those who fought the Pacific war to change overnight mood. This and a general policy by fraternization and general occupation are in the nuptial of this story about interstellar romance. <br /> <br /> Sayonara is a movie that is important today. The military still struggles in its personal staff life in the way that any civilian employer can get legitimately. In America at the time of the Sayonara there were still laws of misery over the books in many states. Today's gays in the military are a major problem. Someone can someday make a Sayonara such film about this issue. <br /> <br /> Joshua Logan was on familiar ground. South Pacific also has racism as a component of its plot. With a sure hand, Logan has assembled a great cast and crafts a wonderful story. Marlon Brando, Patricia Owens, James Garner, Kent Smith some of the Western players perform a fine job. But the photo is stolen by Oriental here. Miko Taka hit the brand very well as Brando's love interest. But the real stars are from the one that both support Oscars players, red buttons and Miyoshi Umeki. Buttons are every one you hire those Air Force members. He fell in love with Katsumi and played by Miyoshi Umeki. They marry the military military to do everything they can to break. They are supposed to know what is best for buttons and Umeki. Button was a TV comedy with a fair talent, but he never got a party as good as this the rest of his career. <br /> And the Miyoshi Umeki Oscar was the first one to provide a Oriental. He had a great deal of attention because at the time of the Academy Awards, Miyoshi began on Broadway's Song Drum Flower. I was privileged to see him on Broadway, she was the first Broadway show I had ever seen. I always carry the memory of it. <br /> That Oscar symbolizes something else. Our war with Japan was really and we saw in Sayonara a great nation with a tradition of pride and culture. Ricardo Montalban plays Nakamura, a theater actor Kabuki. If Sayonara did today, Logan would never get away with it. But Montalban is good. <br /> <br /> Good location photography with a great story. This film should be revived more often than it has a great moral.
