Due to bad review readings and being told by friends that they could not believe how bad he was, I did not go and see this film in the movie. After watching it on DVD, I must say I'm sorry that right now. I do not say it is brilliant, but I would venture to say it is a good movie. I enjoyed it. People who have bold knights than Kas Ned if they go to see a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the current story behind most movies based on historical figures, there is usually a big difference between the reality and the fictional painter. I do not think Ganghis Kahn has ever been described even remotely close to historical fact. What kind of man Ned Kelly actually was a matter of debate, and quite passionate it seems. In spite of government efforts and some historians, Ned Kelly became a legend. The legends are stories, and stories tell as much about those who say and listen to them as they do on the actual figure itself. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because it represents the aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept authority. A society in which there is no opponent or challenge to authority is crazier and more dangerous than any bushranger. So do not expect this to be an accurate recreation of the historic Kelly gang, I actually find it an amazing movie unencumbered and refreshing. It was sentimental and romantic, but thankfully not anywhere like cheesy as he could; For my fellow Australian, see the 'Lighthorseman' and you'll see what I mean (it's a pity the way that stories are being treated so badly). Maybe the business may love being abandoned for a bit more detailed in other areas, including the shooting of the troopers. Ironically, I actually enjoyed the movie because, it would be the strongest detail of focusing on the Ned's story. And the details of the story are best discovered by reading the different opinions given by the various historians. This film has always been a tough time, having made a compromise in appealing to a global film market (to pay the pills) and the legendary as Australian means; Maybe a little of the Ned's mind is in this movie, because I think he rebelled against people's expectations, and unfortunately missed both targets. Fortunately he did for an enjoyable Quirk in a movie. For me it was an unexpected type of movie about Ned, and that is why I love it. Orlando Bloom's performance has made much of the movie too - it really added something. I think he would like being the monster instead of the cute elf, for a change. <br /> <br /> When you consider some other movies that are far worse than this one, your opinion in this movie should be reconsidered. Send me this on DVD for Christmas rather than Croc Dundee or the man from Snowy River anytime.
