It must have been several years after she was released, so do not know why she was in the movies. But as a kid I loved it. I just found a VHS tape of Superman and the moles guys in the bug market and decided to watch it again (it was a lot of years). I did not expect so much, now know how the B movies were made at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the movie very watchful and the actual of all outstanding. Generally acting in the kind films leaves a lot to be desired. Surprisingly, the writing was not bad either. Forging the fact that Superman was out of sequence and sequence and he could chase all the butcher in the beginning, because then the story would have ended, right? OK, the men's molons costumes were hokey and not very scary (they did not even scare me like a kid). However, making low budget allocations for backgrounds and costumes, it was a job well done by all. I recognize the sheriff right away as the Old Ranger from Valley Valley Day and many supporting roles in western television. J. Farrell MacDonald has played old pop and has always been a great actor to support in more movies that I can count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were familiarized as well in other movies. Did you recognize the old doctor as the commander of the ship who went to find King Kong? Did you recognize the girl rolling the ball to the mons guys as Lisbeth Searcy of Old Yeller? Some of the molten people were also famous. Jerry Maren played Mayor McCheese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, was the Munchkin who gave Dorothy the Lollipop, was about a Seifeld episode and a wealth of other work. Billy Curtis has played an unforgettable part with Clint Eastwood at High Plains Drifter, being one of the friends who met by the star of Incredible Man Reversi, having a part in a movie I just chuck grabbed in a bug has my Gal Gal and Rita Hayworth, Wizard of Oz and many other parts - great actors. John Brambury was also a Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, was without wonderfully wondering about the party with George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent was Superman. He did a great job of playing the strong man. Bottom line of all I was saying is that this movie is worth watching because of the cast and writing in dealing with a nice flimsy idea for a movie. But the 50's and anything was possible from intruders from the outer space of the mole of interior space. It is definitely worth seeing, there is not a bad actor in the group. Who puts the cast together was very, very likely to get many gifted actors in a B. type film. Some have already had a wealth of experience and some were about to find a wealth of experience - but all were have a donation. So if you get a chance to see the movie, forget the dopey costumes and just enjoy the excitement and act. Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, just a good, old fashionable movie to enjoy!
