I used to watch this on either HBO or Showtime or Cinemax during one summer in the mid 90s that my parents tackled in those channels. I came across it several times in various parts and still find it dark, scary and fascinating. I was young then, in my early teens; and now years later after discovering the great Arliss Howard and being draped by "Big Bad Love" I bought the DVD into "Wilder Napalm" and re-looked at her with my girlfriend for the first time year. I absolutely love it! I was really impressed and affected by it. There are many dynamic and smart fluid complexes in the camera movements and cinematography; all of which are perfectly gay and intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three drives, stories, music and all the other actors as well. It's really "Cinematic". I love Arliss Howard's intricate intensity, ambitious forces and hidden intelligence, I'm a big fan of anything he does; With his interplay and managing guide Debra Winger's (they are of course married) have that magic good fact in it that goes past the camera. (I wonder if they look at this wedding anniversary? ....... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone who has not seen it; it's brilliant.) And Dennis Quaid throughout Clown make-up, sneakily featured, angled, hidden and displayed by the injection selection and full bloom delivery is the kind of most colorful movie you do not see very often. Quaid has always had a very simple quality for her to me anyway, with that great span span, hiding behind her flicker eyes, lying in wait to unleash herself as either mischievous shock or weird diabolical (here as both ). Both Howard and Quaid have the crazy fire behind their eyes pulling over the intense gunslinger intense square-off in cool darkness mode. In fact the whole film has a dark energy cool and hip intensity. It's really a fantastic movie, put together by intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all involved parties. I really can not imagine how this was funded, and it looks very expensive for me, not as a conventional system, imagination-less, but I thank the movie like this slip into the system every once in a bit time. In a great way, with all its day-glowing bright carnival, hip intelligence, gently jelly veridic humor and enthralling her chemistry she reminds me of one of my favorite films ever: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ... ... .and this a compliment in my book!
