This sitcom script is written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote best TV programs ever Dads Army, was not as good as Army Father, but still very, very funny. <br /> It's about a concert band in India. Most episodes were on BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) trying to find the concert party, whom he was referring to as a bunch of puffs, posting up the jungle. It was still unsuccessful as the waves of Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the Ashwood Captain Stupid (Michael Knowles) were great fans of the concert party. The concert concert was made by Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), Ginger Rogers, the director of the "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), educated by the University of Piano Player Gunner Graham, aka Padarouski, singer "Sugden , Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son, he was very badly), the Great Nurser Evans and Kenneth MacDonald artillery fighters (Kenneth MacDonald) did not have any Percy Edwards. Heavily involved in the adventures were the faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), and the Char-Wallah and the Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) provided Ram Lovely Support. <br /> <br /> The show, Just like Papa Blade left many catchphrases. Rank Ram said Walla Punkah said "No dickie this smart" and ended up a lot of shows saying "Here is an old Hindu Proverb example When the wife has affair with best friends, it does not stop your home from catching fire "It was Williams though there was c the most atchphrases. It would still be called "Shuddup !!!!!", saying "Oh dear, how sad, never mind" and when talking to Graham Gunners, it would still be sarcastic to speak in a chic accent. Show does not enjoy the same recognition as Father Army did. This is probably due to a matter of taste: This is seen as being bullies. Williams is omofob who calls her "Puffs", though she must say Williams is a make. Also, some people think of having a racial element in the humor, using the fact that Michael Bates was blacked up to playing Rangi Ram (Bates was actually born in India just as speaking Urdu before he spoke English) , so the BBC will feel a bit uncomfortable to put it on, though the vast majority of people who actually watch the show would agree that the show is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian, and they It was not the slightest bit left and agreed like I did that it was a very funny show. When I saw an episode for the first time, I laughed probably more than I did for any other sitcom, but when I saw it second round, I did not laugh all that much, but no matter how often I see dad Army, I laughed many times in an episode. <br /> Best episode: The Banquet Road, Episode 1, Episode 7
