7 if you are a kid-6 if you claim to be an adult. This semi-end of the Lion King sees turning on Timone side and Pumba's side, telling the original story of the eyes, including the story of how they met. In the grand tradition of Disney, inferior suites were made, and occasionally TV series featured the adventures of minor characters from their biggest hits. You can be as uncertain as you want on this, but the kids and fans of the series will likely not care; They are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to ensure that this is one of the fewer highspeed suites. This works because of the charm of the many-loving central characters, the rapid speed, of jokes involving the first movie, and for older viewers there are some funny gags. The animation is as good as ever, if a little less flamboyant than the original, but the plot here is all about taking it easy, Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumba decided to watch the events in the movie premiere, often stand mid-movie making jokes on the part of it, like a real audience. We see how Timone is near a distance, feeling that he does not fit in and decides to go beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way he met Pumba, another outcast and they became friends. Soon they encounter Simba, a young lion, natural predator of T and P, but to form a trio. However, when Simba realized he must follow his own destiny, leaving the group, it is up to the others to decide whether to help or not, and how. Of course the usual Disney elements and the terms here, friendship, good anti-miscellaneous etc. The plot is simple but works on many levels, making it smarter than your average anime movie. As the CG movies appear, Disney's traditional form must become smarter, but do not forget the roots that have been made popular. Toy story and all that has come from being clever, and jokes suit all ages, and it seems this is the way the moving market. However, there will always be a place for films like this, and you can not go wrong to buy this for the youth. <br /> 7 out of 10
