The shining is an unusual example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the novel source, written by Stephen King, yet it is widely remembered as one of the best performances of cinemas in the horror master's work. This is due to two factors: Stanley Kubrick's mastery of acting with Jack Nicholson's cold actress. Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who accepts taking care of the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter period, affected by the really horrible stories surrounding the place: he claims a beautiful, isolated place just what he needs to finish his new book. Therefore, Overlook's become the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, Wendy's wife (Shelley Duvall) and the five-year son Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy in particular essence from the beginning was something wrong: he was told by the cook, Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) that he is endowed with a mysterious psychic energy, the shining title, which allowing people like him and dick to see flashes from the past and the future, among other things. Because of this "gift", the forces that stay the hotel immediately take an interest in Danny, though it is well able to withstand them. This is not Jack's, however, as it becomes increasingly paranoid regarding his wife's affection and seeks the company's comfort in what can be best defined as ghost, causing a chain of frenzy and fear that pretty difficult to break. <br /> Make shining like a horror movie because Kubrick, though never worked on this kind of movie before, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, hence the biggest focus on atmosphere and psychological trauma than gore and without creative. King criticized the director to change most of the story, omitting most of the subplot of Jack / Danny (merely the hint of the movie) that led to the emotional strongest point, and while his disappointment was invalid, the memory was actually needed: novel faced with redemption, albeit in an original way, and redemption is a term Kubrick, one of the most popular analyst of human rutheness, has never had a soft spot for . What he is interested in is the mental, and immediately physical, imbalances that threaten the characters, and keeps the climb tone even thanks to a very cold approach with the use of steadicam injection (Danny's encounters with two ghostly twins being pure The good example) Another criticism of the risen was about actors, especially Nicholson: in the opinion of the writer, his grin trademark at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate Jack already was crazy, thus sabotaging the rest of history. Now it's true that Nicholson looks a bit jumping from the very start, but it is equally true that Martin Sheen (the ideal King's Choice for the Role) probably would not have been able to deliver a foolish performance as the Nicholson : From the moment it starts grinning in a more disturbing way than before the immortal "Here's Johnny!" Scenes, it's impossible to photograph another actor playing this part, and even though the TV version of the shining out of 1997 is not the bad Torrance character is innocently linked to One's Flight on the Coconut Nest Stars. As for Duvall and Lloyd, both add superb support, the letter specifically deserves somewhere along with Harvey Stephens (Damien Omen) and Haley Joel Osment as a great movie cinema child. One could complain about Duvall that they were completely different from the book's counterpart (blonde and beautiful) and there are not many others shouting and running but two things should be considered: a) back in the 1980's "Queen crying "one more; b) There is rarely any actress looking so really scary about cameras, making the difference in high-volume movie compared to the real pair from Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, the author of Trainspotting, once said there is no such thing as a completely faithful adaptation to any literary work (and should know, given Danny Boyle's freedom to take off his junkie chief was led to the screen), but that does not mean the movie is necessarily bad. The brilliance proves to be the point of perfection: very little in the novel, about 5%, is included in the film, but in Kubrick and Nichlolson in this grunting of Cinematic loose translation becomes one of the finest, most original photographs The horror of all time, which really says something to the current form of the poor genre.
