At times, this exceeds the thing as my favorite movie. While the Carpenter movie is the most effective and more fun flick, Kubrick's is more artistic, more thought-provoking, and probably skary. It is one of the few films where I can look past its flaws and really and totally love it. I try not to compare it to the book ?? which I only read once, a number of years ago, and that scared me to death ?? because the two do not have a lot of common, besides the story and characters obviously. It's almost as if Kubrick was banking on the love of the novel in order to make his movie more scary. And this way, it certainly is one of the most exciting book adaptations ever to make, as well as one of the greatest horror films. <br /> <br /> What makes the film so terrifying is not the scary scats, not the blood and gore, by the various ghosts that pop up from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people complained about the casting of Nicholson in this role, saying he's too obvious that he will go crazy in the movie, given his past role and his appearance. I do not agree. We know it will go crazy ?? since most of us have read the book ?? And Jack's appearance only promotes this notion. But it's how it acts at the start that makes us really scared. It is calm, quiet, patient. He engages in small conversations with the hotel managers and even with his own family. With a wife and son as disappointing as her, it's a little surprising that she managed to do so. But once it becomes negligence, it changes. It becomes irritable, angry, on the edge. The scene that always shocks me is when Wendy interrupts it, and she loses it, telling her to "let her f *** alone". This is the first F-bomb to fall into the movie, and it's a shock to the system. Since then, all the bets have been cut off. <br /> Another thing I like is the multiple interpretations present in the movie. We never really realize what we're seeing is actually happening. Many critics noted that whenever Jack spoke with a ghost, he had an ice present, showing that he could as well speak to himself. But what's the other characters? Wendy has never seen anything until the movie is filmed, until she gives a visit to many hotel hotels, but she knows that something is wrong, while Danny is connected to the place almost instantly. His psychic powers are not in question ?? how else would Hallorann know to come to the hotel? ?? but has he ever seen any of the ghosts his parents witness? It's easy to claim that Jack simply loses her, being trapped in a hotel with her family, and Wendy later does too? see your husband trying to kill you and an ax will do that ?? but the contents of Danny? It appears that his body takes over Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters are serious witnesses. Hallorann probably would be, and warned of the dangers of 237, but he died as soon as he came to the Overlook (a scary Kubrick realized by playing on the assumptions of fans of the novel). And that final shot. Has there ever been an end to finishing more in movies? Has Jack really been? Or has his body simply 'absorbed' at the hotel? When talking about acting in this movie, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying performances in Cinemas history? Probably on purpose, give Jack the character more of a reason to snap ?? and Danny Lloyd is not the best, but Jack is a powerhouse. Party method, party improvisation, it's simultaneously busy and appealing. For better or for worse, it is the character with whom we are identified and, not the annoying child or nagging wife. We all want to have a hotel in ourselves for a season, able to do whatever we want. Who cares if he is haunting? Of course, technical aspects are terrific. Long Kubrick takes off, strange angles, and scarce imagery all contributed to the horror. The use of colors, mirrors, long hallways, and all other motifs only increase this. And do not even find I started on that note. I do not know if the movie would be half awesome without haunting, electronic tune. Anything it perfectly reflects the hotel, the mood, and the movie itself. <br /> I know that you do not like this movie, but the king's views on movies are nothing to brag about. As great in a novel writer she can, his screenplays are awful, and her attempt at directing is best left unnoticed. This is not a very faithful book adaptation, but it does not need to be, and it really should not be. The horror part of the movie is that the viewer does not have the book falling back on; There is no source of inspirational sources. Kubrick mastered the narrative mastery of the audience even more. If only for that, this is one of the most innovative films of any genre. And he got everything else on top of that.
