The shining start with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) driving in an isolated hotel called 'Overlook' is located in the Colorado Mountains for an interview with his manager of Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about becoming caring in winter. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for maintaining the basic of the hotel, but will be almost completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months as the harsh inch winters with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) & Danny Young ( Danny Lloyd) Jack moves to the hotel & in everything looks fine, it's a nice hotel, absolutely great & whatever they need is to throw them. However the hotel carelessly has a quiet past with a caretaker before killing all his family before committing suicide & Danny has the ability to 'shine' which means he has psychic powers that let him see & hear things' ordinary 'people can not. As the days, weeks and months begin to pass, Jack gets more and more crazy, Danny keeps 'seeing' things & people while Wendy gets frantic as it does not have a sign of what's happening in his family, as a Heavy snow storms to block Jack finally losing it ... <br /> This English version has co-written, co-produced & directed by Stanley Kubrick & is a fine horror movie. It appears that the shining is another movie that exists in two different versions and the one I will comment on is shorter European cut that runs just under 2 hours in length. Script by Kubrick & Diane Johnson, based on the novel by Stephen King that I do not read so I can not compare them, go for psychological horror rather than visual and one murder during the whole movie. There are many characters in bright and Jack, Wendy & Danny are the only ones that really have trouble, since the movie focuses on them almost only you care for them, become involved with them & what they go through. The mash is a bit slow but this is one movie that did not feel that time & keep you interested at all. On the negative side I do not think the reason behind Jack goes crazy and wants to kill his family was strong enough to convince me, the fact that Jack escaped from the freezer without any explanation to my bugs & I do not know if I missed something but ending did not make any sense to me too, I'm still trying to work on what picture is all about! There is very little in the way of violence or gore, a couple of ghost zombies rotten & someone who dies with an ax but shines is a horror movie that does not need to count on blood and special effects as it has an attractive story. With a budget of $ 19,000,000 The shining is technically impeccable as you expect from an obsessive filmman like Kubrick, the cinematography is brilliant and some fantastic free-flowing & list of steadicam shots as the camera enforced following the character around the labyrinth of corridors, lay them absolutely real look & instead of clipping old old haunted houses like dark corners, basements & cobwebs Kubrick brings right up-to-date things with bright light corridors, massive open expansive space & a modern decoration (quite 80 modern, just check that red toilet out!). The act is good at everyone involved though as usual in the kid's little kid's movie horror film & Nicholson looks crazy from the very start. The shining is an absorbing film that I enjoyed watching although I'm not sure I'd watch it anytime soon. For those looking for explosions & fancy special effects you will be disappointed, for those looking for a horror kind of haunting home with a strong story I definitely think the shining is yours, well worth a look at humble views.
