A series of random, harmful insignificant flights to his sister's home have Miss Lemon quite agitated. A ring, light bulbs, a backpack, a lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe ?? There seems to be no rhyme or purpose in any of it. Miss Lemon asks her boss, the great Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, to look into the problem. But what Poirot sees is far more sinister than Lemon Miss could have imagined. And Poirot's fear is confirmed when one of the students lives in the house if they get murdered. It up to Poirot to bring a murderer to justice. Hickory Dickory Dock is a solid but not spectacular, entering the long run Poirot run. I appreciate how faithful the script is the original story of Agatha Christie. I realized that certain liberties had to be taken, but I appreciated the effort nonetheless. The biggest points in the mystery are all there ?? The small flights, the pension home, the students, the puck worn, and, of course, Poirot's ability to see something disaster going on it actually happens. With some exceptions, throw the students almost as I imagine them. Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd are exceptionally among the band. As wet as I still enjoy the David Poirot Searchet, I get a real kick from the episodes and Japp Phillip Jackson's inspectors and Misson's citizen Pauline Moran. This episode is a real treat as Lemon Miss gets more screen than normal. Finally, I enjoyed the use of the mouse ever present as an observer in the activities of the hostel. It's a little fun playing on the title of Hockory Dickory Dock. <br /> I realized while re-watching Hickory Dickory Dock just that a tremendous influence of Agatha Christie at work was on the highly stylized Italian mystery movie, or Gialli, in the 60s and 70s. Take the murder of Mrs. Nicoletis as an example. If you should hit up the graphic nature of the scene, you would have something straight out of an early 70 Giallo. In fact, the whole plot of Hickory Dickory Dock could be used in a Giallo. It's just complicated and exciting enough to work.
