Sometimes it takes a movie-making master like Kubrick to bring that something extra, unique, incompatible with floating ingredients that transforms a big movie or a great script into a single masterpiece for the ages. <br /> <br /> It's not just that Stephen King's story has enough meat and potatoes making it hard for even the most painful workers of the directors. Heck, even King himself did not listen so badly. It's how Kubrick presents the universe, how it transforms the page into screen time, which makes the heat both a visual feast and a compact masterclass in LED. <br /> <br /> Miss-in-the-scene Kubrick is, as usually, terrific. The movie progresses with a sharp, sharp, velvety, even though it's neither fast nor heavy edited and it clockwise in less than 160 minutes. The camera lures in the lavish corridors of the Hotel carelessly as it is some kind of mysterious labyrinth labyrinth for exploration, linear tracking shots displaying the lurid interiors decorated throughout the scope. There is a symmetry and geometric approach to Kubrick's space perception way that reminds me of how Japanese director worked in the sixties. As if that show is inconsistent in how all the different components are balanced inside the frame. <br /> <br /> Certain images definitely stand out. The first shot of Jack's typewriter, accompanied on screen from the thumps to a ball, as the bankruptcy drum comes out of some other floor or produced by the typewriter itself as if it is an instrument of bankruptcy all alone, later on proving nothing short of just that. A riverside flowing through the hotel's elevator in slow motion. Jack hit the door with the ax, the camera moving along with him, following the action as it happens instead of static stopping, as if it's the camera inauguration of the door and not the ax. The ultra fast pull of the kid's figure pushes us inside himself before we see the two girls die from his pov. And of course, the toilet scene. Many have been told by Jack Nicholson's overacting haze. Angry it is not entirely successful, because, well, it's Jack Nicholson. The guy looks half insane anyway. Play mad turn it into an exaggerated cartoon in his head. Shelley Duvall on the other hand is one of Kubrick's most inspired casting choices ever. Coming to a fantastic performance track for Robert Altman in the sixties (3 women, THIEVES LIKE US, NASHVILLE), he brings to his character the right amount of vulnerability and emotional distress. A terrific and very underrated actress.
