The shining, you know what weird about this movie? This is the movie that everyone, for those who claim not like horror movie, will always say that the shine is a terrific movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror story of madness and blood. This is just an incredible movie and fade you've seen it or not, you've heard of it, know a few lines of it, and know some of the classic images. Who can forget the Jack "Here's Johnny!" Who can forget "all work and play by making Jack a matching boy"? Who can forget that finished cooling? This is the film that is unforgettable and honest in my opinion is Kubrick's best work. I know there are a lot of arguments in the department, a lot of people say it in 2001: A Space Odyssey or Orange Mechanics or even Dr. Strangelove, but if these films pioneered film, then the splendid perfected it . This is the story of insulation, madness, scary images, and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl under your skin. Jack Torrance, Danny's son, and Jack's wife, Wendy arrives at the Overlook Hotel on closed days. Chief African-American senior, Dick Hallorann, Danny surprises does not talk to him telepathically and offers him some ice cream. She explains Danny that she and her grandmother share the gift; called the communication "shining." Danny asks if there is anything to be scared of the hotel, particularly Room 237. Dick says Danny that the hotel has a certain "shining" of it and many memories, not all of them good, and advised him to stay out of the room 237 in all circumstances. The dangers of curiosity on Room 237 finally became the best of her when she saw that the room had been opened. Danny shows injuries and looks dramatically after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. See Wendy thinking that Jack was abusing Danny. Jack wanders into the Golden Hotel room where he meets a ghostly bomber named Lloyd. Danny begins to call the word "redrum" frantically, and scribbling it on the walls. He goes to a vision, and removes; he now says he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend." Jack sabotage the hotel radio, cut communications from the outside world, but Hallorann got Danny's telepathic for help and it is on his way. Wendy discovered that Jack was typing endless pages of repeatedly manuscripts "All work and play by making a dull boy Jack" in various ways. Fear, Jack threatened and struck him unconscious with a baseball bat, locking him in a storage locker in the kitchen. Jack converses with Grady at the door of the locker, which then openly releases him. Danny writes "REDRUM" in lipstick on Wendy's bedroom door. When he looks in the mirror, he sees that he is "Murder" spell backwards. Jack chooses an ax and starts off at the door that leads to his family's quarters. "Here's Johnny!", And Jack's legendary image is born. <br /> <br /> The shining is one of those films that you seriously have to do time to see, this is an incredible movie and always gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But one I feel very overlooked is Shelley Duvall, his scene to get Jack's Rant all work ?? It's incredible, this is a look at horror and you can see that scary in her face after her husband is angry. Also another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub, it's honestly one of the most striking scenes of horror movies. The purpose of this film is well known is because it's a movie of perfection, it was about the Simpsons, it was shown in other films and it's a movie that will forever stay with you when you see it, trust me. <br /> 10/10
