Well, okay, maybe not the older. I mean, the Exorcist and Psycho and another person are hard to pass, but the shining is the way to stand there. It is, however, by far the best Stephen King story made in a movie. It's better than standing, better than Pet Sematary (if not as nice as paired), better than Cujo, better than the Green Mile, the best Dolores Claiborne, better than standing by me (just barely, even though), and yes, it's better than Shawshank redemption (close, better), I do not care what the IMDb Top 250 says. <br /> I read that, a couple of decades ago, Stanley Kubrick had been staring through the housewife trying to find one that could make a good movie, and in the other room, his wife would hear a boom every hour half hour or so as he sent the book against frustration. Finally, he did not hear any noise for almost two hours, and when he went to check and see if he had died in his chair or something (I say this with all due respect, of course), he found him concentrating on a book that he had in his hands, and the book was shining. And thanks also, because he went to convert this book into one of the best horror movie ever. Stephen King can thank the complexity of the story, about a man who takes his wife and son up to a remote hotel to oversee it during the very isolated winter as it works on his writing. Jack Nicholson is thankful for his dead performance as Jack Torrance (how many films Jack was in where he plays a character called Jack?), As well as his inferior delivery to many of the most popular lines (Johnny Heeeeeere!) . Shelley Duvall can thank for a performance that allows the audience to relate to Jack's desire to kill him. Stanley Kubrick is thankful for giving this excellent story of great recognition, and the director of casting could be thanked for scrounging up the creepiest twins on the planet to play a part of the murdered girls. One of the most important aspects of this film, necessary for the story as a whole has its most important effect, is the insulation, and it is featured optimally. The movie starts off with a Long scene after Jack as she drives up to the old hotel for her interview for the work of the caretaker for the winter. This is soon followed by the same thing following Jack and his family as they drive up the windy road to the hotel. This time the intermixed scene and shots of Jack, Wendy, and Danny are talking in the car, in which Kubrick manages to sneak into a quick hint of TV misery, as Wendy voices his concerns about talking about the cannibal in front Danny, who says he's okay because he has already seen it on television (`Look at? It's okay, he saw it on the TV. '). The hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this to take place, and the past hundred has made more fear by the great, echoing rooms and the long halls. The rooms and echoes are constantly emphasizing the void of the hotel, but it is the halls that really create most of the scariness of this movie, and Kubrick's traditional vacations follow the halls of a three-dimensional climbing. Earlier in the movie, there is a famous follow-up shot that follows Danny in a great circle as he rides through the hallways on his Big Wheel (that's what's called?), With its relative speed (as well as the clown feast By the same wheels as it goes back and forth from the hardwood floors to throw the carpets) give the feeling does not know what's on the edge. And being a Stephen King story, you EXPECT something to jump from you. I think the best scene in the hallways (as well as one of the scary of the movie) is when Danny is playing on the floor, with a rolling ball slowly up to him. It looks up and sees the empty space hall, and because the ball is something of a child's play, you expect it to be those twins that crowded grays that roll it to it. Anyway, you get the point. The shining is a scary movie scary. In addition, the rare quality of being a horror movie that does not suck, the shining has a very profound story that really keeps you guessing and leaving you with a feeling that there was something that you missed. HAD Jack was still there, as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Is it really in this ball in 1921, or is that just someone who looks exactly with him? If he was still the caretaker, as Mr. Grady also said, it was HIM who went crazy and killed his wife and twin daughters, and not Mr. Grady, after all? It's one thing for a movie to leave unfinished loose that should be tied, that's just mediocre movie. For example, horror in Amityville, which obviously copies many of the shining as far as its subjects, did. But it is entirely different when a movie is presented in a way that really makes you think (like most of all in Kubrick's movies). One more thing that we can all thank Stanley Kubrick for, and we should thank him for, let's not send this book against the wall. This one would be tragedi cinemas.
