Chilling, majestic pieces of Cinematic Serpentine, this film combines all the great elements of a cognitive thriller, and the grand vision of a director of the instinctueu capabilities to merge a terrible Moody cops into the domain of his filming genius including an eye for the original shot, an ice-cold band and a general sense of disunity. This movie cuts into all typical horror movies like a red poker in a human eye, as it allows the viewer to not only feel the violence and psychosis of his protagonist, but to appreciate the seed from which the stem derangement. One horrible thing for people to face is the unknown and this movie presents its draw and just thought in mind. The environment is perfect, in a winter desperate wilderness. Tranquility this moment is a character in itself, as the farm aggressor of Jack Torrance in mind slows down in this idle time, and raises the new playground. I still feel like the evil presence was dormant at all in our minds, and only the circumstances of the moment, with the reason given, need to wake her violent ass and ride on its unsuspecting victim. This movie is a perfect example of this great thinking. <br /> And it is in subtle touch of this film in the canvas, the clackity-clacks of the big boy wheel riding on the empty halls of the hotel, the maze garden representing fine lines between antique and crazy, Kubrick In transmittal correctional inconsistency, continuity mistakes, and misconceptions, we discover a guided world by the right and tangible, but coaxed away by the powerful and unknown. I never read the book about that movie based, but without as a comparison point, I am proud to say that this is one of the films I've ever seen. I thought that the exile of the movie could be cut by a little, but then again, I am not one of the most acclaimed directors of the story of films, so maybe I should be keeping criticism of -side me on a superb movie, myself. All of this, this film captures your attention and its shape with its vision, your code in and some awesome and unique directions, and your link down with your elbow in the heart and look cold-eyed it to the man's mind Further, climb atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />: 9/10
