Anthony McGarten has adapted his play, Via Satelit, and directs the best comic movie from New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a drop-out. He has not accomplished much in his last year, and has begun to complain of his family since his father's confession. Her twin sister, Carol (also portrayed by Danielle Cormack) is basking in the limelight media as she represents New Zealand in swimming at the Olympics. A middle-aged, desperate and desperate director (Brian Sergent) and his good-natured cameraman - which is also Chrissy's one-night night from the previous night - Paul (Karl Urban) film the proudest family of Dunn; watch Carol swim in victory. This would not be so bad but Chrissy's family is the epitome of the embarrassment. First of all, the matriarch of the Wellingtonian Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She makes cake with sausage drinks for all-important movie crew and refuses to change the way it is. Her older daughter, Jen (Rima was Wiata) is desperate to be something more than common. It has a nice home (with walls painted "Blackberry Sorbet"), beautiful taste and a nasty parasite mood match. It is close to 40 and desperate for a child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician and force himself on work that does not need to be done ... as well as performing tasks that need to be done, ie June. The middle child, Lyn (Jodie Dorday - who won the best actress actress in the New Zealand Film Award for this painting) is a "hit-up" tart that has a dubious story with Ken. Both sisters are older sister, Mom is in a state, Ken is as a bad Tim Timime Tim Taylor, Carol is feeding her Olympic desires and Chrissy is aware that all this is to be projected on national television - why should not she anbarase? It is great to see some of the most popular New Zealand faces in the suburban comedy that are expected to be spare lines. I liked the boxing between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult Mona-biologist-clock-is-ticking-away, the other a muscular tramp that has what his sister wants - a loaf of bread. The bigger part of the film is quite sentimental and it is nicely done. Their performance is a treat and the movie works perfectly. A good way to spend an hour-and-a-half. <br /> <br />
