Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performing artist for rich intellectuals in a local club. He falls prey to his fantasy as the promise of romantic intimidation to turn to murder as he kills believers that sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that, through a form of hypnotic suggestion, someone (a possible master worker pulls his strings like a puppet) will guide Lorna to his murderers coming across in solitary places just when it appears that love-making is about start. After the murders of his imagination, Lorna rose because of, often clueless as if he was confused in his dreams ever took place in reality. <br /> <br /> If someone asked me how to describe this particular work from Franco, I'd say it's elegant & tough. From now on, you've probably read other user reviews befuddled by what this movie is about, since a great portion of it takes place in the surreal atmosphere of a dream. Franco mentioned in an interview that he was heavily influenced by Godard earlier in his career, as far as film-making style, and so we decided to abandon a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a kind of kind of look experience. And, as you read from the reaction of the user comments here .. like such a decision, others find the style, dull, and dazzling work. I'll be the first to admit that the movie is on my head, but even Franco himself, when quizzed by critics who looked at "Succubus", admitted he did not even understand the movie and he directed it! Some may say that "Succubus" was merely a precursor to work more admired, "Venus in Furs", considered his master by Franco faithful, because it also adopted the surreal structure, dream where the protagonist does not really know if he It has something real or imagined. In a sense, like the protagonist, we have the same kind of confusion .. certainly, "Succubus" is the original film-making where we are not given the keys to what exactly will be over. And, a great deal of the dialogue is elusive does not help matters. "Succubus" also populated by the Beatnik and "poet-talk", Corman's film, "A Bucket of Blood" poked fun. My favorite staging scene teases in a lesbian interlude between Lorna and a woman she meets in a chic party .. an awesome sequel to which mannequins are used rather pretty. Great place and jazz notes .. I liked this movie myself, although I can understand why it receives a negative reaction. Liked that one scene of the chic party and Lorna, a little bit drunk, writhing on the floor of a gorgeous evening gown as the others went to the shindig (equally wasted) hurrying to embrace it in a kiss .
