I did not see all Jess Franco's movies, I saw 5, I think, and there are more than 180 of them. So maybe it's a bit early to say so but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (best known as 'Succubus', but this is the off version) is according to me if not the best, certainly on the best Franco. Franco is best known (although 'known' might be slightly exaggerated) for "Vampiros Lesbos", an unusual film that has gotten more reputation among the 90 when people were found out by Jess Franco also an interesting composer. Through the band a few happy guys discovered the man and found out what to expect after watching the video clip of 'The Lion and the Cucumber' ('Vampyros Lesbos OST'): Jess Franco is an overwhelming director. When the phone rings during 'Vampiros', I leave it ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. Since Franco has never been able to grip me much. But then I stumble on this movie. It is even better than "Vampiros Lesbos", I think. Franco is looking for what she can do with a story and a camera. We get it done so much. I certainly did not expect to find "Necronomicon" that great: its start did not impress me at all. Remember, I saw "Vampiros Lesbos" before (although the chronology came only three years later) and both movies started the same. But then the story went on, puzzling and inviting, beautiful camera work and the thing you would like to see Godard do if he was not so busy with spreading his political message. Later in the movie I heard a dialogue about which art was or was not old-fashioned. The man says that all films must be old-fashioned because it took weeks before the audience saw what was being filmed. But the girl replied that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard yesterday made movies for tomorrow." Janine Reynaud is an exciting lead actress and of course Howard Vernon, a regular Franco, is there. The likelihood of acting is good (something that can spoil a lot of movie movies for you, but not this one). But certainly watch out for the misguided scene. The erotic tension, the wildlife led and the fact that it's yesterday's film for tomorrow makes it a movie a lot of people should see. The fact that it is a bit more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" certainly helps.
