Police, investigation, murder, suspicions: we all know and are in gorgeous movies. Most of the films nowadays deal with crimes that are believed to involve viewers, given them with a thrilling atmosphere. However, most of the thrill lovers will rather focus on the latest movies in the kind of memory of their older ones. But it happens that these people can easily be deceived. An entirely-based movie based on suspicion can be very exciting now despite being over 20 years ... it is a VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there much of the action? Not really since the events presented in the film take place in a considerably short time. But the way to execute is the bigger plus the movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is investigated by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It is Eve a new year, a rainy evening and not very accurate for such a meeting. But after the rape and murder of two children, at dawn in the old year, the door of suspicion must be open at last. In other words, (plus quoted in the movie), it must reveal who is a bad wound is really. To achieve this, one needs much effort and also many emotions from both parties. <br /> Some people criticize the script for too wordy. But I would ask them: what should be an investigation as if not many questions, and, practically, much talk. This wordiness touches the many roots of the genre. In no way is this boring, but in the entire movie, it makes you, as a viewer, as an observer, involved. In addition, the film has well backbacks as the stories are said. Not too much and not too little of them - just enough to make the story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable restore, for me, is when Martinaud's wife, Chantal (Romy Schneider), talks about one beautiful Christmas ... But the flashbacks also include the views of the places where there are including the infamous beach. It's all nice to help me keep the right pace. And since I've seen GARDE a Vue, I still mention this movie as one of the "defenders" of French cinema against allegations of chaos and chaos. But those already mentioned aspects can not necessarily appeal to viewers because they might not like these movies and still will not find the content and its execution satisfied. But a VUE wallpaper is also worth seeing these people. Why? For the sake of performance. But here do not expect me to praise all time Romy Schneider. A VUE GARAGE is not Romy Schneider machine. He does a terrific job as a mother deeply despairing for a lost child. It's credible to show a calm, concrete person, who does not deny a cup of tea, but does not want to play with words. His part, including a profound talk of life and duty is brilliant, more credible than the overwhelming melancholy role of Elsa in LA PASSANTE OF SANS SOUCI. It always acts. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Practically, it appears for the first time after 45 minutes of credit; He, as a wife and a different opinion, comes symbolic with the New Year, at night. His role is a purely supporting one. Who really stones is Lino Ventura. It is the middle-aged inspector Antoine Gallien who wants to find the truth, who knows that his question is "missile" towards the other interlocutor, but do not hesitate. She is an inspector who, who was married three times, is perfectly recognized in women's psyche. He is one of those who does not consider his work as a game to play, but a real service. Finally, it is someone who does not find it normal to sit there on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also performed a good job of expressing fear, particularly in the final scenes of the movie. But thumbs up for Mr Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> As far as memorable moments are concerned, this is not the sort of movie in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The entire movie is memorable, could be seen more than once and had to be felt with its atmosphere and, which I had not mentioned before, gorgeous music. For me, talking about Chantal and Gallian inspectors is the brightest moment. You have with the two characters, you experience the state of mind if you go deeper into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARAGE A VUE is a very exciting movie, a must see for thrill lovers and enthusiasts of artistic performance. New Year has turned and ... is it now easier to open the door? You will find out when you decide to view the memorable movie directed by Claude Miller. 8/10
