Our fondness in Ed Wood tends to be a bunch of obsessions in the first place, but this particular movie has driven me to a fan-level fan I never before approached! One of the most intense feelings of adult non-mainstream films - at least as far as I'm concerned - is the fun of unearthing the darkness. I remember how, as a teenager, I wanted to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (a.k.a. "Night of the Ghouls"), which at that time was voted for a couple of decades. Likewise, these masterpieces of low bookbuilding film as Doris Wishman are "a night to deplore" or half the work of Jesus Franco! However, recent years have seen videos and DVDs rendering those treasures once unfindable almost TOO accessible - even for those of you on the 'wrong' side (!) Side of the Atlantic .... <br /> Then, Look, there was "I got up early the day I was dying" - a movie that would be so 'big', but disappeared from the same evener before Fangoria printed the first fairly long article about it which first whetted my appetite . The 1990s needed a hard-to-get movie though that would really be worth hunting out: and that's sure it's .... I do not especially want to add too much of a comment on all of these wonderful aspects In her film - her elaborate-yet-kitsch skirts, her haunting often hallucinogenic visuals, her beautiful moments of "pure movies" (in the sense of the French 1920 cinastes) and surrealism, or even her resoundingly memorable soundtrack - Since this has all been described most eloquently by other users here. <br /> What I do to want to mention, briefly, is the fun that I also got to hunt down certain Dark Artefak related to this almost-lost-to-us -mak-thankfully-by-well movie! I think the German video, which I picked up while in Cologne on a cold winter day, is fairly well-known to Ed Wood's followers now. It is also quite common knowledge that has been a promotional poster for the release movie. However, there are fortunately more to be found !!! Firstly, there are a number of revisions available to the German-based film THEATRICAL - I used several of these in my translation classes in an attempt to "woodify" my students ..... some of these reviews are positive eulogies in the artistic and entertainment movie - and most interestingly at all is that most critics put it downright in both the American dish and the European arthouse tradition. Secondly, there are notes in Larry Groupe ', which can be acquired from the man himself - many of the train drives a really emotional pull on the listener, especially if you're contemplating the current movie "voted" status and grows a little sadness at the same time. Finally - for now - I want to mention the promo soundtrack that Cinequanon puts out of very limited numbers. BEG, BOTH, violate, kill or do whatever it takes if you get the chance to get one of these !!!!!! It features 14 tracks from the movie, such as Eartha Kitt's Castle, Darcy Clay's late "Jesus I was wrong" (two versions of which are also available on CD from New Zealand, although this is another story again!), The cool radio music where Christina Ricci dances, and amazingly technological gout by Minty and ZHV (the letter was very clean Billy Z's technological band) ..... <br /> <br /> Be Obsessed - Let Ed Wood rules of your life.
