This 1998 film was based on a script by Edward D. Wood late, a never-ending dialogue in the tradition of films such as the THIEF. While many of the woodworking work were originally low-budgeted into various genre-film traditions, his first release features GLEN OR GLENDA was an attempt to really express the unexpected experience of primitive avant-garde. I HAVE MY FIRST DAY I am representing Ed Wood, the experimental, although this film is a comedy (a nightmare comedy, however!), While the cross-dress theme at GLEN OR GLENDA has taken it seriously by Wood which did not have room for the comedy. From the first seconds of this film I knew that I was taking in a new Cinematic world, and I can not really compare this world with everything else. By the technique of the movie design - production, sound design, scoring notes, photography, etc. - is groundbreaking on any number of levels. In particular, although the movie has no "dialogue" has sounds of all kinds and also "language", but you'll have to see how it makes yourself, as the smart and surprise of the methods to give a level of excitement at all. Glen or Glenda-esque techniques of stock footage juxtaposes for surreal effects work well in the film and are kept at a minimum. The whole movie is played in a hysterical-pitched pride, and Billy Zane gives an amazing travel-de-force performance that shows what a brilliant physical comedy with his actor is. In a fair world, it would provide some awards for this performance. It even looks like Wood Ed, and as played by Zane this character is in various timesfunny, sleazy, tragic, sympathetic, and anonymous (sometimes together !!!). What a shame that this film was caught in legal issues and never received a North American theater or video, only play a few festivals. Currently, it's only available on video in Germany (in fact, my copy is from a German source - excerpt from the Wood Scenario that is shown on the screen from time to time to translate into German, although newspaper titles (which are high-budgetary techniques in providing trace elements, especially those that might be too expensive to film, through newspaper titles used here in wooden traditions) that Zane sees in English). I think this movie could be a word-of-mouth after being played at night in some big cities and some promoting attention. But if the city played by city slowly on the art-movie circuit, it could be done well. In fact, if the legal issues can be solved, I would like to suggest that the movie should always provide a theater release, especially a MIDNIGHT "CULTURE" release. This is a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Did I "understand" each scene? No, but I "feel" every emotional scene. Do everything work "in the movie? Maybe not. I only saw it twice, and the first time I saw it I was interrupting a number of times. However, with all the junk of the people playing multiplex play and many "alternative" films were fetishist or firefighter shot-on-video film-rejected, we need Hollywood's current experimentation like this. The latest film by Bob Dylan "masked and Anonymous" has taken a chance as something like Steven Soderbergh's FULL Frontale. This film was able to get a bigger audience than one of those people. If you are reading this review a few years from now and the idea of ​​this film sounds intriguing, see if it has ever been released on video. You will not be bored. Invite some friends ... make it a party. Play the amazing sound LOUGH. I have a feeling that, wherever it is in the afterlife, Ed Wood is pleased with this film and it feels like its unique vision was justified and validated a bit by making this movie. The wood probably also laughs, as it always seemed to get the bad breaks in life, the movie made in tribute to her after her death that kept up in lawsuits and sat unreleased in the country in doing it.
