OK, so I know in this movie because of a friend I'm in it and I actually visited the series when they were filming, so from a perspective perspective point, I was intrigued to finally see this dark little gem. If you dig all about info about this movie, you will find it at the top of legal issues (even more than 7 years after filming) so if you are at all like me - you will do whatever it takes to find a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15 but I felt torn because when I got it today in the mail, it was a very rough, true copy of a "ONLY SCREENER" release, complete with annoying mini mini-code but alas, I could always enjoy it, but not as well as if I had a proper copy, something I suggest you get if you want the full impact of this movie power or may not be on you. From what I have collected, it has been released on DVD in Germany & now Spain. With that, good luck & happy looking / bid ...;). The note / sndtrk is worth it alone. Very eclectic and varied (somethinbg rare these days IMHO in film) - I think they will be next sndtrk / I score to get, but I digresse ... <br /> <br /> Now on the review. The film opens as Billy Zane's character is injecting a nurse into the mental ward he is apparently close in. He steals his clothes (even shoes) and quickly moves in a series of keeps up a bank / loan store, but after them The escape and the plunder, well, I guess this is where the "plot" starts - it inaudibly looses it. After doing several crimes on top-of-head and dalliances in various A-C list of stars to get the money, he finds himself somehow in a cemetery where a funeral - I think the guy dies he shoots at office / bank offices, and - even with 1950 police cars and cops all over the country for him gradually at all - he never came to see or nabbed. (She sees daily newspapers reporting her "crime") What I liked, because she gave the conspiracy an extension. After all, it's a movie (see: fiction) & director Iris Iliopulos doing what I think is all possible in 1) bringing Wood's vision of fruit and 2) giving it a refreshing feel, yet there are shots in cars native police 50 tall and ahh, local LA.99 $ store - so well hence my 9 rating. If the period and accessory were authentic - I would give it a 10th. Now it's done to clean up something weird and I'm not going to spoil it for anyone, but let's just say the end of the end is a bit How disappointing for him, for me, he promised, action and comedy - all got up to the end, so ... and all that said - let a copy at your own discretion. <br /> <br /> Just realize that, as there is no dialouge (except for some narration and song) this can go up your go - maybe not - but I definitely think it's worth a look. The actors all make fine performances and it's only the inconsistency of the appropriate period pieces that made me long for just that editing - then I would say not all means to check this movie out so it does not matter These studios put out those days (or will in the future, too) I'm sure.
