When I think 'Woman in prison', my mind often goes to Italian / Spanish production by directors such as Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei; and while these films are often very sleazy, they're also very samey and once you've seen one; you might as well have seen them all. I must admit that these types of films are generally not my favorites; but in fact the ideas behind the women were done very well on several occasions outside of Italy and Spain; and New World Pictures Roger Corman is responsible for some of the best of them. Heat Caged is the premier director of Oscar-winning director Jonathan Demme, and he's a bit doing little flick with great entertainment! Of course, the movie center on the story of a girl who keeps committed crimes and sends a prisoner to a woman in which she is introduced to an army of violent prisoners. This prison is directed by the Superintendent McQueen tether; and it takes offense in a game put on by the girls; which leads them to draw an escape. This film is much lighter on the sleaze than I used to film a woman; but this is more than rewarding for by some great action scenes and dialogues and that's what makes Caged Heat entertaining at all. It must be said that the plot is not particularly original or ambitious and basically follows a structure similar to many other women in the prison movie that came before it; but that's not a big problem. The film never becomes boring and is peppered with exceptional scenes; including an attempt to escape while working out of a field with a bank robbery. The film is helped together by ensuring the direction from the man who would go to the helm of the silent ruler of the lamb and a great cast and lots of standouts; including the best of all Barbara Steele's legends in the role of head of the jail head. In general, Heat Cage can not leave the viewer and much to think about at the end; but it is a brilliant entertaining little grindhouse flicking movie and anyone who enjoys this type of movie will surely want to follow it down.
