The current crime history of the Cold Heart might look a bit 'tame' for those who are surprised at the classic killer series stories (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or just maybe more celebrity from Hollywood (OJ , Manson). The essential facts of the case by the amount of things that are terribly entangled are: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (here played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson respectively) met by some luck, a plot stole someone's farmhouse in safe in Kansas, and after killing a family card with a shotgun and wrist went with 43 dollars. Aside from the returns to the U.S. after surviving shortly in Mexico, there is not a whole lot of mystery of the resolution either. They were caught by some ironic odds (a jail following them and stopped them for having a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped out a boy and his old boy collecting bottles for change), and sentenced hang in the neck until death. The story ended in 1965. But it's touching the story, moments of moot, performance, a cynical movie that Brooks and its absolutely magnificent (end / big) DP Conrad Hall provide in dark and white panoramic seas , and a storytelling style that feels without going to excessive naturalism or excessive melodrams (maybe perhaps for the near end, which is perfect pitch). The time of tragedy hanging on the story, and not so much because of the killings themselves, no matter how brutal they are as "third" people who are conjuring up, as the narrator narrates, by Smith and Hickcock teaming up, but because of the inevitability of the story. You feel somehow for such criminals, which in any other but should just be conventional figures or something from a B-movie. These are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters either, at least all the way through. It is also an excellent 'road-movie' as we see Smith and Hickcock on the way down to the Clutter House (the current night-time scene of the crime taking place late in the movie), then on Mexico, Then go back to America towards Las Vegas. We get soaked in the personality of these two, probably even more so in the police detective that at first there is no drive and then finally get a break with a prisoner. It's actually disturbing to get this close to those two (sort of analogues in the flying quality of Malkin's Badlands character), and it's also a daring signal for the period. There is no sermonizing, as "he did so because of this with this or the other." We see how Smith had an abusive, psychotic father, but that Smith loved and hated him. The complexity is too much for the film, perhaps even too much for the Capote book (which, I should confess, I still read, though I plan). And we see Hickcock this beast of gluidity (ie getting the lawsuit and other things with bad checks), but without any deep-root explanation it all. <br /> <br /> The trait of fatalism in blood Cold is some of most of the 60s, and the luck of Brooks has its stars like Blake in its top-of-pops performance (this and Highway Lost, strange enough to consider his real life legend in recent years, his excellence piece of work), and Wilson's tools before becoming a character actor. While they are surrounded by fine support works, they themselves are evolving to absorb, driving more or less by greed and imagination of escapism and treasure, and staying pretty much sitting in situations across the range of deaths and over the end. Is this a moral in the story, if there might be one, that it is more terrible to confront the possibility that those who kill can not be ranked, in good vs evil is getting smudged? Smith apologized for his crime before being hanged, and he pointed out, "but of who?" This is a tidal story to give the most hardened fans of the true frenzy frustration, and probably the best American movie in 1967.
