Criminal Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believes Mr. Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas holding a huge reserve of cash on hand in a safe. On November 15, 1959 in two dead ends killed Mr. and Mrs. Clutter with his son and daughter. After a small police investigation the guys were found and convicted to be hanged. In Cold Blood (1967) is directed by Richard Brooks. Now I have not read the novel Truman Capote this movie based, so I'm not can do any comparison. The film does a brilliant job telling of the terrible events that actually took place. Blob Blob is excellent as Perry. Of course, Blake was the murderer of his own a few years back, accused of killing his wife. It's free now, but we still do not know the truth. What ever can be, it's still a very good actor. Scott Wilson performs remarkable work as Hickock.John Forsythe is terrific as Alvin Dewey.Paul Stewart is very good Jensen.Jeff Corey is wonderful as Mr. Hickock.Same thing with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith. John McLam shows Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin is Nancy's daughter and Paul Hough are Kenyon's son boys.Great work by each of them.There are many reminders from this film.Let's start from lighter places. It's very nice when Perry wants to go hunting for gold in Mexico and says Hickock: Remembering Bogart in Sierra Madre treasures a? "And Blake himself was in that movie as a boy! And it's a fun time when, giving a ride to this boy and his granddad, collecting bottles and turning them into for refund. The darker ones are the ones that are most haunted. The sequel to the flashback, where you see the murders passed, permanent. When Perry goes to killing the girl, Nancy passes, and says "Oh, please do not do this "... the brutality of man, it is impossible to explain.Then the hanging scene. First have to go Hickock and then Perry, first talking to the minister. In the last image of the movie We see Perry striking at the end of the rope. Lots, and books can try to sympathize with those bandits. Especially the character Perry is someone you might feel sorry for. He thinks of his mother, and dad who he hates, but they still love.But it does not change the fact both of these guys actors show they are brutal murderers, who do not feel sorry for anybody. They go to this house and kill a whole family, in cold blood. How can you sympathize with that person? them?
