In 2006, "Cold Blood" - a nipple from 1967 - has two interesting new contexts that it was not before. First, and most chillingly, is the fact that his star, Robert Blake, was recently tortured to murder his wife. Secondly, recent Oscar has the biopic, "Capote" has shown the story back muddled this genuine genuine true story of crime, Truman Capote. These two new twists make the timely film for a modern audience. <br /> As a stand alone movie from her era, "In Cold Blood" is headache in every way. Most remarkable is the stunning black and white cinematography from Conrad Hall (later in the "Indian Beauty" and "Road of Destruction" fame). Many of the stills from this movie at the Kansas Farm House at night or tree-lined land roads could be sold as fine photography. Combine with the cracker-jack direction from Brooks and superb editing of the early scenes (where we see the daily daily life of the innocent family about to be senselessly killed by the tatterly knit and the plot of the two clumsy assassins), a rich Atmosphere brooding creates that sets the stage for riveting suspension (even when everyone knows how this will all be the end due to the fact of its all based on real life events). It is also great to see in this day and age how brilliantly staged a murderous murder scene can show where the graphic nature of the act transmitted gives the viewer subliminally and nary a drop of blood to show off the screen. The film is also docking nicely by Robert Blake's unusual performance as the most sympathetic yet senseless brutal of the duo to kill. The flashback scene of his terrible children is very well done. Then there is the scene towards the end of the film where he talks to the reverend before being sent to the public square and makes his last "confession" to speak. It's one of the classic movie times that is a perfect marriage of courageous acting, superb writing, unprecedented direction, and haunting photography. I dare you to erase the image of the image of the rain reflection from the window flowing down Robert Blake's face into place in real water. <br /> <br /> The only thing that prevents "Cold Blood" is slowly moving to middle acts where the killers are on the blaze and the nature is forced into the social commentary at the end. The political message relating to death penalty is high for its dependence on the crazy killers and animals.
