Notable, disturbing movie about real life, essence, brutal murder in a small town, along with the consequences, and quizzes on the lives of the killers, Dick Hickok and Perry Smith. Matter how much time goes by, or as dated that date this movie can look, it still reminds the incomprehensibility of complete criminal acts like this. <br /> <br /> This really draws multiple tragedies: The tragedy, brutality and senselessness of murder in the clutter family, a decent farm family in the small town of Holcomb, Kansas; and life, the brutal and sad life of Hickok and Smith. <br /> An interesting point made in the movie: that neither of these two immature, scary, petty criminals would ever contemplate going through with something like this alone. But together, they created a dangerous, collective personality that killed people; one who ate the needs and pathologies of each of them. They push each other on a road to "prove" something to each other. That they were enough men to do it, bring it out; nor want to see it too loose to complete the "notes"; an unfortunate and dangerous residue in the deserted lives have led. These were two grown children, who live in the criminal world by not backing down from oz; which constantly needs to prove manhood and severity. In this example, these needs have brought the right to the murder of the Clutters. The film has a bit bitternally looked at the family clutter, but the point is made. These were respectful, law-abiding, small-town people, who did not deserve this terrible fate. The film also gives us a sense of the young life of Hickok and Smith. Perry Smith, whose early life was filled with safety and love, but the horror view as alcohol took his family down a tragic path. Hickok, poor and left pretty much in his own device, can not see how he fit into, using his intelligence and charm as everyone came into contact with them. <br /> An interesting and perhaps first, look at capital punishment, and what we end up hoping to achieve. Is this nothing more than revenge for a murder that launches a nation at a time when we have not yet been fully faced with such predatory cases among us, or putting these men at the end of a rope really give a relaxation for toddlers and brutal posture in men like these? Is it possible to discourage people who live life in misleading, operating under the radar, believing that they crave everyone to come in contact with? To be discouraged, you must believe it is possible to keep. Is it possible to discourage those who believe they are too smart to keep? who has committed hundreds of petty crimes, and has gone with them? This was supposed to be a "cinch", "no witness". <br /> <br /> When caught, Hickok found it can not charm and silver in the way he's got department store department. Smith, who believes that he deserved such a fate anyway, seemed to be the only salt that is truly grateful to the gravity of what he did, wanting to tell the story when he learned that Hickok has hunted caved in. Hickok blinked first. A funny game of chicken between two immature, emotionally damaged, dangerous people. <br /> <br /> Fascinating psychological thriller, telling a story of a terrible crime in this nation's history. Stunning paintings by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson. These roles have done their career.
