On the eighth day, God created Georges. But just as an eighth day does not fit into the week, Georges does not fit into the modern world: It has Down Syndrome and is therefore marginalized by society, shunted to go to an asylum after her mother's death four years ago. He was the only one who loved him. <br /> <br /> Harry is another person who does not like again. His wife left him, for reasons he can not explain. She also lost her daughter's love when she came too late at the train station to collect two children, who wanted to spend the weekend with their father. <br /> <br /> Harry is a very classified businessman. He knows all the rules that allow us to succeed in our modern meritocracy. But he came into a state of crisis, which came to a climax after the loss of the love of his daughter. It questions the essence of his life, without finding any definite result. <br /> <br /> Harry and Georges meet. At first Harry tries to get rid of Georges, as everyone else does. But Georges can not shake. And it's gradually about Harry, how much he needs Georges, if he wants to get on his identity crisis. It is Georges who opens a new access to the world for him and makes him see his life with different eyes. Friendly and human warmth takes place in striving calculations for success. She has no surprise that Harry now can not avoid failing to work. <br /> <br /> Georges to help Harry regain the recognition of their daughter. Even his wife admitted that the fireworks that he organized were worth seeing. However, a reintegration of the old life is no longer possible. And the new one turns out to be nothing more than a dream and a time limit, which unstoppably will reach its end. The camera is watching Harry and Georges from above, for a long minute, as they both lie down in the grass, just drip the moment. But as with this minute will inevitably go through, the friendship of the two men, who came in being in such a beautiful fashion, will not be long-lasting. Georges is destroyed by the impossible in the opposite sex and can see no other way out but to commit suicide. Harry turns into a hobo town, who asks the car drivers who are waiting in front of the traffic lights for charity. The film describes modern meritocracy as a disastrous mechanism that devours positive values ​​as human beings or friendships. It is Georges, the Mongol, who seems to be able to show the way out of the dilemma, but unfortunately his prayer comes to a bad end. However, its failure does not necessarily mean that it is impossible or not desirable to reach the targeting goal. His way of showing us is surely beaming, although it requires a huge amount of volunteerism and, in addition, the courage to implement a radical nonconformism.
