For anyone who has a mild sensitivity, a mild sentiment in the human and human condition, for anyone who can be above the Hollywood illiterate, for anyone who seeks to see movies without a series of Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes exploit the brains from any person or see who gets into bed with whom, for anyone with intellectual level to reach a capacity of grasp, sympathize with, understand, laugh AK, cry and heart-warming hilarious compassion BEAR but, 'Jitiiti Jour' is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael has not just achieved a masterpiece, which would be too simplistic; he has achieved one of those rare monuments in the world of cinematic art that challenges any kind of knife. Is it a drama? Is it a comedy? No: it is the story of Georges, a wonderful funny pitiful mockery likes to scare nice personality, a sufferer of the Downes Syndrome. It's a story that has you laughing in tears, but this is not one of those classic jerkers worn; This movie moves through a world that has you at once mixing your feelings of compassion or mercy or even shame with those of admiration, warmth and even love. A successful banking seller, Harry, bumps into Georges: they both went in the opposite direction with absolutely opposite ideas, problems and priorities; Able to wind Dormael dissolves these people easily into a warm friendship, but which is more than the friendship friend of people with a beer down the road. This is a relationship that develops into a pit need not both for the other. The cuasi-surrealist scene fit perfectly: Georges recalls (or invented) past scenes in his life while night-dreaming or sleeping; Even the almost phantasmagorical final scene is correctly correct. The only scenario that could be considered a little out of place is by stealing a bus and driving it out of the show-rooms. However, this is not detected throughout. This movie is a monument. Even if your French is not so much, please bring it to your sub-titles. 'Le Huitième Jour' is worth the trouble. As for all else, well, just read these commentaries ?? I go along with all of them. This movie is a happy, majestic, unique. If you've seen 'Rain Man' that I consider an excellent film, you must see this one: it is far superior because it does not have the superficial vernacular of famous Hollywood producing world-renowned actors; has Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? DOS oscars for these two, and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares ????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the rating IMDb does not break down the strain. <br /> <br /> Magnifier! Chapeau!
