This film has all the size and greatness of many of the great Biblical spices of the 1950s and the '60. But it is also perhaps the first to really humankind the biblical characters themselves. The best thing about it is that it does not reduce them to the eyes of the viewer. This is a unique and compelling balance that helps us to realize that even bigger people like David are defeated by those who gain faith and granite in facing their flaws. <br /> <br /> The actors all the first percentage of the movie from Gilbert Barnett as David Absolom's second son of Susan Hayward's beautiful as Bathsheba. Hayward is at her best in this movie. It's clean verified, but bigger than living style of acting is good at home here. He is the seducer's leg, but he plays the role in a way that you sympathize with it. Raymond Massey does a great job as Nathan the Prophet. As a kid when I first saw the movie, Massey seemed like he really just converted to the Lord himself and was an awesome sight. No doubt also helped in the great music that composed by the amazing New York who has also been great success in other Biblical era such as the "Robe" and "The Biggest Story Ever said" along with perhaps 100 other films too ! The movie movie by Leon Shamroy is well done and added to the size but also the intimacy of the movie. Henry King, a truly filmmaker director who likes William Wyler, never really pigeons himself in any genre, pulls together a bigger life-style that never loses sight of the love story between David and Bathsheba with his own great David's fight with his faith in God. Breaking the path of this movie could be very hokey, but King keeps it real and exciting all the way. Plus, we never lose sense of mystery about trying to understand God's will, as David himself fights the same. From the first scene where a dead soldier dies tries to save the ship from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's response, (to recall) that no one can understand the will of God. This is the journey we embark right up to the powerful finish where David finally confronted with himself. <br /> <br /> Finally this movie belongs to Gregory Peck as wonderful as King David. David is a man you can believe would lead a country of mercy, but at one time a faithful singer of psalms. This is one of its best performances. <br /> I do not see this movie on TV much again, but when I never fail to watch it. I think it always keeps up very well today.
