I still believe that David and Bathsheba were an original movie intended for Tyrone power in Fox 20th century, although Gregory Peck provided a good account of himself as King David, the monarch and an astray eye. A lot of Bible topics get covered in this movie, adultery, redemption, sin, punishment and generally what God expects from his followers. <br /> <br /> When you are a king, even in a library to prophesy your kingdom certainly make a lot of perogativas do not open to the rest of us. King David has many wives, as one really vicious at Jayne Meadows, the daughter of Saul, David before. But his eyes catch up in Bathsheba from his garden an evening. She turned her head as ill, married to Uri, the Hittite, as David was a few women. Uriah is one of David's military commander. David sends Bathsheba to him, he is the king and he comes a runnin 'because he has his eye on him too. <br /> <br /> What happens, an affair, a pregnancy, and a carefully arranged death for Uriah in a fight. But all see and know that God has kept all these things and not only punished David and Bathsheba, but the kingdom of Israel is punished with drought, disease, and disease. The day of appeal for Bathsheba has a stoning death. David shows weakness in his previous actions, but here he goes up to the plate and asks for everything to put it on him. She even caught the Ark of an instant death as seen in the movie. <br /> <br /> My interpretation of it is that God admits innocent even though you are not wrong and it allows David and forgives them both. Bathsheba became the mother of Solomon and she and David were several great successors in the various kingdoms of Israel and Judah until they both conquered. Susan Hayward is looking for Bathsheba to keep in a loveless wedding and Uriah played by Kieron Moore. The only thing that gets moore excited is a good fight. I loved Kieron Moore's performance as a brave and brave horse. <br /> No one can put the law like Raymond Massey. His son Natan is in keeping with John Brown's character playing two films, even intensities. So when his own law was called for death, why God was spending Bathsheba and holding David on the throne. Maybe it was the fact He just did not want to train a third guy for the job. He replaced Saul and David. But I think that the Christian interpretation might be that this was a hint of the forthcoming New Testament, that one could sin and be gracious if one asks for it to penitence. I'll leave it to biblical scholars to submit interpretation. Watch the movie and you might come up with an entirely new theory.
