There is no shortage of bad dialogue in David and Bathsheba ?? "I was quite a hand and a slingshot," "The King of all the Israelites outside in the darkness exposes himself to the enemy" (full mark of Dennis Hooey for delivering that one with a straight face), "Go and sat down with concentration. "And somehow I doubt a bored David ever told Nathan the Prophet" Whatever you say. " He even tried old "My kingdom does not understand me" routine on housewife Bathsheba desperate at one point. So it's probably a tribute to the Henry King's direction that the film is not at all bad despite the many pitfalls of the third to give. Maybe it's the censor-elves nature of the plot ?? a married man kills a females fatality girl and gets away with it! ?? but King carries out the growing theological and theological complexes of the script Phillip Dunne rather than upping the sin and hokum sandals. This is David's controversy on the slope down, abandoned by a valuable God he does not understand yet, and the film does not turn away from the unanswerable guide questions on why a deity deity would choose to revenge revenge on the innocent instead that the culprit. She even offers a truly surprising criticism of the sexual inequality of the law, where the weaknesses of husband result in the punishment of the wives. Unlike King David, who sidelined the king in favor of more than more What is interesting to Saul, David is firmly in the center of the drama, and despite an interesting display of shoulders attached to a Frankly gormlessly over-standing when visiting the site of Jonathan's death and death, Peck's peak performance is growing in tall as David shrinks. Susan Hayward is the most Hollywood pro, Raymond Massey is a suitable theater teacher (why should naturalist be when you had a tremendous voice in the sky?) With Uriah Kieron Moore as an intrusive chavinist besides you can not exactly blaming David to put it in bad ways, but despite threatening soft peddle the film does not allow David a moral to get out of prison free cards on his death. With surprisingly strong but submissive designs and photography techniques this is definitely a cut above most 40s-50s Biblical era. The new DVD Fox is a good transfer, including an incredibly hokey 'rear' back-stage scene with a trailer and short shots deleted from the single movie movie battles scene.
