This film is famous for many types: a literary script, for once part-religious-made films, by Philip Dunne, some very good performances, a first-rate production in every department and its smart direction by Henry Veteran King. If one made a movie, then getting talent like Leon Shamroy as cinematographer, Lyle Wheeler as art director and Alfred Newman as the original music composer would guarantee a quality production. Add cast in this film, such as Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the titles, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and Jan Sutton plus a dance by Gwen Verdon and their expectations might have raised the movie which can cause them to be done in something special. But in a scriptural script script, usually a sub-genre trending logic motivation and miraculous intervention, everything would ultimately depend on the author's skill. Philip Dunne here has been supplied human beings, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man of this film, many-sided, not a person who does mythical deeds in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-controlled, self-deprecating and appealing. As Bathsheba, Hayward is just the perfect choice, but it translates a good thing about common-sense and emotional sensuality that helps one see why the King of Israel would be very risky for her. The rest of the cast is stiff and can not turn. The familiar scenario gives them little to work with, but author Dunne and cast in doing as much as possible with the human situation. Young David said in a flashback; how he was chosen by a prophet of the Lord as king of Israel, and earned his way to the second king, Saul, when he defeated Goliath the Fiiistine in battle when all the others scared the giant warrior giant. Then he ultimately drove into Saul's court of Israel, becoming a famous warrior, and returning to claim the kingdom and becoming instrumental death of Jonathan, the son of the king, an ex-friend. Its war success - the film opens in reality with a successful assault scene; but her life is empty since Mikal, his wife, Jayne Meadows, is the daughter of Saul and she's cold for her. He returned to Bathsheba, whom he saw from the naked bath rooftop roof; later he admitted he was hoping he would see him. But she has a husband, Uri; when it becomes pregnant, it becomes necessary for Uriah to come out of the battlefield and spend time at home; he asked David to put him in the first place in the battle, even after the Verdon was dancing. David agrees. He died, a hero of war; but that does not solve the problem of infidelity. Drought comes to Israel, and the infamy King blamed for the phenomenon. In the end, David seized the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and housed in a temple, causing the death of others who accidentally came into contact with her, inviting his God to punish her - and not nothing happens ... David came out of the temple and found that rain came to his land. This film is always interesting, varied in its kind of scenic and physically beautiful. The director and author make use of the observer's principles, and they are frankly more successful in characterizing the characters than in any movie outside the Grecianized-Near Eastern Eastern Cannon, where the feat is a bit easier since neither theme nor miracle nor Religions have made central to these adventures. . Well remembered for its glowing realization, fine performance and intelligent dialogue, the dramatic effort brings repeated studies.
