Not a fan of the first person shooter I was very reluctant to play this game. After playing the demo however I was selling. "Undying" really manages to pull you into the game and be part of the universe that your character is in. You have this green amber, called the "Gel'ziabar Stone" of special powers and warns you of the event particular or things to look. With a special spell "scrye" you can see certain things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Walk through a hall you suddenly hear whisper in magic stone: "Look," and the glowing stone in for example a painting. Then using the scrye spell you can see some strange things and climb over the paint. Let me tell you to witness something like that is scary as hell. Those who hope to finish this game in a few hours can forget about it even with the use of cheats. This game depends on the character using blood and walk carefully around. Because as in any setting your horror film is usually very dark. And ghosts and monsters appear in random when you do not expect them and can kill you very quickly. There is this scene where you want to go into a room where you push back with the great forces that it takes time for you to realize what happened. This was a scene that might have come straight from classic horror "Dead Evil"! Experiencing something like this is a real achievement. There are a lot of elements that take "Undying" at the level of the best movie horrors ever produced. But, sadly, I'm having some flaws. For one thing the universe you play is great. You start from a huge castle with all sorts of hidden, secret rooms and even a hidden hell dimension called "Oneiros". This is true at the beginning. But all the times are loaded with some difficult enemies in between which can become frustrating. And no cards. The game requires you to memorize your environment. So patience is required. There are also some jumping puzzles that you must do otherwise you can not progress. I do not mind jumping on platforms of third person adventures. But in first mode people can be an annoying job. Luckily you can save at any time and anyplace. With my confidence you will need it. Overall "Undying" is an extraordinary shooter first deserved to be played by any fan or fan game.
