As an anti-football person, I (on the surface) grudgingly took my youngest brother to see this film, although in secret I was hoping it would be East to East II. The trailers were fun to think I'd give it a go. <br /> It took about ten minutes but after I was stuck on the screen and did not do anything with the neck cramps caused by sitting near the front due to a packed auditorium. The act was cool and vibrant, the characters engaged, and the jokes are really funny. The auditorium was laughing loudly every minute or so. Football fans or football fans, sports have become the main principles of love, friendship, family, independence and rivalry. Add a dash of Sikh culture and you have the formula for the best British comedy I've seen in a long time, dare I say it .... better than East is East. <br /> Together nicely at a nice pace, never staying on anything much longer than necessary or leaving nothing to finish, keeping the enticing and mentally engaging viewer. Even though it's not a charismatic twist-and-turn movie, there are some nice surprises on the road and things do not always happen as you would expect. <br /> <br /> Say that, there were elements of predictability but these were exploited more saturated than used as script-files. I think depending on your particular trend for end-joy you might either be happy / let down to the finish. Personally, if any other result I would write a letter strongly written writing script writings. <br /> As for the actors, I should say that Juliet Stevenson (Paula) puts in the finest performance. I never knew that such people existed but realistically and sometimes scarce my convictions that they may have done! The most compelling prize (of the main characters) goes, unfortunately, to Kiera Knightley (Jules), but does not get me wrong, even it offers a great performance, it's just that someone has to be last of the best and sorry Kiera, this time you are her. <br /> Tip: Do not let before credit. Once the lights went up I realized in my horror that maybe I should not have watched this movie after all. I love but forgotten the junk of junk in a juice of blue sugar. Oh, what I say, it was absolutely bright and I can not recommend it enough. I will definitely buy it when it comes out and add it to my collection of 3 videos. I'm a student. I only splash out if it's really worth it.
