My head scarves always smarts out of the burning charcoal stings on it when I promised I love this movie. Carry on the coals; I will walk on them as well to say again that I love "bend it like Beckham." Granted, there's a lot of "in spite of" in that confession. It's a bit movie-of-the-week; The scenario is on the painting-by-numbers side. And, most troublingly, the Principal's book implies that in this beauty film can be found mostly among the white skin. <br /> <br /> The engineering film is not in what is obvious in the field Field-doctored Syd: Character Arch, theme, construction. It's both the surface and the bottom bottom bottom, but not in those layers of skyscraper artwork that looks more often scratched. Powerful, sometimes semi-clad body is not simply on display but kicking the crap out of a football makes a better job of naturalizing female force and skills than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi will never do. These are real bodies (except Keira Knightley) whose work is not to look great first and kick later. They work that beauty body is in their movements and self-resilience. And, in my book, Parminder Nagra lead actress is one of the most gorgeous ever captured animals on the screen ?? It's not just because it can put claims and adjectives hacked, "glowing", but because its performance has an honesty and un-bookish intelligence that is utterly compelling. The result is a woman film can enjoy without feeling like they are doing a park with the devil to do so. Similar to Chadha's "Bride and Prejudice," relations between women sizzle and a chemistry that can not be neatly slotted in stodgy, Sweet Valley High category of "best friends" or "sisters." Perhaps Chadha is even right in his commentary to distort the film's flirtation and lesbianism. "Bend Like Beckham" has a power that can not reduce the love triangle hetero / homosexual love conventionally structured script would suggest. The exact nature of its fun is, finally, a bit of a mystery ?? and is all the more seductive for her. <br /> Oh yes, and I mentioned that it's hilarious?
