The worst thing about this film is that only 8 people care to leave a review of it and NO-ONE felt it worthwhile to leave a comment on the message boards. <br /> Made the same year as Philadelphia ... The Tom Hanks Oscar-winner ... this is the movie that people really should have seen and give the awards. There are more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty of these two people than just about any other gay movie I've seen ... and it's all true. <br /> In order for this to be printed I need to leave some more lines to text: its sufficiency says that anyone who really wants to know what it was like to be gay in the 60's and 70's, and understand just what AIDS was like before the modern drug "cocktail" allowed people to breathe slightly easier ... this is the movie to see. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I will add a personal comment on AIDS. Despite everything, there is actually a lining agent throughout the horror. When AIDS arrived first, it was called "gay cancer," and the governments preferred to "let them die" rather than spend a hundred cents on research to help save a bunch of blankets. Then it became clear that AIDS could also be a heterosexual disease. But the government was not prepared; So, when the right people began to get sick, the only organizations and associations that were available were those that were set by gays themselves (eg: Projects Name: Jingle memorializing all those who died in AIDS , Act Up etc.) The result is that people who probably would never have come into contact with gays in ordinary lives suddenly found themselves counting on them and who needed them, because no other organization existed. This close contact, in my estimation, is ultimately breaking the barriers of prejudice and allowing the world to finally accept gays as equal. When AIDS first came to the scene, many of us thought the world was right to use it as a way to get worse on us ... and that would probably be true if straights did not suddenly get sick; However, the gains made in gay liberation - to the point that, as I write, there are at least 5 countries in the world who accept gay marriage - these gains would probably have taken a lot longer without AIDS to bring us together. It is sad to think that all of these people - straight and gay - have died before our common humanity has become more obvious - but if what I write here is true, and I think it is - There is a bit of comfort to be taken to realize that all of these people did not die in vain.
