"Dragonlord" sees Chan back in his role in "dragons" from the "Young Master". Not much was carried out in the first movie though. "Tiger", his older brother, is nowhere to be seen; nor is Marshall's, his daughter or son played superbly by Yuen Biao in the original movie. Dragon has the same master though - presumably all other students have moved on to other things. (The Dragon Parody of training is describe heavily in this movie, so maybe it's still studying!) <br /> <br /> Originally titled "Young Master of Love", this movie sees dragons (for the first Sixty minutes at least) a village girl of various idiotic and slapstick style. His rival for his affection is his friend (maliciously called "cowboy") played funny by the long-standing members of the Membership Membership Member. We see the different scenes of rapidly planning their plans. It is one of the scenes that we (fortunately) find the "dragon" on top of it. <br /> <br /> This movie is notorious in that it fails to expect at the box office. That said, I'm sure the expectations were very high, and I feel that this movie has never had a fair trial based on its own base. But even when I try to do that, I still feel that there is a problem with the movie. It looks quite unfocused, sometimes running, and I think that the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as Chan's work in that period. <br /> <br /> The thing that really saves the movie is the ending sequence. As in the "Young Master", there is a fantastic final coil that it fills in extremely tedious action - you really feel each blow. And again, Chan climbs against the same rival from the "Young Master" (is he the character?), And the distribution and energy here is brilliant. Style Chan in using every last bit of his settings to help defeat his opponent - not only relying on more physical fitness - is as apparent here as anywhere else. The Tabernacle to fight in is full of clever little gags and improvisation. This is an absolute highlight of the movie and one of the incredible Chan's career. <br /> It is not necessary to see the prequel before seeing "Dragonlord", in fact, it might even raise more questions than it is expected to answer. But it must be said that the original film is the superior film, and "Dragonlord", and its focus on girls-chase and sports outfits seem baffled. Luckily, the few fighting scenes he offers (plus a fantastic shuttle-cock scene) push him on the line as a must-see movie in this genre.
