This movie must be seen in the right frame. First, the central father's relationship with the son made it very clear that the film was intended as a prequel movie Wong movie movie "Drunken Meets" (ideas from this movie film "Master Drunken II"), and not "Young Master"; that Chan backed off this plan and renamed the characters indicated that he himself did not convince the material was coming together well, and indeed, the movie translated a sense of being; for example , the romantic relationship around which half the plot scheme that left Swing ever hanging at the end of the movie "Young Master", from the same period, also feels inside, but at least all its central wires are tied together at the end This film feels as if Chan fights with the plot and characters trying to find its central theme, only for abandoning the effort, possibly due to time and budget. <br /> Or maybe the movie is simply on-ambitious. is an important movie turning film in Chan's career, because he committed himself to developing nt of central character above all other Neketid - which is why there's such a shortage of kung fu throughout the movie. Chan wants to make a romantic historical comedy that just happens to have kung fu in it. But both the historical element and the romantic element come in every bit more than drawn traces. <br /> <br /> Who left us with the comedy. Since Chan's concern is character-development, the comedy is largely driving - as in the conflict between character Chan and his best friend, an argument about a girl. But there is plenty of slapstick as well. Frankly, I find the comedy funny enough to forgive incomplete the scheme. <br /> <br /> This movie represents an effort on the part of the Chan to find a solid formula that it can use and develop on time. He does not work well, and Chan would only find that formula after abandoning historic elements of his earlier film, and performing in the current actress "Police History". But came back to this movie still very informative as how Chan worked his way into the genre, and perhaps why he abandoned it.
