Although Louis B. Mayer reports that they were not interested in signing the young Greta Garbo in a deal, this first American and MGM movie for the actress looked pretty nice. It is obvious that the film has been assigned some amazing talent in the film production and painting ma, as it has all the beautiful polish and artfulness you would expect from the best pictures the studio can produce. It simply looks nice - even 84 years later. <br /> As for Garbo herself, as her other American American movie, too, looks different. While it is well-known, her makeup is smoother than it would become just a year later - give her a less serious look and a kindness about it you just did not see in the subsequent films. I kind of want to keep this look, but consider how famous it would come with the trademark look, who I say should not go that way? The film is about Garbo and how it and her family are unjustly forced into their land by the owner. While the owner, Bernard Bernarda's many standards, claims that the bank has demanded payment, because it was his son for Garbo - and what better way to get rid of it than forced them out of the streets ! Nice dam, huh? Last year and not now Garbo became a new sensation of world-famous songs. When he returned to his village long later, his old boyfriend (who had promised to marry her, but you had gotten out when her mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to allow her) to see her. His new love for another lady is now tested - will this content be married to this lady who is the heir to a great pig fortune or does he want his old flame? And, most importantly, will Garbo even take him back after he behaves so similarly? In the meantime, a heavy rain struck. The land begins flooding with houses soon to be washed away by the Flood. Cortez and a friend make an angry outlet as the dam damaged! In a scene where they obviously superimpose his range boat on the waterfall stream, he eventually makes it out alive and at home where Garbo is now staying. He received them inside and stayed with him until the storm came. Then he admitted that he still loved him and was brave the storm to ensure he was safe. He told her to get lost! And you see Ricardo about to marry his second choice, King's daughter of pig. It obviously has little enthusiasm for this - and you feel sorry for the lady, as she did nothing wrong. Soon, Cortez is seeing losing home back to the Garbo - she likes-sick and needs it. In this scene, Garbo is quite glowing and can not say it left - as they melt into each other's arms. Again, he told her in his love for her. When Doña Bernarda learns this, she is not happy. Obviously, a pig Queen is a much better catch than an internationally known singer. Because of the old lady's old melee, Garbo leaves - want to come between the mother and her wimpy son. But Cortez comes running - announcing he must have it and will not rest until he has it as his wife. As soon as this proclamation, a friend friend spoke to Cortez and convinced him to give up for the good of his career and reputation. So much for "will not rest until he has it for his wife," huh?! Although Cortez being a vlimp in and through, for some reason he can not bring himself to hate her. So she married the pig queen and lives a very dull life. When years later Garbo meets Cortez again, he is a matching adult man aged - while it is as beautiful as ever. And, no wonder, he said, once more, they get lost. At this time this film was made, Garbo was not a star in the US and Cortez was. So, in light of this, it's surprising to have given Cortez such an unbalanced character to play. Instead of trustworthy Valentino-like roles would have been to him, here it is an undesirable vignette - a great wimp. And from here, his career was on a slow downward spiral. As for Garbo, the role helped to establish it as a great star - as it was concentrated in the movie and played a lot of characters as later as his personas. As for the movie, the new music composed for it was very nice, though a repetitive tad. The printer, weird, was almost perfect at all except for the inter-titled card - that could use some restoration. A most enjoyable movie - expertly constructed, wistful and worth seeing. And, for one of the few times I can think of it, I have no real complaints in this excellent film.
