The movie torrent was a first and one last for Greta Garbo. He was the first American to be the MGM film, the only studio in the USA that he would ever work in. It was also the last time someone else was billed over his credit, being his leader Ricardo Cortez. Torrent is based on the work of Vicente Blasco Ibanez popular Espaniar Naranjos screen. She worries a pair of movement lovers, Garbo and Cortez, who can not properly get together, mostly due to the machinations of the mother Martha Mattox Cortez. <br /> Mattox is a cruel woman with some idea idea about which son she should marry. Remember this is Spain and weddings so the rows were always the same in those times quite appropriate. Mattox has Gertrude Olmstead in mind as a daughter-in-law, he is the son of Mack Swain a man rich in raising pigs. Swain gives a moment of humorous relief and his tender concern for the piglets before growing up in old pigs to be clogged. <br /> <br /> Blasco Ibanez had four previous Horseman novels in the Apocalypse with blood and sand already filmed with Rudolph Valentino in the lead. It might have been interesting if Valentino did this one with Garbo, but it might have been beyond the movie to do then. At any event, one of Valentin's wishes Ricardo Cortez is filled with male lead. <br /> <br /> One reason Valentino could not have wanted this movie is because clearly the lead character is the Garbo unlike the two other already mentioned works. When it comes to dirt by Cortez doing Mattox and his 'adviser' bank, Tully Marshall tells him and leaves Spain and goes to France where he becomes a great star of opera. And lead the life scandalous life. <br /> When she returns to Spain and tries to recover things, Mattox is even more outraged. She has a political career in mind for her son. Cortez is now running for Spanish Parliament who are curiously enough to call the coast. <br /> <br /> The title refers to a flood and a damaged damsel that causes all kinds of landslides in the country. Cortez in fact the brave Torrent in a row pirate trying to rescue Garbo from the wrong way. When they get together they have a brutal discussion, the brutality from Garbo. Special effects here, primitive though they look like now are quite remarkable for their time. They look very similar to the vaccines used in the 20th century. The Fox arrived in the rain from 1939 and was an Oscar for Special Experts. Unfortunately for Torrent it came out a year before Oscar made his debut. <br /> I'm not going to give any farther away so you'll have to view the movie to find out if Cortez and Garbo get together at the end. Garbo deftly had reviews reviewed for his performance and at a time when exaggerated gestures were the norm of the silent acting act, it was remarkably subtle in his role. So it would be the rest of her career, she had a remarkable figure for closeups. Although Greta Garbo would go to do far better work than Torrent, this film is still a first fitting for her on the American big screen and keeping up very well for today's audience.
