The MGMs were sure of how to walk Garbo when it first came to Hollywood. Mayer had a lot of faith in him and his appearance in "Torrent" justified. He did not speak English to find it difficult to work, Ricardo Cortez did not make it very easy for him. The torrent of the title is Juscar in the river which winds into a small village in Spain. Leonora (Greta Garbo) expects one day that his voice will bring great wealth and happiness to parents fighting. Leonora and Don Rafael (Ricardo Cortez) are in love but it is under her great mother, she can not find her consent in her marriage. Meanwhile Dona Brull (Matt Mattox) evicted Leonardo parents from their home and sent Leonora to Paris to expect to give him a chance to further his singing career. Leonora sends a Rafael note, asking him to remember his promises and coming with him. Her mother was angry and forbidden her to go - so of course she caves in her request. <br /> <br /> Last year. Leonora has a new identity - she became La Brunna, the roast of the Paris Opera. Rafael turned out to be the same as her mother wanted - she was running to the office and is guarding a "safe" girl, Remedios (Gertrude Olmstead) who is a hog heiress. Mack Swain plays her dad. Leonora decided to go to his old home and agreed - why did not he help his mother out. Her mother still lives in the family home, working as a skivvy and taking in washing. Leonora and Rafael meet but Leonora is all ridiculous. Garbo is so enchantingly beautiful, it's hard to believe he might be happy with Remedios. The dam is bursting with the torrent is the city flood. Leonora's home is in the path of the raging river, but when Rafael tries to save it he finds it quite safe. They then re-lit their romance. There is a "horizontal" love scene in this film, very similar to the one in the "Flesh and Devil". Dona Brull goes about how Leonora really got her wealth and Leonora's mom believed her and told Leonora to go. Rafael meets Leonora just before she is on America's trip. Again, he intends to go with him but again he lets it down. He spends a lot of time listening to others destroying his reputation - "what he will do for you but drag you down". The ironie is he just guaranteed a government job for him if he comes with it. They meet again, years later - it is as fresh and vibrant as ever - it looks like there are over his years, bent down by mediocre .. It is certainly a good movie with a positive message to follow your heart. <br /> <br /> Lucien Littlefield does a great job as Cupido, the old friend and faithful Leonora and faithful. <br /> <br /> Very recommended.
