Recap: Zandalee is a young woman who feels more and more trapped in her marriage with Thierry. Thierry himself struggles with the death of his father the previous year and has lost his way. He submerged himself to work, put in his writings, and Zandalee desperately miss the attraction between them. At this entrance to Johnny, with old friends of Thierry who were once artists in exile together. But Johnny was caught on painting, and just got a day work for the rent. It takes the day as it comes and leaves its destiny tomorrow. Have an immediate raw attention between Zandalee and Johnny, and they come into an affair. But Zandalee fights her lust to be with her conscience and love for her husband. But none of them, not Zandalee, by Johnny and not Thierry can stop the relationships between them totally out of control. <br /> <br /> Comments: It is set as a thriller. But perhaps more a thrill of heart than a normal thriller where it's about life and death, and threats of violence. Not that a thrill of heart can not take on fatal proportions, but the threat comes from a different angle. And it's not really until the second half of Zandalee until the thriller appears, and even though the foundation for the first half, I can not really describe the genre as a thriller then. Much more in a romantic drama than anything else, but with the hidden currents in other ways. The thrust is developed, but it also has more than a bit tinted in a sensual erotic type. Because this is what it is all about, which leads the characters and therefore the whole story. Dezi. The need to have, and the need to be. <br /> In my opinion it is quite good, definitely a lot better than its current (4.1) rating anyway. It takes its time but it grows a good mood in suspense, and it manages parts of eroticism very well, with taste. It is still an integral part of the story, necessary to be there to give the story it needs weight, and I never felt it was an excuse to show a nude breasts or something like that. But, unfortunately, the greater the story comes well before the end, and at the end itself feels kind of dish, though of its own kind of dramatic. <br /> <br /> The cast is impressive, led by actors known as Nicholas Cage and Judge Reinhold. But the show is almost completely stolen by Erika Anderson. Beautiful and very skillful to act out subtle sensations of desires, and the excellences were both cages and Reinhold sometimes go overboard and become a bit rough. His career afterwards is too thin for his talent show in Zandalee, I can only hope it is because of its own choices. Also from personal favorites appears in the small role that gives some extra corners of the movie, it is Steve Buscemi and Joe Pantoliano. <br /> <br /> When you're in the right attitude this is a very good movie, she could have used another end to finding the credit she really deserves. <br /> 7/10
