Bonanza has a great cast of wonderful actors. Lorne Greene, Pernell Whitaker, Michael Landon, Dan Blocker, and even Guy Williams (as the cousin who brought in for several episodes during 1964 replaced Adam when he left the series). The cast was chemistry, and they seemed to really love each other. This has made many of the weaker stories work much better than they should have. He also did many of the best stories in the big Western drama. Like any show shot in thirty episodes each season, there are tied to some of the weak. However, most of the time each episode had an interesting story, some kind of conflict, and a resolution that usually did not include violence. While Bonanza was a west, gunfighting has never been featured as the main attraction. While I'm a fan of the Rifleman and Wanted: dead or alive; People usually show off with a gunfight. Gunfights were how many westerns resolved every conflict, and Bonanza was very different in trying to find peace and harmony resolution instead of killing. <br /> <br /> In the early years of Bonanza, there are some exciting episodes that feature a lot of gunfights. Those episodes stand in contrast to the rest of the series, but they are very good at and in themselves. In 1964, when Pernell Whitaker wanted to leave the show, Guy Williams brought in his replacement. Williams played the role of a long-lost cousin. Unfortunately, Whitaker decided to stay another year, and so Williams wrote out of the series when he moved to Adam's old girlfriend. If Williams stayed for Bonanza last, one can only wonder how best the series would have been in the years after 1965, when Pernell Whitaker left the show. Undoubtedly, once Pernell Whitaker leaves the series, stories focus more on comedy and country hijinks. Whitaker has often been playing heavy in many episodes, and her absence leaves a cancellation of the cast. Little Joe always wanted to play the cute kid, and Hoss always wants to play the good old boy with a gold heart. Since Ben was the patriarch of quality and wisdom in the family, he did not leave room too much for any cannon. <br /> At some point, they hired a hip call called Candy (David Canary) who became the fourth member of the cast, but Candy had never been featured in any gunfights, and was hardly more than a version greatest of Little Joe. For a year or two, Ben was also caught in some other cousins ​​(Jamie, played by Mitch Vogel's forgettable) who was a teenager who was usually getting some sort of problem with someone. When the teenager was added, the studio was attracted to the youngest viewers. He also gives the writers a chance to write episodes on youth issues, alcohol, delinquency, etc. Those types of preachy episodes were popular in the 1960s as a reaction to the media media in the counter-culture movement. Dragnet was probably the most popular source of law and television order, though Hawaii 5-0, F.B.I. and many other shows also tried to jump on the move by showing television to teenagers irresponsible to cause harm, destruction, and crime. <br /> <br /> The addition of a teenager cast in gave the Cartwrights more likely to show up and solve problems, but these episodes feel very understandable and not very good overall. After Dan Blocker dies, the series limped together for another year or so before it was canceled. The last season was very bad, as she appeared to Little Joe following the killers of his wife, and most of the episodes were somewhat depressing because Little Joe was usually drinking or otherwise remembering how much he loved his wife as unjust he was dead. <br /> I do not think I've ever seen the last episode in the series, and I ask them if they are officially wrapped in some way. In the last year there was only Ben (Lorne Greene) actually living on the Ponderosa, as Adam moved away (and never returned once a guest) and Hoss died and Little Joe left after his wife ( in series) was killed in drifters. <br /> <br /> In general, the era from 1959-1965 is the best of this series. Once Adam left, he quietly refused. Most of the shows before the 1970s are very good too. By 1970, the series tried hard to be hip and topical, and lost a lot of its western taste. In addition to candy and the young kid also diluted the overall quality of the show, and the death of Hoss (Dan Blocker) was the final nail. Bonanza is probably the best western series ever made, and in the 465 episodes that have been produced, at least one hundred of them are excellent Western drama! This is a very good record. Even the worst of Bonanza is better than a lot of other TV shows.
