I grew up in this classic Western series, and as a child still consider it a treat that allowed them to stay late at Sunday evening to watch it. Bonanza is still infinitely looking at running. <br /> <br /> The Story Adventure story of the Cartwright family, which lives on a hip near Virginia City, Nevada around the Civil War era. The hikes (called the Ponderosa) run and defend by the widow, Ben, and his three sons, Adam, Hoss, and Little Joe. These three brothers have different mothers, all those who passed away earlier years. Cartwrights are a hard work, prosperous, and honorable family, highly respected in these parts. The Ponderosa is so great that its endurance requires a lot of horseback riding. Also, trips are often needed in order to buy or sell cows and so forth. Needless to say, some of these trips go unheardly. Although welcoming, many of the Cartwrights's energy have to defend their hips from interloper, or to protect themselves from towns and villages that are jealous of their prosperity and stellar reputation. The cartrights do a bit nice to shoot the guns up in the air with these, but only shoot them to kill when judging absolutely necessary. They are involved in various cities, even the political life of the Nevada territory. One of the main assets of the series is the hidden heat that is still present (despite occasional disagreement) between Ben and his three sons, and (although often disagreement) between the three brothers. Now, one brother can beat another each now and then, but generally there is a good reason for it at the moment and his anger never lasted! Characters are all very well drawn. Ben is described as a successful and noble man of great integrity. The eldest son, Adam, most rational and suave of the brothers, left Midway in the series. In the middle, Hoss is a gentle giant of a teddy bear, which has an insatiable appetite for food and is a little shy around the ladies. The youngest, Little Joe, is a warm headed, charming charm that, by contrast, has a way to women. This trio of the brothers enjoys various romance but love interests, they typically kill at the end of the episode or other marriage proving impossible, for whatever reason. The actors are all staged in their roles, including Pernell Roberts (Adam), Dann Blocker (Hoss), Michael Landon (Little Joe), and of course Lorne Greene as family patriarch Ben, I also love the hips cook, Hop Sing, played by Victor Yung Yung. <br /> <br /> This is a wonderful action packed west with great value. Cartwrights are still the noble heroes and most of the bad guys mischief. If only there were more programs like this old west on TV these days!
