"Cinderella" is one of the most favorite of all Disney classic. And it really deserves its status. Based on the classic fairy tale as told by Charles Perrault, the movie follows the trials and tribulations of Cinderella, a charming girl who is oppressed by her evil adult and equally inaccessible stepisters. When a ball is born and all eligible women are invited (read: the king wants to get the Prince married), Cinderella lives in the house while his wife takes her terrible daughter with her. But there is a fairy tale by hand ... <br /> The story of "Cinderella" on its own would not be able to wound out a characteristic, so also generally remains true of the otherwise tale, occasional characters of animals The Fairy Tied used to help get the character to title the ball to become the true Cinderella sidekick. Mouse Jaq and Gus are the main sidekicks, and their own nemesis was the Lucifer cat. The antiques are generally surrounded with the main fairy tale, and they are for the most wonderful part. Admittedly, the film slows a bit between the main introduction of the characters and shortly before the stepisters go for the ball, but after this slowdown, the movie really gets going again and amazing (since "Cinderella" is the pure story torn down at all times, probably) finished as one of the most involved Disney stories. <br /> <br /> The animation and art direction is beautiful. All of the nine Men's Legends are animated on this picture, with Blair's color styling and art concept (it also has art concept and color styling for "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan", "The Three Caballeros" and many others) manage to wager their way onto the screen. The colors and designs are beautiful, especially in the beautiful Fairy fairy and ball scene, as well as in these beautiful little moments here and there .. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Cinderella" ranks as one of The best Disney fever and coming recommend the young and all that defines Disney's philosophy that dreams really can be fulfilled.
