Walt Disney & his 9 old man set their own 1950s turn on the classic fairy tale of Cinderella, which I guess you might say helps form an official "Fairy Princess Trilogy" from Disney's classic years. MORE: Cinderella is a beautiful girl who can not catch a break. She is the daughter of a beautiful, rich widow who loved her dear, but her mother passed away when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's dad felt she needed a mother figure, so she eventually married the woman who would can be known as Lady Tremaine, herself a widow and two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first they all seemed to get together, but then Cinderella's father died, and the true nature of the Lady Tremaine was revealed - it was a cold, cruel, innocent, tender, mean spirited woman, and he than the features of his daughter, who were spoiled, bratty, and equally meant. Anastasia & Drizella hate Cinderella because they know well that she's best looking with a overall chess, more attractive lady over her head (so more appealing to men), and Moms, Lady Tremaine, hate Cindy for the beautiful many same reasons. As the years passed, Lady Tremaine started family fortune in a stubborn, but unnecessary improvement / refinement, unattractive daughter (called "family" would be a reproach to homely people) during That all Cinderella's relegated to the multi-tasking servant, abused her, mistreated her and outraged her every chance to get (especially the fan of increasing the number of her work already absurd). This brings us to Cinderella in the present, where she blossomed into a beautiful young lady who somehow managed to stay true and beautiful despite her abusive family and she hoped that one day the tables would be turned into his favor. <br /> Cinderella gets injected in freedom & happiness when a royal ball is held featuring the local prince of a young jennifer who qualifies so that she can take it as a wife, settle down, start a family, etc. Of course, The family step is trying to keep him from going, even going so far for her physically assaulting and ripping up the dress he has been procured for himself (with a little help from his friend mouse - the dress that belonged to biological mothers li). Finally pushing beyond his breaking point, Cinderella ran out of the yard and wept in despair. It is at this point that tied her fairy, a short, greasy, jolly woman, came and gave Cinderella and transported with a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a very good impression of the ball if she was in The scene looks like he just got gang raped.) Cindy came to the ball, the Prince fell hard for her, but that mid minute rule came by the way, forcing her to run but leaving behind a glass shoe. Make a long story short - after a long looking looking quest to find the mystery girl through trying on the glass slipper, Cinderella is found with him and the bride chief, giving him the happy ending he deserves. In general, a fun Disney classic. Not without its flaws, the most blatant of which is that the Prince is little more than a MacGuffin help push the plot together - it has so much screen time and even less dialogue, so we never get to know it, very well or get a good look at her relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate since, according to the documentary, the Prince was originally meant to play a major role), and a few additional scenes helped to get meat out Cinderella herself might be It was useful (there was a song that showed her fantasizing in turning into a maid of housewives in the home as well as listening to his step-family step ball to show her entertainment in the envy, which was cut because Walt Jigsaw he thought he had made it look despite). Still, Cinderella herself is a likable heroine enough, though she is upstaged by her mouse friend, and has a sweet movie that gets harder to find those days. Of course, if this was done right now, Cinderella would probably put more in a struggle against her family during the scene carriages dress and she would probably free herself at the climax (either by picking close to herself or doing a Injectable jumps are still interesting down from its windows), but this is around the point. <br /> Let everyone who says Cinderella lie a bad example for young girls, well, consider this - at least Cinderella did not get publicly drinking and indecently exposed, unlike some modern "princesses" (you know whom I mean).
