Out of all the Disney Princess stories were put out, Cinderella probably has the most enduring appeal. I can not really say why, but for some reason, generation after generation jumps to the top of the lists. As a girl, I wanted nothing more than to be Cinderella and slipping her glass - she was my absolute favorite costume. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I do not think there is a story that more realizes the desires of the human heart than Cinderella. Who never wanted to run away from the drudgeries in everyday life and find someone who sees you as no one else has ever been? The story is greater than the English language and somehow it is still true. <br /> As for the characters, if nothing else, Disney can do a wonderful villain. Lady Tremaine is wrong in the T, in a nice calculation, by way of physical open. The tongue cuts off her eyes to do the job for her - she does not need to stick to exploring striking fear in your heart. Friends of animals tend to grate, especially that gus idoic. I would gladly have he met his fate in Lucifer's jaw. Cinderella herself did not push - to make some catty justice at times. However, it just lacks the drive to make it entirely sympathetic. Sure, it was beautiful and animal feed, but what kept him in that place? We never know. Even though she has only become a maid of another home, at least she gets paid and has a shot in respect. It seems reasonable only thing from the end to Cindy is that sort of thing to fall into place in his leg. He never works for his dreams that he sings so lovingly. That brings me to the music, which is beautiful, as ever. Ilen Woods has a nice, rich voice, probably my favorite of any Disney heroine. There are some great standards from here- A dream is a heartbeat you do, so this is love, Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo ... Cinderella is a wonderful heartfelt story with a tone of music music. While lacking in some character development, it provides some classic bandits and excellent voice work. If you feel sick at heart, pop it in- it will warm you up and make you hum Mmm Mmm good! Leave in the movie: <br /> -Surprise! Surprise! -Do duh-Happy Birthday!
