As a young boy, I still sort of hatred "Cinderella," since I was outvoted by my two sisters when my parents considered what Disney movie to buy. I wanted to "dump," but my sisters got out, and we got "Cinderella." They enjoy the movie while I'm sulked at the back of the playing room with my Star Wars figure. <br /> A lot has changed since then. My love in the Disney theme parks has landed me an internship at Walt Disney World, and I now have two teens. I love to show Disney as much as I can, and we just look at "Cinderella" together. With my newfound appreciation for all that Disney, I looked at "Cinderella" with a new and impressive perspective and what I saw. Since the beginning of the movie, though, I did not quite understand why Cinderella was trapped in such a terrible horror. Why was he like a slave he was familiar, and why could not she just run away? I was not too sympathetic to Cinderella, but as the story progresses, I find myself immersed in the story. Perhaps the eye-catching animation or fun-love characters drew me to, or maybe it was the timeless songs. Listening songs like "Bibbidy-Bobbidy-Boo" and "A dream is a heartwarming desire" to sort of whisked me back in the theme parks. I can picture myself in that atmosphere and pleasure while watching the Cinderella Castle's awe-inspiring. <br /> <br /> Something about this movie just reminds the magic of Disney. This can make many scoff, but go to the magical kingdom and see all the little girls dressed as Cinderella who are excited to be in this fantasy world and you will know what I'm talking about. The images of Cinderella and slipper in glass - as well as Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, and Tinkerbell - incorporate why Disney is one of the most beloved companies in the whole world. <br /> While "Cinderella" may not be the strongest story, it is sort of iconic in Disney's history and movie. It represents the fun, idealism, and fantasy-like fun we did when we were kids. I imagine this movie holds a lot of many meanings, many people out there. It can not be my favorite Disney movie, but it represents everything I love and admire about the Company. <br /> My IMDb Rating: 10/10. My Yahoo Grade: An (Outstanding)
