People criticizing Disney's animated features in the 1950s to be overly glossy, wearing too much primitive landscapes. This criticism is fair. But it can not be the whole story, because the least brilliant - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, put in a world in which much of the earth sparkles, is clearly the best. <br /> It does look good. Schedule is subtle and consistent; The colors are pure without too bright. The animation varies somewhat. I will swear that some of them are rotoscoped - but then the rotoscoped people (including Cinderella himself) are not full blood characters in the script, so this approach works well enough. It's really the animals that make the movie. I think the studio has never quite used animals in that way before, as totem rather than sidekicks. Mouse, for example, are the animals that draw us into the story; but they are really representatives or allies of Cinderella in color far more. The Cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch familiar to the Wicked Adult. (The brilliant cat is conceived and animated - one of the best feline creatures of all time. The supervisor was Ward Kimball and he modeled on his own cat. I wonder how he puts it with the animal.) Approach This allows the animals to steal the show without drawing our attention to the main story. Actions are of maximum interest only in the light of the main story. <br /> <br /> Amongst the cast to support the remarkable people are the king and the grand Duke. The King is a character score one - he wants seed and appears no other desire at all - but the note is hit in a fun fashion. Grand Duke is a wear-on character that deserves to be raised out of sphere as much as Cinderella does. (Although it, of course, is the richest.) "Cinderella" is Disney's return to feature after an eight-year hiatus, and neither with it, nor any subsequent films it would recapture in the early morning cry year. In addition to doing things difficult for himself by picking "Cinderella". It's a passive heroine and there's not much anyone can do about it. (Maybe I'm wrong in this note - I have not seen the latest "all the time.") However, it is remarkable how successful Disney was in bringing this unpromising history into life, without cutting through the smart tablet read them.
