The legendary film producer Walt Disney has brought three of the world's largest counter accounts on the screen. They live among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his classic inaugural "Snow White and Nine Seven" released in 1937. The last was then below to appreciate "Sleeping Beauty" which made it the first in 1959. In between these were perhaps the adaptations most satisfied in a classic Fairy Tale: "Cinderella" (1950). In the three films, "Cinderella" is one of the most faithful to its origins. Ironically, unlike "white snow", which for better or worse, has become for the final version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a hit and, like "Snow White", was responsible for restoring the Disney fortune, he never realized the same audience recognition that he certainly deserves. Disney, for once, made himself proud, chooses not to be unfortunate with a classic, rather elaborate and adds substance to the story, rather than rewriting it for the screen. The result was breathtaking. <br /> A combination of superb animation (in very nice Technicolor) and the perfect voice talents have brought the story of life with a shining that supports that day. Ilene Woods, who was a radio scene, recorded discs in the songs as a favor of the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David, and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And indeed he had. The sincere heart of Woods's "dream is a heartbeat", "So this is love" and "Oh Nightingale songs" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who would go to Maleficent's voice to "Sleep Beauty", masterfully captured the ice cream in the stepmother, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly embarrassing. Luis Van Rooten admirable to perform both the King and the Grand Duke, and James Macdonald was astonishing as both Jaq and Gus, the Cinderella devote their mice. William Phipps has little dialogue as the prince (future talk show Mike Douglas hosts his singing voice), but film (and Disney) veterans, Verna Felton has played the Fairy Queen, and has made the best number, (Oscar nomination "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo") has its own show-cap. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "look" of the movie, Mary Blair, which has inspired the use of colors has greatly admired by Disney. Her elegant French-style equipment adds much to the quality of the movie. But the most important of all 'are the credible characters - from Cinderella, right down to Lucifer, the delightful cat of delicious evil. They bring both life and vibrantness to the story often said, something very difficult to create in an animated movie. <br /> In conjunction with the 55th anniversary film, (and, not so, the coming season) "Cinderella" has just been released on a special edition DVD. It simply does not look better. The film completely restored to be seen to be appreciated - it suffices it to say, it looks wonderful. A stereo band reinforced is added and serves music well. DVD costs, now a standard part of Disney Platinum Editions, are too many listed here, but as usual, some are directed towards kids, some are slanted adults, and the rest falls somewhere in between . But real fans will want to get the deluxe gift series, because, with a true cell from the movie with eight character drawings, it includes a 160-page Hardback book, which not only incorporates most of the material found in the book and 1995 special release video home editions, but more as well. As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So, if like me, you're a lover "Cinderella", get it now! This edition is truly a "dream come true."
