And here again another piece of evidence claiming that we should all worship Italian giallo and recognize it to be the absolute most unique genre of the horror sub. Emilio Miraglia of the "Queen Queen kills seven times" is a totally fascinating pleasure in the original plot, the value of stylish production, enchanting music, great acting acting and sequel ensemble content gory. It's a fabulous jealous (released in the year 1972 gold) which is part of the top five-of every fan of Italian cinema. The scenario not only introduces your average black-gloved & frustrated sexual assassins, but mixes well old-fashioned motifs with the Myth of the "Red Queen" murder. At young age, grandfathers say the brothers and sisters fighting Kitty and Evelyn on an uncanny lady who, once every 100 years old on April 6, killed seven of his sisters is the inevitable victim of the last. Fourteen years later, Kitty became successful choreographer in an important model agency (even sharing her bed with the general manager) when suddenly the spree killed. Sister Evelyn would be the obvious culprit, but she moved to the United States lately ... Or is she? Complex yet compelling and involving red herring is thrown at you every couple of minutes and the Red Queen character is definitely the most fascinating killer of geo-story. His face can never be seen, but he wears a red blood clot and produces the most horrible laugh every time he has made a new victim. It's not quite gentle either, as his victim is barbarically short with a dagger, dragged behind cars and even stacked on fences! The last one is really one of the greatest (= most rude) acts of violence I have ever seen! What more can you ask for? Some stylish and tasteful strips, maybe? The big actress women had this over cover, among them Barbara Bouchet and a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most important jey-director, as he only made this one and even recommends "The Night Evelyn came out of the tomb," but his influence and importance PAs should not forget.
