I sit in movies like "Tiempo de valientes" and I want to talk about movies for hours. This film admiration has caused me to go beyond my own limitation of explanation, because I watched the scene of the movie and I searched inside my thoughts for movie ideas and dialogues that might emerge from something bigger than idea Damian Szifron a. br /> <br /> Looking at the environment, so compromising, so simple, I think; This man is a genius. No wonder he created this is probably the best TV shows Argentina ever witness, and then a first full movie of elements of some contemporary directors have not always been achieved. "La fondo del mar" is the name, and, it's awakened (a few years ago), my enthusiasm for our daily movies. Starting her journey to real-life real people, Szifron goes where Pablo Trapero could never be in "El Bonaerense"; Federal Police Department. The Trapper's movie was a journey to someone's head and experience, not in the places he saw. Yes, there was a detailed training and much of crime situations, but Szifron's "in the", it is more of a detective story, like those we know with love, and the mysteries and the thrilling music. <br /> <But there is a lot of humanity in writing it, and it shows us his investigation in the eyes of his main character, Alfredo Díaz and Mariano Silverstein. There are a lot of actors in large caliber of the movie, but these two actors are the ones that the movie can not do without. The first character (Luis Luque) is a detective who just got out cheating his wife on it; and must work on a case. <br /> <br /> The second is a psychiatrist who assigns the treatment to the detective. He wants to deal with it in regular session but the sheriff takes advantage of the time and suggests that he met Díaz in his routine: "It's nothing, the usual thing; there's no problem." But it's bigger than that, and it will unfold a part of the physician's personality he did not know. <br /> <br /> Relationship between behaviors can not be explained unless observed, because it is considered to be a complexity of how talents are some people like Szifron who are trying today, leaving a signature of our story. Pointing to incredible spontaneity, during a high pressure situation, Díaz tells Silverstein: "How do we continue our treatment?" And Silverstein replied: "No, I'm not your doctor. You call me to have dinner; your friend" : We laugh because we can not help it. <br /> And then we can not help laughing when Díaz crashes a car in the street and does not give it importance, or when it has misleaded the red light on the street, or when it smokes the skin of its police patrol and Silverstein can not believe it (but then smokes it too because it has screwed up); or when Silverstein tries to be friendly with friends Díaz's friends. Magic from Diego Peretti is what we get there. He, a psychiatrist himself, provided a performance in the "Locus de amor" plan, but impressed with his entire series. Luis Luque in the other hand is back on track with a self-tooth-painted port that reminds us of the great actor he is. <br /> There is a passion I have for this, and as I said, I could write about it for hours, but unfortunately that's not the way it works and I must do precise and summarize. Although I have to watch a lot of old movies and study them, I could assure that "Tiempo de valientes" is Argentine in comedy being waiting for and never got to this day.
