There are many performers today who can keep me captivated throughout a movie just by their presence. One of these is Judy Davis, who has built a successful career out of creating the headstrong character of mood but highly vulnerable to heart. It takes the role that most other performers would treat melodramatic and add an emotional, emotional emotional intensity that pulled attention away from anything else on the screen. <br /> <br /> His skills are well displayed in "high tide," a movie that matches him up a second with director Gillian Armstrong, who gave Davis his first major achievement and "Brilliant Career" me. " In that movie, Davis played a young woman who was determined to do it in the world, despite the association she felt in her community and excitement. In "high tide," however, Davis' character, Lillie, is roughly the opposite: she gave up on any hope for her future when she was young and, after giving birth to a child, ran out in its responsibilities and to take a life without direction or meaning. When she finally met with her daughter later, thought to care for her petrifying child; She knows this is her chance to be challenged for her failure, but how can she be honest with her daughter and always find her respect? Gillian Armstrong's movie usually relates stories about characters that desperately want to communicate with each other, but face obstacles set up by their own personal and dependable habits. "Oscar and Lucinda," for example, were about a man and a woman who desperately needed each other's love, but they were still blindsided by the craving for luck, represented by gambling addictions. Here we bathed in the world of a family tearing apart by the incapacity of the mother to commit to a living life and struggling to redeem herself despite being completely convinced that she too would change for the better. This is not simply a movie that has a great performance at its center, but also a rare success: a completely compelling story of redemption.
