I think Ebert has given Stella four out of four stars, but other than her, I never read a positive review of this drama sadly misunderstood about class division, love, and sacrifice (three-theme pies great romantic stories or films have in common). <br /> Here's the bigger term is division of the class. Stella is a story from the era of America's depression. That said, he translated the screen then into such a memorable mode that noticed this (if you requested a Stanwyck or two fan) did not exactly appreciate. Fans of the original never gave it a chance. In addition, this version of Stella was made in the 1990s, not exactly a time of major financial problems in America (like the depression). Now is the time to remove the rosy colored glasses, in the middle of a new era of recession and poverty in America, and to see that this powerful story is still true, is as timely and relevant as ever, in its updated format. <br /> <br /> Yes, class split is the largest theme here. Stella is among the poor, sole, and dreamy but little hope that they can fulfill these dreams. It works in a bar, there is not much money, live in a wholesale apartment. You get the drift. In the morning, he does not really want to get out of bed. On her wall, photos of her movie star idolized. A man sees his dance in the bar. It's rich, educated, from one of the upper class families who have nothing in common with Stella. Her biggest concern is that ivy league leagues go through, it is how to pay the rent, how to be happy. They have an affair. They love each other. Stella finishes pregnancy. Stella tells the news guy. Answer it? "How about an abortion?" He replied, "I just wanted a room full of balloons." He supplies the balloons, with the proposal, but sees his heart not in it, and has too much pride to accept. He sent him packing. Her daughter is eventually torn between the two lifestyles - the love she has for her mother and the pros and happiness and love that made her out by her wealthy father. Stella, alone and unloved, and does not want her daughters to become as happy as a day, make the ultimate sacrifice. She gives just love and happiness she has ever known to ensure the happiness of her daughter, and perhaps live vicariously, with hope, knowing that at least her daughter found something to live for. , for the movie. Everything is good about it. Beautiful notes, skateboard movies, large design series (contrast between the two lifestyles, the remodeling and the mansions decorated), wonderful and sensual performances not all cast, and Bette Midler, in particular, Oscar-worthy. <br /> This is a movie that is more important and well-done than you've been led to believe.
