While hard-boiling detective stories of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler were equipped in movies like a fox in a chicken coop - indeed create definitely the modern American style and style of the process - those of these might be called Golden Age Fiction did barely any impression too. The problem with books such as those of Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (on whose work this film is based), is given on action or variety - whereas Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe crosses The streets mean LA, working classes, bars, offices, wealthy mansions, and satisfying all kinds of interesting dangers and violence, the Golden Age fiction is generally fixed in places, the scene of the murder, usually a landowner land , and the limited action to investigate suspicions and suspicious interviews. This is a very static procedure, drawing the puzzle reduced. This, of course, is as much ideological as anything else, the Golden Golden stories dealing with a hostile society changing and moving; The hard-boiled novels recorded an urban reality increasingly moving away from a center (both authorities, and in a city), dividing itself up into hostile campaigns, constantly uncontrollable and cruel. Another big problem with Golden age fiction is character - because we can not know the answer to the crime until the end, we can not access motive motivation or emotion, being defined only by potential killing potential. The detective, unresponsive and worried, the eye-prejudiced-dog privately, they simply have to be brilliant, and perhaps a little unique. <br /> <br /> The problem with the movie Golden Age book is to try to be recreation period at Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen school, and end up looking amazing. Was successful, for example radical appointments at Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world, there are really only two. The Alistair Classic Classic, 'Green for Danger', works because it pushes the form almost into imitation, while never betraying the integrity or interest in the mystery. Before that became Michael Curtiz's brilliant 'dog dog kennel'. The narrative is the best Golden. A disgusting character presents a number of suspected potential reasons to kill him. It is hardly murdered in a seemingly endless manner, indicating suicide, slipping into a closed room. The caricatured polymers fall hopelessly for the bait. It is up to Philo Vance, gentleman and detective amateur, neither old nor fat, and the more insightfully clues, opening the case out of the limits of the room, and eventually resolving the case, the body being little over The pretext for intellectual excitement. What's interesting is not detective detective - that can only ever be satisfactory as all the solutions - although it is rarely less fun, and full of funny bits of business. There is even really an attempt to 'subscribe' the image of the perfect detective - there is one alarming scene where a brutal sergeant was threatened on a suspicion, with no protest from Vance, but that's about it. <br /> What's marked 'Kennel' as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is not generally regarded as a great authority, because it has no consistent theme or evidence of artistic development. But he was Hollywood's greatest artisan, and he is on sensational training here. If Golden Golden detective story is only puzzle, Curtiz takes the idea of ​​extreme logic, creates an abstract variation on its source, reduces narrative, character and geometry locations, a series of lines, from beautiful art-deco sets in motion Wonderful camera that suddenly breaks out of a static composition and, as they slip anger at an angle, pulls the decorating dead into life. <br /> <br /> This treatment is appropriate to a story that resolves to deny realism, it is a model that draws the detective into a room of mirrors, such as the two central fees, or the original crime itself borrowed from a book 'Mystery eBooks'. The world of fantasy of the rich energetic who collects Oriental religions (shades of the 'Moonstone'?), Unsuccessful Chinese servant, former counseling turned Butlers, dog-loving mobs, Runyonesque cops, is the perfect habitat for Vance, a man will drop a cruise in Europe over a packed outlet, which knows the social world of these people, and yet is attached by his interest in crime and association with the police, or would be if it was nothing more than a thought machine, William Powell, the largest American comedy of the decade, guts abominate the same humanity. <br /> But if the treatment is rarefied, the climax is spectacularly brutal, involving greedy dogs and trying to kill. The police and the detective, supposed to prevent crime, are guilty of encouraging one.
