There are some films that every horror fan has to himself (or herself) to see, and Emilio Miraglia aka "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" aka. "The Red Queen kills seven times" (1972) is definitely one of them. With tales Gialli and Gothic were two of my favorite sub-horrors in horror, I was looking forward to seeing this movie for quite a while, and even though my expectations were high, this exceeded prince hope my older. The best Giallo Miraglia, "Evelyn overnight came from the tomb" (1971) was already a creepy and very atmospheric film that successfully mixes gallo and gothic films, but it could not possibly compare with this favorite instant personal. "The Red Queen kills seven times" is, but down, one of the most unique and overwhelming films of Italian film ever made, and no lover of the genre can perhaps consider missing it. An extraordinary jealous fascination with Gothic stronghold, the "Red Queen" delivers everything one could hope for in one sub-genre: A coined inventive and incredibly convincing, spiral-cooling suspense, a sublimely mysterious environment with a truly atmospheric atmosphere Creepy, eerily lush colors, stylish mourning, a brilliant note, and, at least, a diving plumber throw the girl by the stunningly beautiful Barbara Bouchet - this movie is simply one of the most beautiful and most awesome combinations of beautiful beauty. The movie starts out incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As a girl, Kitty Wildenbrück and Evelyn, her sister fought when the grandfather told them the story behind an incredibly uneasy painting: Legend has it that a Lady Red Fiendish is to return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people . Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people begin to get murdered ... Director of Miraglia has already proven his incredible talent for style, style and colorful coloring and the "Evelyn at night came out of the tomb" and uses these elements even far more effectively a gem. "The Red Queen kills seven times" is a must-see for the eyes, and one of the most dramatic films of Italian film both visually and draws-wise. Painting the haunt of Granite's castle alone is able to give viewers the goosebumps. The Red Lady (or Red Queen, as it is called in the English title) is arguably the most ridiculous face ever in a Giallo, the curious spine that the murders accompany would not even have to frighten on its own. <br /> A sexy cast girl always appreciates, especially in a Giallo, and this one is a prime example for this. Ravishing Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most stunning women ever to appear on screen, and it's a great actress too. The presence of Bouchet has been classified by many Italian flickers, among other features he has starred in three of the world's largest Italian culture cinemas in one year (1972): Fernando Di Leo of "Milano Calibro 9", Giallo-Axis Lucio Fulci "torture a duckling" with this unforgettable gem. Apart from the Miss Bouchet Miss, the gorgeous female films featured sexy Young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti ("The Night Evelyn came from the Tomb"), and other beautiful ones are not afraid to do it for the camera. <br /> <br /> As the whole movie, the killers are stylish and incredibly elegant, but scary and ridiculous, and some of them are quite gory. Bruno Nicolai's mesmerizing result is as memorable as it gets, and makes the intense atmosphere of the atmosphere even more haunting. The draw is deftly complicated and full of red herring, the tension-level insufficiency and every minute. "The Red Queen ..." begins to climb and remains stunning in the last second. In general, this is one of the films that I can not get enough word of praise. "The Red Queen kills seven times" is an absolute masterpiece that is easy to fix among the finest Gialli ever-made, with a top priority for every fan of movies and / or Italian movies to see. 10/10
