Michael Curtiz led this highly-stylish whodunit 1930 from a script by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel was adapted "The Case of Death Killer", perhaps, from a writer of the best of the Philo Vance mysteries by the unusual Van Dinner scene. Vance had a long-term, high-definition detective, and his character assigned to William Powell probably meant the executives of Warner Brothers were aware of the possibility that less committed to this detective could be outperformed by viewers. Fortunately, William Powell was assigned first to the character .; later played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William, and Paul Lukas before consulting the image "B". The other issue as always with Warner Brothers executives is why Vance was chosen as a character; The tents have been chosen by those who operate outside the law, with no apparent discrimination between a greedy criminal and a champion of individual rights against every corner. This film has an indispensable crucifix that has been murdered, with a localized claustrophobically challenging inside an apartment complex. Characters are unarguably beautifully achieved, the rather good and very fast-paced direction; and except for a B / W glossy look, the film avoids the comic acids, useless characters and important dialogues of early detection early detection. Jack Okey did the right direction of the art. Music by Berhard Kaun is service; Orry-Kelly did the costumes. William Reese provides the mostly-indoors cinema. At the exciting disposal, Powell is the Philo Vano of his time, mostly mild-minded and just a hint of Sardonic Humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usual playing very straightforward as a partner to pretend Vance admirers, with his many professional distributions. The other actor from the best is beautiful Paul Cavangh, very effective as always in what has been written as a red herring party. Mary Astor is attracted to this point in her career she spoke a bit too fast to be effective as she later proved. Also at the disposal of Helen Vinson as the Wicked Woman, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (best known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as the villain has murderous causes, Archer Coe, and Frank Conroy as his likable brothers and Robert McWade as the DA; studied with comic Etiienne Girardot has a delightful delightful party as the funny little forensics doctor who comes to the crime scene. James Lee as a Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story breaks into four parts. First there are patients in a dog show where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh all show West Highland terriers. Cavanagh's dog died, not Coe, to prevent him from winning the title on his own entrance. The second portion of the scene involves a kite-taking; someone is confused enough by who went where, after Coe went out to his girlfriend, Vinson, to murder his beautiful brother by mistake. Enter Vance, to find out who was doing in Archer Coe in a closed room and how, with the help of palettes; The romantic difficulties are straightened out, the Chinese servant exploited, we find who broke the expensive vase, who will marry who, how Archer Coe has done in and why the butler's chief did not do it - but another person with a good excuse did. This is a little more than-good little mystery, whose Hungarian knowledge of Curtiz's director has taken quite seriously. It has used towels, cutting fast, changing camera angles and intermediate between straight and daring cameras to achieve variety, interest and an extended rhythm. Many writers, critics and experts, myself included, consider this to be the best of the Vance projects, although others are estimated as well.
