"Markham," declared the violinist Philo Vance violator of the district lawyer, "I come more and more into the belief that Archer Coe has died in this room. That poker, this show shower, is now These fragments ... it's all here. "" But Vance, "Markham said," Do you mean to tell me a dead man walked upstairs? " "I'm not trying to tell you anything but the facts," Vance says. "This is the most notable case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are sympathetic. Rich, arrogant Archer Coe, neatly looks like everyone who knew him, was found slumped in a chair in his room, pistol in his hand and a bullet injury in his head. But wait. More test show coe has hit hard by a blunt instrument that bumps his skull. Then there's wound discharge in his back. Complete affair is that the Coe's door and window doors were all locked in the inside. Coe was no suicide; This was murdered. But how can the killer escape? What was the specific motivation since there are so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the main-floor closet? <br /> <br /> The murder case may be, now 73 years old, still giving a stylish look to the old-closet-old classic classic whodunit. What makes it work as well as it does, is first, the mystery is complicated and intelligent, but still logical. Second, it's fun, performance ensures William Powell. Consider her work as Philo Vance as something as a repetition for her great performance as Nick Charles. Some things escape Vance. It uses it for pieces of stuff together. It is also good company. Powell was a star of the twenties and moved gradually to rise in status and popularity when the talkies took over. His intelligence, style and effective sophistication made him one of the most contemporary-looking actors in the past. <br /> <br /> Also beautiful is to see a few other great figures. There is Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, the kid, who has a smile, and can be wealthy at Coe; Paul Cavanaugh as a British title titled Hilda; Helen Vinson with the way of speaking and selfishness (see what he really did in vogue in 1938); Etienne Giraudot, an elderly boy as Dr. Doremus's jog, whose work as coroner and medical examiner caught him away from his food; and Ralph Morgan as private secretary Archer Coe. This movie has a high percentage of middle-aged people without an ounce of fat that can put comfort, English-cut costumes tailored to ease. Most of all are Eugene palette, with her noble abdomen and gravel voice, as Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are long-term knowledge that actually seems to love each other.
