I feel a little protective of this movie because it was my introduction to the U.N.C.L.E.-verse. The year was 1972, and I.T.V. runs all eight features of one outstanding run (followed by re-running in the 'Persuaders' starring Tony Curtis and Roger Moore) on Saturday evening. The 'Karate Killers' chose to open the season. It starts with a cool action sequence as solo sports cars and the Kuryakin were attacked by a thirst of mini-copters. I was a fan of life from this moment on. After the main credits (beautiful to see a special title sequence here instead of the usual practice of slowing down action) we go to the laboratory of Dr. .Simon True (Jim Boles), inventor of a new gold extract formula from sea ​​water. True to Amanda's wife (Joan Crawford) had an affair with THRUSH agent Randolph (Herbert Lom). A ruthless fellow, he killed both the doctor and his wife, before hunting for the formula. True was ready for the event - he split it into five segments, each writing on a picture of himself and sent to his five daughters, all the people scattered all over the world. Kuryakin set out to find the first formula, leading to a series of episodes in different places, and cameos from the likes of Telly Savalas (as a tight-fisted Italian count), Terry-Thomas, and Curt Jurgens. One of Dr.True's daughters - Sandy (Kim Darby) - accompanied U.N.C.L.E. boys on world demands. <br /> <br /> Having assembled the formula, THRUSH turned up and made it drop down, before whisking off to the secret bases of the North Pole ... <br /> /> In all The UNCLE feature film, this is one of my feelings I should have been specially produced for the movie. It hurt to being a TV product, albeit even one more little expensive than usual. There are no filming sites, and the various segments come across repetition, usually culminating in a draft between U.N.C.L.E. and THRUSH. At the disposal, Joan Crawford is memorably hosted in his role, and Curt Jurgens seriously ill as a father. As a London bobby, Terry-Thomas is as delightful as ever, and Herbert Lome adorable masterpiece. Kim Darby is gratuitous though as 'Sandy'. It should be said to stay at home. <br /> <br /> What's surprising about this is that she managed to be more fun and entertaining than many unofficial official releases at the time, including 'In Like Flint', 'Casino Royale' and 'Ambassador' yo '. I would like to know how solo and company escaped from THRUSH H.Q. after Randolph's death though.
