It could be a better movie. It drags to the points, and the central story schedules from Boyer complete his mission in Werner Hendrix's Boyer's death, but Graham Greene is an author who is really hard to spoil. Its history is all moral history, due to its own consideration of Catholic, guilt and innocence (very relative terms in his world view), and the human condition. <br /> <br /> Boyer is Luis Denard, a well-known pianist concert, who was joined by the Republicans of the Hispanic Civil War. She was sent to England to try to bring in a contract purchasing arm that needs desperately. Unfortunately for Denard it is literally on his own - everyone in his contact turns out to have a turncoat want for the Falagists in Spain. In particular, Katina Paxinou (Ms. Melendez) is a day caregiver, and Peter Lorre (Mr. Contreras), a teacher in an international language "Esperanto language". Wanda Hendrix is ​​drudge in a girl (Other) who works for Mrs. Melendez. The local diplomat, Licata (Victor Francken) is already an unwilling partner in the Falangists. <br /> <br /> The Brits (Holmes Herbert, Miles Mander, and Best - if Not Worst - Of The Many, George Coulouris) Do not give much hope to Boyer's cause (which he's soon typing Britain's soon before). Herbert and Mander just withdrawn behind the official policy of neutrality ordered by Ramsay MacDonald and Stanley Baldwin's government during the Civil War. Coulouris here is a typical type of Blimp foam - still imperfect in his native English dictionary, it is sharp in showing off his flu for aliens in general. <br /> <br /> The only one in hope is Lauren Bacall (Rose Cullen), here is trying to play her role as well as it can - but it can not really be. He is an aristocratic - daughter of a press master. It was Bacall's second film, and (sad to say) almost plunges his time career. He does well, but his spark showed in his first film was due to the double effect of starting with Humphrey Bogart and directed by Howard Hawks. Boyer is a fine actor, but not Bogie, and Herman Shumlin is not Hawks. His next film came back to Bogie and the Hawks again, and his star resumed his ascendancy. It's a weak film (as was the novel). Boyer's mission never succeeded, as he has too many enemies to hide all over the place. But the bandits as well as losers - often and their lives. <br /> With Dan Seymour as a foreign suspect tenant in Katina Paxinou (and man who destroyed him). It is well worth watching many Warner's catch of character actors doing best to give the weakness toward.
