Pock's peculiar poetry Gregory Peck of Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor of the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War largely in removing it as UN commander during the Korean War offers reason to believe all three of the possibilities above. Certainly the most controversial American general of the Second World War (and possibly ever) MacArthur presents here as a man of massive contradictions. He claimed that soldiers were above all for peace, but it obviously glories of war; he still denied any political ambitions, but almost everything he intentionally used to boost himself as a presidential candidate; he obviously believes that the soldiers under his command have to follow his order in the letter, but he himself deliberately challenges orders from the President of the United States; It shows much respect for other cultures (particularly in the Philippines and Japan) and yet is completely out of touch with his own country. All of this has been kept in balance throughout this film, and at the end the viewer is left to draw his or her conclusion from the man, although one leaves no doubt that MacArthur sincerely and passionately loves land him, and especially the Army he devoted to his life. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Peck's performance was, as I said, glossy - to the point, actually, to overshadowing virtually all others in the movie (which is perhaps inappropriate, to whom he showed!) with Possible exceptions to Ed Flanders. I even offer a compelling look at Harry Truman and his attitude to MacArthur: sarcasm (repeatedly referring to MacArthur as "his monster,") angry, frustrated and finally completely upset with this General that simply will not respect the authority read as President. Marj Dusay was also intrigued as Mrs. MacArhur's wife, devoted to her husband (whom she herself referred to as "General," although relationships seem to have been a happy one alone.) I very much enjoy this movie, although perhaps would like to have learned a little more about MacArthur's early life. I was still chuckled in MacArthur's reaction to Eisenhower being elected president ("It's going to be a good President - it was the smoldest clerk I was ever" - similar sum up that MacArthur thought the role of the President would be, especially in its military chief during war.) Well worth seeing. 8/10
