It is noteworthy that I am only the third review of this film, whereas `Patton - Lust of Glory ', Frank McCarthy' s earlier biography producer of an American controversial general from World War II, has which attracted nearly one hundred comments. Like a previous review, I'm intrigued by why a movie should have gotten more attention than the other. <br /> A difference between the two films is that `Patton 'is more focused, focusing on a relatively short period of and immediately after the end of the Second World War, whereas` MacArthur' covers not only this war but also his role in the Korean war, as well as his period as American governor in occupying Japan during the interlude. /> <br /> The main difference, however, lies in the way the two leaders are playing. Gregory Peck presents this film even more than George C. Scott dominating 'Patton'. While Scott had another major star, Karl Malden, playing opposite him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in `MacArthur 'are the home names, at least for their movie work. Scott, of course, described Patton as aggressive and fire-tempered, a man at times was in war with the rest of the human race, not only with the enemy. I suspect that in real life General MacArthur was like someone's volcanic as Patton, but that's not how it looks in this movie. MacArthur Peck is in a more reflective, thoughtful bent, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he plays in some of his other films. Sometimes, he even seems to have someone in the political left. Many of his speeches on the occasion of the Japanese surrender in 1945 could be written by a pay-up member of CND, and his policy of reforming Japanese society during American occupation has a semi-socialist air. In an attempt to showcase something of McArthur's gift for inspirational leadership, Peck makes him a fine speaker, but his speech always seems to be more of the tricks studied in the speech practicing than any fire in the heart. It is as if Atticus Finch from "To Kill a Mockingbird" was placed on the general uniform. " Whereas Scott tried a war with all Patton portraits, the criticism was made that `MacArthur 'tries to glaze on some of its lesser types of attractive topics. I think this criticism is a fair one, particularly as far as the Korean War is concerned. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to interfere, ignorant military politicians who did not know how to fight the war and were racked for his pain when victory was in his hands. Many historians, of course, feel that Truman was forced to pack MacArthur because the latter's conduct was a world peace, and there was no choice but to accept a stalemate because Stalin would not allow his Chinese ally to be outraged. Even during the Korean scenes, MacArthur Peck has come across more ideal than its original real life probably; We see little of his rashness, it's naivety about political affairs. (Truman's remarks he knows as much about politics as a known pig on Sunday 'said on Eisenhower, but it might equally well be applied to MacArthur's international diploma approach). Perhaps the film's tent to paint out some of MacArthur's warts reflects the period in which he did. The Seventy late, after the twin twists of Vietnam and Watergate, was a tough time for America, and a public looking for reassurance could have welcomed a heroic representation of a military figure from the previous generation. Another criticism I would make in the movie is that it falls between two benches. If he intended for a complete biography of MacArthur, something should have been shown in his early life, not covered at all. (The first we see in the general is when it is leading American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). A theme that runs across the movie is the influence of General MacArthur's father, himself a military hero. I would like to see the sort of person Arthur MacArthur was, and just why his son considered him to be such a hero model and role. Another interesting way to make the film should focus on Korea and MacArthur's conflict with Truman, and equality equality to the two men and actors in similar looks to their play. The way the movie actually did seem to me be less interesting than one of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> It would be wrong, however, to give the impression that I surf the movie altogether. Although I can not agree with Peck's interpretation of the main role, there is no deny that he played it with his normal professionalism and gravity. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, biopsy, thoughtful and informative work. It's a good movie, but one that could be a better one. 7/10. On a pedantic note, the map that MacArthur shows using the Korean War shows DMZ, the border between the two Korean states that did not go into existence until after the war. (The front-war border was 38 parallels). Also, I think MacArthur was referring to 'tocsin' in war. War can be toxic but it is difficult to listen to thirsty ears for a toxin.
