This film will tell you why Amitabh Bacchan is a single industry. This movie will also tell why Indian movie-guides are crafty buyers. Amitabh was at the peak of his domination in Bollywood when one-time godfather Prakash Mehra decided to use his image again. Prakash has the habit of picking the theme and story stories out of it, adding liberal dolly Bollywood sensibility and glowing in it. Zanzeer saw angry Angry Man. Lawaris was about being a battal with Namak Halal on the master-loyalty loyalty. But then, the theme was limited to moving the scenario in the three-hour settlement of vocals, dance and drama. Including the movie is a cartoon in a Haryanavi that goes to Mumbai and gets into a regulation hero. Amitabh's voice enhancement and dictionaries saw this movie earning its big bucks, thanks to its counterpart Haryanvi accent. For me, this alone is the biggest pull of the movie. The rest are all typical Bollywood screens. Amitabh, by now, had some typical comedy scenes in each of his movies. Thanks to Manmohan Desai. This film had a good dose of them. The sneaker of the party, the monologue on Vijay Merchant with regard to the Vijay Hazare, challenges the mosquito in the boardroom and the usual usual scene that is not now becoming a standard Amitabh price. <br /> <br /> Shashi Kapoor added an extra Miles in the movie with her character, she thought she had arranged in "Shaaadaaaap" after the incident cake was poisoned. ") It was all the important roles of the master while Amitabh was his faithful servant. But Prakash Mehra knew the Indian himself ... and so Shashi brought along his act and the rest of the movie. He was a character that might have been more developed to make a movie serious. But this is a helmet, remember? And as long as it remained so the people came and saw Amitabh wearing a new hat, he went home happy .. The end is still predictable, and guys They are good to find the gall and the bad go to the gaol, the old-old theme of loyalty is once again emphasized and all is well-finished properly. <br /> So you hat is it that makes this movie a classic near? Amitabh Bacchan as the Haryanvi. Prakash Mehra has created yet another icon in the name of a story.The Chuck story, characters and plots are my marks for Amitabh only him.
