When I was on Hollywood's video I looked at the clearance out of movies and had DEMONICUS for five more buckaroos plus fifty percent of! I've seen it only once before and could not pass this great deal! The second look was better than the first. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you have not seen Demonicus again I recommend that you do or if you rent and hate Demonicus make it another chance as another look at it can change your mind. If you've seen a copy of Hollywood video for the price I got it for not passing it as it's a great deal! Demonicus is quite a very different but fun movie. His or her is not like watching an interactive video game and playing out it! He has very low budget and actor I'm sure nobody is familiar with. We started in the uh video game I mean films with a guy and a few women in Italy and there is a cave that actually looks like a railroad / railway tunnel train and says not going to have and what it does? The normal thing! He did not hear it! He goes in and finds lots of gladiators and weapons and a body almost perfectly preserved in a legendary gladiator named Tyrannous! Where did the chair come from which sniper was sitting on and how does his body remain so good and where did the Pot Pot come out? So, every cave ending with a Caultron Pot? Tyrannous who carries his gun, helmet, and has a gun or two. He does something dumbest one can do and puts on the helmet and is taken over by the Spirit of Tyrannous! From there it walks around just kill all of their near colleagues by bringing back the real tyrant. <br /> Now I've said before it's a video game. It's hard to explain but it just feels like it. The music sounds like video games. The player is really awful. The operators say things like why is it done, oh it was black already and fine since it's black i'm going home! Also the movie also has some major mistakes as a guy is running and trying to find his girlfriend in the night and still running in the day day always looking for her and out to take a break! <br /> <br /> This movie has some mistakes but it is not a classic like Werewolf but it is fun if you like really giving budget movie movie errors then you better see Demonicus!
