Writer / director Henry Brommel has done a great job with his film, "Panic," from the year 2000, and including his choice of cast: William H. Macy, Tracy Ullman, Jan Ritter, Neve Campbell, Donald Sutherland, Barbara Bain, David Dorfman. Brommel has cast Ullman and Rider into unusual roles, and the offset offset is a welcome change of what we normally see. <br /> <br /> "Panic" is a hit man's story, Alex (Macy) is currently working for his father (Sutherland). It covers true professions by performing mail order tasks; By all appearances, he and his wife (Ullman) and their son Sammy (Dorfman) are a typical suburban family. Ill and his life, Alex seeks help from a psychiatrist (Ritter), says only his mother (Bain). In the waiting room, she meets a young woman (Campbell) who she is immediately attracted, who complicates her situation further. The mother broke his promise and told her father about the psychiatrist. When Alex is getting his next assignment, he discovers that he is to kill his psychiatrist. <br /> <br /> This is a profound story of a gentle man, charming made of an assassin by a monster of a father, and his mother knowledge, who killed in his father but also he can not stand before him and quit smoking. His rage is so deep-seated that he has lost emotional attachment just about everything to everyone except his son - and finally his son who wakes him out of an almost lifelong repression. When it's time for "panic" to move, it does - quickly. <br /> <br /> "Panic" does not seem panicked at all. In fact, it moves very slowly. But it moves slowly not because it's wrong to do - the earth is deliberate, mirroring Alex's own psyche slowly coming out of the fog. By making a decision about Sarah, the character of Campbell, and seeing her brand, his own psychiatrist, as a living, breathing person, Alex begins to make connections between what he does with whom he is - and how not to do that jive. And the difference between the two can lead to the loss of another psyche, Sammy. William Macy gives another brilliant performance, such as a loving dad, a distant husband, and a cold assassin, the child of two monsters who never cared for a damn for his feelings or desires The man finally realized that he had been put up to the plate or they had the cycle repeatedly. This is not the kind of drama that plays well in a theater theater. It's too old, too small, too subtle, too character-driven, and too good.
