It is always sad when film "marginal" as such is neglected by the majority of filmgoers. "Panic" is a beautiful study and awareness of a character that feels trapped in powerlessness in his own life. William H. Macy, as Alex, is as convinced as always. This fine actor seems to have a special talent for pulling your heartstrings, no matter how defective her character can be; we can not always condemn the lives of the protagonists he plays, but the emotions of fear and confusion that he recalls to us are often all too great to suffer habitually. The title, "panic," initially seems paradoxical, gives lack of open emotions. At one point Alex tells his doctor that he rarely gets angry. But as this story unfolds, it becomes increasingly evident that rage and despair, not indifference, is the driving force behind the existence of this man. <br /> <br /> More than once I was reminded of his performance at "Fargo," another film movie movie. In both "Fargo" and "panic" we witness a middle-aged man who somehow seems to steal out of synch with the rest of life. He has lost his way, and the only way to get insidious appears to be even if the darkness. He knows that he is making bad choices, but despair strengthens self-control and common sense. Alex Alex connects with Sarah, a 23 year old woman (mesmorizingly played by Neve Campbell), whom she meets in the office doctor. Thematic, this union is less coincidence, plus the work of fate. Alex finds a certain comfort being with Sarah, some maybe he is a fellow digger, like him, someone who has lost his way and is floating haphazard to the rest of his life, waiting without strength for its inevitable conclusion. <br /> <br /> <views for movies like this is a clever and compassionate way for Neve Campbell to answer those critics who question her ability to act. Too often it is the characters he plays who is the weakness, offering Campbell no depth in which strengthens his muscles to act. This performance, however, may have an eye-catcher for many people. <br /> In a perfect movie world, not only would there be many films like "panic" but also would happen and be appreciated by a much wider audience. If you watch movies for wealth and depth of characterization, rather than merely the latest state-of-the-art effects, then, for you, "panic" is indispensable. A +.
