Effect of stress-related stress related to a moral dilemma that deeply acknowledges the obligations of a family business (albeit a unique) all brought to a head by - or perhaps the catalyst - a midlife crisis, They are examined in the dark and absorbed drama, panicked, written and directed by Henry Bromell, and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is a look at the indifference and refusal to look at the internal conflict and misery that ultimately leads to waves and the timing of truth when the conflict must, in necessity, at last be solved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) tired; She has a housewife, Mat (Tracey Ullman), a pre-male son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail order business she runs out of the house, as well as her main source of income, family 's business shared with his father, Michael (Sutherland), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But it is empty; This year in this particular trading flexibility has left him numb and tear, putting it in a mental state that drove him to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (Jan Ritter). And doing things worse (or perhaps better, depending on perspective), in the waiting room Dr. Parks' she meets a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence alone makes her feel alive for her first times since it can be remembered. He quickly became another brick to the wall of the moral labor conflict she was visiting on, as in the days after the meetings she simply could not stop thinking about it. All his life, it seems, has become a 'situation' - one out of which he is seemingly able to successfully extract himself without hurting what he likes. He can deny his age and the fact that he, indeed, slipped into a genuine midlife crisis, but it is about to discover that the problems he faces are simply not going away on their own. It's a crossroads, and he'll have to decide which way to go. And he will have to do it very soon. In an intriguing, intuitive concept, Bromell fashioned an engrossing characteristic that is insightful and incisive, and it presents it as a way of allowing reflection time that allows the audience to empathize and understand what Alex is going through. It makes it very clear that there is no simple answer, that in real life there is no easy way out. Its characters are well-defined and very real people representing the diversities found in life, and, in addition, in any given family unit. The movie resoundingly implies that the sins of the father are irreparable than on the family, with consequences that can not be changed with effect. As you grow up, you accept your personal settings as in the world of great; and often it is years of adult age that one can begin to realize and understand that there are actually moral parameters established by each person walking on the planet, and that the set of fathers may not be conducive to the principles of the son . And it is at that point Alex finds himself as the unfolding story; ergo, the midlife crisis, or more specifically, the crisis of consciousness from which it can not escape. It's a powerful, succinctly and subtile message transmitted by Bromell, with the help of some outstanding performances of his actors. For some time, William H. Macy was one of the premier character actors in the business, creating the various characters such as Donnie Smith's Quiz Kid in `Magnolia, 'The Shoveler of` Men's Mystery' and Jerry Lundegaard of `Fargo. 'And this is just a sample of his many achievements. At one point in this film, Sarah mentions Alex 'sad' eyes, and it is a very tough comment, such as including Macy's power force here, its ability to convey highly real emotions in a clear, credible way Expressing all of her inner intimidation experience. Consider the scene in which he lay awake in bed, set off in the darkness; At the moment, restlessness is clear that he is escaped, not only with his immediate situation, but with everything in his life that brought him, finally, at this point. At this stage you get the sum total of a lifetime of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully suppressed until now; All the things that were still at the core of Alex's life, only now gradually break through his defense mechanism and ultimately surface, demanding confrontation and resolution. It is a complex character created and delivered by Macy with an absolute precision that makes Alex truly memorable. It is a character that anyone ever faced a seemingly insurmountable situation will be able to relate. It's a terrific piece of work by one of the finest actors around. Sutherland is very effective, as well; His Michael is despicably disaster in a way that is so real of refrigeration. It's scary, in fact, to consider that these people actually walk the world. This is not some fake or cruel fiction James kind of qualities, but a true personality of evil, hiding behind an outward appearance that is so normal it might be guy next door, which is what makes it all the more baffled . And Sutherland brings it all into brilliant life, with a great performance. <br /> <br /> Nephew Campbell looks like part of Sarah, but her performance (as is the usual case with her) seems a bit firefighter, although affects her here just to fit the character and is actually a positive aspect in the movie. If only it would occasionally turn its energy inside, it would make a tremendous difference in the way he introduced his character. Panic, however, is one of its best efforts; a powerful movie that, in the end, is a well worth taking tour. 9/10. <br /> <br />
