Why panic has never got a good liberation theater easy to see: it's too much smart, and audiences would probably have had a hard time with it, comparing it to the American Beauty to prove it in a midlife crisis, with Sopranos and analyzing it in his study of going to the illegal-in-center family life. Though panic may seem to derive from unpowered material, the character brommel is likely coupled with nimble dialogue and observing direction to make the movie a realistic look at the dreaming of a middle-aged man. <br /> William H. Macy star as Alex, a Hitman who works for business (his father sutherland) contra-kill. He led a double life, with his wife (Ullman) and unaware child in his real trade. In the middle of his age, he became increasingly disgusting with what he had done all his life. Under his calm, pick up facade gathering reprimand resentment to control his dad on his life. When she meets a young woman (Campbell), she feels engaged and decides to leave her family business. The fact that writers / directors Henry Brommel decided to do the profession of main character he was trying to break away from contract-kill is disposable. It could easily replace it with any undesirable profession; Its character is so well-developed and credible, busy scenes so smoothly and realistically and written dialogue so insightfully and naturally that the focus falls on Macy's conflict character rather than his work as a hitman. The script Brommel feels like a Shakespearean tragedy, with a definite theme of destiny running at all. <br /> In Alex, Macy created a tragic, easy sympathetic character, and turned into another brooding, great performance, as can always be expected. Donald Sutherland is also effectively abrasive and abusive as his overbearing father, and Ullman's dramatic turn as Macy's wife is a welcome change for the comedy. Consider a scene from a bike shop, where his mood is subtly shaded with head to a scene that affects emotional confusion. Henry Brommel's first feature, panic is a well-crafted film of its sincerity. With a first-rate cast, a possible script, terse dialogue, and beautiful direction, this character-study is hoping that just a taste in Brommel is turbulent to create similar characters. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
