First of all, this was not a movie three hours - Two hours, ten minutes ... last time I checked the ads by actually part of a movie! Perhaps, though, should it be a two-party parter for a total of about 3 hours? Yeah, would have gotten further, could explore some more emotions. In general, though, it was an interesting look at the lives of Lucy and Desi. I watch Lucy love from time to time and love it but never read it or see a biography, never knew anything about the lives of the screen. Because of this movie I do now, but I'm not so sure it's a good thing. Everything here is not one really need to know. This was essentially a movie that did not need to be done. But he did and the reason is because Lucy & Desi are still as big and certain stars in American society feeling that the rest of society needs to know ALL about our television and movie stars. This is definitely not true and very, very sad. Anyway, what was shown here at Lucy was very good. The complainant - actress who played Viv Vance - is not a big casting at all. With the switch from Madeline Zima to Rachel York .... uhhh, like Lucy had the plastic surgery and all of a sudden she's a new person !! That was not too big. But the story went and focused on the rocky relationship between Lucy & Desi. No, the kids did not show much at all and that was not necessarily a disadvantage of this movie because as I said, this focuses primarily on Lucy & Desi. There was more time, the story was more about Lucy's life, then perhaps the kids would have more. But they were not so we got to see the likes of Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton very briefly instead. Wow, that was one thing about the story that I thought was really cool: his presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really clean and it's too bad that was not explored more. Oh well. What was explored did well, for the most part. Honestly, I do not think I'll ever look this again and I do not think this movie'll be memorable. For someone who searches I love Lucy but not a fan Lucille Ball fan, this would be an interesting look. My grade for this: B
