Last Christmas, I was lucky enough to get one of the 1200 Ultimate Boxes boxes lying out of my halfway, but they watched watching the final part of the trilogy until yesterday. Given how many trilogy have been stumbled on the finish line instead of criticizing triumphs in it, I was a bit wary of approaching the "Bourne Ultimatum" but I really should not worry. Parts of electric action and scene combat smile mixing effortlessly with intelligent line-story making this one of the very best action swordsman I can remember seeing with a sublime end to an excellent set. Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after a noticeable flow of Blackbriar Surgery - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - for the journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) of the Guardian. Determined to discover more about the past minute he had been looking for, Bourne chose the trail once more but others in the CIA including Deputy Director Vosen David (David Strathairn) believes that his head is the sink and start to pursue silver in naughty and vigorous renewal. Does Bourne finally find the answer he was looking for or does his senior employer to silence him for good? I felt a bit ashamed with the "Bourne Supremacy" as he ditched the realism of his acting scene and focused on being a proper spy movie. Not saying he lost it as long as compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity," it seemed more like a spy woman slowing burning rather than a gigantic action. No worries here - every car crash, punch, kick and gun shot in and felt and fun toning but fortunately, he still maintains a clever and intriguing story of his heart at the base of the action around. It also sparkles ties along the two earlier films, providing a suitable booklet to the trilogy as explaining and expanding until the picture is full of exposure. Widespread performances are almost everywhere - even Julia Styles begins something more than book-wormy eye-candy. The only real dizzy is that, like the other Bourne films, have little to do with the original novel, but unless you're a fan of hard-Ludlum fans, this is not really any reason to dislike a movie like this is very high caliber ... <br /> There is nothing that pleases me more than a movie that takes me surprise by surprise and despite my fears, the "Bourne Ultimtum" is a split movie full of enough zoo- Crunching action meets the meat-drinks as well as a draw that never threatens let go of your attention for a single minute. Even in the final coil, you never know whether a happy ending is sure but if you are a fan of the series or not (and if not, what more do you want?), This is a Your only movie really should be track down as soon as you possibly can. No wonder this series forced the producers of the Bond movies to cast out forty-odd years of movie history in order to begin again. Bourne is a modern spy hero and has made Bond's past films more like Austin Powers in comparison until "Casino Royale" has given the Reboot Bond series desperately needed. Missing from Jason Bourne's movies is a crime worthy to pronounce - go and get yourself a copy of the DVD. By the final Bourne collection though - limited edition, I'm scared!
