The Bourne Ultimatum is the third and ultimate excursion for super-spy Jason Bourne, a man from the killers who made it into an assassin. The Bourne series is one of the highest trilogy considered by critics (ultimatum has a 85/100 on metacritic.com, ie its status is "universal reputation") and for good reason - the good choreographing battle with history The deep can be very Most, I highly advise you to view the Bourne and Supreme Bourne Identity, two fancy titles prequels their ultimatum.There may be three different cinemas, but in fact they are all a continuation of one another: missing one let you block and confuse, just like I was. You'll always have about to enjoy the action and battle of ultimatum if you miss the first two, but then the story will definitely lead to some confusion. /> <br /> If you were lucky enough to see this film prequels, you probably had a treat watching Bourne taking down his enemy and dragging down his man who shot him from the superstition Jason Bourne was play very well by Matt? Damon Damon does nothing to deserve a Oscar nod, his job buzz here is good enough to keep his own. Bourne's adventures take place in different different cities; Cities all range enough to keep the movie from becoming bland at times. The following is taking advantage of any technological tool known to mankind to follow. I will not go into detail about the characters because they continue in the first two cinemas. However, it would not hurt the film to spell a few things out for the audience- not every viewer is a movie movie-hard who can pick up on every little hint of story development. Ultimatum should not be hurt at all if the story was a bit more up front. <br /> It seems most people agree that ultimatum was a success in a movie: the movie opened at $ 69 million, and - total office box now is up to $ 216 million - is now still going very strongly for a movie which has been in the theater since 3 August. The best action movie I've seen since Live Free or Hard Die. /> Good) Damon is solid but not spectacular, very clever movie movie) History is like many others
