Dramatic license - some hate it, though it is necessary to tell any life story. In the case of "Lucy", the main points of the young Lucille Ball, early career and 20 year wedding anniversaries are all included, albeit in a troubled manner and reworked. Lucy's life was made clear: Lucille's struggle found her niche as an actress, finally blooming into the brilliant comedy that made Lucy Ricardo's character a legend; turbulent, romantic and finally impossible marriage to Desi Arnaz; Lucy & Desi created the first television empire and kept their place in history as the most memorable TV sitcom. As Lucille Ball, Rachel York does a laudable job. Not expected to see the same transformation of the miracle as Judy Garland's one Judy Garrison, but York made strong-willed ball again, and is very funny in his own right. Even though her comedy-distribution is different than Lucy, she's always credible. The movie never goes in great detail about her perfection behavior on the series, and her ill-treatment of Vivian Vance during the early years of "I love Lucy," but watching York show Lucy recurrence is a beautiful inclusion. Daniel Pinos is thin and less charismatic than the real desi, but he has his own charm and performs a decent work and accent the decade, especially at the opening stage. Madeline Zima was decent, though not too memorable, as Lucy teen aged. Vivian Vance and William Frawley have not featured much, fortunately, since Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman were not very compelling in their role. Not that they are not good actors of their own right, they just did not all that suited to the people they played. Most of the actors came from Austrailia and New Zealand, with their accent refusal to detect at times. Although the main structure of film film in historical reality, there are many deviations, some for seemingly inexplicable reasons. Jess Oppenheimer, the top writer of Lucy Radio at the show "My Favorite Mari" which began in 1948, was shown in this film as happened on the scene to help with "I Love Lucy" in 1951, completely neglecting the fact that he the main creator! This film also depicts Marc Daniels as being the principal "i love Lucy" director for running its entire, completely ignoring the fact that it was replaced by William Asher after the first season! Also, even though I figured this was due to budget constraints, the Ricardo show is living in the same apartment for staying in New York, when in fact they changed their apartment in 1953. The kitchen set is slightly larger and off-scale from the original as well. Houses in Connecticut look very close to the original, except the right and left side of the house being condensed and restructured. There's also Desi talking about buying RKO in 1953, during the Red-scary Lucy incident, though RKO did not hit the market until 1957. These changes may well have been for dramatic licenses, and the film works to convey the main facts but would it hurt to show a bit more respect to Oppenheimer and Asher, two vital figures of "I Love Lucy" story? The biggest Gaff comes to the scene "I Love Lucy" recreation, at least a few of them. He always dared to recreate something that was captured on film and was seen by billions of people, but even more so when the OBVIOUS changes were made. The scene with the giant bread cake was truncated, and anyone in all familiar with that episode would notice the differences right away! "We're having a baby" number has decreased as well, but other than it was practically dying. By far the best was the "grape-stomping" scene, and Rachel York really nailed Lucy's styling. Producers who made wise decisions are not trying to directly recreate the "Vitametavegamin" with candy factory bits, rather showing the actors reporting them. These scenes prove effective because of this approach. The main feature of the film is that it makes assumption that viewers already know a great deal about Lucy's life, since many are equipped on or omitted at all. In general, though, it provides a decent portrait of Lucy & Desi's wedding, and the real mistakes can be neglected when the character development works effectively.
