She now has a name, identity, some memories and a lost girlfriend. All he wanted to have disappeared, but still, they drew him and destroyed the world he hardly built. Now he wants some explanation, and get ride to the people how to do it what it is. Yeah, Jason Bourne is back, and this time, she's here with a vengeance. <br /> OK, this movie does not have the most elaborate script in the world, but it's very smart and requires some serious questions about our society. Of course, like each Hollywood movie since the end of the 90's, the "Bourne Suprematy" is a super-hero story. Jason Bourne is a Captain-America project, who goes completely wrong. In the first movie, the hero discovered his abilities and accepted them in the second one. He now fights against what he considers as wrong, after someone near him died (his girlfriend of "Suprematy") by them. That's all part of the super-hero story, including a character and (realistic, but still impressive: it almost unstoppable) super powers. And the interesting point is that what's wrong is fighting around the world (there's no border in the Bourne movie, the characters will come from one continent to another in the blink of an eye), in the best seasons of "24", an American enemy, who is in the belief that he fought for the good of his land completely blinds him. Funny how "crazy patriots" are now the N.1 enemies in Hollywood's paranoiac history. In addition to all of these exciting themes, the film is not flawless: the feminine character of Nickie Parson is now over completely useless and the direction is quite unoriginal when it comes to dialogue scenes. But all that does not really matter, the "Bourne Ultimatum" is a movie action. And the action scene is rather impressive. Everyone here is talking about "The Waterloo scene" and "The Tanger Prose" and everyone's rights. I particularly enjoyed the Battle of Tanger, which reminds me of its exaggeration and craziness the works of Tsui Hark. Scene scene is devoted to many of action-packed actions and a good reflection on contemporary American contemporary: The "Bourne Ultimatum" is definitely the best movie of the series and a very interesting and original flick of films.
