The Bourne Ultimatum - Jason Bourne (Matt Damon at her best role ever), the kid spying on the block, carries her demands for her identity in a close as she also wants to end the latest CIA program " Blackbriar "makes super killer like himself. <br /> I was so perverted for this one that I looked at at prime yesterday and today. Identity was as brilliant as I remembered that Sipremasi remained weak (but still enjoyable) in the chain for the weaker scheme and, aside from a chasing machine that chased this film easily, the slightest lack of action and suspense. <br /> Hoo boy, ultimatum has suspense! Even though you know the bark will escape the authorities (and boys make these movie spotlight movies as stupid), it's still brilliant looking at him doing it. It's mind-boggling to think that two guys with weapons and mopeds can create 10x more suspense than anything that's $ 150 million giant robots made of Transformers. <br /> <br /> Crush it up to Paul Greengrass, who has this staged style studio staging a La Documentary, though it's filmed characters that are far from ordinary, in places like CIA headquarters by There are people in 10 miles should be allowed with a camcorder. It seemed to hear my various complaints and supremacy, as the action of ultimatum is nothing less than awe-inspiring, and variously applied as weapons by being a candlestick, a hardcover book (I never will look in the same way again) with an electric fan (Not Required). The music also helped generate a lot of suspension, and there was hardly ever a nail-biting time. <br /> <br /> The act is good, and the evolution of Julia Stiles's character Nicky "puts his situation in a very new sympathetic light." Damon plays his signature role with spare but skill (which sounds minor, but It really looks like Matt Damon was able to avoid the CIA and Interpol is something) but the apparent moment of poignancy as it constantly struggles to find its humanity. That means in it for a real life could get boring, and almost made in the supremacy, but just works best in ultimatum (best script) .I remember a scene of "Goldeneye" (the only good Pierce Brosnan bond film) of Sean Bean's character to ask James if martinis ever silence shouts died and believes all those he has killed, and he (or at least does not consider me) the meaning of actions without purpose, nonsense, and how the government has transformed people into resources. who knows Krav Maga and can make weapons out of anything. <br /> Sidenote: it always bothered me that, despite being a superspy and chased by the CIA, Interpol, and the police almost any it went, that Bourne never thought to do even the least attempts to disguise his or her features or to forge some new passports. Sun glasses maybe? <br /> <br /> If you have a heartbeat and love movies, then Bourne Ultimatum is for you. Hell, it's probably the movie's best action out this year. Of course, you should be a fool to see him without looking at the others first. It kind of tearing a touch near the end, but I almost feel overwhelmed. This is the first "movie" 3 this summer of at least matching, if not exceed the original and what says something. <br /> A-
