I thought Rachel York was fantastic as "Lucy." I saw him in "kiss me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria," as well, and in each of these performances it has developed very different, and very real, characterization. It's an argument that can play (and sing) anything! <br /> I am very surprised at how many negative reviews appear here regarding Rachel's performance of "Lucy." Even some good-sized TVs and entertainment critics seem to have missed the point of painting it. So many people have focused on the fact that Rachel does not really look like Lucy. My answer is, "So what?" I did not look for a superficial overhaul in Lucy. I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel certainly gave us that, in great depth. I also did not want to see someone simply "do" classic Lucy routine. Therefore, I was very pleased with the decision by the producers and directors to have Rachel show Lucy in the most memorable recurrence of these skit - Vitameatavegamin and the candy factory. (It seems that some of the reviews did not realize that the two scenes were meant to be repetitive sequence and not the real skit). This approach, I thought, gave an innovative twist of excuses that many of us know by heart. I also thought Rachel was terrific cool and funny at these scenes. And he absolutely nailed the routines that were recreated - The professor and the stomping grape, in particular. There was only one moment in the Grape scene where the corner of Rachel's mouth had precise little decline that I remembered by Lucy. I could not believe he could take that - and so naturally. <br /> I wonder if many of the folks criticizing the performance have been waiting to see the Lucille Ball of "I love Lucy" throughout the movie. After all, those of us who knew it only on television would have no idea what Lucy was really like in her early film year. I think Rachel showed a natural progression of the character that was brilliant. He planted all the right seeds to see the clown just waiting to exit, given the right set of circumstances. Lucy did not fit the mold in the old studio system. In his frustrated attempt to become the stereotyped movie star in that era, he kept reprimanding what proved to be his ultimate gift. <br /> I think Rachel deftly captured the comedy, drama, wit, sadness, anger, passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sexiness, self-absorption, childhood, and stosism all rolled into one American complex icon. And he did it with an authentic and freshness that was totally endearing. "Lucy" was a star turned to Rachel York. I hope he carries a flood of great roles in the future. I also hope he brings it an Emmy.
