When the Bourne Identity arrived five years ago I must confess that I did not think much of it. At the time I was eleven years old, so I was too small to get into the storyline and understand the whole storyline. Two years ago when Bourne Supremacy arrived I thought it was a movie that was better than identity but he did not think it was good as I expected it to be judged by the trailers. Over the past two years I have said many times that Bourne movies were amazing, many times I was biting my tongue and not saying what I really thought about the movies. Up to two months ago I could not give a damn on Bourne Ultimatum, I really had no intention of watching it. But then I decided to go back and re-look at the first one before I got to any abrupt decision. So I went out and bought both original movies. And what a surprise he did to me when I was gripped by them. My identity was found superior to the two, but supremacy is not far behind. They are both slick, action packed and thrilling pieces of movies that I watched many times since I bought them. That's why I was first in line today to see the ultimatum noise. And boys did Bourne Ultimatum not to disappoint! Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bourne movies, I would see him in Mr Ripley's talent, but I never thought so much of him in general. However, it appears he was born to play Bourne (pardon the pun). Throughout this series we have seen the change in character of our great eyes, in this movie we see Matt Damon in his best, even better than he was at the departant and I thought he was one of the Best of The Departed. You really find yourself caring for the character and hopes it finds out everything. Matt Damon plays the role with a quiet intensity and you always find her character very credible. Throwing in support of the movie was also absolutely outstanding. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne Supremacy, here she excels herself. Her character is also very credible and she has some very welcome moments towards the end of the movie. Julia Stiles turns again as Nicky and finally we learn a bit about her character. Julia Stiles is a very uncomfortable actress and I think she deserves a lot more, well-decent role, than she gets. David Strathairn is a new in this series as Noah Vosen, he was definitely the bad guy in the movie and it really excels. It's definitely the nastiest character you have met, and some of the decisions it makes are really embarrassing. Strathairn links the role and it has become some superb scene in the movie. Special mention must also go to Albert Finney who makes the most of the time screens too short, I will not say anything about the character, which is best left as a surprise, but my beloved scene is some of the movies on the movies in. <br /> <br /> The bourne scene has always had a strict focus on the storyline over the action sequences, this is not to say the trilogy misses the sequence of actions, good gods no loads of them load all of all these films. But running around the movie is a very well-written and well-acting storyline. This scenario is concluded in the best way to imagine this film. As I watched the Supremacy night before I saw ultimatum it was nice because I could notice certain little parts. That very scenic scene in Sipremasi, in New York, is a lot more important than I've ever imagined at the time. Will not spoil it for people but I recommend checking up on Supremacy before seeing ultimatum. Unfortunately though for a lot of people they will go to see ultimatum purely because of the action sequences. This is the party where I should condemn these people and say they should see it for the scenario, but I should lie if I did not say that my favorite part of the Bourne series as a whole is chases in cars. The car chase the identity car is one of my favorite car chassis of all time. Well the action of ultimatum was to be the best of the Bourne series. In fact the movie kicks off with a sequence of actions in Moscow. So in the duration of the movie we get ups punches, all very violent and shocking brutal. A chase bike that is absolutely amazing, lots of feet chases that are even more amazing, a run that is unforgettable, and oh so much more! But emphasizing that I have to be the scene at Waterloo station, will not ruin it, but for some reason I was worrying. So any flaws for the movie? In my eyes no, but if you're not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous then I would not recommend ultimatum for you. The movie does not try to win on any new fan as it sticks to what the franchise does best and just adds a pretty little more scenario to top-action action. Bourn Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series with the best blockbuster in 2007. As a James Bond fans it is a great honor for me to say that ultimatum is a lot better than a majority of the Bond movies, and trust me it takes a lot to say so. While Bourne as a whole might not be a franchise better than the Bond series, it is definitely almost equal.
