I've never been one of shy away from saying that most movie action just does not hurt me. Most times they are flagrant cars to blow things, show off sexy models, and throw any pretend to reality or intelligence out the window. With that said, the Bourne series was fantastic. Doug Liman ushered into a new take on action using a more true cinema style, showing the fights of full strength and making super spy someone we can relate to emotional as well as humanity. This is not the absurdity of the Sci-Fi Bond (before they made an overhaul in the style of this series no less). There was a lot to worry about when the Supreme Bourne came out. With the director Paul Greengrass taken, what could be a second-hand copy of the original became an improvement in style and flair. The feet were raised and the story was increased because of it. Greengrass needs to be given a ton of credit so they can keep up with the latest installment, Bourne Ultimatum. In what is an amazing conclusion of a top-notch trilogy, the action is brought to a new level and history and performance never compromised. <br /> <br /> Again, Bourne is brought to the minds of the CIA by fake pretense. Someone has leaked information about improvement in Treadstone called Blackbriar and once Bourne is located trying to converse with the newswriter who broke the story, he is supposed to be the mole. Only Pamela Landy, who was on the case found him in Supremacy, knows that he can not be one of them. Bourne's motives have always been clear to the government and live his life peacefully. It was the CIA who kept bringing it back to open to hurt havoc on them. What ends up transpiring is that Bourne wants to know the source as well to finally find the truth in which he is and what made him an assassin. The film, then, gets a chance to spare time with each other to find the source and see if the government can close the violation and tie at all loose ends, or if Bourne can get its revenge on those who have taken life him out of it. br> <br /> In what is probably the storyline scenario in the series, with only one chase of whole lore in the story, it was possibly the largest cast of characters and turns on in loyalty to exposed the corruption which was behind the complete progression story. This is not a detriment at all, however, as it allows for more fighting and car chases that work in the full context of the field. Admission to this movie is worth the fight for the apartment, between Bourne and the second CIA's advantage, alone. The chase jumping in the window of Madrid is cool on its own, but when they finally meet up, we get a minute or so battles that are as invigorating to watch as any scene you will see. Also, rather than using a massive car chasing as a climatic set piece as in the first two films, we instead get around three small scale tracks, as intense but repatient enough to never tide the action down to monotonous. > <br /> After five years of waiting, we also get the origin of our favorite operatives and hearts and feelings. By the end of the film we will find out what was the cause of all the espionage and destruction that took place beside him. No one could do it better than Matt Damon. He has the physical and attitude to be credible in the sequence sequences, but also the range pulls on the moments of intelligence and chat with mouse and correspondence. Joan Allen dared his role with the same amount of dedication to his work, but also a bit more disenchantment for what would be on his side after character Brian Cox, from the first two films, took matters into his own hands his. When you need a role in this mold, we get a nice turn from David Strathairn. Like Cox, she works at the top of the food chain and answers for no one when making a decision. With as many trying to cover up any of his employer's connections to the Blackbriar program as he tries to perform his homework in his homeland, you can never measure what he will be able to do. Even the little men do a wonderful job, like Paddy Considine as the reporter who starts the leaking of the center of everything, Albert Finney as a man from Bourne's past and possibly the key to his or her origin, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA's options sent to take Bourne out. Ramirez is a wonderful addition to the role played successfully by Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban, and Martin Csokas (Sipremasi). It does not speak much, though at all, but it has the look and efficiency of Robotics downstairs and hopefully will get more roles to show what it can do to post a nice turn of Domino. Finally, one has applauded Paul Greengrass to continue to overlook expectations and bring this series to a conclusion that builds on the success of the past rather than destroying them. His ability to look at that who keeps his head is amazing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without having to cut off seizures. Rather than feel like sub-production, use it in the hand that keeps improving the environment and puts you directly to the action. They are also Carl Carlsson's credit movies, shooting all three Bourne films. He could work with both director and his style work in a nice harmony with them.
