Jason Bourne sits in a dirty room with blood on his hands, trying to make sense of what he's just doing. Meanwhile, a CIA chief of NYC explained the agency's response to what happened on the screen. An American flag stands proudly on the center of his office in the initial injection plan, but as he speaks, he slips out of focus as his planet plans in dubious morality, as if he does not want to be associated with the course of human action of the government decided that the necessary in the interests of national security. <br /> <br /> This shot effectively captures the mood of the movie. As well as the brand's quest to find out how it became Jason Bourne, Ultimatum is also a test on the human expenditure of measures taken to protect us from the interests of stability and security. It is also probably the best movie you'll see in the movie this year. <br /> It's just so intense. Bourne tells Simon Ross (Considine) "This is not a few story stories, this is real" and in the audience you almost believe it. The camera shakes, but it remains steady enough for you to see everything and feel like you're there and bark as he tries to elude his rear, and their performance is so good that these guys seem as if they Their characters are shown, instead of just being actors perform well written writings. The action scenes are so brutally fast-paced and well-choreographed that they seem instinct instead of planning the minute movement; The cascade-work is nothing short of amazing. <br /> <br /> The rally is just incredible. It keeps driving forward towards its conclusions, but not so fast that it leaves you difficulty pieces along the plot; The script delivers the information you need as quickly and clearly as possible before moving on to the next set-piece tension action. While they are often simple (the Waterloo sequence is essentially just a man on a phone being watched by a man on a phone) they are charged with this dramatic intensity that you can not catch your eyes on them. The film is just to focus on powering that you can not help being swept along by it. With its intense set-piece, brilliant rhythm scenarios, and smart scans in the decisions made by the National Security Name, Bourne's series is one that captures the ambiguity of our age. Ultimatum is its peak.
