This was basically a try to do the same with "Batman" that did with the "Gilligan Island" in Gilligan's surviving Island. For the person you missed (and shame!) "Gilligan's Survival Island" (Full title: "Gilligan's surviving Island: the story is extremely true in the longest three-hour Tour of History") was a special in some years back, where Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("The Teacher") told the story of creation, cancellation, rediscovery & rebirth. Along the way, stories were dramatized with actors showing the original cast and crew. He was very well done. It was funny, well driven and came across as a genuine documentation of the show. <br /> <br /> "Back to the Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt" is in a similar style. Re-telling in the story of the show, re-deductions, the general feeling are all the same. What is missing is the right approach that "Survivor" has taken. <br /> In "Back", Adam West and Burt Ward both received invitations to a car show where they did not mean being invited. After being allowed to stay, Adam and Burt witnessed the flight to the central of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to chase it themselves, leading them to the clues that cause them to think about the story of the show. This eventually led to the revelation of which was stolen by Batmobile and why. Choosing to use this conceit (actually have a draw) is the biggest regrettation of this show. Unlike "Survivant", the "Back" force viewer follows a less interesting storyline (Batmobile flight) rather than focusing its attention on what the audience would be most interested in (the story of the show). It is the historical section work the best. The casting (as in "survival") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") take the actors without looking * too * many like them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") brings a resemblance to most of his subjects, but captured by one of the late Gorshin's charms, only his characterization. Other actors' portraits are short and functional, and anything stands out as especially good or bad. Many of the stories have said before, but they mostly play out entertaining, and only the occasional clunky presentation. Another wonderful thing from the historic section was used at the audition footage at Lagon Wagoner's tryout for the part of Batman. The only place where the flashbacks fail is when inserting obviously made up the point to advance the main story. This downgrades the accuracy of the flashlights unreasonably. <br /> <br /> "The main draw" (if that's what we should call it) is, of course, funny. This is not really a fault in itself, but it just has not brought in enough assets to cover up the deficit. Strong performance and good writing can make up for a comic draw (especially in those kinds of things) but we really get it, here. Performances by West and Ward seem somewhat flat (even for them); The dialogue is too carefully written for its natural feel. Again, I think the comparison of "Gilligan's surviving Island" can be seen in which the dialogue is especially just having to set up a flashback. In "survival", this all it intends. In "Back" it tries to perform double homework, and, unfortunately, often failed. Gorshin and Newmar do well (although I agree with Gorshin who did not age well and that Newmar was - and what's Wagoner taking to look good?) But they do not give enough to do. Again, I think they all were best served by a more simple presentation than the one chosen here. Another odd point on "Back". This special is on the series "Batman" TV and its history, but all the clips show them from the theater movie. Even the Wagoner foot is technically foot-shaped foot. If you know you are "bat-story", then you know that the movie was originally planned to be made first, only to be delayed in favor of the TV show when CBS needs to complete fast time. So when Wagoner and West were tested for the role it was for the movie, not the TV show. Why "Return" only use footage is clear. It's probably probably done with the right issue, but it's a different distraction to the person who's in the know: see Julie Newmar in the present, but only footage of Lee Meriwether as the Catwoman in the past. <br /> <br /> Overall, I liked the show, especially for the flashbacks. I prefer style used in the "Gilligan's Survival Island", but I can understand why they want a story-oriented piece to give the subject. Moreover, I love those people. It's good to see them out and about, always having fun with one of the great pieces of entertainment stories. I just want to have made it a little better and when more of the original cast was still alive to be there.
