There are many types of reunion shows. One type is where old actors are taken from mothballs and puts recreated characters they have not played for twenty or thirty years. These have mixed results. 'Return to Mayberry', despite some silliness, was okay; 'Return to Green Acres' as Exibibble (Eddie Albert uses a word for the script I will not repeat here, but both to read and the movie movie); `` Rescue from Gilligan's Island 'full of a necessary difference in the history of the cast, though the show itself was comical even from an' Gilligan Island 'opinion. In most cases, the scripts are weak; Sometimes a glossy look at the scripts is too clear ?? And in her comedy almost always fatal for the familiar characters are funny. New characters are presented that do not fit the mix. In the main, these reunions show they are very weak. A second sort of reunion show is the kind of cast in past layout aside, but sitting around, telling stories, reminiscences, interspersed with flashback from the shows. Then there are movies based on the shows, which are rarely good; and movies based on the story of the show (the `Brady bunch 'has both of these happenings, with various results). <br /> <br /> `Return to the Batcave 'uses almost all the above, with a nice tight view, making it the best of the show reunion, and has raised the bar for the others . <br /> <br /> Adam West and Burt Ward and call on a show at the original Batmobile. While they are there, the car is stolen. <br /> <br /> Adam's West in the movie is a depressed man. He was named Jerry, his butler, Alfred. He opened a bust of Shakespeare to his apartment, revealing a hidden pole and slipping down into the parking garage. He was obsessed with being a crime fighter, when in fact he is merely an actor washing up. When the Batmobile stole it not only believes that it's his duty as a fighter aircraft to recover, he drags and wants Burt Ward as his assistant. The pursuit is hugely heavily, with West and Ward reminiscing over the old days. It is broken by `flags' and actors playing West and Ward in the old days. Modern scenes and the "flashbacks" both have the wacky lack of reality the show is preserved. There are also gags that show West is able to make fun of himself: in Ward's book on his time on the show, he spoke frankly on the Libido West and also being a Flipon (West does Ward pay for everything in pursuit, go down to tips and ticket tickets). Suggestions to follow, the characters encountered (even in flashbacks) all fit the mentality of the old series, and there are several homage, including a point fights and sound writing effect. All the stuff is very funny and done with great panache. There have also come by Julie Newmar (looking like he had one too much lifting) and Frank Gorshin, reminding us why he has such a cult. Gorshin will be the Riddler when Jim Carey, his obvious successor, is forgotten. The movie builds into a major, but funny. <br /> <br /> This show is a model for reunion show ?? Unfortunately, some may fit the pattern. This show was acting replaying the old characters; young actors are playing a movie about doing the show; The West Actors and Ward Reminders; and a modern-day movie of Adam Adan's West is playing Adam's next day. It has everything. If you liked the old show, this is the cap on the bottle.
