I do not like many TV shows post 1990, but that 70S SHOW is great. Never seen it while it first runs, thinking of a piece of gimmicky period, I was wrong! I started looking at reruns and the more I looked, the more I loved! Now it is the only post-1990 premiering show that I watch regularly. Even though this 70s shows reproducing some of the styles, attitudes, music, and tastes of the 70s, it does not twist itself in that decade by going further with their references and looking at the 70s. It is very funny, witty, bite dialogue that is rescued with confidence and certainty by its primary cast that he fights every 70s are not just funny. The humor is what keeps the show eternally observable. Although a hilarious sitcom, no matter the time period, the peculiarity of the 70s mocking works in its favor as it gives the show of a signature identity. But it focuses on universal issues (family problems, teenage engagement, marital issues, peer pressure), dealing with all of them and funny appliques, which show the show of a mass appeal. one Eric Forman (played in absolute humorous perfection by next Topher Grace superstar). Eric is a super-thin, geeky-looking, non-athletic teenager and still comes as super-cool due to the self-deprecating Grace Grace of the character. Eric has 5 friends Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie, and Fez (play respectively in hilarious fashion by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis, and Wilmer Valderama). We get to see life at Point Place, Wisconsin in the eyes of 6 teenagers and boys we get a lot to see! Donna, a forward-thinking feminist, is the object of Eric's affection and these 2 have the basic relationship of the show. They become a couple soon after the show begins and never a boring couple. Most of the eps show end and they have a sense of conversation about them and their futures and it works as a great insightful bookend, which works as a perfect controversy of hilarity before. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon moves in and tackles when her mother abandons her; Hyde is gentle, hook, cool one of the band and just sit back, observe, and make fun of his fellow friend and aplon. Kelso is one of the group's mute and Kutcher plays the sheer fury, shows amazing comedy physics as well as telling some of the most ridiculous and hilarious ideas and stories ever! Jackie, who starts out as Kelso's girlfriend, is a comedy self-absorbed cheerleader debutant and is the first to only accept as part of the b / c group in Kelso, but he managed to ingratiate himself to the point where they all accepted it! And finally, Fez! Fez is the foreign exchange student from some unknown countries (we never know exactly where) and is a scene-stealer! "I said good day!" "You son of a b * tch!" Valderama is only sporting an alien accent here as it does not have one in reality and he is still in character and creates one of the most unique characters I've ever seen. Stage-stolen scenes often help make the show for me. The show always takes you into the minds and thoughts of these characters in fantasy scenes engaging in how they would like or imagine things to be. The gang repeatedly gets into trouble (most of it on purpose). They always play gag on Point Place residents as well as each other. They hang most of the time in the basement Eric to draw, pontifying, or just plain play around. <br /> <br /> Also figure outline in the show to Eric's parents, the ominous, commie-hatred red and lovable, happy to -go-lucky kitty (playing memorable by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults provide a much needed point of being mature and constantly advising and advising 6 not-made prizes. Red and Kitty are skillfully supported by Donna's parents, Bob's buffoonish (playing for the full run by Don Stark) and Blonde Daft Midge (Super-sexy Tanya Roberts, who was on the show for about half of it run). In addition, during Eric's three full season, Eric's sister from hell Laurie (played brilliantly by Farina-Fawcett's sexy Lisa Robin Kelly) was a great resourcefulness to counteract the chains of the main 6 and to be the thorn in Eric and his parents' side! Kelly has returned as a guest invited for a few epic epic. But unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems have led him to being replaced by a new awesome actress in Season 6. The senior member was not last, fortunately, and was going after a few epic epic! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of Season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and Early in Season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never recovered as Season 8 turned out to be read at last. Grace and Kutcher return to the final series, though, giving the show a satisfying end. <br /> A lot of great support and character Vino would help keep the cool show of added nostalgia and humor. Top players supporting players were eternally high Leo (played by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (Jim Gaffigan the Funny), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also won the legendary Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play Red and Kitty's mothers, respectively. Many celebrity cameras from the 70s made appearances as well, from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) Charo Ted Nugent K.I.S.S! It goes on and off! <br /> With great 70s homestay with references, hilarious dialogues and deliveries with a nonsense, captured-no prisoners of comedy stories, which 70S SHOW is a classic TV!
