Over the years, we've seen a lot of unpleasant things done by writers when the show just went to no matter what, holding "8 Simple Rules" goes after Jan Ritter dies comes to mind, but this is probably the first time I care. The idea that the "Show 70" is without Eric or to a lesser extent Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to cover it with a comeback of Leo and unfamiliar story line linen, but it still feels like why bother when you do not have a primary character yet. It just did not really connect, it was a bunch of things happening that most of the time was not even funny. The last season felt like the season too much for every single character, simply because Eric used to take a lot of time screen and now we should break into the face by how stale and repetitive the rest of the characters were. Focusing on the gadget that Fez was quite refreshing and the character would simply stop working, because the whole deal was that it would say something weird from nowhere, and you can not say things from out of nowhere Each second line is yours. They also brought to the standard cousin Oliver, only this time it just was not a kid. Every time you hear someone knocking on the door, you started praying it did not Randy, please be it not Randy. The deal with Randy was that he would be really terrible joke, usually as Red would say, smile like an ass and totally fucks up deliveries and Donna would be in point. I think more than half of the last season was Donna pretending to be amused. The problems started early if: once was a really great show with an equally great concept that for once did not about a dysfunctional family quietly entered the territory of soap opera. Everyone started to love and everyone, emotional scenes were dragged out of the heart, and just one usually blames blame to put a place to divert the attention we watched "how the world turned". I guess this was character development, but came about what was written almost as clumsy like the moral lessons from "Family Matters". To be fair, the latest episode, also because it was a comedian by Topher Grace (a camera in his own show), was really good, though not funny either. <br /> <br /> By the way, again more critical about Season 8: what the hell was with the opening theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a character not singing), Fez feared the hell from me. Dude, do not open your eyes wide. But the first five seasons or so, among the best comedy ever.
