How a normal day begins at Point Place, Wisconsin ... First of all, Red, the tyrannical father of the Forman family with a WWII veteran, sits in the kitchen table and reads her newspaper while Kitty happy wife serves breakfast. Then come the thin children, Eric, he sits on the table as well, and his dad starts to insult him every day, usually involving putting his foot in Eric behind behind (insert right here). If your sister Laurie sister you are facing, she comes along, then Red stops calling and talking to her, making Eric feel left out of the family. <br /> Once this daily (painful) ceremony is over, Eric rushes down to his basement, where all his friends are already hanging out. But when we get to see them, it becomes obvious Eric and his girlfriend redhead tomboy, next-door neighbors and friends of friends Donna Pinciotti are the people safely around. Meet Steven Hyde, the scholarist conspiracy who hated disco and does not really care about what around as long as it's not funny to watch; Michael Kelso, the kind of guy who thinks he's going to get into his life only does not look like it and that carrot is grown in trees; Jackie Burkhardt, one of the thoughts of herself as the beautiful girl around, kid spoiled by a wealthy father, and, of course, cheerleader; and Fez, a naive but oversexed stranger who loves candy and can not keep a secret. At first they simply hang out, gossip and make fun of Kelso, but then they all sit in a circle and let the real fun start ... before you go doing something they'll regret later. Meanwhile Red goes out and meets Donna Donna's parents, Bob and Midge. It's rude, but they do not mind, as they think he's joking. Somewhere around is Leo, an aging hippie, who's constantly confused and performing words without even noticing. <br /> <br /> Do you imagine that peaceful neighborhood with all these awesome characters? Of course, most seem "clichéd", but the show takes the cliche to a new level. Now, throwing off some of the most cruel lines of a Sitcom can offer, sit and enjoy one of the best TV shows ever. The one that never did twice the same thing and that is, compared to most sitcoms that are "pretty funny", purely hysterical. If you get hooked, do not let this show let you go. Biting on the hook over and over, and, people, you'll see the sitcom genre from a new new pros.
