Before that, I just hoped another copy of the core of the mediocre copy of the immanent series "Emmanuelle" that starts with Sylvia Kristel. It was really surprising how good this one turned out. It actually has a story, and it's very romantic indeed. What makes 'Yellow Emanuelle' so good is it's leading heroine, beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays her character, Emy Wong so sweet, that the viewer just has to feel something for her when her dream crashes around her. Emy Wong is a most respected physician, statuesque, and a good rena. It comes from an old old family, where ancient customs are practiced. Emy will remain a maiden until he is married, to a man he has never met. The pretty doctor looks OK with this wedding dress. It is simply how it is done in his world. However, he does not plan on meeting and falls in love with the British pilot who ends up under his care at the hospital where he works. Emy decided to do away with customs, and he gave himself western man. But only after a very long fresh, such as Dr. Wong is nothing but an easy woman. His pilot, George, is a good guy, and promises to be married to Emy, for not losing his respectability and putting him in his rigid society. Neither one counts on a third party, an Ilona Staller, who destroys relations through a series of vicious games. Emy is believed to have been abandoned by his man, that he only plays a game with him in order to sleep with him. Where he is in society gone, he was debased. The film takes an amazing dramatic and depressive turn as this proud, elegant woman gives up her career, as well as a sweet relationship with her caring father, and succumb to a life of drink and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself so pushing into this tragic operational story. I was on the corner of my seat when George returned to town, and unknowingly walked into a hotel where Emy beautifully works as a whore! Classic drama. I imagined many viewers were somewhat frustrated by all this drama. One would expect lots of sex and nudity here, but there is not much. And when there is, it is totally non-exploitation, and many artsy and soft-core. If you're a fan of Emmanuelle's first, and Sylvia Kristel, than you most likely appreciate this, the lesser known classic. I was especially impressed by the extra attention of detail. The whole segment where Emy takes George to his ancestral home on the island is really nice. His father shows George, with his impressive collection viewer at Bonzai's footsteps. It has a whole miniature forest built from these amazing trees. Totally unexpected. After grabbing it on television over the cable television years ago, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a movie copy. When I finally got it I found that the video version lasted longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. To release the DVD there is a subplot on George suddenly keeling about with some deadly disorders! I actually prefer the better cable version. I am glad that this rare jaw was finally released on DVD. I must also mention the beautiful movie with the band and the bandwidth 70. As you watch this one you just get the feeling that you are watching something very rare, and quite special. I recommend it to emergency viewers who do not have sex and violence to keep their interests.
