Once upon a time in a castle ...... Two girls are playing in the garden castle. They are sisters. A blonde girl (kitty) and a brunette (Evelyn). Evelyn steals the Kitty doll. Kitty pursues Evelyn. Running through long corridors, they came to the room where the grandfathers, sitting on a throne, read the newspaper. Kitty complains about Evelyn, while Evelyn seeks interest in a photo hanging on the wall. Evelyn began to say repeatedly: "I am the red lady and Kitty is the black lady." Suddenly Evelyn grabs a dagger lying nearby and knees the doll's doll and then cuts his head (the doll). A fight is. And Evelyn almost used the dagger against Kitty. The grandfather's intervene and the worst is to avoid. <br /> <br /> Later on, the grandfather told them legend related to the picture hanging on the wall in front of them, in which a lady dressed in the black stabbed a lady "A long time ago, a red lady and a black lady lived in the same mansion. They were sisters and hated each other. One night, for the sake of envy, the black lady entered the Red Lady's room, broke seven times. One year later, the red lady left her tombs .. She killed six innocent people, and seventh victims she was black lady .. Once every hundred years, the events repeated themselves in this red lady castle killed six victims innocent before killing the black lady herself. "The grandfather concludes his story by saying that according to the legend, sixteen years from now, the red queen should come again and kill seven times. But he assured that this is just an old legend. Sixteen years ago ..... <br /> <br /> This is the very beginning of the movie. There are many twists and surprises in the movie. It is best to forget about logic (if you really analyze it, the story does not make sense) and just follow the movie with its wonderful colors, the gorgeous women, the clothes, the tastier decor, the lighting effects and the nice Soundtrack. <br /> Enjoy Barbara Bouchet, Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti, Pia Giancaro, among other goddesses. There's a nude by Sybil Danning lying on a sofa in something to dream about. And remember: the lady in red killed seven times! <br /> <br /> If you liked "La Dama Rossa ..." check out also "Evelyn's Notebook in Tomba".
