I'm curious (yellow) (a movie, near Seussical Rhyme, said right at the start to be available in two versions, yellow and blue) was one of those great art-hit items that was first a big Sensation in Sweden then a great scandal / cause-celebrated in the United States when printing one customs and went all the way to the Supreme Court. What's that potent in the picture today is not so much that could offend the way that appears in the sex or nudity - director / "actor" Vilgot Sjoman to film the various scenes in such a way that there is a abundance of meat and genitals and occasional small shops but still more - so an intellectual expression than many lust-like - but the nana of the attempt at a pure metaphylm while at the same time makes a true statement about the state of affairs in Sweden. Who knew the things in a generally peaceful country (so usually neutral in warfare and war) would be so warm-up politically? At least, this is part of Sjoman's purpose here. <br /> <br /> Like a film maker like Dusan Makavajev and some of his works like WR (if not as surreal and disturbing) or in a slightly lesser extent Bertolucci, Sjoman is from mixed politics and gender (especially political and social layers) around in the middle of making it a comment on incarnating a character in a movie. The two characters, Lena and Borje, have a warm-cold relationship to the story of the film, where Lena is a "curious" socialist-wannabe demonstrating on the street for non-violence and stupidity 'train in a cabin in the woods becoming a single functioning one, while at the same time maybe also curious about his car salesman companion. And as that is going on, which is alone enough for a movie, Sjoman inserts himself and his crew from time to time as they are doing this story on film (there's even a great big midway in places, as if at a rock concert, four titles filled in during a break in shooting that the crew, negating have to use end credit!) And this has an all other dynamic as Sjoman gives a real performance, Not only a "hey, I'm playing director director" bit. <br /> At first, one could not find this structure and that I am curious (yellow) is just a movie where Lena is a documentary interview asking subjects about the thoughts on socialist classes, Spain and Franco, and a time at a time we see Lena's father or Bjore. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is so slippery as the single viewer left over to toe; It's impressive that many years on a photo can surprise and have not been afraid to mix dramatic narrative, documentary, film-in-a-movie, and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a quasi guru for Lena . It might not always be completely adherent politically, but it does not feel copying or even with much of a satirical agenda as in a Godard picture; satan Sjoman is after analogy to a Godard but on another wound. Her anarchy is playful but it is not completely loaded with semantic or trick that might put in the less insider viewer. <br /> <br /> If I am curious (yellow) stands up as an intellectual enterprise with a full-blown tour of exploring gender in a way that is and is fascinating for how much to show and how comfortable it all seems For the actors, it's not entirely successful, I think, as an emotional experience. Where Bergman has made it down to a T and makes a purely emotional film and decontamination trends, Sjoman is the most connected to specific ideas while not actually directing well when it comes time to make big or subtle scenes with actors them. Occasionally it works if only for the actors, Lena Nyman (especially spectacular here in a performance that requires him to make an ambitious kid but confused by someone sympathetic and vulnerable even) and Borje Ahlstedt (Lena's big realizable counterpoint volatile) but some 40 years later its hard to fully connect with everything that happens in the interior film of Lena and Borje since (maybe intentionally) Sjoman fills it up and glows (Borje has a girlfriend and kid, she will let her, how will Lena reconcile her father) and a heavy-handed narration from her starlet of style. <br /> But for whatever defects Sjoman may have, ironically considering it means to be a comment on himself, I Curry (Yellow) holds beautiful as an artistic experience in water testing in what could be done in Swedish cinema , or tests that could not and bend it for provocative and comedic use. I would even go as far as to say it is influential, and it has probably been copied or imitated in more ways than one because it was such a cult phenomenon in its time (a specific technique used, and the movie went in. for the end, is echoed to his poorest in funny games), and should be seen by anyone entering the avant-garde or meta-movie-maker. If it is not quite as outstanding an artistic growth like W.R. or last Tango, it's locked behind.
