This is a great movie. It has a fascinating story, a fabulous main character, very good acting and bloodthirsty action. This takes place mostly in the year 2036, but shows scenes that take place in the past years explaining the story. <br /> <br /> The story is very well done and there is no hole. Kurt Russell is a thunderstorm named Todd who has been trained since being killed and as all other soldiers have never had normal lives. Eventually military to introduce newer, smaller, faster and stronger soldiers. Jason Scott Lee is one of them. As a result, there is no need for the old soldiers like Todd. To test the new soldiers do not have to fight some of the old soldiers, in the battle Russell is injured and supposed to be dead. The military dropped his body as well as another person in mind that they all died but that they did not realize is that Russell is alive. <br /> <br /> Todd finds a camp filled with civilization on this military planet at its disposal. For a while she lives, but she can not adjust to normal life. It rarely says a word and it is at very aggressive times towards others. When they feel that it is a danger they are sent to the desert. Just as the Russell left the planet attacked the new soldiers. What forgot the military was to train the soldiers to be clever like Todd and the other old soldiers. So, while these new soldiers are faster and stronger than Todd, Todd easily outsmart them. The military started to realize this and Todd killed everyone but one. One is Jason Scott Lee and at the end you see a classic fighting scene between Russell and Scott Lee. Russell obviously comes out on top. This is one of the best action films I've ever seen and I've seen so much. This has everything you could ask for in a movie that includes some great lines. The writer also did not forget that Russell never saw a woman before she even called "gentleman" woman. No hole in this movie, every minute has a purpose and it is very fun. An awesome one-man action movie action for fans of Rambo, Commando and Missing in Action. This is highly recommended for all fans of Kurt Russell and fan / sci-fi fans.
