In a future society, military elements are not required to recruit; Instead, the candidates are chosen at birth, abolished from nurseries and designated to spend their entire life in the service of the government. They are given on the car, body and soul war, for any other purpose not protected and served; They have no personal identities other than a name and rank, and there is no autonomy either. This is the fate of those who have predetermined destiny for `soldiers, 'directed by Paul Anderson and starring Kurt Russell. The scenario is difficult and weak as the movie begins in describing the training of soldiers during the advanced period time, from pre-adolescent adult Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we glimpse her career as she discharges her homework in an exemplary way of campaigning campaign; she is what she designed to be , a soldier, but even the best can not go on forever, and the day came when Todd and his companions were no longer elite again. Todd is suddenly obsolete. What follows is the story of a man who must fight for his life, while struggling to discover his own sense of humanity and individually, new features of a soldier who was known only Two things of his life: Fear and Discipline Russell gives a Commander Performance as Rate dd, the soldiers above everything else must obey orders without question while suppressing all emotions and individual thoughts. She has some lines in this movie, but Russell speaks volumes with her eyes. This role demonstrates that it is, in fact, one of the actors who do not appreciate our time; that it can disappear so entirely of the character of Todd is a credit to his ability, and this party created a very different person from anything he did before. And it gave Todd a depth and credibility that a less talented person could easily be acquired as nothing more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Their remarkable performances are also back in here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Rounding out their support is Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson has delivered an action film and a message, a history of precautionary science-fiction genre. "Soldier" reminds us of the importance of keeping mankind in our lives intact. It's a fun way to consider alternatives, such as a weak future and a world in which good movies just would not make a whole lot of difference. Much like `1984, 'and' Mad Max, 'this film, which is finally uplifting, will let you pause and think about the kind of universe in which we all have to live together and share. I miss this one 7/10.
