Why Do I Love Many Decisions? Why am I looking or laughing loudly whenever I think of a dozen or more scenes in this movie? It's kind of hard to explain, but I'll give it a try. First of all, it's very funny indeed - in contrast to what many of "official reviews" want you to believe. But then again, that depends entirely on your sense of humor, so there is no sense to discuss it. Often the humor is in the dialogue, and often it is comedy situation. There are for example this very hilarious scene in which the 4 gang members gave a lift to the back of a truck. When the farmer drops, they just stand there in the road, cover all over and cows *** or whatever. They are totally unnerved; Then realize the humor of the scene, they do not start laughing at themselves, and Ruben Blam (like Carlos), looking (and certainly feelings) terrible, nonchalantly taking out some mouth spells at least doing something about breath him (simply describing the scene here makes me chuckle again!). Leading to the second point: the act. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (Okay, the letter overdoes it a bit at lunchtime) all fit and play the parties very well - in fact, you get to feel they have enjoyed themselves also when shooting the movie. Third, there is the plot. Jim Kouf, the director and senarist, is very laid-back; It takes time to leave the plot and have the individual characters to establish themselves. More often than not, there is no real action, and yet you enjoy these 4 very different people - who try to rob a bank although the bosses (Bernsen) do not seem to turn up - roar about each other and even- every day, grudgingly, like each other. The film is a fantastic parody of the typical flight bank plot - totally impossible with all its twists and coincidences, but utterly convinced of its love for ironic detail. Incidentally, the title of the movie is one of the best I've ever come across because it does not perform the summary of the scheme in a very ironic way. Therefore, take my advice: watch this movie, but if you do not seek, grin or smile during the first 10 minutes, forget it - it's not your kind of movie. PS. The only negative thing about this movie is that there seems to be no way to get caught in the scenario - if you happen to know how, tell me.
