I love this movie for many reasons. I have a soft spot for filming on criminals such as TOPKAPI. I also love filming (such as TOPKAPI and Big Deal on MADONNA STREET) that liken the genre. One of the best ones is two-year criminal. Corbin Bernsen has met four consequences over the years, and she decides they can all be useful to a bank robbery planning in a small town in Montana. But he did not give any details about the crime of friends, nor they really know each other at all. Shortly after he was sent to Berns they were arrested by two New Jersey police (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck) whom he escaped from before and had a mandate to bring him back. While he is in prison the card (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades, and Will Russ) show up without a sign of why they are, except that Bernsen had planned something. <br /> The first twenty minutes of the movie deal with the console cards slowly getting used to each other, and Gwynne and Philips manage to push away their own face suspicion they have to trust each other. At the same time we see Bernsen patience waiting for the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck again - not too difficult that the shiny bulbs ever exist. The result is two sets of cemeteries that will hold juxtaposition against each other in the movie: the card against trying to figure out what Bernsen's scheme was, and how to put it into operation, and Bernsen is trying to capture self-esteem he's behind him, and regain his cabin (and hopefully get his gang to get the order). There is also a third, smaller, draw involving growing anger and anger at Sheriff Hoyt's Axton site against the idiots from New Jersey who holds catch in his hair. <br /> There are many delightful moments in the movie, such as Axton, egged by O'Neil and Roebuck, in surrounding a town in which Bernsen would be supposed to hide inside, and screaming (through a megaphone, "Come, we've surrounded !! ", only to change the scenes of a big, plain Montana that Bernsen is struggling and stumbling in miles from where the police think it is at that moment .. There are moments in misadventures by our conscience map , who fortunately puts the oldest (Gwynne) to leadership positions .. This does not always guarantee anything. At a point the machines will not start, and have thumbs a ride by truck. Unfortunately, it is a truck carrying manure The conclusion and the gang successfully carry out the flight, including disabling all the police cars in the critical time (Philips specialty is machine) is also a gem in timing, suspense, and outcomes The movie is very fun, and certainly worth watching.
