What a loss passed to director Emile Ardolino was! He could take a light script and, with the right casting and correction, put a twinkle in it and make it shine like a star. This particular star may not be bright in the sky as great romance goes, but it is definitely one that keeps you hooked in the end. You really want to know how things will work out. The script is perfect for Cybill Shepherd, who at this time needs to capitalize on his success "Moonlighting" for the new generation (fortunately for him) probably unaware of how many large screen dudes he had after a very start promise. In this film she is every bit back in shape as a still-pining lively vicariously widow of her daughter (Mary Stuart Masterson on the cushion of stardom that would peak with "Tomato Green Tea" two years later). It may have looked too little for the role but worked well for the way the story unfolds. This is his movie, but it does not exceed his limit as a lead. <br /> <br /> SHepherd guys allow Robert Downey Jr. to bring much to the movie and show a more mature comic flair than it had in his previous movie at that point. And there is enough support to Ryan O'Neal (in his best role in years) and Christopher MacDonald. Masterson's natural charms pretty much land on its own, either that or she has a way of making her character look like a breath of fresh air and every word. <br /> <br /> Ardolino makes good use of her sex appeal as she did with "dancing dirty", but this movie is not quite as sizzling so you could always watch it with your parents if they came to the bedroom. (Use your best judgment, they are your parents after all.) I give this movie a high mark because it is extremely friendly user, romantic comedy enthusiasts will find it sublime, and those who are just watching together and they should get lots of humor to enjoy as well. Again, credit goes to Emile Ardolino to make the most of a good script by Randy and Perry Howze. (Where are they now?) The next Ardolino movie should be the end of the "Three Men and a Baby" recording but his final release (Sister Law) would finally give him the nine-face-grossing smash hit him deserve. Mr. Ardolino, earn your cinemas to miss!
