The first time I saw this film when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately I could not look at the end because it was late at night. Now I bought it on DVD because I can remember that I love it. This is really not an ordinary horror movie. It has some horror elements but I rather categorize it as fantasy. I liked it but I hope for a bit more terror and scary scenes. Especially the scene when Anna's father entered the deed trying to kill him is a bit short. <br /> <br /> Now in the plot. This film is about a young girl named Anna who gets sick. While she is ill and she has to bed in her bed because of her less less it turns on her drawing on a home - deed. When nailing a sleep, which is often strange to just immediately, he finds himself close to the house on a big green field. He realizes that the house is exactly like the one he has drawn and that every new detail also appears in his dreams. One day she draws a boy in the house to have someone to talk to. As he forgot to draw his legs (because he was sitting behind a window) the boy could not walk. Later she told the doctor, that a boy also had this unusual disease and realized that with the boy he was drawn, he also got this boy to dream of disturbing her. She also notes that she gets harder and harder to wake up from her dreams. As he misses his father who is outter Abbey he draws his father into the house. He made a mistake and his father looked very angry about the painting. He tries to tire out but realizes that he can not change anything already drawn. And next time she falls to the horror's start. His father is crazy and blind (because he draws s *** on his head marking him as 'invalid') and try to get into the paper and kill Anna and his friends. Her dream has become a lurid nightmare. They managed to escape and kill his father and Anna can finally wake up. Pass Anna found himself in the hospital where her parents sit beside her bed. The doctors thought it fell into a coma or so. They told Anna that the other boy had died and wanted to travel to the ocean to find out about the tragic events. Anna draws a throat and warning that the same drop can be found near the hotel they traveled. She runs into the water and meets the boy (I just do not mention her name because I can not remember her and do not want to go back to the html page before) and she can say well to her and forget her terrible dreams for ever. <br /> There was a few things I did not understand in the movie. First of all it ended up that I'm absolutely flu. I think it is too long while the main part of the film gets a bit too short. How does the boy jump a helicopter and talk to Anna as he is supposed to die? Why did you wear such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated the scene so it was so mute to me. It almost ruins the scene of the main horror. <br /> These I loved being the scene with Anna's father's picture was the first real scary and the horror scene. I loved the boy. The actor was scared. It was even better than Anna. I also liked how Anna tries to get her dad out of the painting while she is sleeping and how she is looking for her in the trash. <br /> Overall a good movie. I give it an 8 out of 10.
