My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw Alfred Hitchcock's psycho, I was frightened and deeply disturbed. I started a frantic search for a movie that was scary in the same way. But there are no satisfactory places. Among those who tried and failed were the birds, the night of the living dead, the silence of the lambs, the Blair Witch Project, the Rings, the Evil Dead, the Sixth Sense, 28 days later, the Texas massacre slaughterhouse, Halloween, near the Black, Alien, Pepe Tom, the cell, The Baby Rosemary, do not Look Now Witchfinder General, Friday 13th and the Omen. That should confirm I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching I found out about Paperhouse ???? .. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on a favorite book that I own, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse also came to some of the books I found on horror movies, but they did not tell me about the link between books and films. I discovered the truth while I was online, and I bought the movie later that day. I thought Paperhouse was not faithful to the book and dull. Her negligence certainly was not enough mats. It was the answer to my prayers Marianne is renamed Anna's film but most of the original story is the same. One day at the school Anna draws a house in her draft book (nothing remarkable about that) then she gets sick and every time she shakes or falls asleep she finds herself outside an old creepy house (e I mean really unnerving). The more it also finds that each time he puts something new in the drawing he looks at the dreamworld, EG an apple tree. Anna draws in the dreamworld a sad boy called brand that apparently is someone in the real world. Mark is a crisis but wanting to leave home, forced Anna to draw in a fault (somewhere to go) but still the problem remains sticky can not walk. So Anna decided to draw his dad off. She gets her pencil out and gets too busy, but the result is distorted and Anna's hatch particularly dislikes her eyes. Quote "it looks crazy". So Anna tries to rub it out and start again, but the pencil proves ineligible (meaning nothing can rub out). Then Anna loses her temper and crosses her father's eyes! I let you too get for yourself the terrible consequences of the rash action. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is truly British response in a nightmare on Elm Street! Look at this movie letting me shock and upset. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The Question Is How Dosage Comparisons With Psycho? The answer, the old old dark house, 2 psychological psychological parents, 3 a genuine trauma, 4 and many awesome music.
