Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops an unusual fever that causes him to pass out and drift over into a world of its own creation. A weakened world he was drawn with a little sad boy as inhabitant of an old home storage in the middle of a solitary garden. Lacking in detail, much like any kids drawing the house and residing Marc (which can not walk because Anna did not make him any foot) are the people living in this purgatory / limbo world. Anna begins to visit the boy and the house most often trying to figure out what and in the process trying to help save the boy, but his fever is making it harder to wake every time and can not only kill him, , but his trap with Marc forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! Is it a good word to sum up the brilliant haunting and poetic Bernard Bernard's Paperhouse. A movie that is so simple that it dams near impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you can find this puppy in your supporting section is anything but. It's more of a serious fantasy, expertly directed, and exceptionally well-off it's not cast, in particular Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet, it's not a kid's movie either, but to say that we remember the old accounting days that are just just dark memories. Rose created a rich rug in Moody's ambiance that creates a thrilling series of brilliant stories and great actors to play with. Paperhouse stays away trying to explain it to more types of dreams and leaves most of the imaginative imagination. There are many senbisms and ambiguities here to sink your teeth. Paperhouse enjoys playing games with viewers' views, enthusiasm and its very own sense of reasoning. As the story unfolded I was again and again impressed in just how powerful the movie managed to be up to the finale that left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eyes. Bernard Rose's visual display is brilliant here. It can create a weak incredible atmosphere that looks simple on the surface, but as a whole is more than the sum of its parts. The act is at Charlotte Burke's young one, its first feature, is a truly impressive as well. Unfortunately it does not honor the screen since. A very much deserved Central Burnout award only seems appropriate for this performance. At the end of the movie bag a bit here and there, but I was easily able to overlook it. I wanted to take a bold turn to create a finer final finale that would prove to be all the most inevitable and really fixed in retrospect. The movie as is, is always one for the books and deserves to be seen by any serious movie lover. It is a poetic ride said in the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which many are left to be meditating and far more to be praised.
