Emilio Miraglia's first feature feature, the night Evelyn came from the tomb, was a great combination of Giallo and Gothic horror - and this second film is even better! We had more of the Giallo side of the equation this time around, although Miraglia did not lose the Gothic horror genres that made the movie much earlier like a hobby. Miraglia puts more emphasis on the subtle details of the scheme this time around, and as a result of the typical Giallo maze, and characters all over the place and the red herrings have been cast in every few minutes. This is a definite bonus for the movie, however, as while it can get a little too confusing at times; There is still enough to keep the audience's interest and storytelling Miraglia improving since his earliest movie. The scheme opens with a scene that sees two girls fighting before the grandfather explains the legend behind the rather lurid paintings of the castles. The legend turns on a woman called the 'Queen of the Red' who, legend has it, returns from the tomb to hundreds of years and kills seven people. A few years later, the killers began to arrive ... Even though it was only made of the Giallo, Miraglia has its own of tribal. It is obvious that the red color is important to him, as it features heavy in both films; and it appears to be something against women called Evelyn. She loves castles, gothic atmosphere and stylish mansions too - that's fine not me! Miraglia may have no Argento when it comes to reversing blood, but it certainly knows how to release a head on the murder of his movie; and here we have to have fun involving a Volkswagen Beetle, with a death on a iron fence which is one of the ever favorite Giallo death scenes. Side side of the cast is the excellent and stunning Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti heading an eye-pleasing cast of ladies who are not afraid to take their clothes off! The courtesy of Bruno Nicolai's note is catchy, and though he does not present much of the psychedelic rock heard at Evelyn's night from the Grave; he fits the movie well. The finish is something of a turn-off, as well as Miraglia revs up the Gothic atmosphere, it comes to all being more than a bit running and the identity of the murderer is too obvious. But even so, this is a delightful amusement with one that I highly recommend for fans of the genre!
