At last - I finally got round it and managed to see a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! Until now, I've only had a mangled scratched glass glass version on Dubai TV sometime in the '90, with original original subtitles, dizzying slip coverage with a fluid color and an idea of ​​its own. Having thought the world of such a poor (and short) copy I found the decent one was well worth the wait and the full 140 minutes even more of a pleasure than I thought as possible. <br /> <br /> This was Meena Kumari's beautiful film from start to finish, and I believe it was planned in it from 1958 on, finally to realize it in 1971. What a shame it was that alcoholism Chronic ultimately killed him soon afterwards, and in fact that he was too sick to perform in some of the scenes of Pakeezah, the necessity of a double body. In some stages the strain definitely shows off his face. The History of Pain Against Versatility I can only treat as fiction with no experience of anything remotely close to it, but I was led to understand that it faithfully painted a world now going that must have been common at one time in India . It's a brilliant and colorful movie with a simple horrendous season, a great romantic tragedy that is somehow together also feel good. But I read in peerless golden music by Ghulam Mohammed as singing by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and its part of the unfolding story that makes this movie so outstanding. I've rarely heard as serious, beautiful, poetic, miraculous songs and played songs on any movie band. Singing in the rain can be my favorite music movie but Pakeezah has my favorite music - yet Lata has said that the songs themselves mean nothing to her. The only pity is that unique Mohammed Rafi has only one song here, albeit a classic duet with Lata. <br /> Because of all this, but not blind to his fault, Pakeezah is my favorite American movie, filmed at a time when the Westernization of India has been gathering fast and looking at Western values They seem to be state-sponsored and rigorous. In the Pakeezah look less for a taste of what American "pop" music has offered to the world before it was all jettisoned for drum machines, beating the Bollywood and Bhangra.
