Power Kangwon Province is the second Hong Sang-Soo mall effort and clearly what he started with in his previous film film in this film, including multiple multiple connections (in this case, two), and story of troubled or troubled relationships, as well as a potent dose of paradox. <br /> One thing is clearly reduced to work before it is the flight of fancy including elements of surrealism. However, this film also includes a moment of surprise that strikes a contrast to the rather realistic contrast rather realistic. The two stories followed a young woman who went on a trip to Kangwon Province and her friends, only to find himself drawn on a foreigner, the second of a man who also went on a trip to Kangwon Province with his friends and struggle with his misery. <br /> Again, Hong shows a solid understanding of the irony and the flaws of human nature and yet I do not think it was entirely empathetic when it comes to his character, drawing in just enough compassion to offset the criticism he draws and his irony. I think the thought I was gay about Hong's movie is that they just feel so real, especially the complex characters and conflicts. Do not say that each person is a hypocrite or suffering from confused feelings, but rather, that the characters he and the actors are present, feel completely developed and credible. This is not a fast film fast. There's a lot of persistent and like the movie before, things do not always connect instantly for patience to pay and in surprising ways. There does not appear to be any element in the film that does not intentionally put in the movie and it has made me a little bit ultra-aware of various seemingly extra characters as they get dragged into the mix as the movie progresses. > <br /> The power is an excellent film that manages to inject a person's personal emotions, regret, longing for a story that contains irony and the factor of human decision. It is a rather difficult balance to keep up with it astonished how Hong managed to pull it off twice in a row. The value of the technical production has become much better since the first film and the direction became steady and clear. This movie does not even pack the emotional curls that the first one does, but many progress in its assertion exploration and the review really helps to conceal the overall vision. Great look for movie art lovers. 8/10.
