Fever fever has many of the clichés we have identified with Hollywood romantic comedy: a relationship between people who have little in common, the secret was hidden that it discovered, the inevitable separation, and the public so much ?? Well, I will not go any further but you get the picture. In spite of its predictability, it works, especially if you like baseball as I do, though I'm not quite as obsession as Ben Wrightman, a Boston sheep school played by Saturday Night Live comedy Jimmy Fallon. Adapted in a novel by Nick Hornby by veteran script writers Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a fan of Boston Red Sox fans whose Uncle gave him ticket tickets when he was seven years old and he was kind of stuck emotionally at this point All of it lives in the detriment of its relationship with women. Ben is not just a fan but a "fan" who travels to Fort Meyers, Florida every winter for the Spring Spring Spring Training games and never misses a home game during the regular season. Her family does not consist of parents or siblings but their fellow groupi who goes to each game with her and her room is not a place to sleep, but a Red Sox museum goes on. <br /> <br /> When it falls for business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), she threatens with the possibility to grow but Ben is not quite ready to do so. He'd rather go to the Yankee series than to go with him to Baltimore to meet his parents or to go to Paris with him and miss the Anaheim series. He takes his relationship on the road to dissolve, stopping and thinking about his priorities, especially when a painter-sized Dr. Phil wannabe asked her, "Do you like the Red Sox, but have you ever loved you back?" While the premise of Tires Raw is that some things are more important than baseball (perceived), you would never know it's the way things turn out. Of course, to anyone familiar with the story of Sox Boston Red, it is a team that will break the hearts of its deadliest fans - but this is 2004, the year the curse of Bambino reaches a end and as the Red Sox move to a new level, Ben might just do the same. Both lead performance are excellent and Farrelly Brothers even manage a nice gross loop. While Fever Fever is never making mistakes for an art film, it's a joyous fruity joy that will have to come down as one of my pleasure guilty. Ale Blue Jays!
