Yes, commitment. Let's say "Correct cookie" might trick you to believe it in a baseball movie. <br /> But no, you do not have to make a baseball fan actually enjoying this picture from Farrelly Brothers. But of course, if you are one, you will enjoy it even more; with all the references (these are very accurate, I would say) to the Boston Red Sox and its bitter stories; from the curse of the Bambino and everything attributed to it, including those two words you can not pronounce before a Boston fan: Bill Buckner. Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon show two people who can usually have the second idea going into a relationship: the successful workaholic who is also affluent to a school teacher? The thing is, Fallon's characters win Barrymore's heart is not funny, caring, sweet and downright perfect. But his friend asked him a logical question: whether he's such a guard, why is he still on the market? Join Boston Red Sox. He was so engaged in his team as long as his uncle spent his Sox season ticket; He never missed a Red Sox home in Fenway Park in a short time. <br /> Then, delicate balance, how much is the workaholic willing to give up for her guy's mania; and how much is that baseball-crazy teacher who wants to compromise in order to keep the other love in his life, that's what this movie is all about. At first, you might think that the sporting mania bits in the movie are exaggerated for comic relief. Well, I'm sad to admit, not. My heart, like a fan of Houston Astros fans, can say that they are all true. I would try in every way available to see each 'Stros game; listen to them on the radio or follow them on the internet. I read the Chronicle Sports section every day. And yes, my room looks like the store to shed, the Maid Park's minute; with a full closet of Astros gear, including 5 jerseys, 20 t-shirts and you know the rest. Fallon's characters even have the Red Sox MBNA MasterCard. <br /> Fallon was credible enough as the Red Sox fan feedback, though he could pull it off without becoming a cartoon (Adam Adamler was not in it); and the plot turned about how this couple tried to manage each other's passion. <br /> I would say it will be a romantic romantic comedy. Not enough to be among the best movies in history; but certainly breaks a mold in the genre and appeals enough for men and women alike.
