I must admit that I went to fever pigs and low expectations. He has no great revelation to say that Jimmy Fallon's latest movie (taxi) was chatwomanly bad, and the trailer for Fich Fever was really good but did not mechanize me. I have already prepared a cheesy baseball bug for my review ... <br /> <br /> "I love Jimmy Fallon, but Taxi has hit one of his movie career .Well, now we've got two-way steeeeee- riiiiiike! One more strike, and returns to SNL! "or" Buy yourself some peanuts and crackers, but do not buy tickets from fever coffers. You will walk out of the theater and never come back! " Then the movie went and be way more fun than I expected. But hey, I could not let my puns go to garbage, right? Another reason I thought I would not take care of is that I hate the Boston Red Sox. All my family hated it. Mansel only in Pedro Martinez's name sent me to the toilet. Oh people, keep on ... <br /> <br /> ... All right, I'm back. Anyway, my mother, who is a St. Louis Cardinals fans, still believe the World Series was raging last year. She refuses to believe the Sox had her legitimacy. But I'm admitted to the fact that Fitch Fitch caused me to sympathize, albeit only a little, and the struggle of fans of Red Sox. Anyone having a passion for sports will be able to relate to this movie on some levels. Unless you have a favorite sports team you can not completely understand extreme or allow a fan like Ben Fallon to go through. There is nothing so cool as the center of a new season and nothing quite so smooth as a neat slate. Well, humiliating talk. It is the joy of being a sports fan. "Waiting for the next year," gets your mantra, your motto, your prayers - and pig files effectively capture that essence. <br /> I love the fact that the movie takes a fictional story and launches it against real life in the Red Sox series' Probably the World Run last year. I do not like it so much that I want to get married, but you know what I mean. I hope this should be done in a fairly cheesy manner, and while some of the humor is a little funny, it's actually pretty realistic. <br /> You see, Ben's uncle took him to his first Red Sox game when he was 7 years old, and when he died he left Ben ticket of his season. Ben has not missed a game in 23 years. In the beginning of each season she had a draft day where she and her friends get together to figure out who gets to go through that game with her. It makes everyone dancing for the Yankees toys and whenever someone complains it threatens tickets for their game with the Royals (sorry Mr. Shade) and the Devil Rays. It's a very good scene, and it works well because I actually know of those who make the "draft day day." I also must admit that I can relate to when Ben goes to dinner with Lindsey and his parents. Sox Red are playing a road game, but instead of watching it live on TV, Ben decides to tape it. One of the most dangerous things in life is a game and then being in public and trying to avoid hearing the result. Was there. It's a very tense and scary situation. Weeeeeell, Ben enters the danger zone when a guy shows up in the restaurant and mentions watching the game. Ben immediately covers his ear and starts shrieking like a bansie so they do not hear the result. Lindsey is embarrassed, and her parents do not know what to think. Yeah, sports fans can be unusual, I do not deny it. But it's real. <br /> <br /> Now, if you're waiting for the noise, things are the snow that the Farrelly fees are known for then you might be disappointed. They had the moments though, as Ben said he likes how Lindsey sometimes speaks from the side of his mouth "as an adorable stroke victim," but in general this is definitely a smoother, more romantic side of the bros they are placed on display. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that the leg film becomes way too stuffy. Fortunately, when the sap starts to grow slightly, Farrellys knows when they pull away. A romantic moment with Lindsey jumps off the field and runs over to Ben declaring his love love for him to come to Ben sincerely to respond, "You've got to tell me about the outfield." Is he spongy? " Jimmy Fallon proves that with the right material he can handle himself well on the big screen, and Drew Barrymore remains a constant source of romantic comedy charm. Fever fever is just good, solid entertainment that takes a slightly cool look at the romantic comedy genre. It's a movie that guys and gals can both be related. Particularly the guys who practice sports fans at some point during the year and the ladies must deal with 'em. <br /> Now, if the Red Sox fans can please close on the "Curse of the Bambino" I would appreciate it. Memphis Tigers I have never won the NCAA Basketball Tournament, so I officially declare my plight greater than you. The GIST fans of Jimmy Fallon, Drew Barrymore, romantic comedies, the Red Sox, baseball, or sports fans in general should consider giving Fever a look. I would not go out of my way to hurry and see it in the first available, but it will make a great morning. <br /> Rating: 3.25 (out of 5)
