This is a great movie for the true romantic and sport lovers alike. Drew Barrymore is at her best in this movie. As a Drew fan, it was nice to see her bright after having several flops. I had doubts about Jimmy Fallon but it was totally released as funny comedy, romantic romantic sports. The comedy of this movie is great, there were several laughs out quickly moments. <br /> <br /> The first dates started to rock when she showed up in her apartment with flowers and she was sick of her stomach from eating a new place earlier in the day. Instead of leaving she helped take care of her, helping her change to the pajamas then cleaning the pig on her toilet and toilet later saying she was very ladies-like ... there are no fragments. 'Everything goes great between Ben and Lindsay the whole winter, but then baseball season begins. Lindsay begins to realize just how obsessed Ben is with the Red Sox and why this guy is losing big is always sole. She tries to make her cut and think about it as a good thing that she has a busy work schedule and she feels guilty of working overtime hours while she is in toys. He even bought every book on the Red Sox he can get including one on the 'Curse of Bambino'. <br /> Everything is going to be very well until Lindsay has a fake alarm that has missed her period. It both made them both realize how serious they are getting and start asking if this is the person he wants to be together. A very touching part of the film is after saying it had received his period show it sadly put away a baby-sized Red Sox Jersey he bought just in case he was pregnant. <br /> <br /> Eventually Ben tries to show her how important and decided to go to her friend's birthday party after saying "I had to check my calendar and when I saw there was a game Red Sox / Yankee I knew I'd be pork. "Ben told him he was' the best overnight in his life .. Shortly after he got a call from his pals who went to the game he was giving up for the party and saying to him "he's the best game every ..." out of his missing and ends up really bad Lindsay when he says "Few minutes ago you said this was the worst night well in your life "she said," Well that was a few minutes ago. "So they split for a while and realized how immature her mania is and decided to sell her season ticket that was inherited from In her uncle because if she did not read it would remind her too much of what she gave up for them. "Lindsay found out of a friend and decided to stop her realizing she's doing it for her. shows how loved his childhood for awards He was on the shadow of a deeper deeper love, Lindsay. They are always going to the games and even go to the final World Series game with St. Louis and is a happy ending all around. 2 thumbs up !!
