Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town looking for her alien wife, and news of her daughter, that she finds it, the chance of any sort of reconciliation is very thin. Also here, the sheriff and the townspeople are important to learn from Tollinger's reputation as a pistol city specialist tamer. As they live in fear of a mysterious landowner who is stripping the city from them bit by bit, they hold a meeting that chooses to hire Tollinger to rid the city of its elements. Weapon seems to be either a forgotten piece or a vase under one view, at the time of writing this, it has just over 200 votes and a miscellaneous user 9 comments written for it. It's a shame on either note because although the production values ​​call that this is a Western film, this is a fine entry in the Western genre. That piece took on a rather dotted plot of standards in an arangued city turned into a dark black angel, probably not made the movie any favor over the years, I myself summarized and thought it's just another in the line of even so themed photo. But I was surprised to find a picture of dramatically addictive twenty years of enjoyable moments, both technically and as a functional story. Robert Mitchum is in the lead as Tollinger, perfectly cast, he strides in the picture as there are some brooding threats. We often talk about the presence of screens that John Wayne and Charlton Heston were {justifiably of course}, Mitchum is right up and the best of them. A sequel here sees him standing in the shadows in the back of a room as a meeting takes place, we do not see his face, but we can feel that brooding suffocating staring out of us! The rest of the cast are also very much in the shadow of Mitchum, so it's really only with the big man that the films act high qualifications, maybe it's unfair to one from Ted de Corsia for a kick, but man with weakness Minor the gun is with its bandits, and sadly Corsia is missing any sort of threatening criminality. The notes from Alex North are excellent coins {fans of Spartacus will certainly kick their ears up} and the cinematography from Lee Garmes is very impressive when one realizes that the majority of this photo was shot on many of the studio. Directed and co-written by first-time director Richard Wilson, Man and the gun hold some surprises for the genre, but it's dark in tone, violent and above all else, very look. 7.5 / 10
