'A Partial Party' is a movie that has a headline that sounds familiar to me to think I've seen it more than once. Now that I finally saw it, I'm very happy. This is one of the best Italian cinemas I know, with one of the most beautiful performances by Marcello Mastroianni, which stars other princes like 'La Dolce Vita' and '8 1/2', both from great Federico Fellini. Led by Ettore Scola, this is a movie that takes time to present the characters and slowly develops a story on a special day, Adolf Hitler's day visited Rome. Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, the neighbor of Antonietta (Sophia Loren). He is a member of the party Mussolini, very fond of thinking, and he is a member of no more. The reason for that I will not reveal. In the day, each person from the buildings, including her husband and children, is out to see Hitler, still in the building. Antonietta's bird is saved and flies into Gabriele's apartment, and this is how the two meet. Right before Antonietta went to Gabriele, she thought of killing herself, again for reasons I will not reveal. How the story develops out here I will not reveal, but it is what's happening between the two who make this as a special day, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni has a wonderful performance. You see it is a man who desperately wants someone around him, although at first we do not know why. Let her love Antonietta, may she be in love with her, they may have other reasons. Antonietta feels our feelings. What does this man want out of it? He loves the attention of anyway. We see how it does make her hair look attractive to the man. Loren plays scenes are very good as well. We understand its question, although we can not be sure what it intends to do. The times in which we find both the secrets, if that's what you can call it, is a great moment. How the story develops out to be even more interesting, but I do not want to spoil it for you. This is a movie you should see. Great performance with a nice cinematography, and the message it gives us still stands today.
