One day SPECIAL (Ettore Scola - Italy / Canada 1977). Every once in a while, you come across a movie that really touches a nerve. This one offers a very simple quote, almost imperfectly executed in every way and incredibly moving at the same time. It is surprising Ettore Scola's "Una giornate particulare" is relatively unheralded, even hatred by some critics. Time out calls it 'garbage' and Leonard Maltin, a bit milder, 'beautiful, but trifling'. I do not agree, not only because this film deeply moves, but in its simple story it shows us more about daily life in Italian fascist than most films I've seen. Cinematography is clearly unflashy, even somewhat bland, and the straightforward storyline, which could explain the relative unpopularity of the movie. Consider 70 'late delights were not exactly spoiled and Italian films, even those strangers did not really hold on with the critics. The film begins with a ten minute collage of footage archives from Hitler's visit to Italy on 8th to 1938 years. Put against this background, we first meet Antonietta (Loren), a lonely, loving-ridden housewife and six children in a roman apartment building. One day, when Beo saved, she met her neighbor Gabriele (Mastroianni), which seems to be one of the buildings not going to the ceremonies. He is well-resident, cultivated and soon has attracted him. During the whole movie, we heard the fascist rally on the radio at the concierge grille in the yard. Scola playfully uses the camera to make us part of the procedures. After the opening stage, the camera tilted across the modernist yard (hypermodern of the moment) block apartment, seemingly for our main character, whom we have not met again. Marcello Mastrionani and Sophia Loren are unforgettable of the two leading roles, all the more amazing since they are cast completely against the quality. Canadians designed John Vernon play Loren's husband, but it is only on screen at the first and last stage. I figured out that he was armed, since he was not in Italian descent and never settled in my knowledge, so I can not imagine speaking Italian. If his voice was armed, I did not notice at all. On the contrary, it is completely credible as an Italian, even more than the rest of the cast. The story is simple, but very effective, the performances are exceptional, the finish is just perfect and the sidebar does not come out as overly pretentious but works completely. Do not miss out on this one. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 9/10
