As it has already put, the best version ever in Homer's epic. Entirely injected into the Mediterranean location. The sea and the sky are striking blue, the green and intact islands. The coat is linen, wool and fur, setting of stones and iron, everything is somewhat rugged and primitive, a bit that you would find in Cacoyannis or Pasolini movies, and it makes it all the more authentic . Although the story is based on myths and largely goes to supernatural, it gives us a good idea about what life in the 10th century BC might be like. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is a bit slow and hard, but whole is so beautiful that you quickly get into it. Actually, it is amazingly close to the original plot by Homer, if not the text itself. Ulysses did not appear until the first hour, began to focus on her son looking after her. Then he suddenly appeared lost in a storm, land on the island of the Pheacians where the royal family took good care of him. His adventures were said to be flagship as a narration of all his powers: the horrific Cyclops, the magical world of Circe, the Underworld, Sirens etc. He finally returned to his country Ithaca after 20 years, and it all ended dramatically with The murder of the pretenders of his faithful Penelope married. <br /> As a story, Odyssey is a unique metaphor in the struggles of someone's life. Throw is glossy and international here. Irene Papas gives us a typical Greek style tragedy performance as Penelope, but most amazing is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Really good looking and totally convinced, it seems the role really made for him. Strange that he never offered the role this dimension afterwards. Also playing Nausicaa is Barbara Bach (as Barbara Gregorini) later famous as the James Bond girl in the "Spy That Loves Me", and plays Athena is Michele Breton, who was otherwise noted in the unusual film called "Performance "and Mick Jagger. As it did 35 years ago, the series was actually quite an innovation for its time, as the first major European co-production for television (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I saw this mini-set of 8 parts on French television as far back as 1974. I was a kid back then, and although it was all in black and white, it left a very vivid impression. All my life has long been amazed if I would ever get a chance to see it again, as it never showed on French TV later on. <br /> <br /> I recently got a copy of DVD (all in wonderful colors) via the internet. It is unfortunately only in Italian with no translation, although French and German versions have existed back then. I never heard there was any English version of this film as it is widely unknown in the Anglo Saxon world, and it's quite a shame. If you ever get a chance to watch this, you will not forget it all the time. <br /> There was not much version of the Odyssey before or after. One by Camerini in 1955 begins Kirk Douglas is a classic sword-and-sandal as the "10 commandments", but not as impressive and very short for such a complex story. The one in 1997 by Konchalovsky is a Hollywood movie film, based on special effects, sometimes quite gory, very mismanaged and grossly far from Homer's history and atmosphere.
