No, this is not an end to the awesome series OVA, but rather a remake of the events that happened after the death of Ghim (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It is also the most accurate of the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why characters (ie Orson and Shiris) are re-produced, and why the story may seem a little different to what the OVA uses. (This booklet included in the series provides excellent answers to these questions, as well as several online sites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-part television series focus on the fateful battle of Demon Dragon Mountain. Remaining 19 episodes to introduce us to Spark, a Knight-Whitening Knight identifies with Parn and his ragtag team in misfits while attempting to stop the Dark Wizard Wizard from resurrecting the newest cardiard. is not quite the equivalent of the original LODOSS warfare (we all love the final where Parn saves Deedlit from Wagnard, not us?), this TV tracking is still great fun for fantasy fans. Even though the animation is limited (with a step down from the artistic track of the first LODOSS), this 27-part series has its components of appeal. Characters are fully realized, engaging scenes, magic, romance, and an extreme soundtrack by Kaoru Wada in SCROLL NINJA, all giving this unmatched turn-off some punch. While the OVA dub of LODOSS has been criticized for one reason or another, I generally liked it and still consider it one of my favorite dubs. So I had great hope for the dub for CHRONICLES, made in 1999-2000. For the most part, the LODOSS TV English track is in beams (if not stellar) quality; It does, however, has its share of problems. Many of the original cast that lent the English voice to the characters in LODOSS returns (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a nice bonus. On the other hand, Billy Regan's more mature sounding parn is a bit of sacrifice. It does not make a bad job, but his voice came across as grille for eight in the first eight (causing some anti-dub fans to immediately dissolve the dub), but not the Spark time and companies take the scene, I found it is less bothersome. (I do not know if it's because it improves or it just grew up on me.) Also, not everyone from the OUB dub returns. Jayce Reeves only voices Wagnard (terrific) for one episode; It was replaced by Pete Zarustica for the entire show, who gave a scratch turn, but still malvulent (as well as the predicted evil). Anthony Cruise's Kashue, on the other hand, is too weary and takes about five or so episodes to get his stride. Oliver Gregory is probably more effective as Orson, especially during his final dramatic scene. Aside from Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), Jan Knox (Ashram), and Al Muscari (Slayn), Dubai's best voice comes from some of the newest characters, including including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack -episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who voiced Pirotess in the OAV but also voiced Ryna with vulnerability and sassiness as well as Karla) and especially Angora Deb (which stole each scene from the as Leaf Half-Elf). The rest of the cast is not horrible by any means, but a little more uneven than dub in OAV. Some are true (Aldonova, Greevus) while others are substandard (Hobb, guard, dragon, etc.) and some have been awful (in particular, the VA VA Reona is too hard and monotonous for a fighter in justice). > <br /> In fact lack of aural continuity (some cast members find new voices for some reason unreasonably when we reach some of the episodes later) is one of the issues in the dub. Others include less memorable and easier harmful dialogs, unmatched synchronization, and finally (I apologize to the fans in this) the LODOSS segments. These offbeat, inter-deformed super-deformed at the end of each episode will either entertain or drive your batty. Admwatan, I was first found to be a great nuisance, but they sorta grew up over me after a while. (In addition, there are some hilarious wary lines such as "I'm King Kashue, and this is my CASHEW! I'm really a black!") These flags rank the dub for CHRONICLES just a tooth just below for the OVA, causing a British track to summar up better as "OK". <br /> <br /> If one wonder if the Japanese language track is the preferred choice, well, guess what? The Japanese version has good and bad points, too. While some voices are less annoying than the English language track, I've found others to be less appealing than the English equivalent (in particular, the actress who makes Deedlit is nowhere almost as good as Lisa Ortiz or Yumi Tohma). Plus, I should mention that the Japanese throw is NOT the same as the OVA. Because the series made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the cast members were replaced by new ones. Although doing a good job good, it can be a great annoyance for those who used to throw their Japanese OVA. Show that not everything in Japanese is better than English, eh? Despite its flaws, CHRONICLES in HEROIC rays are still a fine series that deserves to retain its own soil. It's not its rough spot and does not always live up to its predecessor, yet there are enough good points to counter the bad, doing this a fantastically enjoyable Anime.
