In terms of the arts, the 1970s was a very tense era. In literature and visual arts, he was closing in a fiftieth or sixty year of creativity that has yet to be resumed. In music it was a decade that many viewed as a low point, due to corporate stones and disco. On television she was a Golden Age for comedy situation, from the odd couple of Mary Tyler Moore The M * A * S * H ​​show to the whole family, but in her film was even a much larger period of creativity , in all respects, saw the rise of American authors such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola, and Martin Scorsese - from the ashes to the old studio systems that dominated Hollywood for more than half a century. These directors wanted literary craft, film arts for the masses, in the staple that staples in Europe since the end of the Second World War. But the studio was trying to hold fast, and socially aware movies of the sort since the 1930s. But unlike the films of the 1930s, starring actors such as Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually co-starring dead dead), faced with social issues in a realistic, realistic way, or as Realistically as one could get on a sound stage, the social awareness of the late 1960's and early 1970s manifested itself most of science fiction films, which allowed the remaining zeal of Hollywood to preach in the masses under the guise of This is considered a little above humorous outdoor entertainment. There were precedents for this approach, for several of the flying saucer films in the 1950s faced with the political zeitgeist of McCarthy era-notably the most important day of the Earth stood Still with the invasion of the body Snatchers. With the early 1960s saw Rod Serling constantly subverting the political conservatism at the time by casting social problems into science fiction environments on the classic Sci Fi TV anthology shows the Twilight Zone. Among the studio offerings at that time were ecologically sensitive Running silently; George Lucas's first film THX 1138, faced with consumption, group thinking, and existentialism; and the Logan Run, which moves away from communism and state control against the rights of a person. Some of the film's references are quite heavyhanded- and Reek's then current Arabian crises and rampant inflation. A few jarred brothers cost $ 150, and their Soylent rations assorted colored foods - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red, and new Soylent Green, reputedly made from the 'sophisticated sailor growth,' in a way that is not unlike and rationing the fuel in the allotted time. The food riot scene is the echo of the oil riot shots at many gas stations during the year of release of the film, with the crowding scene, and body, live and die, lay everything on them always refrigeration, as well as influential . A later movie like Escape from New York is an obvious projection. The rest of the script, by Stanley R. Greenberg, however, is rather python, and fairly standard for a dystopian film but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Kline does a great job in filling the screen with interesting images and sounds of spice things. The use of soft, visually lit visual, mosquito filter, adds a Stygian feel to New York in the movie, almost like a colorized version of Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampyr. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and it was not for the fashion film form to really seem timeless. <br /> <br /> The end of the film, where Thorn sneaks through the plant processing plant The bodies made of Soylent Green cake are both choking, and unusual drama-less. In the end, Soylent Hunter torn down, but he continued to live long enough to pronounce catchphrase the Chief Hatcher movie. But one does not know if it's enough, so Hatcher has already co-opted, and has a track record of taking the easy way out. But that fact, with its ambiguity, shows that the movie does not recapitulate its characters, and it has a lot later, better to make movies, if not, do not have. It is also why Soylent Green is still a movie worth watching.
