Document a document. This is the way to describe Keeping the River on Your Right: A Modern Cannibal Account. This film follows anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who in his late 70s went on a trip back to where he spent time as a participant gardener about 40 years ago, first in West Papua, Peru. Tobias is a full-bodied character: a gay Jewish artistic anthropologist who executes a living on a cruise ship teaches gawking tourists about the cultures he has had a great respect and understanding. Author of several books that documented his time with both Asmat people in West Papua and the Cannibal Amazon in Peru, Tobias was haunted by what happened in his time at the sides and how intimate his connection with their relationship come. But constant Tobias' wonder and appreciation for the places he knew is admirable and a real pleasure to watch. One can only hope for ever to realize and keep these humblings themselves. Tobias made a compelling topic for study as the experiences he was facing dipping himself in those tribal societies had left him basically changing. This film challenges the notion of morality and "naturalness" - e.g. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Look for scenic graphics scene). When asked why he was engaged in some of the local practices that others would morally denounce, his non-trial nature asked, "Why not?" Who is to say in other cultures good or bad? This little sleeper is a must look for not only National Geographic types, but also those interested in the art of documentary making. This movie shows what can be injected on video. The correction gives a quiet revelation to Tobias's life that leaves you looking at passion. At times, she lost hope that her film crew was pushed back to the emotional journey, especially for considering her age and physical weakness. We can but thankful that Tobias allowed the tables to be turned over, maybe sympathized with the desire to understand mankind and the one place in the world. The filmists provide some moments of critical scrutiny, for example one anthropologist who believes Tobias predominantly finds him (in homosexuality in this case) based on his personal interests. That said, you can not decide when to stop being shocked and when to take this person's house for a caress. Move on the River Queen, this is the best river ride I took in a short time.
