The world of Sci-Fi's Sci-Fi drama 1973 is what we might see if we do not take precautions. It is a world where the New York city's population has topped $ 40 million in 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, year-round heat wave and lack of food are the rule. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what is this particular thing really made of? This question is in this movie admitly a bit dated but still intriguing, based on Harry Harry Harrison's 1966 "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston star as Thorne, a NYPD detective who comes across murder at a self-employed head of executive (Joseph Cotten). As it turns out, Cotten was on the board of directors of the Soylent Corporation, who is responsible for all the food items to be consumed in place of the real thing. Heston believes that this was not just a field-variety murder, which Cotten had kicked off for a reason. He gets a lot of help from his "booklet" (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101s, he's very agitated), with a few timely reminder of what the world used to be like. What Robinson finds on his Soylent Green shock beyond all imagination; but before he can tell Heston everything she knows, she has herself being neutralized. But when Heston really finds the secret of Soylent Green ... well, this party has become immortalized in Cinemas history. <br /> <br /> But many professionals guide director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a fairly fair but thought-provoking look at a Dystopian future that mankind could live if we are not disturbed Our tendency is to strip our planet into its natural resources. Indeed, this was a project that Heston himself had in mind for filming as far back as 1968, after he had hit gold in the genre of sci-fi and PLANET in the APES - a reality Probably gets lost anytime its ultra-conservative Political philosophy comes in conversation (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly a frantic capitalist device). Robinson, as always, is the consumer consumer in his latest role; The sequence where it is euthanized (as it looks like in the world's video from a better era, set in the music of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven, and Grieg) is quite simple heartbreaking. The film also benefits from solid support from Chuck Connors (as a very compelling heavyweight), Brock Peters (as Heston's superior), and Leigh Taylor-Young as the woman who tries to help Heston in his questions. /> It seems easy these days are SOYLENT GREEN postponement for being dating. But those who do this must think twice; for this movie world can end up becoming in reality if we do not look what we do with what we have today.
