As with all the environmental films aware of the 1970s SOYLENT GREEN has a rather cheesy view of what ecological meltdown is. Overpopulation means there's too many people to eat? I was under the impression that the hunger was caused by either war or failed economic policy. Stalin's policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions dead because of the famine and today the greatest man had been tragedy Mao's rural policy in China that led more than 30 million hunger deaths in the 1950s . And let's not forget the great hunger of Africa's cattle in the 1980s and 90s that have been made with conflicts by overpopulation. You would also consider that two of the most popular areas on Earth, Hong Kong and Macau, have never suffered a starvation in modern times. As well as the expansion of village towns around town as seen here isn't strictly down to surpopulation - it`s down to economic factors where sheep in the cities get better paid jobs than in the country (Li ` this symptoms of industrial progress - not too many births) so the image of the streets of New York City being too trapped in the walk and in those sleeping stairs is a bit scrambled <br /> but not should be fooled by thinking SOYLENT GREEN is a coral tree coral embraced crap because I consider this to be the best eco film in the 70s <br /> <br />. He plays on the knowledge of the contemporary audience in the world where Sol and the Thorns beside themselves and the joy of finding fruits, brandy and fresh meat. The thirsty lily of wonder in ice in his whiskey, blows on a cigarette and delivers the classic line "If I could afford it I`m smoke two, maybe three of those a day." But it's facial in the euthanasia room that `memorable as Thorn lawn in the images of wild animals, flowers, running water and snow covered hills, a world of Thorn world never known. This is a very haunting scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable movie, combined with the reality it features the ultimate screen appearance of Edward G Robinson as the wise Jews Sol Sol Roth
