The only other film besides Soylent Green has such a time of despair is on the Beach. Both films deal with the consequences for the species and the planet from those who did cataclysms. On the beach and nuclear war with Green Soylent and poisoning in the environment of the planet. <br /> <br /> Maybe there's cause for some optimism because in 2007 we have not reached one of the worlds described in these films and we were supposed to not now. New York City still has about 8 million people by 22 million by turning in the millennium as described by Soylent Green. Surrounded by this film's hail as shown by the effects of global warming. For myself it also shows the Right to Life ethics running amok. Clearly, there is no family planning in this world either. Charlton Heston is a NYPD detector who lives with Edward G. Robinson's old-fashioned room to rememorate the Earth before the catastrophic hit. There was a murder committed, Joseph Cotten an executive and the Soylent Corporation, a multi-national concern that came up with a food product, has some kind of bread in many colors to feed the world's population. The latest product is Soylent Green. The investigation found Charlton Heston getting her man, but also leads to some truths worried about the Soylent Corporation and the future of mankind. As Heston speaks at the end that Soylent Green is made to man, that we have become a race in the cannibalism, the terrible thing is that there is no alternative. We have exploited the planet and we must feed our dead to survive. This was the performance of Edward G. Robinson's election and in his memory Heston spoke to Robinson's move despite being different political views. A few weeks after Robinson wrapped up the final scene of his screen breaking by consent euthanasia, he passed away in real life. Not much did, but Heston knew that Robinson was terminally and there was no act involved in the final death scene between the two. Even though the eligibility was there, it does not mean that the world envisioned by Soylent Green can not happen. Hopefully we will have not only the intelligence, but the sense of responsibility shared keeping from happening.
