"The Garden of Allah" is a prime example of "popularity literature", turning into the 20th century style, combining all the power of unbridled erotic and exotic reveries with the exciting glamor of fake mysteries and the sado-masochistic bite of guilty guilty. As Jane Eyre could not really be happy until her castle burned down to her and his girlfriend was pardoned for his sins, or the heroine of "Rebecca" could not find true accomplishment in her marriage Her husband put on trial for the murder of his first wife (and her castle burned down to her), or poor Psyche could not leave quite enough alone and have captured the cupid's secret all over Spending, Domini, the heroine revealed Catholicism in this piece of drift, can only get real realization of sexuality by inadvertently marrying a man who has renounced his sacred religious sacred. Like all the narratives that aim to promote the female reader and to induce steam, this one depends on the oldest tricks in the book: Basic misunderstanding and inability to express true feelings one to the right place and at the time right until it's too late. The logic is that any ultimate sexual extreme can be indulged in as long as one wants to eventually pay a high price for it to be at the expense of the act of the past. It is Paul Claudel reduced to standard Beauty Salon magazines. Oh well ... It could be worse and it's often been ... <br /> <br /> Without the religious spells, the film's draw is that of your porn pornography: Oversexed monk madness By abstinence the desert night where he had a few scrolls of the dunes and a romantic, kissing but naive Catholic heiress before reintegrating his monastery, all passions passed, leaving him in cleaning his mess. And I really hate another companion's companion and Anatolia France in "Thais", a sophisticated novel that intended to make fun of the entire concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which transpired to Massenet's opera of the same name , Fortunately. <br /> But what makes this picture unique in the stories of female erotic commercials, of course, is the enormous constellation of talent gathered under a banner to make this wet dream cinemas become shimmering, vibrant life. Imperformable photography technology that will survive all of us, a truckload of worthy character actors (including a cute dog), a music note by Max Steiner who looks like to accomplish the "composite film" that Michael Powell (who, ironically, had a bit part of the silent version of 1927) always dreamed about, bitterly at times on the brink of dissonance but still comes in at symphonic splendor, exotic surgery, a dream-like atmosphere where material considerations are no objects, travel characters as if By magic from one place to the next, the dialogue is sparse, waves and suggestions, the art direction is close to celestial arrangement, flowers appearing at the humblest hut or tent, the heroine's wardrobe is inexhaustible and all the male characters are either aristocracy, saints, condemned but sinners, mysteries or poets. <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! Presentation of MGM's DVDs in this film is making faulty bone. The slow bit rate at all, the color registration almost always perfect with the 2.0 sound mono really does justice to Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penetration. <br /> <br /> A historical note on this kind of "subject": the following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visible inspired by the "Garden of Allah", directed "Carnet de Bal", where a very same dress-horse butter -to-melt-in-mouth heroine (widow after taking care of a sick husband at the end of the extremity of some alpine lakeside romantic villas) to discover what he missed by looking up the male dancers in the first dance book li. He found them all the time, only to realize that whatever feelings had at one point between him and himself was either misunderstood, overestimated or else there was a tragic consequence of life. It was Duvivier's cynical way to be careful about the impossibly idealistic notion that we all need to grow sooner or later.
