Hearing back in 1936 must have been stunned by what they watched: a full-fledged, beautiful full length film Technicolor. I can not say for sure, but this may be the first one (3-strip). At any rate, it still looks nice over 70 years later on DVD. In fact, just how good it looks is amazing. Kudos for these have gone from Director Richard Boleslowski, Director of Virgil Miller Photography, Selznick International Pictures and, for the DVD - MGM Entertainment House. All of them combine to give us one of the best-looking films in the classic-era age. <br /> I think the story was so-good: excellent in the first half, stagnant in the second. He gave a nice message to the end, though a lot of people might not have been happy with it. I can not say much more without these things. Marlene Dietrich never looked best, I do not believe, and certainly never played as a soft-hearted character ("Domini Inflected"). Heart-pulling Charles Boyer was the star of men and Domini's objects of affection, but some of the minor characters were most interesting to me. People like Joseph Schildkraut as "Batouch;" John Carradine as "The Sand Divine;" The most memorable, at least, was the dancer "Irena," played by Tilly Losch. Wow, have a face and a dance you will not quickly forget! I have never seen anything like it in the thousands of films I've seen. Just saw her doing things worth the price of the DVD. Looking at her IMDb summary, she was only in four cinemas, but were all well-known films. Basil Rathbone, the actor who really became famous for playing "Sherlock Holmes," is also in here as is C. Aubrey Smith, another British folk actor in his day. Schildkraut, by the way, will be recognized by classical film enthusiasts as the man who played the buffoon sales officer in the great hit, "The Shop around the Corner," and Jimmy Stewart and Margaret Sullivan. The beautiful direction, photography and color, and Tilly's dance, are the things I'll remember best about this film that are a lot of good and not-so-good things all rolled into one. There were hours in the last half was better - although I admired the finish - I'd rated it even higher. It's definitely one movie collector wanting to add to the collections.
