I discovered this movie after reading the book that inspired it. It is not a biographical biographical film; It is "based baseline" on the facts. But I found it a compelling and unusual exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault provided an unforgettable performance as Dr. Petiot. <br /> There are many memorable images of this movie; Petiot travels through the night like a vampire, his black black flapping behind him, is almost iconic. There are also several touches of expressionism - croaking silhouettes Petiot mounting the stairs leading from the cellar where the remains of their victims are waiting for ice cream, remind me of some scenes in 'Nosferatu'. The main appeal of this film to be aural. This band is packed with ominous sounds, starting with the foreboding music of the opening credits, accompanied by wordless lamenting. Petiot lives and runs his medical practice in a complex with many small shops, and there is a persistent background noise in the knife being sharpened somewhere, as well as a peddler playing strange tunes on a view. There are noisers as well - the garde holds a goat, unseen cat flowing - and later in the movie we see the noise of ancestors being eliminated in an underpass. The whole atmosphere is unsettling, with obston in violence and killing. <br /> <br /> Not only animals, but human voices are often heard - the shouts of Gestapo victims, Petiot's patient in waiting room, controlled by a listening device, just the same as the collaborators Suspected after the war controls the cells. Even the action of the film is often arranged to listen to the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot goes to see Mme Kern, we hear her song as she works, her voice echoes in the theater before we ever see him. And even when she appears, she is often filmed in the back, her voice calls her husband, whose voice calls him in conversation. Absorbent voice echoes in large halls, with their masters, when they see all of them photographed in a distance, so we can not actually see them speak. This is a ghost story, and these are the voices of ghosts - many of them victims of the next Petiot. But Petiot himself is often only a voice; Fear him echo as he retired from the camera, sending his comment behind him or in the air nobody. In a way, it is as much a ghost as these killers. It is still frankly occupied, trotting from scheduling appointments, never in rest. But his activity is that of a car - lifeless and unforeseen. It is interesting that among all the horrors and dangers of busy Paris, Petiot alone is unafraid; It is amused, enthusiastic, upset, irritated, despicable, but never scared, unlike the real people he attracted to their deaths. It is no surprise that he has many of his mechanical inventions, including an eternal motion vehicle (a true detail of the book - he claims to have invented many cars); It's a sort of machine ever to motion itself. And mechanical imagery is everywhere in the movie, from the giant opening wheel of the movie Petiot's bike, (and its squeaking wheels echoes the sound of sharpening knives), the Victrola he holds winding up music before he was to kill. Even her routine and her victims are mechanical - write a note to your wife, let me disguise you before leaving, you need a vaccine, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - as a well oil machine, the routine is Still the same, just as the file is still the same. <br /> <br /> Maeder, the author, said he was the mechanical perfection of his crimes that weighed so heavily against Petiot in his trial. His system was as smooth and efficient as a Nazi concentration camp, and this may be why the film invented a subplot of Petiot's involvement with the French Gestapo and the Nazis occupation. Unfortunately, he does not quite work as part of the story, because it's very hard to figure out just what Petiot is doing for the collaborators, or what's going on when he's up to the headquarters of the night. Destructive Body? Hiding the stolen goods? It's hard to say, and harder to believe; It is not likely that the state would turn into an independent such as Petiot. But he reminds us of the duality of evil; Petiot is a thief and a murderer, but he is also a father devoted to husband. As we learned that Hitler loves dogs, and that the Nazis are guilty of the worst war crimes they might also love fathers and family members, so we must recognize that Petiot can make horror of horrors and still function normally. His madness is unlikely to camouflage by the frenzy and terror of the situation during war in Paris; When kill, steal, and disappearances are all around, nobody pays attention as Petiot launches more corpses on the deck.
