I saw this film at Film Festival Film Toronto. I liked that, and not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary on a group of young Tibetan teenagers who try to raise one of the top Everest sisters. Now this kind of thing is usually a can not miss. Inspiration. Movement. Pretty standard, right? And even if the movie was just that, I would still love it. But it was so much more. Blind himself, German Saber Tenberken has established a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, as evidence that someone has done bad things in a previous life. Many of the kids at school have shunned their lives, and at best, is a burden to their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shared with them the history of American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind man to reach the summit in Mount Everest. She sent her a letter to visit her students. Instead, it comes with a plan. He will arrange an expedition to raise 23,000 feet of Lhakpa Street and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabers get six unwanted participants and this is when the fun begins. <br /> <br /> Erik the team is mostly Indian, especially boys, and especially contemplated. As experienced Alpinists, they are kind of personality, very gung-ho and purpose-oriented. Sabers are European, female, and blind, and students for her are more than a "project," no matter how well intended. In addition, students are Tibetan, and are not old enough or trusted enough to stand up for themselves. As the expansion unfolds, they become pawn in between the two "adult" places, wanting to please both, while at the same time wanting to get the trust from achieving. As an additional obstacle (other than being blind, that's), they speak English as a second or in most cases, a third language, and struggles to understand and make oneself understand. that none of the students have any experience that is climbing, and that some are more coordinated than others, it begins to unravel Erik's original plan for all of them to reach the summit together. As both students and teachers begin to suffer from high altitude effects, decisions must be made as if they continue on or send some down the hill. Among altitude effects is increasing irritability, and you can see how this conflicts between adults. At the risk of oversimplifying, on one side are those for the destination is all, and on the other are those who just want to enjoy the trip. I will not tell you how it all turns out, except to say that this was one of the most surprising and thought-provoking stories I've seen in a long time. The movie also tricks bits into each climber's story in the narrative, and this has been gravely needed, since once on the climb, kids tend to keep themselves down and mouth shut. And all the drama will be on their side, which was not surprising. Retorneys are not good and heartbreaking turns, and I found it very strange that I found myself closer to tears at the start of the film than to the end. This was contrary to my expectations, and another nice surprise. <br /> In addition to all the human dramas to cover, Walker director and small crew he had sustained with the frigid conditions and oxygen-preventing himself, lugging equipment up the mountains and hoping he would not break. Like all major documentaries, the film maker was just lucky enough (or smart enough, or prepared enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and he captured a very special story that has as much to say about those who want to do "what is best for the kids" as it does on the kids themselves.
