There is an episode of the Simpsons that has a joke news report referring to an army training base as a "Killbot Factory". Here the comment is simply a part of an erotic joke, but Patricia Foulkrod's documentary shows us, especially, that it is not far from the truth. After World War II the American Army decided to attack a problem faced by the war; that many soldiers went into battle and found themselves totally able to kill someone else unless it was a question of 'me or them'. Since then the training process of the U.S. military is to remove all moral scruples and turn recruited to kill cars that do not think of as fighters as humans. To develop in them a most unnatural state: "Promote the durable to kill". First, this is not a antiwar film as such. While it certainly paint wars in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses rather on an aspect that does not get as much media attention as, say, the debate about legality of a war or physical success or failure; Affects the process of turning a man into a soldier has on that person as a human. It is the paradox that forms a person for a soldier to defend society to make them totally unsuitable for living as part of society itself, and most of the examples and interviews are from the current Middle East conflict felicity link In recent conflicts, especially Vietnam, is unduly veiled. This is not about any particular war, it's about the issues caused by war in general. The structural film seems to be divided into three sections; how recruits are drawn to the army and the training they receive, how to treat once in combat, and what happens once they leave the army. Once this point occurs you realize that the main target of this film is actually the inherent rules of the forced force, the policies put in place to make soldiers in a combat force but to remove all humanity from the people. Those interviewed tell the camera how the recruiting process looks so neat and simple, how words like "democracy" and "freedom" are banded around, but once the training begins to become "enemy" and "kill" and "destroy". How once a soldier action does not care what they have ordered to do, as they have tuned to the idea that as soon as they carry out an order, whatever it may be, they are one step closer to home you. They have no political or social ideals to fight for but fight and kill as that which they have trained to do. <br /> But the main objective of Ground's truth is to emphasize how the United States Army overthrows those who fight for their country once they return home. There are no real rehabs given to soldiers returning, and many are forced to go home to deal with what they have seen and do, and most politics in place seem to ensure that the army has no legal responsibility whatsoever For psychological affects the soldiers collected. This is the final indigenous, that once they used to throw them. <br /> If there is a flaw in the movie it is that Foulkrod does not try to show another side of the argument. You would get the impression that every single soldier who ever went to war would return to Traumatic Stress Post Syndrome. It would be interesting to see those in a ?? Less liberal breakthroughs provide insights about how the army handle training and regulations. There is never a chance for the other side of the argument to make himself known. But other than this is a craft documented manufacture, and used the stock footage of music footage and music perfectly used to get through a side of war that is too often to get passed by when discussing Fallout in War.
