"Descent." Yeah. Boy ... I have not seen anything powerful and scintillating since Bruno Dumont, "Twentynine Palms" (2003). (By the way this film is not to be confused with another recent pic on the topic of the "empowerment", "The Descent" (2005), directed by our Splat Package partner, Neil Marshall, who also happens to be a great talent of his own right.) But back to "this descent," NC-17 rated (uh-oh) efforts on which Mrs. Dawson's beautiful take a credit to the producer (congratulations) and directed by Talia Lugacy (strong luck is not a real name), as well as it is (at the time), it will not be appreciated by most people lying out because the script is very flawed. As a producer, you really need to tighten that script. Of course, at home alone, you have the promise of rising conflicts, but there is always lying in it's work to achieve rising conflict. At times, this stuff plays an interesting piece of experimental theater and, well, I guess I'll let the others who have already commented here talking to the rumor of it, namely what happened in the second act - but to get me a second non-boring act? There is also this 22 Catch that goes along with the quasi-independent films such as "Descent" in which Rosario happens to be attached to himself and taking it "fame-identity" to get a script of production that would, in normal circumstances, not get made at all while at the same time it is basically a bad in the movie movie. Rosario Dawson is gorgeous and, apparently, you can shoot this girl from just about any angle all day long, but, oh, wow-way, how fast the time just slips away: Rosy is no longer no bachelor . This is part of confusion about the scenario: "Is it a graduate student? A TA? No, graduates do not really have that kind of calm and soccer player, are they?" Once again, if you are Rosario Dawson, Executive Producer, is one of many, many aspects of the professional film process you'll have to think about as you embark on this wonderful new role in your movie career. But if you do not have the answer why you're film is not convinced, let me tell you: there is a boatload with a savvy of living, well-qualified, undergraduate age talent, pining to get involved in the business, who would There may be nail-down characters, all the while looking just as darn good as you know who; but unfortunately without Mrs. Dawson-not honey, NO money. I said, the camera department did an exceptional job, however, because this film is really quite injection (literally) in its darkest darkness. The night scene looks wonderful; One can tell everyone music videos are starting to pay and play in time ... the shooting / framing is all quite good that makes the picture a rewarding look. <br /> <br /> "Descent" is not great. However, I have a feeling, thanks to NetFlix, this movie will find a life of its own. I hope this group will continue to film. If you are in experimental American film-making, imagery prints implosibly implicitly well-formed (or drop pattern droplets) in their early twenty, or if you are an undergraduate, just plain angry at the aggressive menus men who compose less than half at your American University, the "Rosario Dawson's Descent" might taste you at RockaRoll.
