I rent this movie simply because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to look at her with my friends and 6 minutes from us stuck in our chair. Not because of any intensity of these 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no sting a material; movie. He drew you to slowly, reeling you toward a tragic human fate. Some people think they love film, but sadly make mistakes. They love movies; Fun entertainment for entertainment alone. Transformers Michael Bay and the likes they produced for just this audience. No need to think of people, just watch and allow all the time stereotypes we can think of slowly dissolving into your brain. We will even put advertising throughout the movie, keeping you buying our product. And remember the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we distinguish the art, it's fun, but it's also thought provoking and moving in hidden ways. Entertainment is rarely rogue and even then only arbitrarily. The films are fun. Descent is a movie. Movie is art. <br /> If you still house a soul in the flesh-bag market, this rape scene is every bit as powerful as "Irreversable". The distinction here is that "irreparable" was a violent riot scene involving two people whose paths were unfortunately crossed the wrong side with hell. "Descent" is on the date of rape. No less disgusting. No less trampled. Just different. This is about confidence violations, soul deserts and the marks that run deep. There was the character "Maya" conspired to be a hot sex scene. But seeing how desperate to escape, the scene is disgusting. "Jared" is a violent and serious manipulator, and it is utterly disturbing because it is quite similar to a passionate love affair. How could "Maya" ever be close to someone once even in the middle of violating the "Jared" slick boy lover facade only ever hints of slip? It is also ruined. The movie as a whole is beautiful. The camera work and lighting at times remove the settings and focus everything on "Maya" and silently inside the functioning of his mind. All this is accomplished by Rosario with facial expressions and gestures. The soundtrack was excellent, a mix of everything. Particularly my favorite scenes were a synchronism of all of the film working aspects together; "Maya" dances in a sea of ​​writhing body, something inside his awakening, gets acquainted, all wearing a pretty sad Jeff Buckley tune. <br /> I do not think I was really spoiled here but I stood before me. Bottom line, I think this was the best movie in 2007, but down. Unfortunately it seems that everyone is so jaded these days that if you do not hack and cut, gang rape, or nuke anything then people just can not be bothered. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. Only the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst thing that never happened left you. They are always in your mind. When you shower; when you brush your teeth; when you buy a Christmas gift, when you tie your shoes; they haunt you. They haunt you until this thing releases you. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie.
