Yesterday I went to the world premiere of "Descent" at the New York City Tribeca Film Festival. I had a great time. It was sold out and went through all the major stars including my fellow-spacer Marcus Patrick. <br /> I give the movie 7.5 starting from a possible 10 stars. begins with Maya (Rosario Dawson) in college. You can consider the typical college environment with wild parties and flirtations going on. The photography of this movie was excellent. He meets Jere (Chad Faust) and gets sweethearts. It looks like any other relationship from the beginning. The man is in the quest of the woman's attention and affection and the hard playing woman get. Both played this well. Very innocent airborne between the two. He invited him to his apartment, and everything fell apart. <br /> <br /> The apartment is very sound and dark. They eventually end in the basement which is very dark and lit by many candles. This actually reminds me of a dungeon. Here is where it shows its true color, its amount rushes. This is a very dark and fearless rape scene. This scene is not for young or weak in heart. The rape scene is a little time and hard to take, but it is necessary for the rest of the film to follow. Maya now begins to lose his soul of drugs and gender. He falls into his own pit. She starts going to the heated part of the party and wakes up one morning in a room with no recollection of how she's been there. He told them to see Adrian (Marcus Patrick). The first thing I remember about this character is that they say "he is the one who saves anyone who needs to save". It is actually one of those who introduce Maya drugs. They begin a relationship of dependence that comes to play later in the movie. The club scene at this point in the movie movie with extreme expertise. I thought that was well done and I noticed that the director of photography was applauded at the end of the show during the credit by the audience. <br /> <br /> Maya is then back to college as a TA and who is in her class - her jarring rapper !! You could see confusion and emotions on Mayan figures. What should I do? What should I do next? The shots of her face and emotions are priceless. <br /> What's next to is not actually what's happening. He acts in interest in Jared. It appears to be reviving the relationship and be sweethearts again. I sat there and said, this can really happen. It was not. There is nothing that can be beyond the truth. <br /> She invited her to her apartment and of course, she showed up. Now her apartment is black and bravest. It was him down completely. He thinks he'll get "lucky". She then teases her like any woman can. She's been caressing her everywhere and she is getting excited. Note :: for anyone planning on seeing this movie full of full-naked scenes - may not have the right viewer at least. <br /> It then turns the situation around it becoming the animal and money in his rape. Again, the scene is black, fearless, and very rough. <br /> <br /> If you are going to see the movie and do not want to know what happens next, skip this paragraph and go to the last paragraph. <br /> This is where Adrian reintroduces the picture. Maya has Adrian saved (?) Does not make incredibly rough sex with Jared. He thinks this is the final revenge. Adrian continues to take all Jared's maneuvers and does not dignify him. Marcus, as Adrian, plays this scene as credible as anyone can. He is a strong actor playing a strong character with the force out all over the screen. Following the film, during a Q & A session, Marcus explained that this scene requires a lot of confidence between himself and Chad. Mayan believes that this revenge will save him, but I do not think he does. One of the final scenes has a viewpoint on Mays's face and you see a tear roll of water under her blow. This was a fabulous surface scene and constant discussion boosts from anyone who goes to see this movie. Did he get the revenge he wanted? Was he satisfied as he expected ?? In my opinion, it does not. It only makes matters worse. This is an excellent movie, will be well-acting role, and I recommend it to anyone who thinks about it will see it. I would just be a little hesitant if under 17 years of age. Rosario, Chad, and Marcus should be commended to work well. Directly and photography should also be congratulated. It was a night that I enjoyed.
