No director I love more than Mamoru Oshii. But, unfortunately, though he has led quite a few films that have become international attention, there are still a few of his films that have slipped into the cracks. Tachiguishi is one of them, and even though I love it in bits, it's not hard to see why distributors in the West are somewhat reluctant to release it. In his great and serious film, Oshii is known for making some smaller and quirkier projects. While Tachiguishi definitely falls into this category, Oshii has really outdone itself with this one, creating something very hard to classify, as a Japanese freak flicker. Go face. <br /> At its very core lies a documentary by quite unlike Otaku No Video. But rather than making a fool of an existing subculture, Oshii invented his own and delves into the lives of culinary heroes, scrounging away foods for free and supporting Japanese culinary levels. Oshii's approach on the subject has close links with Dai-Nipponjin, as the topic is handled with a dangerous sense of gravity while the images on screen look as ridiculous as cases. Deadpan humor takes in the extreme. <br /> But not all, rather than simply shooting Oshii mockumentary she decided to do it using a new visual battery superlivemation. An unusual mix of live action, photography, digital animation and puppets on a stick. Made and Acting (or posing, if desired) by the major Japanese animation industry is no less, as the project was supposed to be as low-budget as possible. <br /> But if you think that just about covering it, knowing that the movie is very dialogue-heavy, making it a good companion piece for innocent. The influence of the grifters is to analyze all kinds of cultures, politics and even philosophical angles, being shot at the audience in a continuous stream of monologues and dialogues. And to make it even worse, the whole movie is completely isolated from current Japanese and custom history, making it even harder for an alien to get a good grip on the material. Needless to say, multiple watches are advised to make the best of all the details tucked away inside the movie. <br /> <br /> That said, on a conceptual level the movie's expression is easy to follow and already pretty hilarious. Various grifters are presented as being the most influential historic figures in post-war Japan. The movie plays as you would expect a serious documentary of any other important figures to unfold, but somehow large and crudely animated off-out photographic branches in which the figures are assembled by quite to make it all serious. The characters presented are Sublime, Shinji Higuchi takes the cake as cattle to put a nose ring while taking on the fast-food chains and gang of bulls / people. <br /> <br /> Oshii Regular Kenji Kawai provides, in addition to a very funny performance, a note from the atmospheric and dark wacky, odd and funny. A lot of fun is to be out of the exaggerated noise and effects, supplementing the animation and totally contradicting the tone of the rest of the movie. Visually the film is very atmospheric, even though it must be said that the animation is very rare and while effective, staying tone down, only to burst from peculiar singularity from time to time. Not exactly a bad thing, see how Tachiguishi is so dialogue-heavy. Despite this, the film is still a visual masterpiece as each frame looks absolutely lush and is tailored to match the overall atmosphere of the movie. <br /> <br /> Take precautions though, because Tachiguishi asks a lot of the viewer. If you do not speak Japanese, there is a lot of reading to be done and there are many cultural references that require some attention. On top of that, the monoliths in the film area are quite prolonged and hard to follow. The film still misses English translations and though my French has been largely enough to find that it was all about, I'm sure I miss many of the finer points in the movie. <br /> Tachiguishi is not an easy movie to get in, but around half it reaches steam full and does not let off out of there. I still hope to see once again with English or Dutch aboard. A dub would actually be best for a movie like this (much like Container), though I guess a quality animated dub is a bit too much to ask for. With all that said, I can only congratulate Oshii on another wonderful movie. It's rare to find a movie that mixes and combines many styles and influences to create something that's so unique and still working. The film is smart, resembling great sound and is full of rhythm and creativity. It is fun funny, though you can not catch all the details on the first look. But be sure to at least get this and decent decent, as the automated English translation that is floating out is completely worthless and the movie has no justice at all. <br /> Tachiguishi greeted at a very specific audience and I'm not surprised the French was released while the rest of Europe (and the rest of the Western world) is still waiting for a sign of this movie. But for those who love Oshii, appreciate humorous humor and deadpan and craving creative creatures, it is a movie that can not be missed, though it could just as well tackle. 4.5 * / 5.0 *
