Steven Spielberg (in 24) has already led two superb episodes in a 1971 series called "The Psychiatrist," starring Roy Thinnes. An episode was about an emotionally troubled 12-year-old boy and the other was on a young man (Clu Gulager at his best performance) who died of cancer. Both episodes were stunning, visually unlike anything else on television, and emotionally complex with adults. The creators of the "psychiatrist" were Richard Levinson and William Link, who created "Columbo" and also produced its first season. Peter Falk insisted on first rank, with television television experience for the first quarter of "Columbo", as Bernard Kowalski and Jack Smight. But Falk agreed with Spielberg after watching the episode of Gulagher Clu in the "Psychiatrist". <br /> <br /> Spielberg said on the DVD of "Duel" that he liked Steven Bochco in the "Kill by the Book" script (based on a Levinson / Link story), and tried to make production looks like a million dollar dollar feature, even thought it had a lot less money to work with. This epic of "Columbo" is far more visually stylish and makes the best use of the sound track and background music than almost any other "Columbo" episode, though the series still uses top directors. Spielberg managed to hold the big Falk and Cassidy from hamming it up too much, but both actors are still a lot of fun. Spielberg also gets fine job support from Martin Milner, Rosemary Forsyth and Barbara Colby. All performances have a freshness and vitality. The only "Columbo" episode that was close to being as well-directed is the Early Dawn "Early Dawn" and Patrick McGoohan (directed by Harvey Hart). <br /> I think the two episodes of the "psychiatrist" and this episode of "Columbo" suggest Spielberg has not been technically developing as much as a director. It was great in the beginning. In a "combat!" DVD DVD to an invite 1962 episode starring Albert Salmi, Robert Altman says that the episode was pretty much as good as he had ever received as a director. Maybe the same is true in Spielberg.
