This is the Columbo led by Steven Spielberg at an early point in his career. She has nothing sensational, but some little hint of the great things to come to Spielberg can be seen in this movie. The film is basically in the same style as most of the Spierlberg '70 movies and TV works. So this means that some characters tend to show some quirkiness and no I'm not just talking about the Columbo character alone. Types of quirkiness of characters maybe best seen in the movie Spielberg 1975 Mach. But other than some suggestions in the typical elements of Spielberg, you can not call this film-in-the-job with a good example of a rising director. Not that its bad, of course it is not but as I said earlier, it is also not too sensational. <br /> This movie started really well and very promising, but after fine, in which as always the murder occurred, the film became the most sluggish and dull look. Mat because it is mostly a movie by Kolumbo by the book that does not have real memorable moments in it, not dull because it's a boring movie to watch. The threat itself was well engineered and the concept of having a crime history writer who had killed partner writers has shown some great and interesting potential. The story however did not really explore all its possibilities. At least this feels that this movie leaves me with. The film was always a good thing to look at the character of Jack Cassidy, who thinks it's smarter then Columbo, due to his mystery / crime writing experience and trying to give him all sorts of possible suggestions lead away from himself. But of course Columbo knows best and her number is one suspect from the first moment on her hand as usual playing the game together. The film has a good overall style and uses some fine camera and correction positions. Funny to see that most of this was all mostly consistent with the game Spielberg's later, especially some of the camera-angles. <br /> A fine and perfectly watched Columbo movie, but do not let the name of Spielberg fasten up your expectations for it too much. <br /> 7/10
