This was the first television episode of the Columbo series (although it was filmed after "Death Hands") and announced one of the most successful television series in history. <br /> Jack Cassidy (who plays bandits in the series three times) enthusiastically entangled, arrogant and self-assured of the same measure here, as Ken Franklin, a half of a team writes mystery wielding an elaborate scheme killed by his partner, Jim Ferris (played by Martin Milner) who decided to terminate their professional relationships, leaving Franklin exposed as merely a good publicist rather than a prolific writer. <br /> <br /> The first murder in first set-up is fantastic and Cassidy's performance to facilitate a digging ass that he was the best Colonbo bandit in the series. Peter Falk is beautifully understated in his role as Columbo with its inherent character and oddities, which are outlined by a similarly-absorbed smile, contrast closely with Cassidy's character's extreme character: one of the early performances where Ken Franklin manufactures a motive for the murder of non-existent Jim Ferris exhibit-seen by identifying hit-operated men in the midfielder to show this very well. Franklin's suggestion of Columbo this potential motto with Columbo (intentionally or ignorant) neglected, forced Franklin to express his disappointment in a way that strongly patronized and compared him with the negative and detective in the books, Ms. Melville. <br /> <br /> Also, remarkable is the early contribution directly to 24-year-old Steven Spielberg. Although, some elementary inclusions of shadow actors and actress shadows, it adds some great stylish and elaborate support to the general professionalism of the episode. A particularly stark image is Jim Feriss's dead body lying on the complaint, almost dark in the foreground, as Ken Franklin raises his glass in the background after responding to a phone call distributed Ferris's phone. I have no doubt that working at a 10-14-day restriction schedule, Spieberg's efforts should not be underestimated. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the event of the second murder, necessity by a blackmail scheme which is drawn by a girl friend of Franklin (and ironically referred to as "sloppy" by Columbo in its climate summing up ) take the steam out of the whole thing. The cutting edge of the compromised plot and the screen time between Falk and Cassidy inexcusably decreased at this point maybe help the script-writer (Stephen Bocho) from a tight corner, since he can not singly develop the story without another kill people. <br /> <br /> The highest score is the most irritating aspect of this episode. The first interpreter and word exchange between Falk and Cassidy is strongly and effectively executed, but it simply advertises the fact that it should happen more in the episode. The main rise lies with the seal sign (if it can be called a sign): Cassidy's cockroach's hawks and arrogance amazingly expelled by a sign that really does mean his guiltyness; And once this is mentioned, it capitulates in a rather unspectacular and uncharacteristic fashion. <br /> <br /> All in all, a bold opening of the series, which inevitably advertises and foretells all that is good about Columbo, and, conversely, the problems associated with these intelligence, ie maintaining standards High and particularly, create a credible and inappropriate intelligent finish.
