For you that the Beatlemaniac that I am, I approached Two of us with a combination of fear and passion. When you saw 'in his life: John Lennon's story,' I was very concerned that the two of us will turn out not the best. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris look absolutely none like John Lennon and Paul McCartney ?? even with some make-up and proper hairstyles ?? did not help one bit. <br /> But I was more than a bit surprised. It's probably thanks to the participation of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who directed him to be in the 1970s and probably knew John and Paul well, that the characters and dialogues came through as convincing as they did. (Writing credits for Two Of Us are given a man named Mark Stanfield, whom I know absolutely nothing; I feel confident that Lindsay-Hogg director has more than done a bit with the script.) Two of us are by a biography of the Beatles; It has very little draw, in fact, and it takes place all in one day in New York City. What he did was to imagine a meeting between Jan and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. This meeting is entirely articulated, of course ?? even though it can not really be denied that such a meeting actually took place. But in what conversation imagined it gives us a glimpse of the personality of these two great makers ?? intelligence, sense of humor, different responses to limbs, and most of all their relationships; What made them like a great team, and that was broken. <br /> Since it's a talk show, there are not many except for dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half, it is possible to do all but true fans of the Beatles; but it is a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling, and is both informative and touchy. For those who are interested in these two great music, very fast you will find on the trauma of how different actors look at their counterparts and feel like John and Paul have come to life ?? So intimate and convincing is the script, and so committing them to the actors. Two of us give you priceless insight into the lives of two geniuses, and a story that is both sad and funny. Certainly recommended.
