The excellent Georgian film by Georgi Danelia, Ne Goryuy (1969) aka does not fear it is based on the novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844). The novel "Oncle Benjamen" novel takes place in the 18th century Century France. The French Revolution is still ahead, but some of its storm signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local physician is a soul of a local society, educated, friendly, democratic, who often treats the poor for free. He does it very popular with the locals, but most certainly does not help with his bank account. She is in love with a beautiful manette who is also crazy about her, but is being watched well by her father who called her daughter "her small capital" and is determined to protect her girls until that moment The marriage contract was signed ... I never read the book, and out of its description sounds like a very French Frenchman very much but I'm fascinated with the results of moving the characters and some trace elements from 18th-century France at the beginning of the 20th-century Georgia-Grusiya. I would think that it was Danelia who came up with all the colorful memorable characters that feel very much at home in his Georgian-Georgia native, the country of long and wonderful traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine, talent rare music that all Georgians seem to possess, very unique humor, and high ropes in honor. When we watched the movie last night with my husband, she said, what a great example of a Art movie, and I am so agree with him. Do not worry is a perfect filmmaking, visually beautiful, deep, but funny, sad and philosophical but never in an arrogant but optimistic way, celebrating life with all its beauty and sadness, full of interest, love irony and understanding for its slightly unique but very human character. What's the most important, the movie is warm and gentle, it does not look down at its viewers as some of the art make pictures. You do not have to have a movie scrub for her to love her, to live with her, to smile and sigh in her, to follow the good-hearted Benjamin doctor (first role in a Danelia film of famous singer and actress Wachtang Kikabidze and Danelia would go on to make two more films as one of ever favorites, Mimino) on his trip to the roads and mountains of Georgia. Or to be a guest on one of a good party where friends are picked up to celebrate life at the old Levan doctor who wanted to make a guest on his own wake, listening to his friends saying about him when he dying while she is still alive, and who gets to choose which color she prefers for her coffin. When I watched the movie I thought it was a sort of movie that Federico Fellini might like. I was not surprised to find the article on Danelia where he named Fellini's number one director. I also found that according to Danelia, the famous Soviet director, Leonid Gaiday (the creator of many dear comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary I have not presented to Danelia's other favorite movie, Fairy Tale about American Boy Huck Finn, often propashchiy) felt and spoke negative about not malicious while Fellini praised her very. I dare go a little further and just guess that maybe Maestro Fellini keep in mind some images with the Aura so much and the atmosphere does not worry when she did Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something essential connected both films. Both artists turned to the roots, in which they love deeply, in the people they remembered, loved and wanted to honor. Both films have a lot of tears in tears. Both are art movies that would get directly to the hearts of the viewers. Both are masterworks. <br /> I think I'll add Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He did some of the brilliant pictures of my favorite genre of dramatic, even tragicomedi that are funny and bitter sweet, intense and subtle, ground and uplifting, gentle and shining. When I watched the list of the films he wrote / directed, I was amazed at the fact that he had not made a bad one movie since he started back in 1960 and the award winning story of a boy, Seryozha . Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites, as I'm sure they are among the hosts of their fans. The man behind 'Seryozha, Sovs propashchiy (1972) is an adaptation of Mark Twain Adventures in Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskv (1964) aka Walking streets in Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969) aka mourning, Afonya ( 1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy Marafon (1979) aka Marathon Autumn or Sad Comedy which is a very tight title for this movie as well as for the entire genre that Danelia practically invented, and the favorite cult for over 20 years Kin-Dza-Dza (1986), is brilliant and deserves our true love and genuine recognition for unforgettable moments of early cynicism.
