WWE needed a Savior as Wrestlemania 14 rolling around. The departure of Bret Hart and the subsequent evaporation of the Hart Foundation has left the unchallenged D-Generation X sick of the WWE. The jumble leaders Shawn Michaels stole the title from Hart's thanks to the intersection of Vince McMahon and, with the help of its Triple H and Chyna coordination, was systematically taken to anyone who challenged his supremacy. But in the Royal Rumble a new contender has appeared. Stone cold Steve Austin. Hate by McMahonagement, Austin had DX worried. So worried in fact that they would mobilize the help of "The Baddest Man on the planet" Mike Tyson as a special Enforcer. Austin would have been fortunate enough to admit to his title with Shawn Michaels. But first, there was an undercard to get into that chase and the Legion of Doom had a forgettable 15 Royal team fighting to become NO.1 contenders for their tag titles. I would actually forget that this game existed until I got the PPV. Not very good and really marks the lack of depth of the tag division in this period of time. <br /> <br /> Next match saw the heavy light title defended by Taka Michonoku champion against Aguila. The web has set up the light heavyweight title in competition with the big cruiserweight division of WCW. It did not succeed and this was just the title title ever defended by Wrestlemania. Short match, go about five minutes, and in fact too short for many to be achieved. What little was done was interesting and this was a pretty little match that saw Taka retaining his title. <br /> <br /> OK, next match we've seen DX member Triple H defend the European European title, which he would have had in farcical fashion from Shawn Michaels on RAW in December and did not defend on PPV, against Owen Hart, the sole survivor. Trip H had a great entrance with the DX group having to sing his theme song. Chyna accompanied Triple H at ringside, but then was handcuffed to WWE Commissioner Sgt killed. Trip H and Owen have a nice little match, before Chyna interferes with causing a low blow on Hart that leads to Triple H maintaining the title. Good matching, great could have gone a little longer. <br /> But of course we would not want to take time away from our next match that saw real life husband and wife Marc Mero and Sable defeat to Goldust and Luna Vachon in the first match of the Wrestlemania Wrestlemania tag in 8 years. And, in all honesty, he was not worth the wait. While not awful, the match was in no way memorable either. This was close to Mero's end only running at the WWE and the main goal continued to disintegrate in his relationship with Sable. <br /> <br /> Next up we saw Ken Shamrock flipping out and listening to himself the Intercontinental couple as he destroyed the IC champion Rock but then refused to let go of his ankle ankle butt closed, causing the referee to overthrow his decision. This was a short match, but decent for what it was. <br /> And saw the first good match of the night as the WWE Tag Team Champion bans New New loses the titles of Jack and Cactus Charlie in a romantic match romantic. The decision was reversed that night as Cactus and Chumps had thrown away for a garbage downstream, rather than one of them being used to the match, but this was still a fun game. <br /> <br /> NO it was time for highly anticipated first ever meeting between Kane and his brother Undertaker. Kane has listened to the Undertaker WWE Championship at the Royal Rumble and then "killed" him when he helped Shawn Michaels shut Undertaker into a casket and put it on fire as revenge for Undertaker's burning down parental home and let her horribly disfigure previous years. This was a decent match and told a nice story as the Underataker absorbed everything Kane might throw at him and then knock him out with three graves at the end of the match. <br /> <br /> This left only the main event that saw WWE facing champion Steve Austin and Mike Tyson as the Enforcer invited. Michelle suffered a weakness back injury to match the Undertaker of the Royal Rumble and was remarkable in matching this despite his physical limitations. Trip H and Chyna were banned from the back early on after interfering from the outside. The match ended with Austin ducking an attempt at Sweet Music Chin and hit the Cold Stone Stunner and the ref down. TYson then entered the ring counting three, celebrating the win with Austin and then knocking Michaels after the match. It turned out Tyson and Austin were joined by the cat playing with the mouse altogether. That was the final match for Shawn Michaels for four and a half years. He helped establish Austin as the largest star of the struggle business with the main advertising garnered by Tyson's appearance proving a crucial point turning into WWE's battle with WCW. Austin would go to become the biggest star in WWE, along with the Rock, Mick Foley, Undertaker and Triple H to bring the WWe into the period where they would get the highest levels of cultural importance. And it all started here at Wrestlemania 14.
