This movie works because it feels so genuine. The story is simple and realistic, perfectly capturing the joys and anxieties of adolescent love and sexuality that all of us have experienced during our teen years. The actors are as natural as figures in a documentary, but they are as persuasive and as charismatic as seasoned performers. The dialogue is fresh and honest ... and fortunately does not fill the rubber with pop culture pop culture. Also, the movie is at once frightening and beautiful, bringing Lower East to the environment of life in a very tangible way. On an artistic level, I love this movie because it reminds me of great Italian neo-realism movie as the bike thief and La Strada. Movies rarely feel like "real" as it does ... or as stealing thieves did. And only the other movie I saw to treat teenage sexuality with the same level of gravity is the Splendor Elia Kazan in the Grass. Writer / director Peter Sollett deserves great praise. This film is quite a success. At a personal level, I am always happy to see a movie that treats members of ethnic America with love and respect. As an American Indian, I hate the way my own people come to the cinema (as racist, feminizing, criminal geniuses of irritating spice popular), and my engaging on this count makes me acutely susceptible to other groups with the terrible screen agents representation. Hispanic and Asian in particular looks curse playing bandits in the west and action films. (Good Gong It did not try to become famous in America!) Of course, thanks largely to the picture of Indie, with the influence of Miramax, we see a few more pictures of ethnic characters here and there ... but Poze Victor Vargas is Easy one of the best. While I really love my fat fat wedding, it's a refreshing change that pose Victor Vargas to play right (with less exaggerated and widely-drawn characters) while still being very funny in its own right. Finally! Latin characters deserve to be noted. I have a feeling that this is a movie that will be remembered. <br /> Of course, now that she made this wonderful photo about a family from the Dominican Republic, I hope that Peter Sollett gets around to make a movie about Italy soon! :) - Marc DiPaolo
