This is a movie that has eluded me so far, but now that I have watched it, result as one of the biggest entries in the noir style. As usual with the DivX format, the view was far ideal ?? Marked by the occasional video and (mostly) audio puppets ?? but given that the movie is still available on R1 DVD, this will have to be done for this moment. Since the film's reputation is very high in the genre itself, I assume that the reason behind this oversight is because it does not have a well-known actor in the lead. <br /> Along the way, enter the tear of the nominal film movie ?? Franchot Tone ?? Pack quite a box (especially as it shows to be the villain from the first)! Tone was a counterfeit actor ?? He was rarely given meaty role, and this may well be his best (to make his paranoiac both captivating and believing dangerous). Lead Girl Ella Raines, who later appeared in the British Forces (1947) as well as Siodmak's own SISPOR (1944) and AFFAIR at the UNRYLE HARRY (1945) core? is quite nice and robust to take on the role of the secretary of distress from proving his condemned boss (Alan Baxter) innocent to brutal brutal wife. Other key support parts were explained by Thomas Gomez as a police officer initially but finally sympathetic, and Elisha Cook Jr. the pretty guy genre of falling? as a sick man "lady" of a perpetrator. <br /> Like Jules Dassin Growing Force, Siodmak was on a roll at this point in his career and this movie definitely benefited in his superb direction? ? all inclined angles and terrific set-pieces, including the jazz sequence justified in which Cook manually beats on his drum into a sexual frenzy brought on by the sluttishly-lured rains (who put on an act to get his attention ', he eventually driven him to confess that he was holding proof of the investigation that spring lover could resign him from prison). Another big, long sequel is one of which rain follows a bartender (another unkooperative witness) on the streets of New York ?? That's the result of being taken down by a car! <br /> <br /> Notable, too, is the sequence of trial ?? which is entirely shown to the audience's reactions for judges, jury, witnesses and D.A. Never actually saw (although the judge's voice is acknowledged by actor Samuel S. Hinds). The masterpiece of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the criminal involved, and the inspector put down in the letter as mentally searched to initially Tangab Tone "dizzy spells". Extra in suspense finds Raines alone and the tone of his apartment, where he discovers evidence of his guiltiness ?? and confessed that he had an affair with Baxter's wife, but he killed her when she would not desert her husband for her. <br /> <br /> By the way, I hit a little bit of the movie: while history is clearly set in 1943, I noticed that during the taxi ride ride towards the beginning of the movie ?? in which Alan Curtis escort tunes in the theater ?? The shotgun established in New York (including clearly in stock footage) features a promotional promotion Laurel and Hardy's 1938 comedy music, SWISS MISS! Incidentally, renowned mystery writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel about what was based on using a pseudonym.
