Alan Curtis has a loud, argument-bound argument with his wife, slams from his apartment, it was a night of drinking with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (run by Andrew Graves, in a beautiful villainous part for a change), and return to find his wife killed by the police, led by Thomas Gomez waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - that he and that mysterious lady - fall because everyone can think of (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims there was never anyone. She ends up no alibi, although her secretary (who secretly loves her) Ellen Raines believes her. Condemned after a trial, he awaits the death sentence. Rain starts to go after the truth, discovering that Gomez has some doubts in his own. He also found an ally of a Curtis friend, Franchot Tone, who was apparently out of town night of the crime. Does it clear Curtis in time? THE PHONEY LADY is based on a novel by William the Irish (Cornell Woolrich's great writer). As a movie fan knows other works by Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT has an eye eye, RIVE window, no one in his own) someone can not assume what's really on the surface anywhere. Woman missing a seller can not actually upstate, send him messages that he has come to, if he still has his or her jewelry. The mentalist can really predict tragedy - or was it murdered by his old partner, now a millionaire oil? Is there a leopard killing young women, or does wealthy city actually hide culprit? Is the virgin, claiming to be the wife of a brother who died on a wreck train, is actually an imposter? Here she is raining with Gomez (with a tune of assistance) trying to prove Curtis saw a woman whom she will admit to - and if she saw her, why is no one else able to remember her? The problem with the story really is Curtis's personality - it's given too easy to find guilty of the crime he did not commit. In fact any innocent person should scream at the moment they are executed. However, in defense of Curtis's collapse, he also came to the other of various films: Gary Cooper, at MR. DEEDS goes to TOWN, so disgusting on his sideways he gets as delusional and crazy by Douglas Dumbrille and his serpent he does not defend himself first, until those who would depend on his help call out their fears in the courtroom and Its essence is responsive to responsibility. But Curtis just seems to give up. Under normal rainfall, Gomez, and everyone else would not care if Curtis did not. <br /> But the movie continues to live this weakness. The slow motion of lies by witnessing bribes by the real killer allows two set pieces for rain and tombs on a deserted platform bred with Elisha Cook in a jazz session. Gomez turns out more sensitive than the villain hopes to double check her alibi again. And the villain manages to keep a little ahead of rain and Gomez until the minutes are concluded in the movie. If not like a big movie like Demble Indemnity or POSTMAN in all EARTH or FALCON MALTESE earrings, it holds just fine until the Curtis moments and rains are gathered at the end.
