This has no better case film in the era, but it features a great mystery conspiracy, the atmosphere that has no common and some good performance at its smallest cast member. Robert Siodmak, the talented director behind the mystery / horror classic 'spiral staircase' directed this film two years earlier than the aforementioned film, and shows a real flair of creating a black and brooding atmosphere as well as creating a two intriguing and fascinating viewers. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; a man is married to a woman she does not like. It takes a lady in a big hat at a single night bar, and two agree to a 'no strings attached' to night in fun. However, he then returned home to find his apartment infested by police officers and soon found that the reason is because his wife was choked with one of his neck ties! She is afraid to find that no one she saw while with the mysterious woman can remember her, and of course the jury sent her down to murder her. However, luckily for her beautiful female employees gets on the case ... <br /> <br /> The plot moves along nicely at all, and unlike many of the best known noir, this one features a very few killers that make the procedures more interesting. In fact, if it was not for the fact that he did in the quarantine and injections of black and white, I would swear Phantom Lady was an Italian Giallo! Central characters are all interesting enough, and Alan Curtis provides a good portrayal of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines was effective as the female detective impromptu. The real stupid of the movie, however, is Franchot Tone, who gives a memorable performance as the crazy villain of the piece. The film also features a role to support extraordinary actor Elisha Cook Jr., which features play drums in the most memorable movie segment. If I criticized this movie, I would say that the identity of the murderer reveals a little too early - although Phantom Lady deserves some credit on that front for the original she goes on. The conclusion is satisfying and everything makes sense (which is amazing to consider the easy scheme line) and in general, Phantom Lady is surely one of the greatest and most under-seen noir ever made!
