Man, this is a hard DVD to come up. I could find it only on Region 2, a Spanish import, and it was expensive. <br /> <br /> Was it worth it? Well, yes. Not so much because he is a masterpiece of performing films, though directed by Curt Siodmak (credits on his IMDb.com "Robert", but Curt's DVD credits DVD), or because he has a couple of figures to know from Mystery kills other - Elisha Cook, Jr., and Thomas Gomez - but because my decadent-long curiosity on the movie was finally satisfied. Essentially, a self-respecting engineer (Alan Curtis) stood up by his alien wife and found herself in a New York bar and two tickets in her pocket. A woman with an unusual hat is on her next stool and she politely invites her to join her in the music review. He accepts, a little sleep. The mopey bartender gives them both eyes as they leave. <br /> <br /> At the show, the star storm warnings that this lady at the audience will wear the same hat with scenes of anger and anger. The drummer in the group, Cook, leers in the silk lady, but she has no response. Curtis takes woman at home and asks her name but will not give her, and she does not want to know her. If it were a Longfellow dedication he would have to say something about the boat last night. <br /> Okay, Curtis went home to find his wife assassinated in his absence. The top police officer, Gomez, turns to the DA. His only Alibi is that he and a Phantom lady have no other likes to remember - not the bartender, by the Latin star, by the taxi driver ("Al Alp"), by the drummer - and since the top lady he disappeared, it is impossible to dig it up. Curtis is convicted and sentenced to death. But Inspector Gomez thought things over and decided he was probably innocent because nobody had a brain would make up like a stupid story. She met Curtis's secretary, Ella Raines, to re-investigate the case informally. <br /> Visit the witnesses are supposed to be back. The menacing bartender runs on by a car, perhaps accidentally, so it is from the picture. Hot-tempting Latina has left because the show is closed and it is unkooperative and ignorant of the fountain of the hat anyway. Elisha Cook, Jr., is harassed by the real murderer but not before he is featured in a scene in which he reads the drums in a jazz band etc. Faced with a sweat, she thought an expression that does not suggest intense focus but rather a monstrous, orgasmic foliage. His eyeballs rolled into the ceiling, gripped his mouth, his hammer became frenzied. I laughed loudly. <br /> <br /> The personal performance is otherwise exceptional, but all are professional enough. Thomas Gomez is still reliable. Best performance, though, is probably not Franchot Tone. He's the real murderer and he's sorry he's alibi. It was reserved and artistic. Immediately bath it in decor. I do not know how to put this precisely but Tone seems to be thinking as well as simply acting his party. Alan Curtis as the innocent engineer is near zero on the kelvin scale and belongs to a B picture B. <br /> I do not know why it is considered classic. It's really your core mystery by Cornell Woolrich, not as good as some of his other people. But Siodmak's direction is sensitive. A man came running up with his hat wind up in a good lane and running water around him. Its use of shadows is slowly effective. <br /> My account has received it.
