Phantom Lady (1944) You: Robert Siodmak <br /> Production: Universal Pictures <br /> <br /> Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis), after a nasty and cracked battle with his wife, seems to drown his sorrow in holes in local watering. She has a woman's spy in a seemingly emotional state and, looking for some companies, asking her to attend a show in a club to find both the ideas on the issues. He agrees, but only on the condition that they keep their names in mind. Make sure when Scott gets home and finds the police there, waiting for his question. His wife was murdered. Where have you been at 8 am this evening, asking Inspector Burgess (Thomas Gomez)? But Scott has an alibi, right? Only he does not know the name of the woman. And the Bartender remembers Scott, but not the woman. Nor do the taxi driver. Neither the drummer (Elisha Cook Jr) at the club. Even the dancer of the club, which Scott clearly holds the look of the woman (they were both wearing the same hat), will not recognize there was someone with him. Something is happening, but whatever Scott is discouraged to defend himself in a trial and condemn it to kill his wife's wife (on the flimsiest evidence 'in Hollywood's history). He left his faithful secretary, 'Kansas' (Ella Raines), who later came along with a sympathetic Burgess inspector, to find out the real killers before Scott is executed. <br /> <br /> Phantom Lady is built on terms that are repeated, almost compulsively, to Woolrich's work. For example, the schizophrenic antagonist is also seen in Black Angel and the Leopard Man. In addition, the character has become mentally unhinged by the death of a romantic or spouse as found in the Black Rendezvous and Bride wearing the Black. It can leave a viewer feeling like it's treading on well-torn ground. But in their right hand, fever cemetery, regret dialogue, incarceration, all around the point. Fortunately, Phantom Lady was guided by sounds. <br /> This is Siodmak's first noir. He would go to distinguish himself as the one, if not, the excellent practices of the style (Killers, cross crosses). Here he is soon scared with Cinematographer Woody Bredell (they should be assembled on Christmas Holidays and The Killers). There are some great stories telling the camera. In one shot, the mental state deterioration of a character shown as it sits in front of a 3-way mirror, suggests multiple personality. The same character, who is an artist, has Van Gogh's self portrait and the hanging hanging hanging on the wall of his apartment. But that Siodmak and Bredell are really doing in Phantom Lady is practically creating the look for noir. Published in early 1944, it's all here; The wet pavement, the bags of atmosphere and fear, the critically burning b, the version of the expressionist expressionist reality (when Kansas visits Scott in prison), the roots are disordered in light, etc. It is a terrific picture to look at. /> <br /> Franchot Tone aside, throw in, as well as the subject and relative inexperience of the director (and presumably the budget), suggests film 'B' ambitions. I thought Tone was a little camera. Alan Curtis (High Sierra) is not up to many, and actually comes from very weak in a few scenes. Ella rain is especially good (and quite nice). His 'Sex Scene' and Elisha Cook Jr. so deliring it must be seen to be believing. Another exceptional scene is when Kansas goes after the bartender in his question. He amounts to a chase scene, as he relilly his dog on the streets, and a stop at a train station. There are some good strains in the. <br /> <br /> *** from 4
