I can safely admit (as an IMDb geek) that 'Phantom Lady' will never crack in my movie my top twenty. It may not even sneak into the top fingers. But rather than discrediting the film for not being as good as many other classics in the genre of genre film, it should be noted that 'Phantom Lady' has enough strong and lasting photo of it to make it look refreshing. All that is required of the viewer is the ability to get beyond the start of dreadfully slow down. The movie does not get cooked until 'Kansas' (Ella Raines) lays on trying to prove all but the single handedly innocent of his boss, Scott Anderson (Alan Curtis), who was convicted of murder. 'Kansas' is Anderson's secretary by day and detective amateur at night. As the novice sleuth does well for herself while working on the streets of New York at night. Little by little he begins to put pieces of a murderous puzzle puzzle together. To be honest, the film belongs to rain and it is only due to its presence that the film works well at all. Somehow it is able to breathe life into a movie about a not condemned man of the slightest. I'm not sure if this dynamic splintered into a leading character person gets the fault of the actor or director, but clearly this is where something gets strongly wrong with the movie. <br /> As exciting as rain is as a novice detective, things really accelerate to another hiding gear when 'Kansas' pays a late night visit to a wanderer drummer (Elisha Cook, Jr) in search of some information help her convict boss. He and the drummer paint the city a new red type while visiting the club "all nights". Try to describe this scene will either prove an injustice to the scene or get worse again, it could ruin the scene altogether. You will know the scenes once the last kilometer crash ended ringing out. If you are lucky enough to have this movie on DVD, you'll be much more likely to rewind this scene again and again. As good as rain is, it is the scene that makes this film remarkable. It's mostly because of this scene that I missed 'Phantom Lady' a 7 instead of a 6. <br /> For the most part this movie comes on as tepid and bizarre with a few big scenes and one beautiful scene . It is the 'drum / sex scene' that separates this movie from anyone else in the same ilk. <br /> And just like he says in the movie that "you never go wrong with vanilla", I would also like to add that "go with Vanilla" is the choice to fall safely to choice when one can not decide about having a tasteful treat. <br /> 7/10. Clark Richards
