The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel like it is completing a final fantasy: step in the shoes of Agent 007. "FRWL" comes closer to this goal than any other game, because this time you control James the real Bond. No offense at Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic bond with his voice borrowing and looks at "EON", but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and will never be anyone who comes close to its level of coolness. <br /> I must say at this point, like many others who have reviewed this game, that Sean 70 year old voice does not fit his 30-year old image on screen, and this takes some getting used to, but it's certainly worth it. He makes lines such as "Bond James Bond" and "shake, not head" in a great deal yet. But controlling Sir Sean as he takes on the wrong organization known as OCTOPUS is, as Bond said in "Octopussy", "only the tip of the tantak." The awesomeness of the game begins with the opening barrel barrel. It's the original barrel originally from the films. Then you take on the first mission, rescuing the Prime Minister's hottie daughter from terrorists in Parliament, and everything from the machines of clothing are perfectly retro. The world of the game is truly the world of the original James Bond, right down to the classic rock-n-roll pronounced in the James Bond theme that finally plays during a key time late in the game, as Bond infiltrates a secret factory . <br /> <br /> After opening the game, the plot faithfully follows the plot of the movie "FRWL." James Bond is sent to Turkey to retrieve a Lektor device from a Russian clerk stating that he has a break on it. In Turkey, teams team up and beautiful sidekick Kerim Bey. Bond must retrieve the device, protect the girl from distress, and get both safe back to London. Bond storyline Bruce Feirstein worked on the script, and he did a great job in making the game but different in the movie. The characters from the film are all recreated well, but some are better than others. The voices of bandits Rosa Klebb and Grant Grant are mysterious. And there is an early moment in the game where you interact with a Miss Moneypenny, M, and Q who all look and behave as they did in the original Sean Connery 007 films. <br /> What put this mil game ahead of the other Bond games, besides Sean's Sir Voice and similarities, are two remarkable features of the game play. One is bond bonded. While you can send strips simply by blocking them with one button and killing them with the other, an additional button push will allow you to pull in closer to a target and choose between Bond spots would shoot at, like a grenade attached to a belt that will send an enemy with a few of his friends or a rappel cord that will cause an enemy to stop diving into his death. The other remarkable feature is infiltration and slaughtering. When you're in close range, just hit a button to beat down an enemy with the raw brutality that only Sean Connery's Bond appears. Bond Bond Sean Connery has counted mainly on its raw and talented understanding, so you have only a few gadgets, but they're good people. The Q-Copter is a remote control helicopter that can self-destruct and explore Bonding areas can not happen, such as the Q-Spider of "EON", only the best. Look at classic laser is useful, not only to catch in sealed room, but excite enemies when you have no other weapons available. Sonic cuff links with a serum gun are more fun to play around with, but you have to experience them for yourself. In addition to the gadgets, you can go dressed Bond to a number of retro costumes found during the game, including the gray suit from the movie, the black Tuxedo standard, a retro infiltrate costume, and that classic white tuxedo, all that look exactly like they did when Sir Sean put them in the movies. When driving into the game, you drive the Aston Martin DB5 straight from "Goldfinger." It can not be invisible, but it has a gadget to blow up like rubber in the movie. But when you're not flying down the streets of Istanbul in the "Goldinger" car, you can fly through the air in the jet "Thunderball" package. Then there's the multi- player. Of course, he had to be compared to the standard of the game GoldenEye, and he failed. Also, you can only play Bond bandits rather than Bond itself or the other heroes of the game. But the multi-player is fun, with a decent bonus since the awesomeness of the single player campaign alone makes the game worth playing. The basic game does have other flaws. Some of the most exciting movies, particularly the campus skirt, the Bond Fight with Red Grant on Orient Express, and a confrontation between the Bond Shoes and the Rosa Klebb, are not fair in the form of games. And the game is a fast game, even on difficulty. But in general, this game is the best James Bond experience so far.
