I'm not a follower of a certain film genre. I rank film only as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film director of Jamie Blanks, following her Urban Legend. Unlike the Urban Legends Scenario and the story line is very weak. But again unlike the legendary urban elementary elements of the movie is so superb and iconic, and that is what makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the basic element and iconic first, the hatred grows in the serial killer so down-to-earth. Since her high school years, she has grown up with her wounds to accumulate her soul against her girlfriend's peers, who have fun in her. When you focus enough on this first element while watching the movie, you will come to see the point of view of humanism: "Noone is entirely good or evil. In fact, someone who was known as evil can in a curiosity kind of cache. " Just because the story line and the direction are very weak, we are not satisfied as we deserve. <br /> <br /> The second iconic component is, of course, the magnificent manicure of the late 90's starlets: my favorite is Jessica Cauffiel who died in the coolest way to die. An arrow shot from a bow pulling his belly and clinging to, while playing hide-and-seek with his blind date, can never meet with. Katherine Heigl is the first starlet who died in a biology laboratory while trying to hide under human body patterns lying on the surgical surgery tables. Denise Richards killed third, while she just found a Valentine's Day gift for her in a swirling bath. Jessica Capshaw is killed last in a confidential and unseen way, then it is soothing to be as the serial killer. Marley Shelton is one of the most unluckiest and visibility of fortune that he will die in the most confidential way that you will never know, 'cause the movie will come to an end before he gets killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the only one since she was not a comrade of the series assassin, David Boreanaz. The third and final iconic elements are strips from the blind labyrinth scene, Celebration Day at Dorothy's scene scene and ultimately kill them. Everyone liked the band as far as I know. Hard Rock never best suits in a killer-mystery series movie.
