Had I been familiar with the stage production of Negroes and Dolls before seeing the movie, I might not be as fond of it as I am. Although at all, I would probably still love the best movie production because of my general adoration both Brando (for his acting) and Sinatra (for his voice, although he's quite the actor as well, seeing the candidate's mandate or from here forever.) As for some of the other review statements about the songs I have the Broadway band and even though Isabel Bingley's voices outshines that of Jean Simmons, it's not the most beautiful. I find it has a rather refined type. Jean Jean Simmons' voice is more realistic, though admittedly, is not always a major concern in music. Also the only time I particularly noticed particularly weak vocal Marlon Brando was during his appointment to "Lucky Make A Lady" and only because I was already familiar with the Sinatra version. I also get Vivian Blaine's voice also to make more fun in the movie than it is on Broadway. And Sinatra's voice alone could suppress the weaknesses of all the others, if they really needed the redemption. (They did not) It's infinitely better than Sam Levene's, particularly in my favorite song, 'Sue Me'. <br /> <br /> Also, the complaint that many of the songs were suspended from the film for inferior songs, I begged differently. 'A donkey with a peck' is hardly a gem and the song that replaces it, 'My Pet Poppa' and its accompanying performance is much more hot box material. I personally do not care for 'married man today 'at all and rejoice that she was not included in the movie. I worshiped' I never was in love before ', and even though she was not singing in the movie, the instrumental version can be heard when Nathan is in Adelaide's dressing room .In Love'expresses the same feeling equally well and probably in a row that both stars could have the greatest ability to come up. And the movie should not even without singing the 'Adelaide', not included in Broadway soundtrack movie was available for sale, I would recommend buying it instead of Broadway. Even though I have not seen the original output, I can not imagine that the act would be superior to that of the film's lead to the actors. <br /> <br /> The important fact is that the story is as good as ever with the act of gs son does not make it any less so.
