It would be easy to call men and big dolls. He received Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, contrary to Sinatra's original will, the casting work), he had a really cool 1950s feeling, though he is fundamentally transpozive from screen stage and only a little interruption. And most of the songs are often a lot of fun, and catchy, and are designed with this wink and nod to the wonderful escapism heading inherently in the form itself. If it's not entirely similar to some of its ilk, it should not be any fault in the filmmaker Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all the songs are totally clicked, and a little bit of the dialogue feels like it's made for the movie as opposed to film (it's hard to say at times-Brando and the Sinatra trekking line so often that one has them Look carefully to say when one plays for the camera or for the "scene", while the actress plays Adele is best for screens than screens). The draw is one of those winners who work well for its period, though one wonder if its influence has been extended to love in 1999 It's all (well, not quite, but close). A gambler (and 14-year fiancé), played by Sinatra, wants to organize a great game of time, but it is said that "the heat is over", meaning the cops are on look. So it has only one choice to organize the game, and a thousand dollars table. The only way she can get it is in a big-time bet with Brando Gambler, who's wearing a job wooing wild at a mission worker. It allows for torsion to be predictable in the story, to suddenly turn-on-turn-off of the charms of the character, of the idiosyncrasies of people from the streets (gangsters and dancers and the "saitn" played by Jean Simmons who falls to Brando). It is, in its basic concept, about the whole world of guys and dolls, and how to balance one or the other - obviously without getting married or too compromised. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy into pieces, even when still holding the camera on the subject, and its stars are well reeled in hell, even Brando works excellent for a music as it goes beyond being simply The actor method and shows her chop to sing with great-quality stars. The story and event eventually wind down to what you would hope to happen, and that's fine. All we ask - and what we find - is the good winning entertainment of witty, involving dialogue, and some songs and dance that bring the house down (my favorites were the number and cat-chat of the club, luck a Lady, and the two numbers down to Havana, Cuba). A-
