A group of caliber-caliber San Francisco women who were friends since elementary school suddenly were threatened and attacked by someone sending them to Valentine's Day card. Who is the killer and why is the killer after them? <br /> <br /> My rating will often change on subsequent life in a movie - sometimes a little up, sometimes a little down. However, I can not recall another movie where my rating has changed as high as it has for Valentine. The first time I watched it, on its theatrical release, I thought it was very terrible - I gave it a 4 out of 10, the equivalent of a letter "F". Watch it for the second time last night, I can not remember what I did not like. I can only assume that maybe I was really in the wrong mood to watch it, or maybe I just did not get it. In any event, I liked reading this time, giving it a 9 out of 10, or an "A". <br /> It might sound ridiculous to say I did not get a movie like this, but there is something to find. Valentine is almost a comedy / horror. Director of Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for the Urban Legend 1998, took the formulation of stereotyped teen formulas that became so popular in the late 1990s in the Wake of Call (1996) and pushed most of the elements up a tooth, Do Valentine intentionally cheesy / Stand almost at the point of absurdity (where absurdism is a positive stylistic term). On top of that, he gives us a footprint and Comics Next on Romantic Relations. The humor is strange in that it has the same exaggeration of the report as the teenage horror aspects. Most of the situations in the movie, and opera are the fashion of the villain, funny or not, are tied to Valentine's Day theme. Many viewers will likely point out in the movie for its various glow-roaming but implausible scenarios and drawings development. However, in light of the above, the film is intentionally clichéd, implausible and funny. It's as if Blanks tries (and mostly succeeded) to transcend slasher in typical teen by mocking / spoofing the conventions in the genre while also satirizing eros. This attraction of the irony is based on a horror movie on Valentine's Day. It is an incongruity cleverly knit throughout the movie, and that is itself in the heart of the slasher genre, making it cost fodder for Valentine's lampooning. Call has been a similar purpose to its horror material, but the twist had that film was "self-aware". Valentine's Day is intentionally not self-aware; The viewer has counted on contextual clues for satire. For some, I think "too much" in the film, it's worth recalling that Blanks said in interview that he "did not want to just make another slasher movie after Urban Legend" and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted do something "more adult". Other tickets may fluctuate in the fact that Valentine's Day differs greatly from its source's source materials, novels the same name by Tom Savage. Roman characters, settings and traces are very different from the movie. Sellers said, "While it was a fine book, I did not think it was the good story for a movie." So instead the novel, which is very dry and more severe in tone, was used as a launch pad, a motive to create variations on for a horror / suspension story centered on Valentine's Day. While these facts will not help purists familiar with the book like the movie, it is useful to understand why the movie has its diverse scheme and attitude. It's probably best to look at the movie as an independent entity with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> Exit directions are impeccable visually. Valentine's Day has a lush look at all, with complex, deep colors, interesting interiors, and good staging. Blanks are admirable to keep his villain, scene attacks not too dark, and clearly transmit action. He also directed his actors and aplones, categorizing commonly funny comics. David Boreanaz, as Adam Carr, is involved in many of the fervent moments. While Valentine's Day is no masterpiece, it's a very good horror movie / thriller that seems tricky to make bad design. If you look at her waiting something more-in-a-cheek you can find yourself appreciating it a lot more.
