This is a Frank Loesser prince of amusing lyrics, competent terms and solid construction by those who adapted Damon Runyon material to the music "book". What's surprising about the movie is how transparently the music numbers flow from the scenario. Abe Burrows made the book and contributions to Loesser; Michael Kidd was the choreographer, and outstanding art direction was contributed by Joseph Wright. The storyline can be said in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs cash to fund his permanent floating performance game for Fun Big Julie, a Chicago Boss Mob. He bet the song-player Sky Masterson, well presented by Marlon Brando, that he can not find a Girl Salvation Girl to go to Havana with him; Masterson wins the bet, saves the mission, falls in love with the girl, gets the gamblers and rifraff in the crap game going to a service, and tells everyone the lady was impervious to his charm - a complete misery. Of course it ends with the lady; and Detroit married long-suffering bride, Vivian Blaine. Others in the cast include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Poulan like the Big Julie Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regme Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as Army Salvation Leader, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as the Girl Salvation Girl Girl, Sara Brown. The most popular musical tune in this Broadway band break includes "Fugue for Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Luck to Do a Lady", "I Will Know", "One Can Develop A Cold", and "Pi Old Established Permainet floating crap game in New York! ". Joseph L. Mankiewicz's "Cleopatra" and "Letter of Three Wives" named the director; And the work flow is very interesting and successfully keep moving. It is equally adept at getting fine dialogue and directing the great numbers as "Luck Be Lady", section of brawl and variety of challenges, Havana's "A Woman in Love" section created for the movie that precedes it, featuring the title Singing "Guys and Dolls" and "My Pet, Poppa" put in the club where Blaine is working. Acting is very uneven. Simmons seems wrong for the party at times, Brando gets not with the song and is very good at the time of instinct, charm and underplaying, even in the comedy. scene. Sinatra tries hard, but is wrong for the role for many reasons like Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a bit too-theatrical to sell her number, which she's vocal in vocal courses. Leonard, Toomey, Notebook, Keith and Pulley do what's required and more at all points. The opening and styling closures are made to work well; All in all, this film is a triumph for the lyrical and subtle lyrics of Loesser, for director Mankiewicz as ringmaster, and for the genre of musical himself, so skillfully justified in this example. Delightful and many different.
