This music was not quite what I was hoping for, first of all, there was not a lot of scenes between Brando and Sinatra. As it was based on a Damon Runyon story, I expect irony and surprise, in which there was one really good one - when we found that the sinatra gang used the Salvation Army office for the crap games while Brando was in Havana and Simmons. If his neck comes right at the right time, when Brando brings it back. I really did not expect much of Brando as a singer, but she surprised me. It was not great but it was just fine in the role. His huge number in the sewer, however, with the rest of the Kinatra boy was the only place I felt Brando's voice was weak. It just did not have the power the Grand Climate required. Overall I found the scenes between Brando and Simmons for being filled with electricity, something I did not think would happen when we first saw Simmons by himself, and later when we were presenting at Brando in the restaurant with Sinatra try to pull a fast one on it. It was not until Brando went to his desk that the story had come to life. Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performance. And Vivian Blaine, who I have never heard of, but which I guess played the role of Broadway, just seemed to slow down the procedures. The scene between him and Sinatra was obvious. Also, his song felt the weakest for me both in terms of advanced stories or characters. On top of that, all the numbers Goldwyn Girls looked like the cornea, just have to glitz. For example, when Frank met with Brando in the nightclub, we just cut off the step routine for the cat number - then he cut back to the guys who continued on as if there were any dancing numbers at all. Every time Brando and Simmons were on screen, I had a great time, but every time we returned to the story of Sinatra-Blaine, my interest rate had decreased. <br /> As for the songs, there were some good, particularly the very first number and Stubby Kaye, the Fugue for Tinhorns number (can be done!). This is a great song and reminds me of the very first song of the Man Man - Cash for the merchandise ... whatever it was called. And the number of the sewer - I could not help but be reminded of "Cool" from West Side Story - which brings me to a point. I really did not like the art direction of this movie. Times Square fake was just so completely hinge he drew attention to himself. Even for the sequence of Havana, and particularly the sewer. I realized back in 1955 that most musicals were shot on sets, but things were changing - Carousel, for example, made great use of photography location. Even on the city scene shot at Mahattan in 1949. Since we arrived at West Side Story in 1961, it provided something that is taking place in Manhattan had to actually be shot in Manhattan. So, by comparison, Guys and Manhattan laid-back dolls felt dated and over a little too nice. And changing Lindy's Mindy's - did they really have to do this for legal reasons? Now I always think guys and dolls were a music about Sinatra and Brando with their adventurous and diverse girls. It was more focused than that, which is in its credit. In that regard she is better than girls, who were interested in her own right but had a certain degree of her own. <br /> <br /> A great complaint about guys and dolls, and I do not know if this is endemic in the original show, but when Jean Simmons realized that Brando never took any money for a bet that he Do with Sinatra and even said he lost the bet, he just ran to get him and we cut off the wedding. It seems to me a scene between Brando and Simmons would add to the impact of the story. To see Brando coming around as he came around he would have a great scene. There's such a scene in the Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD), when Harold and Marion have that right while waiting to change. She is in the upper house of the house and goes down the sidewalk. He sang 76 trombones. It was my goodnight song to someone. They suddenly change and sing each other - a great way to transmit their cross to one another. It is an emotional high moment in the movie. Still, guys and dolls had a lot to go for it.
