I'm intrigued by the strong sense of favor towards (or sympathy for!) Sinatra in the other comments here. I read elsewhere that Sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for * not * being thrown as Sky Masterson. <br /> OK, so who would not want to be thrown like Sky Masterson? ?? It is a big part: gambling successive charisma that makes a serious mistake when it allows himself to be ransacked in a bet, in which he must take Salvation Army Sargant Sara Brown on a Cuba or losing date. It's not the money ?? it's the pride, but he and he meet their match. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit must juggle Adelaide's long suffering and trying to find a place for a craps game that will make him rich if he does not alienate his fiancé for the first time ever. The movie started life as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: this unique dialogue he heard, and these are the names of its great characters, and that's horse-racing / nightclub / late-month world gambling night. Then he became a musician, and you can not help but feel that in his movie form never really left the scene. The camera is very static and sets considerably ?? and not fun ?? flats and children. Fortunately the music is so great, I do not care much. <br /> I'm absolute favorite thing about this movie, though, is the song and act of two non-musicians, Brando (like Heaven) and Jean Simmons (as Sara Sarant). Of course, putting pro musicians in these roles would produce better music; but that surely became forgotten that these two actors were excellent to bring something else to the party instead: what they lack in their vocal talent more than made up of love, acting ability, and pathos, pathos, pathos . You're upset with Sky as she argues with Sara against reasons, stiffness, pipes and securities. You enjoy Sarah's launch under the influence of the Cuban "letter". You feel completely sudden and passionate scenes in the yard with bell ringing and an hour before the plane takes them home. As Sky says right, it's "chemistry". Pro musicians ?? Let's Broadway Broadcast or Crooks List ?? Can not necessarily count on doing so. (And certainly did not.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not putting himself in his role in Nathan Detroit. Sinatra in turn was upset by Brando's acting method to act. As a fan of Brando (it shows?!) I'm bound to take the other side, but I can not imagine that this movie would have the much-worshiping class it is today if Brando and Simmons had never been in it and chemistry lovely; Brando's incentive; Simmons' face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drink and shame in a Cuban bar. Beautiful. I will always want a copy of this movie lying around in case I need to feel good again. You will forgive me if given some of the Natan (sleep) talk party 100% brush-off though, you will not? You will not? Oh, you must be quiet and you have some more of Mindy's cheese!
