The world of Damon Runyon at Times Square, in New York, before its Disneyfication, is the basis for this music. Joseph L. Mankiewicz, a man who knew about the movie, led this nostalgic burden on "The Crossroads of the World" showing us listening to New York in the past. Frank Loesser's music sounds great. We look at a magnificent cast of typical characters in the area. People at the edges of society tend to gravitate toward this area because of the light, the action, the possibilities of this part of town. This unbabelly in the city made a living out of the street life that was so intense. <br /> <br /> Some of the songs from the original production were not included in the movie. We do not know if this makes sense, but that's not strange for a Hollywood music to change and change what's been working on the stage. This original cast includes the wonderful Vivian Blaine and Stubby Kaye, and we ask about the decision to not let Robert Alda, Sam Levene, Isabel Bigley repeat the original roles. These were distinguished actors who could make an amazing contribution. The movie, visually, is amazing. Look at following the fitting mods at times. As far as deposited in Marlon Brando, otherwise not known for his songs, Frank Sinatra and Jean Simmons, seem to work in the movie. Sky Masterson is, after all, a man's man, who would otherwise look sissy if he introduced another 'look'. Frank Sinatra is good as Nathan Detroit. Jean Simmons, as Sara Brown, does a great job showing the woman from the Salvation Army who suddenly gains progress with the same type of people she tries to save. Vivian Blaine is a pleasure. She never ceased to be surprised as Miss Adelaide, a woman with a golden heart in Nathan Detroit 's love interest. Ms. Blaine makes a fantastic impression as the girl shows much wiser than she is allowed to be. Stubby Kaye does a wonderful thing from his Nicely Nicely Johnson reproduction. The wonderful production must be a lot of talented Abe Burrows, who made adjustments to the screen. The costumes by Irene Sharaff set the right tone.
