I remember watching the Disney version and watching it now makes me think he somehow lost its magic touch. Many other achievements, ever after surgery, in Cinderella, have, in fact, lost their touch throughout the years. Then I found this production with a flawless performance by Kathleen Turner as the evil stepmother and was blown by the fantasy essence of this fantasy story that was thrown out of his spell since childhood. <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl from her dad died and was dominated by her wicked stepmother and stepaughters and long to get to the ball for a last chance of freedom. But this line draws a different twist of the classic Fairy Tale by causing Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola, and she calls only Cinderella by her family because of slavery) to be trapped in a situation of her father (who still lives) slowly loses herself to a dominant wife who manipulates her in playing favorites with his wife and daughter step against her own and tries to poison her. So Zizola goes out to save his father by stopping his stepmother from finding another suicide in the ball by distracting the guys who come his way. There, bold Prince's courage has a change of heart from her dull life and falls in love with the mysterious lady of the weird dress (forged by a nymph of Marble) and rose petals for slippers. <br /> What drew me this movie most of all it was originally taken on the old fairy tale that none can compare with. It does not tie a web site to lies like most Cinderella stories, it does not ignore any reason as to why Cinderella wants to go to the ball and neither does it show a deep side of the Prince as the Disney version did. Instead it shows more of Cinderella's desperate hearts than any other production and artwork is simply stunning! The costumes are all beautifully made, especially Zizola's sophisticated blue ballgown to match the fabulous beauty of Marcella Plunkett and soft-minded voice. <br /> I would highly suggest this movie for anyone interested in a dream-like sequel to the classic Fairy Tale and an exciting twist. My only problem is that the producers and directors did not make a full collection of Fairy Tales other with this same element and the fact that the movie is now out of print.
