It's hard to say sometimes why a movie is so effective. From that moment I first came across the "Stone Boy", something told me he would be a great movie. However, it seemed very easy that I would ever have the opportunity to actually see it for myself. Then one day, while looking at the catalog online in my local library, I saw that recently bought DVDs released in this movie. Which I am very pleased with, because the cinematography is in a stunning and quality depth that an old VHS copy can never be repeated. <br /> <br /> And speaking in the cinematography, I must only read it out as far and above the most stunning aspect of this movie. As a photographer who pursues very nearly the visual visual style described in the "Stone Boy", I am a firm believer in the fact that a great cinematographer can almost single-handedly bring a movie. Here, he has a lot of help in a very talented cast, with a director who understands perfectly what the story needs. But Juan Ruiz Anchía behind the camera does virtually every scene of beauty. And you can almost never say that. Most films would never even expect something like you. Scene after scene captures some details, some little of visual magic that takes your breath away. <br /> <br /> The director, Christopher Cain, has a long and exciting career. As far as I can pick up, this film is not very representative of it. But sometimes catch a director near the start of his career, before all the big budgets and focus concentrates, there is a real subtle magic to be found. Cain steps back into this movie, allowing things to happen with a life of their own, and then ever further. Much like the first movie John Sayles, the characters give space to breath, time to talk. The side stories come from doing so, and it is the way life is. Cain shows a remarkable, raw, even outright painful understanding of human nature in this film. <br /> <br /> Acting the many links in this story together. When people speak, when they exist in this movie, they do so as real people, do not hold back by the fact that they are playing character. Gina Berriault's script allows many talented and respected actors such as Wilford Brimley, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, and Frederic Forrest to spend time simply existing. If these things are said to be minor or in deep meaning, it all comes with the weight of pure reality. <br /> <br /> When you look at the actors involved, or the great band by James Horner, it seems strange that such a movie should be very nearly forgotten. Perhaps much of what the "Stone Boy" was that it was the period of time he had done in. This 1970s endowed feeling this photo reminds me deeply in my childhood. People talk about 80 in terms of modern styles and music, but that's not the 80s I've lived in or remembered. Look at the images, the understated and black quality of acting, and the overall result should get under the skin of anyone who grew up in or near this era of time in North America. I see that. I see how I saw the world. With a movie like "The Stone Boy" sees the world for how it really is. For more of this feeling, please see: The Black Stallion (1979), Never Cry Wolf (1983), Merite Sensation (1983), Testaman ( 1983), Located in the Heart (1984), Matewan (1987), High Tide (1987), Miss Daisy (1989), The Roan Inish (1994), Wendy and Lucy (2008)
