Honestly, I found this movie almost too depressing for my own good. It is very depressing until very beautiful at the very end. There is no way I can justify judgment of any character that did the things I did not like (well, except for the disgusting character played by Fredrick Forrest). But it's still so frustrating to see people doing this way, wearing wall even when a word or so can break the ice and encourage healing. <br /> A terrible tragedy hit a family of Montana. They believe they lost one son, but it turned out to be lost 2. The key is, if they just communicate and face the grief together, they will not end up losing their second son forever. <br /> <But they just can not. Something that blocks this family from sharing their misery. Some families withdraw from silence and resentment while others point finger to blame (and then go ahead and cheat on the poorly pregnant wives do not seduce the lovely girlfriend of the deceased ... that Andy character is true yes: it's a snake!) The only member of the family who does not threaten Arnold in some way is his father (Wilford Brimley). Grandpa seems to be able to talk to the boy without trial or even kid gloves. It seems to know what the child is thinking about though Arnold does not say many days. It is truly a blessing for the poor kid to have someone to come back. No other person seems to grasp the fact that Arnold might be in shock, in denial, or his way of mourning can not be the same style, or at the same speed, as expected. It's easy to judge and be angry and feel that someone is "made of stone" just because they do not groan in a way we believe to be. <br /> The story is very quiet and naturalistic. You will not find some narration-eating narration or some Hollywood feel-good resolution. I was very concerned by the fact that this child was so busy with guilt that he felt it was necessary to hitchhike several hundred miles to apologize for Andy's piggy wife, for something he should not blame himself for. Arnold had crashed his brother, but nobody was responsible for the end of this marriage, apparently being a disgusting anyway, except for those who were at the wedding. Only dumb Arnold did not go into the car with a pedophile or a murderer. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are frustratingly effective as parents who somehow can not get it to themselves to communicate with their son, to find out what Arnold is going through. Jason Presson, whom I have not seen elsewhere except for a childhood favorite called EXPLORERS and a ghost ghost story called DAD in White, has done an incredible job as Arnold, a great performer of a child actor. Aside from being a bit slow at times, the STONE boy is an excellent movie, with many depressions.
