The Stone Boy is an almost forgotten drama from the 1980s. Considering how famous or soon to be the most famous of the movie, one wonderful thing is how it could have been so neglected. This is a slow, moody, but touching account of a tragedy that affects a family farm. The film is more or less an indictment of midwestern stoic value and repression of emotions. The movie will not be for every taste, but anyone who can appreciate the real human drama would like it OK. <br /> In the early days of the film, we see two top cutters in the early morning hours pick some weight and maybe shot a duck or two if they're lucky. While climbing into a barbed wire fence, the gun accidentally discharged and the youngest boy fatally shoots his older brother. These boys apparently never took a hunter security course. The way two people go to a fence like this with one gun would be as follows: The first person climbs. Second person then passed his gun to the fence. First person then sets the gun down and helps the other in the fence. No time should either have his hands on both the gun and the fence. <br /> <br /> Anyway, once his brother is killed, 12-year-old Arnold regresses in his own world. He does not even run for help after his brother's shooting. He simply goes ahead and chooses the weight and tells his family about the accident later. At no point during the funeral or investigation, Arnold seems to show no regret or grief at all. Her family seems to have broken it. Perhaps they are angry with him to kill his brother. An ornate spell played by Frederick Forrest is out of anger with Arnold, though the older brother's death allowed him to knock on the kid's girlfriend. Arnold's parents do not seem to understand how to deal with their son. They really do not even try to talk to him. Regarding the only person he can interact with is his grandfather who plays in typical grandfatherly skills by Wilford Brimley. After a while, Arnold even moved in with the old clock. <br /> <br /> Nothing seems to get Arnold to open up until taking a boring road trip to Reno Nevada inexplicably look up her ex-wife's uncle's wife. Once he meets him, he begins to emerge from his shell after exquisite for breaking his marriage by starting all the family's turmoil and the crash. From here, the film has become a quick study of reconciliation and reawakening. The act is hauntingly far in most cases. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close make their parents absolutely perfect stoic. Forrest is a good thing, but maybe trying too hard to perform Paul Newman's performance at Hud. Cinematography is exceptional, too. If you like Moody's photos on common folk, this one can be yours. Some may even advise you to bring some tissue. 8 of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> <br /> The Hound.
