Michelle Rodriguez is a well-built secondary school that discovers that she has a powerful punch and start amateur training at a Brooklyn gym. Santiago Douglas is a beautiful young man, barely older than he, who also dragged. They are satisfied after class, so talk, and feel attracted to each other. No gender. Santiago was instructed to save it for his next bout. <br /> <br /> Both are participants in a "sex-blind" athletic program that makes no difference between men and women, an acute attempt at the gym playing field. A conservative radiator adviser recently announced - and I swear I do not go up - "Let's face it, the president is black." I'm here to make an even perspicacious observation - "Men and women are different." Now, in 99 cases from 100, this does not make any difference in physical performance. But at the top of one percent - trained athletes who have had their skills softened in a fine corner - men generally have the advantage. With narrow hips they can run faster. And they have bigger muscle mass and upper tensile strength. These differences in body build make it possible for women to give birth and raising children and men to catch and kill foods for them. This sexual bifurcation is the result of the normal perfume process of natural selection. Without it, there would not be anyone at all. With that, boys and girls are why they have men's events and events in the Olympics. I talk to you as an anthropologist. This will be ten cents, PayPal preferred. That's why I called this sex-blind program. As a boxer as Rodrigues talent, as he approaches the zenith in the game, he will eventually lose a man. <br /> <br /> Here's where the hassle reaches this movie. Rodrigues is finally matching against his boy friend, Douglas. Nor wants to give up anger over the other, not to mention the right of artery, but the pride both are at stake, and the pride is both personal and sex related. Douglas refuses to fight a woman in the ring. And Rodriguez is offended by what he sees as his patronizing attitude. It ended happily. <br /> I did not really wait much of the movie. I thought it would be a rip off Clint Eastwood at "Million Dollar Baby" until I discovered that this was released earlier years. And I would never hear about the director or any of the performers. That sort of obscure generally spread music-makers-for-TV with these. <br /> But I was surprised at how neatly this is put together. Absence of total bathos let me open mouth. So used in the minimum boxing club - the frat cats, the blood, cut into the swollen eye, the face-to-face face, the fat and sweaty souvenir called "Kill it!", The slow motion landing In the nose gloves, the sweat spray from the head mauled, the heroic music of the long-awaited apocalyptic signal of the victory. None of that here - well, almost none. The whole plot has been considered formal. Difficult kid get the grip of the ring, etc. <br /> The feeling you stay and is that this is probably pretty much what those amateur competitions are like. Different from what we see on television and in ordinary movies. No ring bell, for example, Instead a dancing and watchful bandits yells "Stop!" And "Box!" The competitors head gear. The gym is not populated by a crowd of cheering spectators, but only by a handful of people who have some particular interest in going on. It is a clean film, despite the rather gloomy and dynamic environment of the family. Michelle Rodriguez can look pretty mean, with her muscular bulk and her glowing eyes beneath her lower bend, but once you get used to the idea that this is a girl who can beat you in a shit Whenever he wants, and once you hear the female feminine contours in his supersegmentals, it's not bad. (A scene in which he battled his father on the floor is overdoing it.) It was a little hard to understand Douglas's constraints when Rodriguez pulled all over him in the bed. The director, Karyn Kusama, has chosen his talent carefully. <br /> Show what you can do with talent, imagination, and a damn of money. There must be more movies like it. Take one of these multi-billion blockbusters full of dinosaurs or space ships and spread the generosity around a little bit.
