Missing casting Michelle Rodriguez as Diana was a stroke genius. It's perfect. It acts inexperience actually working in its favor. We've never seen him before he really feels like his story. It also brings across genuine harshness. This works against it though, because we never doubt it. You never have to applaud because he never woke up against any fighter we do not think he can beat. So, as a boxing movie, it fails. Then again, this is not really a boxing movie. How do you make a movie about a girl who wants a boxer who is not a boxing movie? You do not. But Karyn Kusama has anyway. Like many independent films, "Girlfight" challenged classification or genre and stands on its own as a tradition that might dare near to real life. <br /> <br /> Diana is hurt at school. She defeated those who did not like her (all other girls in her school for example). It does not fit. His father will force Tiny little baby to learn from the box so he can defend himself when things get hard. He gives little money to his boxing session, giving Diana anything, as if he had no need to defend himself, nor anything worthwhile to do in his life. Little wants to go to art school (cliche ', yuck), so he gives his boxing box to Diana, who actually wants box. Things get complicated when Diana falls back to another boxer, Adrian (Santiago Douglas), who's looking for a pro. From the windy history down to the inevitable direction ... two are satisfied in the amateur title fight. <br /> <br /> What left me cold was that I never found any of this all that interesting. It's all just a bit too credible. Children who live hard in life in urban areas have fallen into the sport. A lot of professional boxers are raised in these circumstances. The mental and physical meanings of this excursion require to convey himself to a game like boxing, where anger is your friend. So this time it's a girl. Big deal. <br /> Or have another position taken: finally, a boxing movie about a girl. The girl was around a long time. The brutality we usually see in the movie box is to replace here by discussing people's lives and feelings. The whole battle thing is used as a platform from which to paint a bigger picture. Respect. Override adversity. Self-discovery. <br /> I recommend "Girlfight" because she has a good spirit and is an example of some great work by a first-time director. The dialogue never got higher than the quality of soap opera, but the story itself actually changed my look on some things. Yes, the world now looks like a better place. A movie did. <br /> <br /> Grade: B-
