The first step is getting off of this road that leads to nowhere is to recognize that you are on it in the first place; Then it becomes a problem of persisting and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that can put you on the road to starting with. Which is exactly what a Latin Latino does in `Girlfight, 'written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is a tens of years-old High School in Brooklyn projects, facing expulsion after her fourth battle in the hallway from the beginning of the semester. It affects a 'whiteness' attitude that mask a deep-seated fury that threatens to take it to where it would rather not go. He lives with his father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom he has a very tentative relationship, with his younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). With his teetering life on the side of dissolution, he desperately needs an outlet in which the demons channel his epidemic. With one day he found it, without even looking for it, when it stopped in the gym where small trains. Ironically, Ti wants nothing to do with Boxing; She wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined that her son should be able to take care of herself on the streets, and she paid the ten dollars a week she listened for her lessons. When Diana convinces Tiny's coach, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), takes him on, with his father's approach to the money, under the guise of calling it a weekly allowance (he does not want him to know what he wants the money for), Sandro turned him down and told him to go out and earn his own money. Finally, with little help finding a way, and the ring will soon become his second home. It's an environment that readily suited, and it appears that life is about to take a turn for the better. And the fact that he will have to fight people, not women, to compete 'sexual blind', by his phase of the least. Diana found her element. First-time writer / director Karyn Kusama has done a terrific job in creating a realistic environment for her story, featuring an honest portrait of life in the projects and transmitting that despair so familiar to many young people who find themselves in dead-dying situations on the road to nowhere. And no candy coating on it, either; as Hector tells Diana when he asks him how he came to be where he is, I was a fighter once. I'm losing. ' Then looking around the gym is busy, "Like most of these guys, they will lose, too. But it's all they know - 'And it's that honesty of attitude, as well as the way in which character They are describing, making this film as good as it is. It's a weak world, insisting by hardly lit, run-down gym - you can fairly smell the sweat of the boxers - with the sense of desolation hanging on it all like a pall, blanketing those people who are tricky and hanging on one and only things they have, all they know. <br /> <br /> Make her first screen, Michelle Rodriguez is perfectly cast like Diana, his infusions with a deep and intense bridal intensity that radishes off in it's waves. It is so real that it makes you wonder how much of it is really Rodriguez; exactly where the actor leaves and the character begins? Whatever it is, it works It is a powerful, memorable performance, not an actor who we are expecting a whole and great anticipation. Diana is a positive role model, one of which is expected to be the inspiration and realization of alternative paths available to life, at least to those who would seek out. This movie is, however, it ends on something in a limit note; Even if Diana obviously has his foot on the ground, there's no indication of where he's headed. Is this a short-term fix for it, or is it destined to become the female counterpart in Hector? After all, realistically (and in light of the fact that the realism is one of the forces of this movie), professional boxing is not exactly a profession that confers itself, nor opens it to women's arms. And in keeping with the subject of the film, with the approach of the cinema, an affirmation of the results of Diana's affinity would be inappropriate. <br /> <br /> Throw in support include Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Even if it delivers a very real picture of the lives that many will be able to identify, there are some aspects of 'Girlfight,' that credibility stretches somewhat, regarding some of the things that are happening in the ring. That aside, it's a positive movie that for the most part is a satisfying experience. I miss this one 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
