Back in 2004 I saw "True", contributions to Tom Tykwer in Paris Je T'aime. When I saw that I loved her, she became thrilled. It has become my favorite movie short and makes me appreciate the great format. Of course I wanted to watch the whole movie, and I would check who was attached, etc. I've finally seen it, courtesy of the internet. All I have to say is similar to AWESOME. The photography is beautiful at every short and injection, at the worst they have nothing special - but they are always brilliant and clear. Then I read the Trivia here, and maybe it's how the 6K analysis gives more justice to all DP's work. My special favorite are "Quais de Seine" first scene (sunlight!), Sin City-aquire (but best for me) "Quartier de la Madeleine", and "14 Arrondissements" - but you know, like all of them : "True" or "Faubourg Saint-Denis" always makes me nervous and these brilliant colors (my eyes are tremble!) And "Latin Quartier" is golden prison on silver. Beautiful. <br /> Yes, these are some BEAUTIFUL films short. <br /> Now let's get on the content. I'm very much (and I mean so much) as the eclectic is so successfully felt. You never have the same term or treatment between shorts, and I think the formula is enough restrictions to let all the artists explore the beautiful and deepening things inside the shorts. I liked from a simple love story in a crazy-Chinese-music-in-Paris-and-Barbet-Schroeder to a social Next to a comedy comedy in a humble monologue. I love surprises! And this movie has them! It's great to have taken a chance to leave the body that the director out of normal things in mainstream movies (which I have come to great contempt). It is not heavily experimental, but I can breathe the breathing space of those people. <br /> I love little time and I love to act. I love the simplicity and I love the love. I love the simple feelings and the beauty and eclecticism and in general it's a very pretty movie to see, alone or with someone. Simply feel. He let me feel very good. <br /> There is something about the ceremony of it ... it's frank ... <br /> <br /> What did I not love? Well, for me there are two shorts that are not exactly the best - "Quais de Seine" (which is good natured, sure, and perhaps even necessary, but feels too much like a commercial?) And "Laughs-Lachaise" that even though I love the act, I felt it was the terms being forced. But that's, of course, just me. "Eiffel Tour" I also did not like but I think it's probably because of my very different sensitivity to this Sylvain Chomet? I do not know if this film has a special interest for those who already know the actors and directors, and so they can enjoy their interactions, in their surprises (look out for Alexander Payne in a funny role) and basically to " Will this director do this? "Big questions. I loved it very much in this way. <br /> I repeat now: Most shorts I love and all of them together form a nice and energetic mix. I definitely recommend it. Definitely !!! So watch it if you love cute eclectic love!
