With the sun shining brightly on a quiet Sunday that just about to wake up completely, love can be felt in the soft breeze that swept past my feet and can see the smiles of the people I walk together. It is the perfect day to stop off for crescent and a coffee-o-laughter before heading into the city of light and love. Of course, a flight in Paris is unreasonable in this budget modest movie criticism, I had to opt for the next good thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by a variety of international directors. Each piece is called after a different Parisian neighborhood and it is a reflection of love. Caution is not the most powerful and compelling praise of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores the love of many stages in its own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and amazing consistent. And really, the best way to express the nature of passengers in love and how a moment can change your life than with a collection of moments filmed. <br /> The very beautiful poetic quote above is taken from Tom Tykwer's Saint Denis Denis. True form, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time-error photography and repetitions to demonstrate the whole cycle of love, from creation to dissolution. Originally shot in 2004 and scared down for this anthology, Faubourg star Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress in Paris for part of a movie, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, a blind man she falls in love with. Here, the blind leads the blindest in the arena, where two people consume each other at a point where their lives almost lose their own existence. As love seems to go in dazzling dazzling, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks it can play on our minds and the illusions it can create when we lose towards doubt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most giddily romantic offering from Sylvain Chomet's experience to Tour. Choosing the city's most distinctive attraction for its titles, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES OF BELLEVILLE) gives us a boy who tells stories about how his parents met and fell in love. His father, a mime (Paul Putner), finds himself falling into one surreal scenario after another and eventually lands himself in prison. This is where she meets the woman who will become the love of her life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become something of a dead art, if it is not already dead. But by nature, it is in breathtakingly rocky and unexplored. Miming finger points in silence from ridiculous to human behavior and what but love can make people act more absurd? We might find someone special at least luck in circumstances if we could just get ourselves a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME holds the lively flow by not always focusing on the love between lovers. Three memorable shorts focus on the love between a parent and a child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) has Catalina Sandino Moreno singing her love for her baby before leaving her singing the same song with a longing for the child she is watching over for her living. Nobuhiro Suwa (UN Coupe PARFAIT) has Juliette Binoche trying to desperately overcome the void she feels after losing her baby. Binoche says very little again, not surprisingly giving her immense talent, her obvious obviousness in her face as she learns that love sometimes means to let go. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN AT HAND) squeezed into one continuous shot of a father (Nick Nolte) and his grandson grown (Sara Martins) walked together for what should be the first time in a short time. We see them only on the street and we only get close to them as the distance between the two normal characters in a place of comfort and acceptance. The last short screen is Alexander Alexander Payne's 14ieme. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is alone and for less time than she would like as she has dogs waiting for her at home. He is a plain person who has an eternal life that finds himself in a rich and lush city. In the charming Frenchman, he muses about the sights and how they have made him feel. This woman spending a lot of time trying to be happy despite much of the life's disappointment and as she sat in a city made for lovers, she realized that she was in fact happy and loved herself more than she knew. It falls in love, if only for a moment, with life and love itself. The characters that appear but fleetingly in Paris, JE T'AIME find themselves in the romantic center of the universe. Moments to share with each other are to help someone up after a difficult fall or to reach out to someone else without touching them or without their knowledge, the moment that gives love to his rocket and bloom . Outside the city of lovers, it can be easy to miss moments like these but we must remind ourselves of their significance. It takes a moment to love the brightness of a cloudy sky. You just need to keep your heart open to see it. But if one city can be so luxurious with love, one believes he can find his way one day at your door.
