Paris, JE T'AIME is a great homage to the city's city of light and the city of love, a so complex movie that it almost defies summary and review. Ask a large group of people the impressions of life in Paris and the result would be something of the analogue of this movie. Tied together by each of the sectors or city in the city, the film examines the love of all forms, native natives of Parisian fashion, and tourists interact with the big city. Approximately twenty writers and directors, each and every five minutes of screen time, include Olivier Assayas, Coen Brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, ALfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa, and Gus Van Sant among others well-known. The stories range from hilarious, comical, touching, tragic, banal, tender. In one story of a French youth (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted by a young lithographer (Elias McConnell) pouring his heart to a French-speaking boy only English. In another marriage spouse (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara), she met in the Latin Quarter to finalize divorce proceedings during another marriage in Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell, unconnected to Oscar Wilde's mind. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries joins superstition in a train and bag in tourism, Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with mistress Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until he confides having terminal leukemia, Juliette Binouche meets his agony Son's fantasies and losses at Place des Victoires with the help of a mythical cowboy William Defoe, Sarah Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show a story looking at mistakes in Park Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins play 'a strange relationship at Pigalle , Melchior Beslon plays a young blind at actress Natalie Portman in learning how to see at Faubourg Saint-Denis, vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Madeleine Quartier, Maggie Gyllenhaal is an actress patriot activist out on drugs in the Quartier des Rouges children, and Margo Martindale is a tourist company visiting tourists trying to desperately speak French and has studied for his life on a journey 14th entertainment elegance. <br /> <br /> The final minutes of the film trying to tether along as many of the stories as possible, but this only works on superficial levels. The film is long and there is no bridge between the many stories, a factor that can tired the audience due to the lack of time to assimilate all of the action. But at the end of a rich homage in a big city with the visualizer's supplies and many vines re-visit as a scrapbook in a time of Paris. It's a movie worth seeing many times! Grady Harp
