I took my 19 year old daughter with me to see this exciting exercise in making films. I always find it intriguing to get opinions and opinions from a different generation of movies, especially as I'm like a cynical myself. It is good to find an unprecedented viewpoint from someone who has not yet reached "being there, doing so" approach to every movie she sees. I am happy to say that we both really enjoyed it and considered it as a mother / child evening success out. Far, far better than seeing some dead brain "chick flick", which I pick up what we are supposed to enjoy, according to the demographics? Eighteen directors were asked to produce a short piece of each of the parades in Paris, a city I had not visited in 20 years. But I wish I had. They are linked bonds by joining shots, and represent different approaches to love in the city regarded in popular culture as the romantic capital excellence of the world. Some of these films work better than others, just as other reviews say, it never drops too far into firefighters. Some are funny, some are sad, some intriguing and some just plain plain (I'm always trying to discover some truth in the inside of the "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon" hairdressing salon.) Some are just fun and maybe not should have assigned too much meaning (the vampire and the tourist for example.) Perhaps only my criticism of the whole movie is that he makes Paris look too good. It can also be cold, wet, blur, indifferent and miserable, or, in the summer, hot bake and packed with many tourists that you feel like a sardine in a quarter past hour to see each attraction. But I'm picking feathers. <br /> <br /> My personal favorite by far was Coen's movie shot in the Metro Tuileries station, and started a perfectly cast Steve Buscemi as a confused tourist who inadvertently found himself caught in tiff a lovers. Absolutely perfect, and very, very funny, without Buscemi which has to say a word. I also did so nicely enjoyed the piece on the two mimics artists, which were probably closer to the movie being cutesy - which certainly teetered on the edge of Kitsch, but it just stayed on the right. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer take insight into a meeting with Oscar Wilde's grave leaving me very indifferent, and Juliette Binoche tries to cope with the death of her little boy making me very, very comfortable. I thought both Bob Hoskins and Fanny Ardent pieces, and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands fell slightly flat, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (he was trapped in the jungle? I looked at Sherry Baby last week.) I felt the "pieces of social" pieces (for a better way to put it), worked very well. Then I mean first of all the movie about the young mother leaving her own child on a day care to go and look after another's baby in the city. Then the movie about the African migrant, struggling to exist on the margins of an indifferent society, who stuck and died on the street in front of a young, new paramedic. But another murder case, in a world that sees thousands of dead immigrants in the struggle to reach what they see as a better life, every year. I thought both pieces were well observed. The final film, 14th arrest, in which Margo Martindale plays a zip worker from Colorado tells the story of his first trip to Paris ?? in very serious French accent ?? in his French night class, moved me. A perfect finish, in a good, intriguing, though not quite big, movie. <br /> <br /> Paris je t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it worked very well.
