... for Paris is a must for move. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count how many talents have been immortalized by Paris in painting, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes, and yes - the movie director film Max Ophüls said about Paris, <br /> "It offers the shining boulevards wet under the street lights, breakfast in Montmartre and cognac in your glass, coffee and warm brioch, gigolos and prostitutes at night. All in the world have two fathers: its own and Paris. "Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Je T'Aime "which is subtitled" Petite Romance, "is a short film collection, often drawn from 18 talented directors from all over the world. Each, we become familiar with one of the City of Light 20 brackets and with the Parisians of all ages, gender, colors, and origins that all face the love of its many variations and internships. In some of the "petite petites "We are witnesses of the unexpected encounters of the Gentiles that lead to instant interest, closeness, and perhaps relationships: such as for Podaldez and Florence Muller in the street of Montmartre in the opening film or for Cyril Descours and Leila Bekhti as a White boy and a Muslim-cross-cultural romance girl directed by Gurinder Chadha begin on Quais de Seine.I would include in this category the short film film by Gus Van Sant. "Le Marais" a boy His heart shakes from another boy confessed to sudden unexpected shutdown, screaming fear Mission called - never realized that the object of his interest does not understand French. <br /> <br /> Some of the vines are intensely and even black. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas '16th year, Catalina Sandino Mareno (amazing Oscar nomination for Mary full of Grace) is one, working-class mother who has worked as a nanny in a suburb to pay for her childcare Drop her baby every morning before going to work. One of the most memorable and truly heartbreaking films is "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro co-star as two young people for whom love could happen. There were promises in it but it was cut short due to hatred and intolerance that is present everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Another that really happened to me was "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet, starring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson, and Leonor Watling. Castellitto has fallen out of love with his wife, Richardson but when he's ready to leave with the beautiful mistress, the devastating news from his wife's doctor arrives ... <br /> I can go over to reflect on all 18 small wonders. I love some of them very much. Others have felt weak and maybe they'll forget soon but in general, I'm very happy that I bought the DVD and I know that I'll be back to my favorite movie again and again. They are "Place des Fêtes", which I mentioned previously, "Laure-Lachaise" directed by Wes Craven involving ghosts of one of the wittiest and smart people ever, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of "Sideways" ) who would save one troubled relationship. Payne also ruled "14th arrest" in which a lonely post-worker from Denver, CO explored the city on its own to give voice to the French with the heavy emphasis. Payne's entry is one of the most moving and hilarious "Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Coen and (who else? :)) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both shorts, American tourists sit on the benches (Margo in the park, and Steve in Paris England after visiting Louvers) observing the life around them and the different results. While Margo says, "I feel sad and light, my sadness shines ..." Steve's character is seeking to know that sometimes even the most comprehensive guide and helpful tourists would not help a tourist avoid doing the wrong things at a foreign country.
