Just saw the evening in a digital projection seminar (35mm injection, and first feature film fully checked in 6k mastery of 4k, and projected with 2k projector at ETC / USC Theater in Hwd) .. for much technology. 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among many good French / international directors) were given every 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all shapes and forms, and known actors (Eli Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ..tradingly hilarious ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands .. good news .. and he actually wrote he has been in Msr Depardieu and many good international actors as well .. The stories range from all romance from original comedy and Alex Payne's touch to studying on a woman discovering herself at Van Center and one of the things that is happening anywhere .. can be nothing really offset by French speaking in most sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of current English speaking, though it's probably relegated to art houses (a la Diva.) Also, one piece that could be considered "experimental", but colorful and funny as well, the rest of the study is simple in complex relationships. All easy to follow (unless the "experimental" one irritates your desires for a formal story .. Several bring some emotions to me ... I admit I am affected by the likes of movies ..When presented in something other than sensibility. I even laughed at a piece of mimic, like no other I saw (thank you for that!) The film hit its picks, for me, somewhere around a little over half the way, The last two sequels were collected again. There are some nice shots in Paris at night, lush romantic music kind, usually used good effect, not only schmaltz for "emotion" of sound, generally good synhematics, though some shots seemed to concentrate soft when it could not was meant to be (main character / shot). Gathering of each film was good, and overall structure, though shortly (left out of what would be 20 films, but it was said that all would be on the DVD) seemed to vary between tunes in this movie to maintain a good balance. Not sure when it comes out, but a good study of how to do a 5 min movie work .. and sometimes that does not work (if it covers too much time, emotionally, for a short movie.) In one region should be one when they drop, but they did not know when.
