I was lucky enough to go to a screening in Stockholm for this chic express, enjoyable, and think-provoking movie. With romance as the most heavier weapon in its arsenal, Paris je t'aime boldly plunged into love in Paris, navigating the different shapes of eighteen separate "quartiers", but without cluttering Parisiennes and saccharine formula. Goldmine is undoubtedly stemmed from frustration on the director's party ?? frustration over only 5-10 minutes in screen time ?? So you are only presented with the best and most secure direction of each part. <br /> <br /> Debate if I should not review all 18 segments, I got to the conclusion that it would simply be redundant and skirting. Instead, simply rest ensuring that each director graces the movie with their unique style and agility, and certainly you'll find your favorite. Although Gus Van Center can not resist the temptation to be introspective, its MARAIS LES is one of the best contributions, even tired of a well-established Kurt Cobain reference. The Coen brothers recreate one of the most accessible segments in Paris, a scene with a few Steve, but also emotionally transparent, humorous deadpan and smart camera angles that surely produce the most laughing at my theater, and maybe right so. <br /> <br /> That way, all the story lines are exquisitely unique ?? filter in the minds of different directors ?? but one of the most important part of the rest is the Vincenzo Natali QUARTIER DE MADELEINE, a black heterotype-Gothic love comedy starring Eliya Wood as a lost tourist in the backstreets of Paris in the night that meets a vampiress. With a black-and-white format, but without red contrast color that looks like scratches on the screen, it almost becomes a pastry in Sin City ?? a refreshing, quiet and visual turn into an otherwise impartial movie set. <br /> But my only segment was FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS by Tom Tykwer but I think I was conditioned to think so, giving that I went to the theater with her as my favorite and nudged friend Me at Side It says "finally, this is my favorite director here". But he can not deny that Tykwer delivers a beautiful segment in which a blind boy chooses the phone, and hears from his girlfriend (Portman - for once not annoying) that he breaks up with him, and reflects on his relationship them. As is the style Tywker, the story is dizzyingly fast-paced, kinetic and repetitive, featuring screaming and running (Lola Riet) making it the most adrenaline-pumping segment in Paris je t'aime and possibly also much touched once the tywker begins touch the most powerful tools ?? music. <br /> To counter the negative, it's not all managing directors to handle as touching like Tywker, Wind Center, Cohens, Coixet and Depardieu. Sylvain Chomet scratches the bottom of the deck by digging out a truly disposable segment in which a little boy tells the story of how his parents met. They are two lonely mimics. This is part of your face-French and desperately original that it insults international viewers. Suwa also led a poor and fluffy segment with a very peculiarly-looking Juliette Binoche who leaned the loss of his son. Nothing else happens. Finally, the wrap-up and half of the 18 stories in the end feel a bit running and half-hearted. But Paris je t'aime truly spoils you and quality, for all the other stories are well-edited and acting critically and comedy. It is certainly one of the 2006 highlights (not many, I suppose) and a very personal movie in the sense that it is inevitable to choose a favorite and a lesser favorite. Highly recommended both of the mainstream "hushedness" hearing. <br /> <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
