Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I must admit that I enjoyed the movies that usually despise: "Quintet", if only to give me the pleasure of seeing a grown-up and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was unforgettable as the girl in "prohibited toys" ; HealtH, because she has Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all at the same cast; "Popeye", for this splendid and surreal world, the Olive Ole Shelley Duvall and the beautiful places of Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs", for its proposal in an anti- "adolescent flick"; "Beyond Therapy", for all its world and for the presence of Genèvieve pages, which for all its efforts to watch Paris chic were taken for a travestite ... I even liked his one-acting movies, such as "Waiter of Dumb" and the "Laundromat". When there is not much plot to develop in its film, you have nice performances, from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I see and enjoy the different approach and descriptions made to these different cultures in the United States. It is a pity that his genius is rarely appreciated, and that it is still forgotten when it comes to giving out American awards and awards. It is not your typical mainstream purveyor of imagination. It is more of a maverick. So it's not surprising that I get very bad comment posted here about the "Gingerbread Man", his most 'major' effort on date and my knowledge. I did not know there were so many people thought like Leonard Maltin, who does not like Altman at all. In this case, one can dislike the "Gingerbread Man", but for the more reason to do with Grisham than the director-senarist. Some of the brands are altogether here: dialogue etc., great performance, a funny attorney 's office with typical irreverent desktops and secretaries. While some find it boring, I found the first fascinating act, thanks also to the great cinematography by Changwei Gu, the man who shot "red sorghum", "gentleman" and "my concubine". It has a way to show us the same things we see in other American films, but under a different light. Through its "glimpse aliens", almost everything looks new and different. In the first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until you get older. You can get into trouble if you fall under the spell of a younger and beautiful person like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I did to captivate by someone less than myself! Then you have to repel Robert Duvall's revelator, ominous and mysterious character, while the Geraldo storm threatens Savannah. The second act gets a little trickier and even funny, because Altman can do it with a grin. I remember laughing loudly in several cases and his ironic remarks. I think he has implemented a bit of Brecht, distancing us, preparing us for the third act, which is plain Hollywood Nose. Altman does it with expertise. When a wise person, with an intelligent director, luckily he did not fall into the traps of today's movies. She has led a story of lust, greed and death. I was not disappointed with the film. If I give it a nine instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader turned him to a best selling author. So why do you complain? Maybe we should thank Altman to show us the seams in her story, the dullness, the flatness and the silliness of them all. However, it does so with many girls and humor, that I can not but agree with the negative comments. For me, these people have seen another movie ... With vice versa.
