"The Gingerbread Man is the first thriller I've ever done!" ?? Robert Altman <br /> In 1955 Charles Laughton directed "The Night of the Hunter", a spooky spooky sloth in which Robert Mitchum plays a serious serial killer. One of the most popular films of the movie consists of two children escaped from Mitchum on a canoe, children frantically paddling also Mitchum wades after them as a monster. Seven years after Mitchum played an equally spooky assassin in "Cape Fear", another movie set in the South American. This film was a local lawyer who tried to protect his family and as well as ended up with Mitchum as a pirate. In 1991 Martin Scorsese, trying to branch out and attack something more mainstream, remade "Cape Fear", boat scene with all. <br /> Now we have Robert Altman of the "Gingerbread Man", another slice of the Southern Gothic town. Altman says he has consulted "The Night of the Hunter" for inspiration and tackled as a mainstream film purely because he wanted to "spread his wings and try a popcorn photo", but that he secretly tried to do here is to disinstruct the films canonal in the South Gothic native. <br /> So, instead of a small boat confrontation, we find a confrontation on a giant ship. Instead of two children being kidnapped, we found the kids safe to go back to the police. Instead of hiding money, we have the money they have given them through a lasting will and covenant. Instead of attending a fair lawyer in the 1961 film and scouting lawyer in 1991, we found a three-dimensional lawyer in Kenneth Branagh. Instead of the monster pursuing the family we find the hero pursuing the bad guys. Instead of the crushed monster of family home ships, we have the monster hunting hero on the monster board "board house". Likewise, instead of a serial killer assassination we get an innocent weirdo played by Robert Duvall. . .etc etc. etc. <br /> <br /> Altman goes over and over, reversing everything just a little bit, pulling at the edges and doing its own thing. Earning it is most noticeable during the first half hour film, the existing movie in a comfortable space between the conventional film storytelling history and Altman's for overlapping dialogues, casual narratives, prowling camera movements and way that the characters are not so much presented as their is simply a part of what's happening. <br /> <br /> Still, despite what Altman's best intentions, the movie never rises above mediocrity. The tight altembre of the conventions of the "gambling format" makes much damage, its style is too lethargy to generate tension and the film is simply not radical enough to counteract other canonical films in the genre. "Gingerbread Man" is so handicapped to work as a Altman movie too much and too Altman to work as a primary thriller. The movie is not a complete waste, though. Robert Downey Junior, Kenneth Branagh and usually intolerable Daryl Ana, all turn into juicy performance. The film also has a nice atmosphere, set against a hurricane approaching, and the final act has some interesting twists and turns. While it is not the complete disaster that Scorsese of "Cape Scary" was, the film still never amounted to anything special. <br /> 7/10 ?? In Altman's 90s Altman made 3 successive films set in the South American: "Kansas City", "Gingerbread Man" and "Fortune Cookie". Unlike "Gingerbread Man", both "Kansas City" and "Fortune Cookies" attack the genre on wider, more compassionate campaigns that Altman were most comfortable with. "Kansas City" is the most important of the two films, its hierarchies in class, politics and crime, and its desire to break radically away from gangster genres, has proven to be influential on all 21-year-old film crime writers (see, for example, "the wire"). This was said, "The Fortune Cookie", while a much brighter story, is perhaps the best picture. <br /> <br /> Note: Altman claims that this is her first thriller, but she directs "Image", a comedy home artist, in 1972. <br /> <br /> Worth one look.
