Robert Altman should not make a movie like this, but the fact that he's done- and it seems to be a thoughtful and well-thrilled thriller in this delivery-tradition of Grisham thrillers- shows a versatility that is laudable . In the gingerbread man he actually has to work with something that, unfortunately, is not always very successful, or at least it's not the first thing on his list as director: draw. There is one large, juicy almost pot-pot site where a sleazy attorney gets caught up with a desperate low-grade woman and then a nefari figure that the woman is related to entering their lives in the ways that Most stupid, twisted and drawn revenues, yada yada. And it is surprising that Altman would really want to take on one of these "I've seen that coming out of the back!" ending, or just as a semi-conventional comedy. <br /> But it's a surprise that pays off because, oddly enough, Altman is able to catch some of the behaviors that are pretty well, or rather it is unable to involuntarily coax it out of a very well-dressed ensemble, in a small Georgian town-setting . The film of gout and atmosphere (if not total supplementary professions, sometimes good and sometimes just decent for Altman), as Savannah is perhaps going to be hit by a huge hurricane and the swamp and curse and rain keep things soaked and muggy and moist . So, the atmosphere is really potent, but is performance from (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the 'woman' that Branaugh attorney gets caught up with, and Robert Downey Jr (when he * is not good *) private detective at Branaugh's staff. Did I neglect Robert Duvall, who's just five minutes from screen time to make such an unforgettable impression to hang the bad vibes in the picture over? <br /> <br /> As said, some of the draw is a bit weak, or just kind of standard (attorney is divorced, bitter dwarf battle, innocence and kid's jumps), but at the same time I think Altman has seen something fascinating in the material, something darker than some of the other Grisham works that have to stand out somehow. If it is not fully mastery, it is still working on its limited term as a ki-will-happen-future mystery-south-noir.
