Steven Spielberg wanted to have an Oscar so bad that he thought he would not win when he led special epic (he was nominated for three of them: "Closing Encounters of the Third Kind", "Raiders of the Lost Box ", and" ET: The Extra-Terrestrial ".. So it was decided to get seriously in directing the" Purple ", a film film with no special effects .. First Spielberg's first play is a movie Notable. But the Academy voters who voted back in 1985 still did not give Spielberg any respect to the "Purple" received 11 Oscar nominations including best photos, but Spielberg was unjustly snubbed when he was not nominated for Best Director. It got worse on Oscar night then film was not one Oscar .It was completely shut out .. That was not right. The "Purple" should have won a couple of Oscars including one for the first spectacular film of Whitney Goldberg as Celie, a woman suffering from In the hands of an abusive husband (frightfully set by Danny Glover), then gets s Tronger throughout the movie thanks to some special friends. Oprah Winfrey also made his first film here and gave a great performance as Sofia, one of the 'friends of Celie. Since I'm from Chicago, I've already known Winfrey from her talk show (which at this time released this movie did not go to all countries). Like Goldberg, what a first movie! Margaret Avery is terrific as Shug Avery, another friend who also happens to be the mistress of Celie's rotten girl. All three actors are nominally nominated Oscar for their work here (Goldberg for Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery for Best Actress). Set in the south during the first half of the 20th century, the "Purple" is a movie so strong that it makes me cry in the end. He also made me laugh at times too. Why the Academy's voters were so challenging by the Spielberg nomination for Best Director is a mystery that still presses me today. But Spielberg would eventully go in to win two Oscars years later for the "Schindler's List" and "Private Ryan Saving", making it one of the best film directors of all-time. But he should have gotten nominated for this movie. The task that he made from special blockbusters like "E.T." In a serious drama like the "Purple" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (from four)
