TIGERLAND / (2000) *** 1/2 (from four) <br /> Do not Blake French: <br /> <br /> Throughout the year the audiences have seen and understood the movie Wars with all the possible point of view, And somehow producers and writers still come up with new and innovative methods of portrait of various soldiers on the battlefield. Joel Schumacher ("8MM," "A Time to Kill"), easily one of the riskiest directors currently working, found the resemblance to the "Red Line Thin" in the path of its new "Tigerland" drama in a single soldier shoe la. This film, written by Ross Klavan and Michael McGuther, has more courage and urgency than the "Thin Red Line" or even "Private Ryan Saving." Although the dramatic impact of the film somewhat decreased due to the pervertity of the present material, it certainly illuminated us on a new perspective of young boys' training for war. I want to know about Joel Schumacher and the army. Are the guys really unabashed and brutal? I'm sure some of them are, but the movie sees its compromise world in the eyes of a young man named Roland Bozz (Colin Farrell), who rebels against the ideas of war. His personality immediately counteracts with several other characters, one who gets his best friend, Paxton (Matthew Davis), and another, Wilson (Russell Richardson), whose flamingly temper often exaggerates the bloodshed of Bozz and the idea of ​​going war. The show war in this production is not found in a battlefield, but on training grounds in a Louisiana teaching camp that is based on concepts and fears of soldiers in training. This film is especially about the preparation for war, nothing more has nothing less. It ends when the soldiers finally go to war, disappointing qualities since witnessing the characters in action would serve as a submarine discount. <br /> Injecting in about 28 days using 16mm stock and a miniscule budget, Joel Schumacher accurately shows a brazen, bad, cruel, and countless atmosphere using cinematic, unique lighting techniques and direct sounds. Schumacher's blind and blow-out image makes the film feel like a documentary feature. This unusual style of smoky contributes to the realistic realism of the movie, quite graphical in its use in coarse language, perhaps a little too disturbing. Waves of the four-letter word book of the audience, some of the trauma of what they hear. Even the extreme amount of vulgar does not hold the dialogue from dominant as heartbreaking, true, and emotional. <br /> <br /> If anything, "Tigerland" gives us a minor appreciation of how many soldiers we are going to get to land at the start of combat. These warriors must be engaged in the army during times of war, knowing the difficulties and risks that they have taken. These thoughts-provoking ideas are made possible through the heartbreaking performances by the young aspirant actors that show various trainers. This film is not for all audiences but one teenager should take a look at the top of the army ... and adult audiences should look appreciated the courage needed to do this. <br /> <br />
