The trip to Bodard Ted is an existance trip to mortality, religion, time, sky and hell, the man's quest for fame and his fears of the body being overcome by a similar car. It is the smarter task of fiction since the Lost Paradise and numerous great works of past work in art - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This dude is a popular rock band that traveled in time to collect icons from the past - Napolean, Joan of Ark (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde, and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, kidnapped a couple of princesses, and finally learned to play guitars and write hit songs. These songs teach the world of love again and war, hunger, evil to victory for eternity. We are fast forward in the distant future where an evil dictator who despises good music called Simon Cow-Al wants to rule the world. She eats Rooshus (the cool guy from the first movie that helps Bill Playboy to quit with Ted Theodore Alvin) and the power gained by sending the cyborgs back in time. Cyborgs live tissue on exoskeleton metals and coated in mimetic aluminum that allows them to survive in turmoil in time travel, and can imitate anything they sample by physical contact. It is their job to kill the good Biff and Fred and take on the lives of making horrible music with no-one would like. By doing this they will change the world forever - Gryll and Jed's music will never leave a world of war, hunger, hatred, and more annoyingly, classy boy / girl group pop music. There is a thrilling twist as the good guys actually are killed and have to work out a way to save the world, themselves, and their wives from the evil dwellers Dopplebangers. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge of both youth culture and real culture by combining modern day music with phrases and modern posters with artistic references, and looking to teach you everything by delving into our many psyche show us ourselves. He presented the nightmares facing the late 80's in a abandoned society and it's apparent to dissect the strukturalist junk post, self-love, and discomfort in the time. Charging us with a belief that we can indeed change the world it is an inspiring message, but in order to realize as our dreams be traverse and indeed to face our nightmares. To overcome is successful, to defeat Death is the first step in truly alive and not merely surviving. In words Kenneth Reeves- 'Wow!' Best Scene: For a fun-seen game, how many songs, bands, and albums cover your references across the movie. There are at least 6.
