1991 saw the release of the two best suits of all time: TERMINATOR 2: JUDGMENT DAY AND BILL & TED'S BOGUS JOURNEY. From the two, I still love BILL & TED'S BOGUS JOURNEY a bit better. TERMINATOR 2: Judgment Judgment is best done, but there's just nothing like Bill and Ted. Besides Chris Farley and David Spade of TOMMY BOY, it's hard to think of a larger duo than Bill and Ted. They are one of a kind. <br /> Seemingly influenced by the National Lamp O.C. and Stiggs, Bill and Ted were created by Ed Salomon and Chris Matheson, two talented writers who invented the duo while performing in a local theater at L.A. back in the 1980s. The two quickly began to write a scenario about two and before long BILL & TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE was born. The film, shot in 1987 and released in 1989, became a major box office success with an instant class classic. It was not time before work started on the end. Stephen Herek, the director of 'EXCELLENT ADVENTURE' did not sting on work on the end since he considered it to be too mean-frustrating and unlike the first one so Peter Hewitt, making his first feature film, brought in directed end. There could not have been a better director for the job. BILL & TED'S BOGUS JOURNEY is wonderful. It fills with its own unique style and energy that can not match. <br /> <br /> What makes 'BOGUS RUN' one of the best suites ever is that it's darker than the original, it's just like fun. It does not change the characters as most end perform. Bill and Ted are the same characters who live in the movie first. This is because it was written by the original writers. Most things are not written by the same writers as the first one, but since 'BOGUS JOURNEY' had the same screenwriters, it ended up being just as good as 'excellent adventure' if not even better. Just like the first one, 'BOGUS JOURNEY' is absolutely hilarious, well written, fun, and above all, the original. It is full of spectacular special effects and fantastic comedy performances from Alex Winter, Keanu Reeves, and William Sadler. It's an unforgettable journey. 10/10
