Genteel, gently speaking drama from Steven Spielberg was his first real enterprise in this genre. A departure from his usual fantasy / fantasy adventure, he paved the way for his success in 1993, "Schindler's List". Based on the Pulitzer Prize Alice Walitzer Prize winning novel, the wedding anniversary story affects the girl's difficulty in a brutal, angry farmer and her painful separation from her beloved little Nettie girl. While the plot - on compassion, abuse and the power of love healing all the injuries - is often powerful and moving, he wandered from the fault of continuity and scenario scrambling Meyjes' scratch. The "Purple" is at times hard to follow and on one or more occasions tends to be a bit irregular in regard to time frames. This scripting error has cost the viewer in depth and details obviously present in Miss Walker's novel. A real shame that Maestro Spielberg was able to pick out and correct the problems, as most of the show is a wonderful example of his great ability as a director. The performances are all strong, and Whoopi Goldberg does a first - that he never matched with achievement consideration - as the heart breaks Celie who just cares to be loved. Danny Glover provides solid support, though his "Moses" was a superior turn for him in "Places of the Heart". The exceptional exposure from the Unhappy Oprah Winfrey as Miss Sophia, minded single, fights black women who have the spirit broken by a terrible incident involving a patronizing, upper-class white woman. Good support also comes from Margaret Avery, Adolph Caesar and Rae Dawn Chong. Quincy Jones (Co-Producer and Spielberg, Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall) have penned a beautiful melody note and also provided some original blues for the occasion. Correcting from Michael Kahn is sound as always, while director of photography Allen Daviau displays skill skills in capturing some beautiful scenery of South. This true affair in the heart will surely bring a tear in your eyes, it is just our sadness left with many unanswered questions. Wednesday, January 15, 1997 - Video
