Ying, a Chinese-speaking Chinese girl, invites you to screen a Czech film (with English translation) of the Department of Visual and Environmental Studies (VES). It was the first time I saw Samotáři (Loners, 2000) and it was very good. Much like in many other Czech movies, the seven central characters seem to have a very difficult, dirty life; The internet indicates that this term was popular among the US cinemas in the early 1990s. Relationships are broken, combined, and recombining. Another typical feature of the Czech films is that neither of the characters are designed to be a universal negative one and neither of them is a positive positive positive either. Also, you can see how characters are judging the features of others depending on the context; This is a very realistic feature of the psychological analysis of the film. <br /> <br /> Ondřej is a talented surgeon and young bride with two daughters. But you learn that he only studied neurobiology to prove how he liked another woman, Hanka. She is so obsessed that she repeatedly dressed as a plumber to enter Hanka's parents home - a home that she repeatedly shot. Meanwhile, Hanka has a very tangible relationship with her parents. She just decided - by sending a coin - breaking up with Petr working in a private radio station. Hanka does not see her bourgeois life as a good example but looks rather unsuccessful in creating a better environment. But it is a very flexible figure, as far as kind of boyfriends goes. <br /> For a while, Hanka seems to have serious plans with Jakub, an innocent drug addict that seems to be rather devastating by the drugs. However, friends in her group informed Jakub that she had another girlfriend. Hanka is ashamed and returns to her parents. When Hanka and Peter break up, it is organized by Robert, a matchmaker who also works for a travel agency where his job is to show the life of ordinary Czech people to Japanese tourists. Robert - who also gives Jakub and Marijuana - never be serious about anything and usually sleeps with many different women; Eventually, his mother dies in a hospital and has his own way to deal with the depression. <br /> <br /> Vesna (a Slavic word for "Spring") that came to Prague from Macedonia is working as a barada - and you will not learn whether he came to Czechia in order to see his father or UFO. It looks very confused but sometimes helps the other characters out of trouble. <br /> <br /> Petr is working at the radio station and he's the only one who loves his job - a job that he eventually lost. He announces his hearing that he broke down with Hanka - which is how Ondřej learns about the news that makes him happy. <br /> <br /> Finally, Ondřej's wife Lenka is still ready to forgive her and stabilize their wedding - even after Ondřej asked a magician to make her disappear so Ondřej can try to take Hanka again. (The magician pays his debt because he is a victim of a victim of an important car accident - Jakub and Hanka bring victims to the hospital and Ondřej save his life.) Lenka also works for the travel agency - as a translator - and eventually read has translated some hysterical scenes for 20 or so Japanese tourists who shoot movies during Hanka's dinner. <br /> <br /> Seven characters communicate in interesting and interesting ways that would be natural if Prague was the smallest in four magnitude order. Given the current size of the Czech capital, it seems a bit easy that all these events would take place among seven people, but it is fun.
