I reflected back in the days when I kept my romantic hat to smell it in existence in my time alone when I was 16. The moments in these films are so accurate and right on speed and so is happening in the minds and hearts of young girls during those years of age. Now, in my age I want to preach to them on how to make decisions and how life during these times is not as important as it all looks at these moments. That if they can be patient in their teens and expect to experience the difficulties of life both externally and internally that life would be very sweet. But then again young people today have faced some variations that I never had to deal with a teens. <br /> <br /> The three main characters are well played by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) giving us the very credible presentation of a piece of reality for young girls live in bad situations. Their poor family life has all been raised by single mothers and expectations of Lanisha who have fathers who are present, but are not actively supporting day by day. They have poor educational systems and direct direct contact and role model completion. These situations strongly affect them and are facts, but all these have no great anxiety of these young women in the day days. They exclude difficulties and focus on things even young girls all over the world are concerned with. Find true love of a man, with good friends that you can depend on, taking some respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoying life. This film was about to cross the race, age and gap difference imposed on it by its character and the environment in which it is jumping. <br /> <br /> The director and writer McKay explained on the DVD how each of the scenes entered his head, not only observing young people at that age who lived in these kind of neighborhoods. Plus you add three ups and come actresses that are not so far removed from that time in their own lives that you get a real good synergy in reality and act in its best. The one thing I know about (African Americans and Hispanics) is that there is always a family member or neighbor in the foreground or near land that believes in a better day with better life and future in spite of The current situation and role models are in some measure. That has never touched the film in order not to preach and I understand that but it also nagoud the culture there is no hope of anything other than themselves. <br /> <br /> The HOPE Factor: I now think about my future and where I came from and say as Lanisha did 'Today is a good day.' Yes poverty always exists, racism, sexism, and any other one that we can add. Yes, some of these girls are perpetrating their own and self-destructive actions, everything around them is poor, but none of these actions are past or present nor their environment left hopeless for a brilliant future. I was left with sad hope in each of the characters and a deeper desire to be a role model in the life of some girls on the edge of a destructive decision. I think his film value should not only entertain but cause each of us to think, reflect and then act in some positive ways to make this world a better place.
