"Some days, we will walk in the rays of a beautiful sun. Some days when the world is the most brilliant" - 5 Stairsteps "Ooh Tim" <br /> The Black Youth Cinema usually involves inner gang city reports to drugs or commits violence in a hip-hop band. Movies about the daily issues of ordinary interior teenagers are hard to find, but have an unknown gem that I would like to recommend. Our song, by Jim McKay, is about three girls in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn that learns that high schools will be closed to remove asphalt and have to decide on future directions, one that can involve separate ways. The story is said to point out in a 15 year old, not from an adult reminiscent of the past as in most coming to broadcast movies. Avoid the required street slang with excessive use of F-words, delivering an honest portrait and love of three friends at a crossroads of life. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson), and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their sophomore years in local high schools. They are active members of the Steppers Jackie Robinson, a real-life band that has rehearsals for a Labor Day parade to provide discipline and purpose in life. Like Washington George Gordon Green, but less stylized, films featuring non-professional black and Latino actors and Kerry Washington as the exceptional. While performances have some amateur moments, I've become so involved with the story that I forgot the girls were even acting. Maria, whose father was in prison, learned that she was pregnant by Terrell, a local student. She wants to have the baby despite the fact that she's only 15 and knows that Terrell is probably not going to be very helpful. Joycelyn works in a dress up-scale store but dreams about becoming a singer. In a very intense scene in her room, she pretends to be talking to her fans, then lying in the bed reciting one of her poems. It is near Lanisha and Maria at the beginning, but the flow of friends outdoors in the neighborhood. None of the girls receive much support from home and Maria is too afraid to tell her mother about her baby. But the sole mothers are not deadbeats typical film or alcohol. They are warm parents and loved ones whose time and their children are limited because of the pressure to support the family. <br /> <br /> Parents Lanisha are divorced but can visit his father, a doorman in a luxury apartment building and talk about music. Her mother is comforted when Lanisha learns that a neighborhood friend has committed suicide, a little melodramatic point drawn in a otherwise realistic film. As the summer wind goes down, the girls float apart and each decides on a different course. There is no great dramatic moment, however, only the sad recognition of the inevitability of change. Even if we do not have blinders about the frustrations that can be expected, we identify with the hopes and expectations of the negative. Our song is an emotional film to meet growing in the projects that refuse to view life in any other theme than possibilities.
