When you start watching this animation-masterpiece, you quickly notice, that it's a European production. Although the Europeans have (unfortunately) integrate some of the glories you would normally find in an American production of this type, most missing. One of these is that there is an overwhelming harm that only us (very few and very easy) heroes can overcome. Another is that one of the only group in the business for the money is greedy, runs away when the heat is up, but somehow gives in its best quality. This movie would be better without both. <br /> The movie is based on a TV set that took four years before the movie. Unlike the movie, the TV-series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. At first I thought the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot but I was quickliy convinced: Anyone who made the animation knew his or her thing! Although the characters are obviously fictional (in the stills are not even real look), they look like alive and sensitive as the audience after their demands. Make non-standard characters that can be considered to be deformed (these micro-legs can never carry that giant body left alone make it jump) so alive and lovable is more than just a "record"! The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much because of its looks, but because of the invasion of it. The world of our hero travels is not as solid as our own, but is made of many pieces of land varied in shape and size that seem to be floating in the middle of the air. When someone steps on a smaller fragment of soil, it nods a bit as if feathered from the weight. In some cases up and down does not apply, but our hero still managed to get a leg somewhere. Although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, in this film it is absolutely credible and after a while it does not seem any weirder than running in a car somewhere in New York. Looks like the world is not as breathtaking as the idea. As true as this might be in my mind, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention of detail is staggering. Although the figures of characters have relatively few attributes, emotion can be as clear as in Sean Connery's or Dustin Hoffman's face. The world around the characters is pretty colorful and no two settings are similar. The fundamentals are always in motion, something still goes on making the world seem even more alive. If you stop the movie and look in the background you will be amazed how much detail you can find. The existence of Hector actually put Cherry on top. Hector is a little furry "thing" (possibly the equivalent of a dog in our world) which is totally lovable and very funny. Although it's not really important to draw the main, it should be missed as Scrat would be at the Ice Age. The really cool thing about Hector is that you need to talk Gibberish to understand her. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so great, why did not I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot in itself was rather thin. Two hunters are sent out to rescue the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, not really original. That in itself would not be much of a problem. What I missed was background information. What kind of dragon was this and why did he look like that? I love mythic stories but if they get too thin then they seem to be writing after the movie ends in a weak attempt to give the whole thing some depth. <br /> Another thing I did not like was Bone. Although a girl like she might consider adorable, she was a bit of a pain in this movie. It seemed pretty resistant to all kinds of learning about reality, keeping dreams of some heroes in a story book and basically slowing down the others. It would be good if it developed a little more and a little earlier in the movie - or was less of a girly to begin with. For me the idea of ​​this girl who had to twist the story a little flaw on the writers. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a really good movie for just about all ages.
