First impression I would be this is Beowulf only with all the good bits of fighting Grendel and dragons intact, making it one thrill ride from the start to end. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, two of them created a fabulous landscape that became a character in itself in history, and its ever-changing environment made in small spheres of floating countries around, which can be either be wastelands, or globe in the green. <br /> The story of a single simple, saying in a country that cowering in expectation of a strong desire to warrior warriors to rob and destroy, and the resident knights all but being eliminated. The entry of Zoe's grandson (Marie Drion) gathers Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a big brutal and immense force but really a gentle giant, and his partner in Gwizdo (Patrik Timsit), who balances the partnership with his brain cunning. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (along with pets are too proud to spews fire pens) shared a common dream of owning a farming country with idyllic days that tend to farm animals in retirement, but in order to do so comes the condition of being financially free, hence the careers of monster extermination that does not exactly pay. <br /> This basically of all that's in it, but that makes this movie a spectacle, its CG graphics, which is solidly rich, detailed, with a blind eye-popping sight. It has some wonderful piece of fabricated action that has been scrupulously designed to draw you into thickness of the action, and during these battle sequences, there's a boring moment. Photos-realistic moments of non-existent scenery make you set aside the fantasy of make-believe, and it's easy to be wavy in the landscape that goes beyond the usual three-sun and a kaleidoscope of flying thingamajigs (here there's you George!) And I could not get enough of the final battle as well, though the usual brick-bats will get some fault in the indestructibility of the principle characters. <br /> I think this movie has opened my eyes that there are many more computer-animated companies out there around the world that have quality of their products to match that of Pixar. And this is definitely a movie that the local filmmakers of zodiac: the race begins with legend in the sea can learn from ?? keep the story very simple, and let your moving jobs do all the talk. Definitely highly recommended!
