Initially, I would think Sunshine's secret had something crucial to say in religion (and here being Christianity), and wonder if it would be something of an annuity against the sick of blind faith, or the manipulative power of men which supposedly holier than you. Surprisingly, it was not one of the sort and was largely unreliable, set in event events as a matter of fact, and allowed the audience to draw their own judgment and conclusion. <br /> And I can not help but chuckle in the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who took a sympathy for Shin-ee's widow (Jeong Do-yeon), and started going to church when he did. The reason for church will be many people I think, either to find peace inside, to seek help, fear of eternal condemnation of fire in hell, to restore faith, or even such as wanting to get married in a church, or skirt skirt (i kid or not). But in every self-righteous reason for rising from church every Sunday and participating in prayers for thanksgiving, what is indeed dangerous is when the foreign hiding motives, do not get satisfied, and that's when frustration sets inch Or when you discover those hypocrites can, show a face inside the house, and show another outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-Ae and her son Jun moved to the city of Miryang, which is the birthplace of her deceased husband. Wanting to start life again, it opens a piano store to give lessons, even though discovering the new freedom it finds and at the wrong time of good judgment, there is another tragedy that happened to him. And take one moment to get to. Sunshine's secrets really take time to get to this point, where things begin to get a little more exciting with Shin and now take embrace religion to deal with and accept their current state, reveling in the comfort of religion , and fellow believers can offer. What started as cried out for sympathy turning in accepting and believing that religion offered that silver bullets to solve the sickness of all mankind, and sometimes you wonder if it's because of your personal myopic life in what is the hosts will do for you, that you begin to adopt a selfish self-opinion that all the good things go your way, and in the case of the Shin-ee, its magnanimous atmosphere of wanting to forgive others who have controlled it, Remember a very basic thing that it feels can be off both ways too .. The last act is probably the most fun as it says so much, where most of us can identify with - why me, and why not someone else, even as we rage against our faith and begin to question, unfortunately, without difficult and quick answers available. It is then either we fall along the path, or continue with destructive acts so rebellious. But somehow the plug carefully pulled into Sunshine secrets so as not to offend, and what could be an ugly character microphone, got muted. <br /> If you bite into this movie's hype, then you will be able to achieve the excellent portrait Jeong Do-Yeon worth mentioning, as it totally owns her role as Shin's widow who is probably the person The most unlucky on the Earth has to deal with many tragedies over a short period of time, and if you look at it carefully, most of them in its own doing. Watching her transformation is worth the fare, and despite having my favorite Korean actor Song Kang-ho actor in the movie, this is something she just breezed right.
