The most interesting things about Miryang (secret Sunshine) are the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, as Lee Shin-ae, is the main character, a woman with a young man who has died in a tragic accident, leaving Seoul to live in Miryang, her home town, and child her husband. Jeon's face is very versatile. She is girlish, flirtatious, elegant, aged and sad, desperate and happy, with her and forced to isolate not turning, and she's all in her face. The movie also star Song Kang-ho as Kim, a man who meets when his car breaks down to Miryang, who happens to run a garage in town, and who followed it until later, despite his apparent shortage in interest in his attentions. Singing is the largest star in Korea now renowned for his work with Park Chan-Wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for revenge men; Memories of killings and the army). But here, he plays a released character, almost a forgotten one. But of course it makes him interesting and curiously appealing. It is the essential ballast to keep Jeon characters from floating away. Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. He came to the new town, which is a neutral place, a kind of poor-male in Seoul, a city "just like anywhere else," as Kim says (as it is in a way just like anyone else). Her little boy is sprightly, like the boys, but clearly damaged and removed at times too. His father used to snore, and when he missed him he was lying awake, pretending to snore. He goes to school, and Shin and meet parents and students and traders. There is a sense of place in the movie, though the place is in a sense "anywhere." People talk of the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and the Shin-origin Seoul immediately notice. Is life really harder here, away from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ea seems to realize the danger it's in. <br /> <br /> Something terrible happened. And Shin-and not necessarily deal with it in the best possible way. But it came and it must face the consequences. But he can not. He goes to pieces. Someone who commits is kept, but this is no incentive. Eventually it became so discouraged, it slowed down and went to a Christian-born Christian-friend of a friend who squeezed it to attend. He finds peace and disclosure. But when he decided not only to forgive those who committed the crime, but to go to the prison to tell him that experience was filled with irony and he destroyed it all over again. He gets bothered and desperate and is not found in religion. And worse than that. <br /> <br /> Jeon Can-Yeon gives it all of this highly demanding and protein role. Lee Chang-Dong can be a very good director. If a high-actor of Kang-ho-song expresses enormous admiration for him, that's convincing. According to Scott Foundas of LA weekly, the first three Lee Lee, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) marked him as "one of the leading figures in his resemblance to his country's resemblance." But this is not the success of a movie like those of other Korean executives whose work I have seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and the prodigious, almost perversely-gifted Chan-wook Park. It may indeed start as Foundas says as a kind of "Asiatic Alice Do not Stay Here Anymore" and then "Suddenly and Without Warning" gets to "something in a thriller, and some time later a Bressonian's almost extensive study suffering. "But this progression not only seems random and unmistakable; The movie films and loses its momentum toward the end and then simply fizzles out, with no sense of an end. There are also weaknesses in the action. Shin and get lucky with her son and make bad choices altogether. If it was destined for madness like Betty of Betty Blue Jean-Jacques Beineix, which would explain his peculiar choice and error, it is not a good thing to develop. This is an exciting movie, certainly one disturbing, but one that leaves a doubtful and dissatisfied, after putting one in an emotional wringer. An official selection of the New York Film Festival presented at Lincoln Center, 2007 an event that was made right by Korean filmmakers in the recent past.
