Cinema cinema can be quite surprising for a Western audience, because of the multiplicity of tones and how you can get in the same movie. In a Coreen drama like this "Sunshine Secret", you will also find some funny parties, thrilling scenes and romantic times. "There is not only tragedy in life, there's also tragic-comedy" says at a point in the film of the character interpreted by Song Kang-ho, summing up the mixture of the picture. But do not get me wrong, this heterogeneity in the way the film deals with, adds veracity to the rich film experience offering its viewers. That does not mean that it lacks unity: on the contrary, it's rare to see such a deep and deep portrait of a woman in pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-AE, who's in demand for a quiet life with her son in the native city of her late husband, really gives, not all the different faces of her suffering will go to, this movie unit. It is realistic part of the eradication of the psychological descriptions of all the moments of the poor mother who is going through. Refusal, loss, anger, faith, pertuss in reality: The freeze film all steps cross the characters, and looks like a psychological pathologist in every phase of a woman can experience. Only the thing is to accept what may seem a conceptual experience (the woman wearing the mask of tragedy, this man represents the funny interludes) and leaving the art of the film to touch you. I must say that some parts of the movie really made me (especially at the beginning), particularly those regarding the inability of Chang Joan to really help one of her likes, but also that the accumulation of suffering emotionally tired me to end. But some cinematographic ideas are really enchanting and surprising (the scene where a body discovered in a great shot is for instance amazing). This kind of scene makes "Sunshine's Secret" equivalent to the fuss of the "Army" for horror movies or "Memory of Murder" for thrillers. These films are indeed surprising, most original, incredible aesthetics, and manage to give another dimension to the genres they deal with. The only thing that "Sunshine's secret" forgot, as the "army" forgot to be afraid, is to cry to its audience: bad point for a melodrama, but good point for a good movie.
