Sunshine Secrets marks return to Lee Changdong's film director-after a multi-year absence. Having three acclaimed films already under his belt, he recruited veteran thespian Jeon Doyeon and his considerable (Cannes-win) talent for the main role of Lee Shinae. What follows is a trip to a woman's tragedy and an exploration of her survival mechanism. One of the things that becomes apparent while watching Sunshine secrets is that it does not really care to follow any specific genre, but rather pick up genre characteristics when needed to convey what it tries to convey. The story itself follows Lee Shinae as he moves with his son to the city of Milyang (whose Chinese-Korean is translated into Sunshine secrets). She moved to Milyang in the aftermath of her husband's death as her hometown, so the movie was born in tragedy. And you think that things can just get as best as it opens a piano store and a bit bit of a bumbling nice-guy mechanic Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. As we (and Jongchan, doggedly) follow Shinae as she encounters Milyang and the fate that she has in store for her, the slots of her gun quickly become apparent. She is a troubled woman trying to understand about her own strength to overcome tragedy and we look as she finds it is not enough. Sunshine secrets still managed to follow a mostly aristotelic arcade arch, but pulled back on the catharsis, which could confuse some viewers, especially the finish, but the novelist symbolic novels in the name of Milyang, the sunshine discussions and the prints used in pretty films well let me meet, once I started thinking about the movie a few more. Jeon is rather impressive at all, especially considering that if the role was any less well played, it would have quickly turned into a rather painful melodrama but captured the nuances of Shinae's attempt to cope with its loss subtlety coating. Mr. Song has a smaller role in this movie than other films, but he does well, accordingly, to Ms. Jeon's steps. Technically, the film is well done in a classic sense. No flashy aesthetics are working here - the director is clearly trying to let the story say to himself. I think I'm just a complaint, and one that might not be fixed, is that despite all of our time with Shinae, there's a bit of distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least me). I think some of this stem from the nature of the work, because if their total liking was pushing, then we would not be able to see the issues that Shinae have objectively. On the other hand, I never felt moved along with Shinae's struggle, despite her tears, and increasingly irregular behavior. All the same, the film still stands quite impressive, especially in that it encourages me to think about it, the broader meaning of it and its ruminants on tragedy, survival, self-deception, isolation and confidence Glued to me well after credit ended up running. Pushed by a strong lead performance, I honestly did not notice it 2.25 hours exe. And that says something. Well done. 8/10.
