Sunshine Secrets (2007) is famous for its awards at the Cannes Festival in 2007 and other films. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the new-born Shin and was the best actress of the 60th Cannes festival. Sunshine's secret was also a winner of best feature films and jeon-Do Yeon got a better actress node from Asia Pacific Screen Pricing. In addition, this film won the best film awards in virtually all Korean movie festivals. Mastery writing and directing, and uniquely photographing, Sunshine secrets expresses the hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful because of continuous tragedy. This film also mentions the forgiveness of God and man. Lee Chang Dong, director and writer of this film, said in an interview, "In a vast sense, I wanted to express what love is and this movie might be a melodrama in a sense. Without love, we can not talk about hope and salvation. "Lee acknowledged that Sunshine's secret had no apparent genre. This film is not a movie about religion, but it has drawn attention to many Christians in Korea because there was a lot of Christian elements in the movie. <br /> <br /> The turning point in Sunshine Secret comes when Jun, Shin-son, is kidnapped and killed. The kidnapper requires money because it assumes that since it can buy land, it must be rich. His lies are very painful. <br /> <br /> Shin and become a church-goer and want to forgive the murderer. She decided to go to her son's murderer in prison and forgive her. Jong-chan, Guy Shin-ae's friend, says, "Just forgiving in your heart. Do you have to go to the prison?" It's her church to cheer her and say she will pray for her. Pastor agrees with what he wants to do. This is a sad moment because it's too early to do an action. The outcome of the meeting with the murderer is another turning point in Shin's life. The assassin says with a peaceful smile that he has already been forgiven by God. This spark spells in his direction toward God. He said, "How could you forgive the man before I forgive?" <br /> It starts fighting against God. It looks up to heaven and proclaims, "I will not lose you." He becomes a trap, his heart is a snare, and his hands are chains. It's more than death. It gets crazier and crazier and sends to a mental hospital. On the day Shin-Ae is discharged from the hospital, she goes to a beauty shop and sees a familiar face. The daughter of her son's murderer is working in the shop and cutting her hair. The murderer's daughter helped kidnap Shin's son. While shaving her hair, the protagonist can not understand what's going on and she's out of the shop quickly. It's hard not to talk about Jong-chan's movie. Jong-chan does his best for the Shin-side side. Although Shin-and does not care about it all, it's around him all the time. Shin-ee left church quickly, but Jong-chan, who began to attend church because of Shin-Ae, stayed there because he feels peaceful with God. Lee Chang-Dong, director of Sunshine Secret, says that Jong-chan is like Milyang (secretive sun), the rural city or vice versa. It seems to be "too exclusive and reliable, but it is still two steps behind him and takes care of him." Milyang is like him. " Mr. Lee adds, "Someone who joked that Jong-chan would be an angel, I think he could be the angel." Who knows? We can not say to make sure no angel. " If there is someone like Jong-chan who forever lends his lover torsion and turns, we can defend ourselves against the great power. The life of Shin-Ae is full of sense. Her husband died after she was cheated on her, and only her son killed a crisis by one after she moved to her husband's city. And his soul was damaged because he learned Christianity in a wrong way ?? and makes her crazy, literally. It's too easy to say that her life is filled with senselessness. Does he still have the hope of his life? Can he get the meaning of his life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin and try to cut her hair by herself: we walk our life's journey by ourselves. He, however, realizes that it is difficult to do it by himself, and we know that we can not do everything by ourselves. We see Jong-chan holding the mirror for her while cutting her hair. That is her hope. He has Jong-chan next to him, and he wants to help him in whatever situation he is. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel for her. If we feel that an angel is always around and behind us, we can find joy in life even if we face adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Sunshine secrets have been a hot topic in conversation in Korea. It is like Da Vinci Code. While Da Vinci Code helps us to discuss early church history, Sunshine secrets invite us to cope with the reality of life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a deep interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this film will help us to see under the surface. Some say they left service in church worship after viewing Sunshine secrets, and Lee Chang-Dong replied, "They have already been anti-Christ before watching this movie. Sunshine Secrets is a Life Story of a woman and we can interpret our lives in Shin's life.
