Lee Chang-Dong outstanding "Sunshine Secret" is the most emotional ravage of the year's experience. It is immediately mentioned honestly honest characters about the reverberations of loss and a memorization of submissiveness that resonate with a dense hit of thought, yet remains as inscrutable as the emotions it observes. Through the naturalization of its coating and stunning little bit of small-city dynamics, Lee implicitly deconstructs the traditional melodrama of the Korean by pulling apart the movies from excess and shrinking arches of the arches that shape its character and the yard procedures in a crushed mill realistic stoic. <br /> <br /> "Sunshine Secret" remains an incredibly compelling, fluid work of all its 142-minute exchanges. Her first hour Bravura completed the scrub and subtle incline, remarkably predicted and kicks kicks in tone brought on by capricious humanist. Adapting in a short story, Lee enphiates the film with her sensitivity to the sublime paradoxes of life, the last view of her comic transcendent and irreverent "Oasis". Understanding how personal revolutions are forged by changing ideas in our universe, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of the widow's grief in an informed dimension, but also feels the extreme tumultuous stream that underpin the movie when religions come back a narrative scapegoat in understanding the heinousness of the human experience. <br /> <br /> The Jeep's Do-Yeon ("You're My Sunshine") The best comedian comedian of Cannes in 2007 is well-deserved. His performance as Shin's widow and remained inferior inferior. As a character pulled apart from forces beyond its control, the absolute magnificence of this performance is central to the tense nature of the movie. With jeon essaying a cycle of change after another, there is a sense of fall of the film, in its credit, never approaches. Instead he finds a delicate balance that skips the teatrice into packed with subsequent banality from ordinary tragedy and its fallouts. He becomes the center of the film universe as well as us. Films of CinemaScope's beautiful but retained, the film demolished the cinematicism of frames and compositions by becoming visually acute just as it is slowly overthrowing when the camera never abandons its gaze from the shin and at times of guilty happiness, and remorse. > <br /> Lee captures the details of life in the small town, suspicion of Miryang ?? The disability in community situations, its uncomfortable silence and its devastation was sharpened from personal play. Shin's interaction with the townspeople rarely inspire dividends, especially when they simply make out the obligation to fit in for her son's sake, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). One recurring friend is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), an undergraduate mechanic of uncertainty intentions that helps him on the Miryang road through the enchanting sequence of film films in a fascinating stream of sunlight. Song found himself as a comic anti-hero in Korea's largest movie but its nuances, low-key delivery here pretend to think the director's thinking process has never revealed more than clearly needed. <br /> If pain is ephemeral, then grief can never really disappear. And Lee finds the complexity of subsistence. When Shin-ee tried to head down the path of reconciliation only to face again with heartbreak unimaginable, it unsuccessfully staffed the thanksgiving of evangelical Christianity as a foil of grief. But Lee knows better than he understands that religion, in the context of the human canvas of conflict and misery, is never a simple solution. But Lee never repels the essence of religion as he realizes the salvage value for some of a higher power even though it serves a form of denial of others. The scenes of half of its letters deal with religion do not allow itself to become aggressive mischief, which is a feat of itself considering how many filmmakers left the momentum of the material to take over from what they need to say to be true in its history and character. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film since her call to office as his country's Minister of Culture and Tourism is a secretion of compromise on human suffering. In a so artless and genuine film, it rarely reveals that nothing is as simple as emotional catharsis, just the suppression and decrease in agony. "Sunshine Secrets" leaves us with tender misery drawn from evanescence, and points towards a profound understanding of despair and faith.
