I did not intend to write this review, but read the default review showing up on this movie URL, I felt that they had to write a reputation. The movie in a word is Supreme. It does not deserve the review that the writer writes. I think the writer totally misses the point in the movie to a great extent. In fact, I also was turned off by the excessive show of revealing evangelists who are busy in the film to a great extent. However, I must petition differently with the revision of this, this movie at the end is not a propaganda piece for evangelistic action. I think, what the director shows is how religion is not enough to find all the answers, how religion is within a great limit to giving the basic answer, simple questions that one may ask and all that religion has to offer is Sometimes just banal platinum in one type or another. This does not demonstrate a religious value judgments as we must remember that religion is transmuted and expressed by ordinary, especially well-meaning, basically good people and usually have no monopoly on truth and thus religion can not be at the end of the ultimate answer in some questions in life. Finally, it is a matter of faith. You must take it on faith and that is all. But if you are given faith, then you can appreciate any display of faith. But if you do not give faith, any show of faith is tedious. It is so at the same time, instructive to note the revision of the movie. In any case, the director shows us that one can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions and despite that life goes on and there is 'secret sun' in this world that awaits all wounded souls, regardless of religious orientation them. And that's just basic message in the movie! Please note the latest scene in the movie, if you do not get this! In the end, the movie is a great one and many thought provoking and meet you - the viewer and questions that you have to answer for yourself. So it is a work of art that is difficult for you personally. I agree with the review of this, the evangelical thing was a bit too much. However, given the highest interpretation of religion as shown in the film, I think the director tried to balance the act how it would not be called a evangelist ?? basher! The actor Kang-ho-song was great as always. She is so balanced and just perfect that she's just amazing. She is my favorite Korean actor I do not doubt. I know the actor Do-Yeon Jeon received the Cannes award for the best actress for this movie. However, I did not find any specialty to act her. It seems that to get your premium just have to act really compelling to cry and hysteria and all? All in all a great movie. If you do not like it ?? please look again and see if you find it! If it leaves you satisfied or uncomfortable or ask questions then think, if that was not what the director was actually aiming at in this movie in the first place!
