I love Korean films because they really have the ability (quietly really really) capturing real life. I tend to watch Korean movies just for this alone. I saw this director of other movies before. The one that comes closer to the feelings I got into this is Oasis and another awesome movie called This Charming Girl. However, my title summary supposed to come from a Christian perspective so I'll just start doing that instead of just showering it with praise. <br /> For a non-Christian perspective Director Chang-dong Lee has captured a fairly present and almost real-world presentation of a modern Protestant church (regardless of denomination) wars and all. I have always been waiting for a Christian movie that truly shows the darkest recreation in the Church's life. Because Christian films tend to speak in a language different from those who want to share their faith. Many films and religious abuses, though there are good motives, tend to just have resonance in a Disney movie or after special school. They need to show life as it is. Real people curse, real lust, real people fall. Even though Christians believe that salvation is available to those who seek it, we are constantly challenged by everyday horror in this life. With Character Jeon Jeon is a totally honest and almost brutal painting of a woman who found God, but because of reality the bitter life, losing this love for her was once. He does not deny that God exists. It's just that he refuses to accept the idea that He is a God of love and forgiveness. <br /> <br /> At its decent at the edges of morality and madness, her character asks questions in From every person, religious or not. <br /> "If God is love, why does it allow terrible things to happen?" This movie does not respond, that's right. And I believe the last 10 minutes of the movie, even if open to interpretation, leaves us with a hopeful future for our main character and brings the idea of ​​"dry secret" full circle. <br /> I do not believe in a second that this film has tried to make religious or was in any way they tried and laid out to be so. There's lies the reason why he worked even more. It is real and honest. And so, it is by far the best summit of a real Christian life I've seen on film.
