First time my best friend and I sat beside watching this movie, we were watching it for Alex Winter in the "Bill & Ted" fame. We did not know what to expect other than that and what it was about. <br /> <br /> Since the movie ended, we knew she loved first sight. This film, while not completely historically accurate, was and is one of the best of its genre. I've seen other movies that describe the story of this famous summer and in my opinion, none of the others can compare. It fibrils a little in certain details, but those parts did not take away the absolute elegance and romance of the story. I saw the other movies this summer and I found most of them to be good but not as fascinating as this one. <br /> <br /> "Haunted Haunting" has a kind of painting. The colors and settings seem to be something one would find on a canvas, framed and hanging in a museum or on the walls of a unique home. The costumes were gorgeous, and, despite not being the most comfortable clothes in the world, made me want to find a tavern to create these dresses for myself. The movie was all set on the picturesque Lake Geneva (where I hope one day goes by seeing this movie) and the serenity that the historic figures have found. <br /> <br /> This movie shows, besides the tranquility found by all the escape of England's purely judgment, the strangely surrounding this adventure as well. Yes, there were drugs. It was a fairly common practice during this time, a time when the drugs were not illegal. And taken in laudanum (form of liquid in opium) was medicinal as well as recreational. Shelley suffered from consumption. Lord Byron suffered pain at a clubbed foot. It was not surprising that there would be prescription of the strong drugs that were in their possession this summer. And they were poets during a time when their experience was the key. There was no time for prudish precautions. Passion and experience was a great part of the Romantic era. And from their thoughts and discussions on science, religion and philosophy became the creation of a legend: "Frankenstein." Yes, in this film, we see beautiful and free Mary Godwin (not married to Shelley at that time) playing by Alice Krige's beautiful and talented. It is control factor of all that goes on until it, too, provides in experience. But he stops it and experiences things on his own theme. As was the force that he inherited from his mother and father. The actors and actresses of this were perfect for the parts they played. Fitting the music. The direction captured the essence of the summer season, as I read about it. This movie was based on a beautiful book "Haunted Haunt" by Anne Edwards. If you like this movie, read the book. The author took the story of what he could put together in the current journals of Mary Godwin Shelley and other participants in this story. <br /> <br /> If you are a person who loves stories (even the little skaters from time to time) and romance with the Gothic, then this is a movie for you. It shows the birth of the birth of the monster, which even today teaches us about the morals of "playing God." A definite must see movie!
