This is a free adaptation of the novels in Clarence Mulford; Fans of Willila Boyd's movie will probably feel a bit of sea here (and the comments here so far reflect that). But I knew from Hopalong from the first novels, and never cared for the boyd movie once I got around. <br /> <br /> Christopher Coppola has made a wise choice - he has not made a nostalgic "west"; instead, he approached the Cassidy story as a slice of what we used to call 'Americana'; or the greatest criticism once called 'homespun'. As the movie unraveled, I found myself more and more reminded of the great "Hallmark Theater" version of Mark Twain's "Roughing It," and James Garner told. Both of these films remind us that, although the movie 'The Old West' is probably still to be mythical for Americans, they do not need 'westerns'; They can very well be filming only on what it means to be Americans at that time, in that place. <br /> I never felt bandits, watch this movie; There is no effort to drain the Boyd-Cassidy legacy down our throat, no irony, no camp. Consequently, I get a sense of these characters as she has been walking - or dogs dogging - through some real Western Americas I could also have walked a hundred years ago. <br /> <br /> Given that, the filminess of the movie - it positively avoids anything we've come to call "style" - is all in its favor; and the acting act of the performers fits neatly in with this; Gosh, it really feels like some stories said in a firefighter on an animal drive - no visual dress, just curious and good humor - and sudden violence - that we expect from the good narration of an adventure thread. I was very pleasantly surprised by this movie, and if the viewer sets waiting for expectations, he or she will find considerable pleasure in it. <br /> I would give this 9-star movie, but I'll give it a ten just because most reviews here are missing the point completely; and I encourage them to put their memories in Boyd aside and give this movie another chance. <br /> Note 1: A review complains that Hopalong shoots dead people in this movie, rather than shooting the guns from their hands (Cassidy Ala Boyd's); First, Cassidy does shoot the dead of the novels; Secondly, if Cassidy was a real cowboy he would shot dead - the problem with gun shooting from the man is that they can still find another weapon - which happens to be a part of the subtext of this movie . <br /> Note 2: I admit that I'm jealous of Coppola's family, that they have the Director of "Godfather" among them that can get them every opportunity to make movies that I can not; but a good movie is a good movie; and this is a good movie. If not a person by the name "Coppola", well, that's just is as it is. America is the country of opportunity (or was, until Bush has gone into office) - that's great Americans all over.
