SEE VIRUS MAN (aka MOURDE FOURTH) is a little unsettling and rather fascinating experience. It is a very tight and intense psychological mystery / from the People's Verhoeven Paul in the Netherlands. She has directed this film just before she got big with her "Free-Hollywood tickets" -movie FLESH + hundred. In a lot of user-commentaries on this site I noticed mentioning Alfred Hitchcock. Indeed, this movie could be very good to Hitchcockian, but I also noticed touching Cronenberg earlier, the government of David Lynch (true-story success) and even Roman Polanski (draw-included set-up). The funny bag is that movies are not the directors I thought of while watching DEERER MAN did not do until after 1983, the year was released at MONEY MONEY. So go face. <br /> <br /> Very credit indeed to be given in the story of the original novel by Gerard Reve This film is based on. Gerard Reve is also the fictional name of the main character (a teased writer, played by Jeroen Krabbé, swinging on the dangerous line of a serious psychology). Now, no one has stopped and thinking about the fact that the word "dream" is French for "dream"? And the movie presents a lot of dream-like / nightmare sequences, often in extending that you do not always know to make sure Gerard is awake or dreaming about himself. Could that be coincidence? Perhaps it's just me, but I do not think so. Renée Soutendijk is very amazing as the leading lady (in a rather demanding role). It sometimes seems to be guilty of over-acting (in a subtle way). But this aspect was clearly intentional to show her character, since as this film progresses, you become certain of what actually thinks of this lady with her intentions. Prove again what an excellent actress is. I would add that the film also has several scenes that show all male and female frontal men, as well as some rather explicit sex-scenes (and you'll even notice that some scenes and aspect are clearly being planned in later stage to be shoot for the Verhoeven Another feature of this film has a lot of symbols and biblical / image references, which supposedly makes the film well hated by some conservative / catholic movement at its European release time.Either way, it makes the movie worthy for a second look Now a man recently told me he had serious crises on DE VIERDE MAN One of them was that the film supposedly maneuvered himself to a position where he needed the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to settle I even have great problems with the Catholic way, and still sometimes, describes in many movies in any genre (so not only when it comes to religious horror themed horror movies). But, surprisingly, I'm not There was no misgivings when it came to MOM. Although Virgin Mary-Aspect In the plot made me scratch myself to one point, I also had fun with it, in a way. I think the keyword as to why it does not bother me at all is 'duality'. Because this movie works on two levels. Although 'divine intervention' may have resolved the draw-line from the protagonist's point of view ... on the other hand: the movie implies that all of this might have been the delusional ramblings in a disruptive raid. And that's the fun part: You never know for sure. Then there's the question: Could it be that Gerard Reve was somehow getting distorted vision of things to happen ... like getting omens? At one point in the movie, Gerard even tried to dig Christine in believing she was clairvoyant. Christine's role in this particular scene is exquisite to see. So with its compelling story, convincing performance and adequate direction, DE VIERDE MAN is a much recommended look indeed (especially if you enjoy a solid European film therapy film). But be sure to view the original Dutch version (not one in armed).
