I do not know if I would consider it a masterpiece of not, but it's damn near close; It is very well done, artistic, suspense, complicated scheme, solid themed and full of weak and sexual-religious imagery. There are also some great camera-works in John Bont, an atmospheric note from Loek Dikker and outstanding acting from Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter giving one of the most sneaky performances, subtle 'femme fatale' I've ever seen. Like many other European cinemas, this film has a non-trial attitude toward gender, nudity and complexity in sexuality and has zero reservations on mixing it all up with religious and / or surrealist (some might say blasfem) image. In other words, if you can not bring the thought of seeing a lust-driven homosexuality contemplating the object of her carnal desires as Jesus was crucified before the two of them went to her inside a cemetery then this would not be movie for you. What surprised me more is how this movie scarcely managed to fully dodge being a firefighter. It combines the abstract / surreal / parallel fantasy-reality scene and somehow makes it all work. Like any good mystery, you can see the pieces slowly fall into place as the film is progressing. There is no outside-of-the-field resolution here. The film has the direction, there is no filler filler and once it is concluded, you begin to understand the purpose of what might have been your confused earlier. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee you will like this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, you can always love it. <br /> I will not spoil the plot by getting too detailed but opening the film's injection into a website as a spider capturing its creatures - lying the scene as Krabbé, such as unshaven, smug, bisexual writer Gerard Reve (interesting , also the name of the writer who has this novel based) crosses paths with a wealthy, mysterious, sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, melding androgynous structures with Simone Simon's such innocence / sadness is very unnerving) who can be a literal 'black widow' responsible for the deaths of his three previous men. The two become their lovers and move to one another, but we are leading in believing (in Christine's rare behavior and the frequent appearances of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - who can or does not actually exist) Something terrible is boiling under the surface. When another of Christine's lovers, the young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman), show up at home, things to take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> 4th Man was a great art-successful home in many of the world, but did not do it over in the US until 1984, where he gave best foreign films in year from the Los Angeles Film Criticism Association. The most common video is the release of Media, which was originally armed. Try to avoid that one and the top right for the younger subtitled Anchor to release the DVD. Since coming to America, Verhoeven's career has its UPS and Downs. He made a few decent movies (Meat & Blood, RoboCop) and some disgusting people (Showgirls). In fact, the great Verhoeven hit Basic Instinct is almost as a less interesting, junior league version of the Fourth Man. Soutendjik also tried to act in America and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE in Destruction (1991) were the best he had received, he headed back home to the Netherlands.
