Morbid Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé) who is homosexual, alcohol and has frequent vision of death invited guests to a lecture at the Literature Club in Vlissingen. While at the train station in Amsterdam, she feels an attraction that does not fit a lovely man who enters another train. Gerard is introduced to the treasurer at the club and beautician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a wealthy widow who owns sphincter's beauty shop, and has one night stand. In the morning Gerard saw the picture of Christine's boyfriend Herman (Thom Hoffman) and recognized him as the man he saw in the train station. She suggests Herman to take her home to spend a couple of days together, but with the secret intention of the man. Christine travels to Cologne to bring her boyfriend and Gerard staying alone at her home. He drinks whiskey and snoops it safely, finding three coil films and human names; He decided to look at the feet and discover that Christine had married three men and all of them were killed in tragic accidents. Then Gerard believes Christine is a witch and questions if Herman or her will be her husband finished fourth. The "Fourth Man" limit is another magnificent feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. The story is supported by an excellent screen using Catholic symbols to build the tension associated with intelligent dialogues; great performance at Jeroen Krabbé in the role of an alcoholic writer; and stunning cinematography. The unreliable resolution is open to such interpretations of many European movies that explore the common sense and intelligence of the viewers. There are mediocre directors who use nod to face to promote their films; However, Paul Verhoeven uses stripping Gerard Reve as part of the plot and never aggressively or looks out sensationalist. Last, but not least; The beauty of Android in the sexy Renée Soutendijk perfectly fits into her role in a woman who attracts a gay writer. My vote is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("4th person")
