President Paul Verhoeven's president for his breakthrough hits 'Basic Instinct' is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven became known for doing a garbage waste film, both in its native Holland and America and this film is one of the reasons why. Mother Katri follows the weird story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); a gay, alcohol and a little angry writer goes to Vlissingen to give a talk about the stories he writes. While she met the seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk) who took her back to her house where she discovered a beautiful picture of one of her man and proclaimed she would meet him, . <br /> <Paul Verhoeven twist the truth many times in this movie, and ensure that you never know where you are with it. Many of the events in the Fourth Man would be those appear to be, but they could easily be interpreted as something else entirely with this holding the audience on the edge of the chairs for the duration and also doing the job Movies like this narrative is what it thrives on. Paul Verhoeven is not a cinema who feels he must keep himself, and is one of the things I love best about him. This film features a very shocking scene that made me feel sick for hours later (and this does not happen very often!). I would not spoil it because it needs surprise elements of work ... but you'll see what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you get the uncut version!). There are also a number of other gruesome scenes that are less shocking than the one I mentioned but lovely; a man gets eating by lions, another one has a pipe sent to his skull, a boat is crushed in half ... nice. The act of the Fourth Man is not anything to write home, but it's solid at all. Jeroen Krabbé keeps the audience's attention and looks like the party as the drunken writer. It is Renée Soutendijk who impresses the most, though, as femme the fatal in the center of the story. His performance is what Sharon Stone would imitate nine years later with basic instincts, but the original fatal did it better. Paul Verhoeven's direction is solid throughout he directs our attention to many points of view, all of which help to create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven has gone on doing some garbage, but it obviously has talent and it's a shame that he does not put it to better use. In all the Verhoeven films I saw, this is the best and although it might be difficult to come across; trust me, it's worth the effort.
