A film that can shed tears of sadness and water into joy should consider quite a step in career in a common sinister. The fact is, Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest story-teller, has done so in various film formats for years. THE NEW COVER, at the time, was considered risky, especially after classical actions like JAWS and radiators in the ARK lost. In retrospect, this film should have come no surprise, because Spielberg has made us weeping water in joy and sadness at E.T. Critical named COLOR PIPPLE enters it in intellectual fare. It is quite an entry. No special effects, no swashbuckling, just brilliant story-based based on a classic literary by Alice Walker. One surprise is how Spielberg might present as a movie moving on African Americans in the deep south. Slavery goes, but in the south shows here, it looks as if blacks are using other blacks like slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always set down to centimize his photos or add an element of childishness to the audience. This is really the first of the film neglected in his career that you can not do these observations. It is the first in a line of films either did not see or did not see because there are no aliens. EMPIRE OF THE SUN, ALL, SCHINDLER'S LIST, etc. His awesome talent is obvious with this picture specifically because A) uses mostly trained, first actors, B) it tackles a most commonly felt subject to the unadaptable screen, and C) it is the best quality drama with no Strings zoom where characters grow and change over the passage of about 30 years. It is almost as epic as to look and dimensions and the fact that he has not garnered an award Academy Award from 11 nominations is a travesti and a reproach. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is fabulous as Celie is tortured, an unattractive woman being given away by his incestuous dad in an abusive Danny glove, whom he only knows as "Mister". The film follows a path of occasional beatings and mental torture that goes through while "Mister". The film rated PG-13 is very open to the sexual issues raised by the Walker novel. This is not the "burning bed" of Georgia by any means. There is no blatant revenge taken as expected. It happened gracefully. Goldberg perfectly plays someone, someone in need of love and someone who deserves it. The most poignant and heartbreaking films come when Goldberg and his sister, Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, maybe forever. You may be required to check for a batman if you are not moved by this sequence. <br /> <br /> The purple stands for beauty in the gardens and flowers surrounding those poor people. There really is something to live for, but love triumph over everyone. Spielberg Baser Take note: The guy can make an unforgettable classic without any stranger. <br /> Rating: 10 of 10
