This poorly named western series won an Emmy for the best syndicated program and is certainly an exciting series. It was produced by the Republic, the studio who performed actions better than anyone, and placed the best of it. Each episode was built around a real historical figure in the old west. A detective railroad called Matt Clark, as well as later Elliot Ness and the gangs in the 1920s and 30s, managed to become involved with almost all of the western western media between the mid-1800 and WWI. The best advantage was the Jim Davis. Tall, rugged, solidly looking looking, in prime form, with an authentic western accent, with great riding capabilities that made him utterly convinced of the action scene, Davis was every inch of western heroes. He was associated with two co-stars and co-stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" during the first season, and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" during the second. Every job works with Davis. What separated this show from its contemporaries and much of what became later was the professionalism of investing in the action stage. Ace's actions directed William Witney to direct 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon the rest. Both film the action and polish. The vast stock store of stock footage from series and B was used to provide scope. The level of individual episodes rises or falls with the quality of the guest stars brought in play in the ban. Among them are Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Kate, and Joe Sawyer and Pickins Slim as Butch Cassady and the "Smilin Kid". The cream in the west rose and went, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best, and Richard Jaeckel, honed their craft. B veterans who have tens of experience under the belt, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell, and Yowlachie Chiefs, have provided the feeling of ancient leather in western vintage. The concept was that only many famous western banned. In the second season the most famous figures have become a dark mite for all by the strongest dedicated story scouts. But a few of the shows later were a match for any, due to the inviting stars. Henry Brandon showed Rustler Nate Champion, and former Republican star Don Barry was outstanding as little time shattering Milt Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western fans or story enthusiasts will want to see this.
