This unassuming, fairly serious series deserves credit in the television story books for two reasons: it was the first to win an Emmy award for the best set of syndicated, and it was the very first show from the fabled studios in the Republic of Cameroon , known for low-budget, but high-powered shot-em-ups in the 30 to 40 years. <br /> <br /> Republic was one of the first Hollywood Studios to make a leap in the small screen, which was still in its infancy. But the way studios as producers of pulp TVs should be short. After this show, they would later be dabble with the other format they were known for, the adventure series, and "Commando Cody", as well as other series, but as this one did not last much long over 39 episodes. Also, Republic was at its last stage as a studio; he would finish out its way to Hollywood as the first step to rent for several series Studio reviews like "Fortune Soldier", the original "Dragnet", and "Kit Carson", before finally closing his door in 1959. /> Anyway , "The History of the Century" was not that bad in a oath, his calling card was against based on native figures in Western history, mainly prohibited like Black Bart, Johnny Ringo, John Wesley Hardin, Dalton Bros. the love. Jim Davis is late, best known for his role as Eri Patriarch of "Dallas", set in a friendly work of lead role as Matt Clark, a detective fictional and defensive railroad detective, played by veterans and bi-taunts are actors of veteran characters. <br /> Two amazing facts here: The incidents would take place in different time lines, some of the 1880, some of the turn of the century, but Clark never grew old. Also, Matt has the good chance of sealing himself and two fine detective as sidekicks, Frankie Adams, played by Mary Castle, with his replacement, Margaret Jonesy Jones, by Kristine Miller. Lone Ranger could only wish for company ladies. You can only spend time with Tonto for a long time. <br /> The "History of the Century" is a TV production TV TV from the Republic of the Epic Photography 39 episodes that were made during 1954, all of the 39 of which are in public domain and on DVD.
