Esther Kahn is a young Jewish woman living in a third, Jewish Ghetto in the 19th century England. It is surrounded by appearing, oppressive, sad, featureless, tearing brick architecture, narrow sidewalks and streets, black out windows, and hordes of black-and-brown crowded jacketed. <br /> She lives in a small apartment with her big family who operates a clothing store in the apartment. As a child, she worked, had no privacy, wore blood color, shared a bed, and remained silent to avoid imitation of her mother and siblings who ridiculed her to mimick them out boredom. young woman, her life remains the same - she has no confidentiality, lives in a state of mental and physical and lethal disease and lethargy and inertia, hesitating an empty blank exposition, is plain in plain, unremarkable dress, and continuously oppressed and dwarfed by Gray, Mundane, massively imposing buildings, with narrow streets, narrow hallways, narrow doors, and loud-mouthed mothers and siblings, and proscians, the banal form of her family. <br /> Only her mental escape form is the theater theater. Sitting in the balcony, front row, leaning on the rail, has a vast space between its mind and the scene, a space that allows it to breathe, think, feel, and crave. The freedom of thinking the open stage gives for Esther, her face and body remain torpidly somnolent, impassive, dispassionate. Phoenix's plain and common Summer Phoenix brilliantly transmits Esther's emotional attitude - Summer / Esther does not convey any desire to anything or anticipate anything. <br /> After a normal explosive confrontation with his mother, Esther finally decided to break free from the weak life she is trapped in. is eventually dropping into minor parts in a few steps, and meeting Natan Quellen, described by British actress Ian Holm, who began teaching Esters the technical skill of acting. <br /> At this point forward, Esther begins a journey to become doubly involved in learning how to act and learn how to feel. <br /> <It starts experiencing emotion it never felt before, and it begins to take the experience it needs to fully understand and exert the technical aspects to act. Nathan walks through the scene of the physical and emotional stage of surprise, excitement, anger, disgust, self-loathing, etc.; Then he begins to walk through these emotions in his personal life. There are three truths, Nathan says - the truth of how a character reacts, the truth about how the actor would react, and the truth is a character and actor not even man. <br /> These technical steps and three truths slowly deconstruct Esther's defense and lead her to two edifying experiences in the film's denouement marked in the beginning of her freedom of thought, movement, and emotions. Esther Kahn is a film technically difficult to watch because of her odd and narrow cameras vaccine, subconscious photo direction that translates the environment into the subtle environment of the Ghetto, and the Summer Phoenix loads and paintfully ably and unappealing paintings which brilliantly translates the mental Kahn with the hebetude physics and lethargy and nature nature. <br /> A movie must-see for those who want to learn the technical craft of acting, and for those who appreciate minimalism and character study.
