ROUEN PRIZES AND TRRIUMPH at "VILLA PARANOIA" The favorite of the general public, actually more important than the prize jury, was brilliantly illustrated by Eric Clausen's dramatic comedy, "Villa Paranoia", which was also selected by the European Jury indicative its appeal to cinephiles of all ages. Alleged director-actor Clausen traveled to the town of MAMERS, Peays de Loire, for a provincial festival in the European movie, where "Villa Paranoia" has collected three more awards - Best film, professional jury; Best Movie, Cost Audience; and Best Movie of another young jury composed of "Lycéens", French high school students. Five prices in a single weekend - not a bad effect for a movie from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" was awarded the Grand Prix, MAVERICK LAVI AWARD, in San Jose, California, just a week ago, by distinguishing British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), making for a grand total of six premiums in a single week. If Lars van Trier has placed Denmark on the offmat-oddball Dogma Cinematic map in recent years, there is now a good chance that Veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his capable actor can soon show the world that Denmark There is more to offer than pragmatic drivel, which means, a mass audience pleaser for young and old alike. In addition, the female lead in his film, Sonja Richter, has such a magic screen presence that, with a little more exposed, stands a good chance to become the next international Scandinavian diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fiction movie, written, directed and acting by Mr. Clausen, with some motivational staff at Moliere in the "Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), an amateur actress, has lost a deeply coveted role in the game of Moliere, and reduced to making a commercial TV commercial stupid, is on the way to suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen) who runs a massive chicken farm sponsors the place, offers him a work with room and board to take care of his father, senile, wheel-chairs father Ridden, Walentin, who did not speak a words since his wife Stella committed suicide years before. Anna is the only one who eventually finds a way to communicate with the hostile silent old hatchet - and besides, discovering that she smoked deafness and immobility all the years - a living "Malade Imaginaire". This will lead to play the greatest role in his own life in order to uncover the dark secret that led to Walentin's total withdrawal from life and reality. Villa Paradise Paranoia, the true Moliere tradition from which it is partially exited, is a heartwarming, multi-layered, psycho-drama series that literally has something for everyone and only needs proper placement to attain general international contacts it is rich worthy. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
