Funniest, dramatic, steady as Flamenco itself, the movie is simply amazing. It is set on the Immortal Music Bizet. The original music is written and made by one of the greatest classic guitarists, leading to the modern flamenco style, Paco de Lucia who plays a musician with the same name. The legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Gades wrote the script and choreography of this fabulous version of celebrating the Georges Bizet / Prosper Mérimée novella / opera. She plays a main character Antonio, the famous dancer / choreographer who works on the storytelling of Carmen in the Flamenco style that combines dance with songs and rhythms from applause and has a very rich level of dynamics that appeals to enormously viewers . /> <br /> Brilliant and graceful Cristina Hoyos with the technical excellence of the elegant artistic matches of his dancing brilliance in the role of support. Hoyos was the first dancer of Gades company for twenty years (1968-1988) and was the protagonist of three films by Carlos Saura who performed two great performances of Gades: "Bodas de Sangre" (1978), "Carmen" (1983) and "El Amor Brujo" (1985). Gorgeous Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen in which Antony sees at the earliest one another Carmen, who was immortalized by two French composers, the publisher Prosper Mérimée of his most popular novel written in 1846 George Bizet's famous Opéra-Comic version of 1875. As is in the opera and in the novel, Carmen of the film Saura is desirable and very dangerous, final femme fatal which has to be free above any other thing. He could not tolerate the loving affection of anyone and would prefer death to submit. There are some 50 movie adaptations of the story and opera on the screen, and as different as they are, they all have in common the only possible tragic end. Film Saura / Gades' is unique as the most sensual of all and truly Spanish. I fell in love with her since the first time I saw her about twenty years ago and she is as special and beautiful today as she came back then. Very recommended.
