Undoubtedly one of John Ford's chief, Young Mr. Lincoln has gone practically unnoticed at the time of its initial release, not surprised because the year was 1939 when many of the greatest movies in all of the cinema history were released, including most mythical Western in the history of the genre, Stagingcoach steps John Ford's important and many others, such as Gone and the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith went to Washington who took the Oscar into the single category Young Mr. Lincoln was nominated for, which is Original Screenplay. He continued to make Ford's most discontented film for many years before destiny gradually fade away in the shadow of John Ford's other rulers, but in the late 1950's American and European movie critics and historians took a hold of a score written by legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein on Young Lincoln's Mr. where he praised and acknowledged that if he would only have had an opportunity to direct any American movie ever to make it, he would definitely be John Ford's Young Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by such an undoubted preference from Eisenstein, critics began to see the movie again but only with a somewhat different eye and the film's reputation has increased ever since. <br /> It was far away for the first time the life of one of the most legendary American presidents was on the screen. Right in early 1930's Griffith made him his Abraham Lincoln and the same year as Ford's film, MGM released John Cromwell in one called Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Curiosity enough both of them was based on a very successful Broadway Stage Play released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As far as John Ford's films are concerned, we can easily find numerous references to life and deeds and even the death of Lincoln's mythical figures in several of the director's work, such as the 1924 Iron Horse or 1936 Prisoners of the Shark Island, the second, similar to Young Mr. Lincoln, used as the theme song of Lincoln's favorite song - Dixie. The movie is based on an already mentioned Steps and Lincoln biography written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, which was quite rare for Ford to make but final results were simply superb - a script combined component of Play with several historic facts as well as myths and legends about the beginning of Lincoln Life Life and Practice Laws that occur in a hilarious trial scene, but especially frustrating, which is the highest point of the movie and main street and water of generators, where Lincoln defended the two young brothers accused of a murder and must be devoted to Ea ways to help their mothers when he brought the court as a witness and where the lawyer was prosecuted (played by Donald Meek) asking him indicating which one of her sons actually committed the murder obviously required her to make an impossible choice of convicted of one's death and leaving the other living. <br /> <br /> Overall it's a lot of touch, heart-warming and even comic film and great magnificent performance by Henry Fonda in his superb characterization of Abraham Lincoln and with overwhelming wealth of other characters no matter what as little or how great they are incarnated from the wonderful and intelligent storyline and made by the genius of John Ford's genius in one of its best deliveries ever. A definite must be seen for everyone. 10/10
