Young Mr. Lincoln marks the first film in the director / star collaboration of John Ford and Henry Fonda. I remember years ago Fonda said that as a young actor she understood nervous about playing Lincoln's plays and fear she would not live up to the challenge. <br /> <br /> John Ford before the shooting starts to put it at ease by saying he will not play the Great Emperor, but just a Jack-leg prairie lawyer. It is being established by Fonda led a cast that John Ford led in a classic film. This is not a biographical film in Lincoln. This was the first in the sound era with Walter Huston and one year after Young Mr. Lincoln, Raymond Massey made the Pulitzer win game won by Robert Sherwood Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Massey still remains the definite Lincoln. But as Ford said, the Fonda would not play the Great Emperor just a small lawyer in Illinois. The film encompasses 10 years of early life in Lincoln. We see his clerk in a general store, finding some books of law from a family of pioneer immigrants whose way he would cross later in the story. With his romance with Ann Rutledge and his death early let Lincoln a stronger sadness. <br /> <br /> Fast forward over 10 years and Lincoln is now a lawyer practicing starting to get some notices. He served a couple of themes in the legislature, but he is back in private practice by really sure whether politics is for him. This is where the bulk of the action takes place. The two sons of this family would get the law books back in time when they were accused of murder. It offers to defend them. And it's not an ordinary murder, but one of a deputy sheriff. <br /> <br /> The trial itself is fiction, but the gambit was used in the defense of Richard Cromwell and Eddie Quillan who played two sons based on a real Lincoln defense case. I will say no more. <br /> <br /> Other than their performance, the great strength of Young Mr. Lincoln is a way John Ford captures the mood and atmosphere and environment of a little Illinois prairie in a fourth of July celebration. It's almost like watching a newsreel. And it was the attitude of the country itself, young, vibrant and growing. <br /> <br /> Fans of John Ford movie will recognize two music themes that have been repeated in film later. During the romantic interlude at the beginning with Fonda and Pauline Moore who played Ann Rutledge the music in the background is the same theme used by the man who shot Liberty Valance for Vera Miles. And in a dance, Lovely Susan Brown melodies that Fonda and Marjorie Weaver play Mary Todd are even a Fonda to dance with Cathy Downs, at I Darling Clementine in the dance for the raising of a church in Tombstone. <br /> <br /> Lincoln will forever be a favorite topic of biographer and dramatic because of two reasons I believe. The first is it is the embodiment of living in our own American mythology about rising people from the bottom of the pinnacle of power in their own efforts. In fact Young Mr. Lincoln is very graphically showing Lincoln's background from. And secondly, the fact that he was our president during the greatest crisis in American history and that he made a good influencing decision with free slave during the Civil War, albeit for some political reasons. His assassination ensures his place in history. In addition to Fonda and others I have mentioned special praise should also go to Fred Kohler, Jr. and Ward Bond, the two towns, Kohler were the victim of the murder and the Bond accused of chiefs. Also Donald Meek as the prosecuting attorney and Alice Brady has turned out to be his latest film as the pioneer mother of Cromwell and Quillan. With a great performance by Spencer Charters who specializes in rustic characters as the judge. For a film that captures the drama and romance of the time it's put in, you can not do better than Young Mr Lincoln.
