1939 is universally accepted as the greatest year in Hollywood history, and more classic films released than in any other, and John Ford runs three of the best, "Stagecoach", "Drums along the Mohawk", and this beautiful homage day boundary with a young backwood attorney destined to eventually save the Union, "Young Mr. Lincoln". With the world diving into a war that America dreadful, but knowing it should be drawn to, Abraham Lincoln was very much on the minds of the people, in 1939, as a person who was facing the same dilemma in his own life there was triumph. On Broadway, Robert E. Sherwood won the award-winning "Abe Lincoln of Illinois", and imagined physically dead-on Raymond Raymond, who played at home (filmed in 1940). Continued Carl Sandburg's contribution to his epic biography, "Abraham Lincoln: The Years War", was published, and soon became a better seller. President Roosevelt often refers to Lincoln's speech, and the Lincoln Memorial, in Washington, DC, became famous landmark in town (a fact that Frank Capra made good use, in "Mr. Smith to Washington"). /> <br /> All this has not been lost on Darryl F. Zanuck, in 20th Century Fox; As soon as he read the scenario Lamar Trotti in early days Lincoln as an attorney, he designated him a 'prestige' production, and gave John Ford Direct, and Henry Fonda, to stars. want to play Lincoln; He felt that he could not do justice to the Great Emperor, and feared a bad performance would damage his career. Even a filmed-make-up test, in which he was stunned by how much he looked like Lincoln, would not change his mind. According to Fonda, John Ford, whom he never worked with, he wanted to read out royally, at the first meeting, and explained he did not show Lincoln's Legend, but a young "jackanape" land attorney faces first murder her judgment. Mention, Fonda took the role. (John Ford offered a different storyline of the events, but the result was the same!) Obviously, a chemistry was set up that worked, as nearly all of the pairs would produce 'classic'. Introverted, Lincoln's Melancholy-racked at "Abe Lincoln of Illinois", Ford's vision was that of a but shy hands but likable young lawyer, who makes friends easy, and misses the mother she lost, too small ( causing a bond with a pioneer mother to become a vital part of the story). His wrangling injustice, and speak 'common sense' to persuade violence, interlaced and humorous dose. Both productions play on Lincoln's relationships (without papers) and Ann Rutledge; In Ford's version, the fear is really in love, and engaging in each other. After his death, Lincoln would often visit his tomb, sharing his life with his "spirit" (a Ford theme would continue in "He's wearing a yellow ribbon"). A murderous judgment is the centerpiece of the movie, and shows the prodigal talents of the star and director. Fonda deftly shows Lincoln's inexperience, yet reliable beliefs of justice and mercy, and Ford emphasizes the Gulf between the city's intellectuals (represented by firefighter DA Donald Meek, and his Slick expert, Stephen Douglas, played by a Milburn youth Stone), and informal, meaningful appointment in Lincoln. With Bond 'regular ward' as a key witness, the trial is both original, and riveting. With the film closed as Lincoln progresses to go in the time, distance and destiny (dissolving into a view of the statue of the Lincoln Memorial), audiences can take the comfort of the movie message that if a cause is fair, good would ultimately triumph . <br /> <br /> "Young Mr. Lincoln" is a truly remarkable movie, from an amazing year!
