In her book otherwise excellent, Lincoln in American memories, Merrill Peterson's historian called Young Mr.Lincoln a "boring, insuportable, movie". This amazingly surprising analysis simply proves that large historians are rarely fine movie critics. I work on a doctoral dissertation on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for writing the essay, I made a careful analysis of this movie, and in Tag Gallaghers's brilliant interpretation of her in her fond book on Ford. Jr. Mr. Lincoln comes out that year in the first phase of the Cinematic Ford author, 1939. In the greatest Hollywood year, Ford runs three superb, still not fully appreciated films: Drums Together Mohawk, Stagecoach, and Young Mr.Lincoln. It might seem odd to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated, but the most trap of criticism must be seen that it is one of the largest Westerns, and perhaps even one of the hundreds of older films of all time. However, what DO NOT appreciate is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy-a triptych, in fact. Ford is creating a sort of mythical story in America on the screen. Drum Samaw Mohawk is the Revolutionary War. Young Mr.Lincoln is America's Pre-Civil War.Finally, Stagecoach is America's Post War Civil War. What is the film three has in common is that they are an extended meditation on the American Indian and "him in the desert". What are the psychic and social costs of destiny American protests, as America strives to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes America's travel, as it seeks to reconcile the impulse of civilization (law), and the freedom of the desert. Mr.Lincoln's reign is not history, (It's all historic "Howlers" - as well as Ford and Trotti they were well aware), but myths. This is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and misery, Lincoln, the man of the desert, strives to find a civilization in itself, and become the "remarkable law" of young America. Young Mr. Lincoln is not James Ally's long-known story about Lincoln, and as Sandburg's biography, it is an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
