<br /> Have you ever felt like you were watching, as someone keeps tabs on each move you make? Well, just remember before you decide to break the law, the FBI will still be there. At least that's the feeling you get after watching the crisis, but slightly gentle drama crime, the FBI story. He draws the roots of the organization of a small office in one of the most modern facilities in the world (in 1959), by telling the story of the eyes of one of his agents, Hardesty Chip (James Stewart). <br /> Chip was with the FBI from one day, and she gladly put her job above all else in the world, even occasionally her family. FBI's history scares his life by describing what he does as an agent, and how someone affects his or her personal life. The film performs a spectacular work of showing the type of FBI case in handles and how to handle them. The audience sees Chip Stop Ku Klux Klan riot, goes to civilians to solve a US / real estate murder scandal, bring fugitives to jail, rescue hostages, and help fight in WWII. He even helped bring Communist spies to justice. Stewart, in a vaguely complex performance, is stellar (as always) as the slightly neurotic agent who loves his work maybe a little too much. One of the best parties on this film is that we get to see the inside workings of both the Chip and his family life. We witness he suffered from the death of his best friend and then his son. We also observe his wife having a miscarriage, and her marriage to liver stones. Almost all of his personal problems caused by love of his work. Vera Miles provides a spotty performance, but it's very compelling, no less there. She was never a brilliant actress, but was always a very nice and enticing thing about her. Well maybe that's just me? Unfortunately, none of the other performances are worth mentioning, but the attention-grabbing history managed to keep me very interested. <br /> <br /> The cinematography of this movie was impressive, especially the scenes of the South American forest. The colors all had a texture that really put the atmosphere in the movie. Perhaps the greatest part of this movie was the direction of Mervyn Leroy's fabulous. Each stage was so fluid that they just rolled together to tell a brilliant story. It's full of shotgun in ingenious camera shots, some with a very feeling Hitchcockian. <br /> <br /> All in all, the FBI story is a spectacular, but neglected film. The clock at two and a half hours some viewers might be intimidated, but if you get the chance I recommend jumping to this one. I enjoyed Jimmy Stewart's spectacular performances, and the fascinating story.
