In the G-Men tradition, the home on 92nd Street, the street that has no name, now comes the FBI story of one of these films carefully supervised that showed the Federal Investigation Office at the best possible light. While it's 48 years director J. Edgar Hoover was alive, he should have shown no other kind of light. The book by Don Whitehead that this film based is a straightforward story in the office from it to the founder of 1907 until about the time film of the FBI story out. It is important to remember that there was a FBI before J. Edgar Hoover headed it. Some of this time is covered by the movie too. <br /> But Warner Brothers did not make such a documentary to the FBI meat and fictional characters in 'Hardesty John' Chip were created. Hardesty as played by James Stewart is a FBI man who graduated law school and rather than going to practice took a job with the office of early wines. <br /> <br /> In Real Life The Office was directed by William J Burns at Burns's Private Detective Agency. It was in fact an incredibly political operation then as shown in the movie. Burns was on Harding's scandalous periphery management. When Hoover was appointed in 1924 to bring legal profession techniques and competent standards, he did so only. <br /> Through the Hardesty family who is Stewart and Vera Miles wife we ​​see the story of the FBI unfold. In addition we see a lot of family history stories that are fully integrated into FBI's history itself. Stewart and Miles are more assured than all American couples. We follow the FBI in some of the Stewart cases involving, detaining Ku Klux Clan members, a plot to kill the wealthy oil, bringing down the notorious criminals to their thirty, involvement and arresting Nazi sympathizers in World War II World and Spies Communist vs. Cold War. There is a kind of prologue serving where Stewart tells a class of the FBI Academy before he goes to the office's history as he interrupts himself. This involves a bomb set on an airplane by a son who buys much life insurance on his mother before the flight. Nick Adams will give you the ramps as the perpetrator and the story is sadly important today. <br /> Of course if the FBI story was written and produced today it would reflect something different and not so all Americans. Still the FBI has a story to tell and it is not a negative one. FBI's story is not one of Jimmy Stewart's best films, but it's the first one I've ever seen with my favorite actor in it so it's a special affection for me. If the whole FBI made up Jimmy Stewarts, I would feel a lot better about it. There's also a good performance by Murray Hamilton as his friend and fellow agent who died in a shooting with Baby Face Nelson. <br /> <br /> Vera Miles was not just married to Stewart, she's in fact married to the FBI as a movie demonstrated. He is dating mostly, but still has a good and interesting story to tell.
