This is a fun "story" of the FBI, but it should be viewed as a fiction, because it's exactly what it is. What else she could when J. Edgar Hoover was personally approved and had a role in the production. James Stewart is excellent, as usual, and cast in support, except for the Vera Miles talents, is a good thing. Murray Hamilton is especially good at a support role as Stewart's partner and best friend. FBI's achievements in the films are undoubtedly true. What's important is what she left out. <br /> One of the most humiliated parts of the movie is the diagram of the massacre of John Dillinger. It is described as pretty much as it happened, but no mention at all is made by Melvin Purvis, Chief of the Chicago Office who led the operation. Instead, the operation is shown as if Hardesty Chip's hardware fiction has run it. He said Hoover was jealous of the advertising that Purvis had received after Dillinger died; Purvis was immediately transferred to a remote post, and shortly thereafter left the FBI. This is no doubt why Purvis never mentioned in the movie. But this viewer, at least, pause to think if Purvis has treated this way, that's about all the agents doing all the other operations shown in the movie. They were also completely ignored and replaced by the fictional Hardesty. The movie is probably accurate in its paintings of FBI activities up to the end of WWII. However, after that point, the film would have us believe that the only threat facing the U.S. came from international communism, which is no doubt that Hoover believes. Never forget the Mafia. Never forget the lynchings that were still on the South. Never forget that the blacks were being bullied to keep them from voting in much of the South. I do not know if the FBI started wiretapping Martin Luther King by the time this film was made, but if not, it was not very long after it started. <br /> As I said at first, this is amusement is very good, but it should be viewed as the fiction of sanitation that it is.
