Years of drugs are actually suffering from one of the aspects of mini-series or other types of television documentary running over and over again for a couple of weeks on TV. It's actually not long enough, in a way. All of the major bases of the decades are covered, and they are all interesting to note as the post-modern and opinion views. But it almost does not cover enough, or at least it's covered at times once more when it might be worth more time. For example, the information and details of three parts on the whole process and the business itself in the amount of drug shipments (partly marijuana, later cocaine) is really well presented, but there are more details that are kept in the question How Many When Covered Documents Covered Medicine, Pop Culture, Government Intervention, Upper Classes and Lower and Lower Neighborhoods, All Have Felt Various Drugs Over the Years, and Interpretation Between All very obvious. No one in the movie - except for the possibility of small suggestions with the skin) - go to endorse drugs outright, but these shows are people in clips archive on the honesty of what's fun times, and then , tragic, about taking certain drugs. The emergence of various containers, ridiculously anti-drug practitioners hammered some hard-down points and even in such an overview of the drug cultures and America's connections as a whole - as there really is one bigger point that is being done Couple twice by one of the interviews. The only way to truly approach the issue of drugs is not to 'just say no', because as the war on drugs shows it is not as effective as thought. It is really just coming clean everywhere on all the drugs and those who can be hypocrisy on them (like, for example, oxycontin continues on in the market). <br /> <br /> Is it with the great interest and depth of a Ken Burns documentary? No, but for some winter TVs look for the youth (ie my age) that will see a lot of this as nearly ancient history despite most of it that they have no more than one generation ago, as well as for the 'old' who can reflect some decades later on the big heads, negligence times, and then the silence of prodded more by the same media as years earlier spread and publish it. Someone might find the documentary to be particularly biased, which is not entirely true, but it tries to get enough different to take on the social, political, and entertainment requirements of interweaving drugs (for better or obvious worse) for adequate in a fascinating view.
