May and her husband go to visit their children and grandchildren. The visit is awkward because the children and the "kids" do not really seem to know each other as one might expect. The heat should be missing. After dinner, her husband says she does not feel well, blaming her daughter's cook, and irritably says she wants to go home. He died that night. May, now a widow, loses. He clearly did not have a passionate wedding or a very interesting one, but he had a goal. He had someone who needed it, and even if his own needs had gone unmet for years, he had something to do with his day. <br /> It is depressed and unmotivated. She left with her daughter, Paula, who shortly after her mother arrives, allows her mother to know that she never felt that her mother had given her lots of things. It allowed in anger about her lack of encouragement. May seem disarmed and surprised, yet it also does not seem to have the energy or desire to really do it right. "I'm your mother and I love you." What really says? (I've heard this from my own mother's way too many times and do not yet know what it means.) Paula is a bit (well, more than a bit) neurotic. Both women are in need, though they are very different. Paula was involved with a friend of his son, Darren, who is a handyman working on the home owned by his son. While Paula is working during the day, May begins having conversations with lunch and Darren. Darren is a married man who lived with his wife because of the autism sons, Nicky, but supposedly not staying home with his wife. <br /> <br /> May gets attracted to Darren because she is virile and she enjoys the connection they seem to have. Darren gets attracted to Me because she offers a kind of peace and understanding that she does not find in other women in her life. (He also gets too interested in money that can say that he can give him "get away from it all," though it is clearly not interested in his desire to join him on such trips. They end up sleeping together in the spare room during the day, and could enjoy the production of a woman that she was not known in years, nor was she hoping to know again. As her daughter Paula was often told she would leave Darren couples This is a part of the rationalization of May that it is doing is okay. <br /> In a written group that Paula leads, May is presented, rather forced to get along with a widow whom he has not attracted. There is a scene where she has sex with older people, who clearly can barely make, and it's really painful and disturbing as we see the total disgusting thing in my face while enduring one's annoying bonding. <br /> Eventually, Paula discovered in some pretty graphic arts made by her mother, that indeed her mother and Darren were having sex. <br /> This movie will undoubtedly be seen by many of way myriad. Sympathy will be divided. At one point, during Paula's writing, he can reveal in a short essay that he used to feel as if he had hated the children by the end of the day, and would leave for pubs after being asleep, making sure you return home before her husband. <br /> <br /> Clearly, a good mother does not think of leaving the kids alone when she goes to the pub site. May, however, has also been revealed earlier in the film that her husband does not like she has any friends, so she did not have any. He did what He wanted Him to do. He was miserable but he was wearing it because, as he said, "it was easier." So while May was not the best mom, for those who are inclined to have any sympathy for her, one can see the May action as the act of a woman just wanting to be sexual and to be a live for " a few minutes "in his life. A woman who just wanted someone to listen to her, knew her as a person, had a friend and a guy. Paula, though neurotic and happy, may have come this way because of the distant parent who raised her. Certainly, it's not hard to understand why Paula feels completely betrayed by her mother. <br /> It's a well-designed movie, which is more complex than I mentioned, and certainly one that will let the viewer and many, perhaps controversy, reaction. It's a worthwhile movie to discuss and debate, and above all, worth seeing. One thing the movie leaves us is the horror and fears of a lonely life. Regardless of those who judge "right" or who 'judge' wrongly by every viewer, this theme of old age and loneliness, conjures a sense of fear at most of us, is inevitable.
