While film titles have 'mother' words, the first thing that comes to our mind will be a mother's love for her children. <br /> However, Mother tells a different story. /> Mom does not discuss the love between a mother and her child, or how she offers herself for her child's benefit. Here, Notting Hill director Roger Michell tells us how to love a mother for about half the age he hurt the people around him. Daniel Craig takes on the role of James Bond, here he plays Darren, a man who is helping to renovate the home of mother's mother, and sleep with his daughter as well. Anne Reid, who was a familiar figure on television series, took up the challenge of the main character, May. <br /> <br /> The story begins with May to cope with the sudden loss of her husband, Toots, in a family visit to her son, Bobby. While he befriends Darren, a handyman who is doing some renovation at Bobby's home, she was shocked to find out that her daughter, Paula, was sleeping with Darren. At the same time, May survived with life after death in Toots. Heart that Harry and Paula do not want it, can begin to get his life away from track until it spends his afternoon with Darren. Darren was nice and friendly to May, and May soon found some affection on Darren. Instead of treating her as a friend, she treated the man who was about half his age and loved in a couple. And they can find sexual pleasure in Darren, where he gave him the pleasure he never can find on anyone else. And this is the beginning of the disaster that could lead to breaking a family. Mom explored the inner world of a widow who wanted to try something she never had in her life, and tremble about someone who has to be in her shoulder. This can be said from May buying was time snack for Darren to fulfill sexual needs from a man less than him, where he eventually gave him more than he negotiated for. Anne Reid has made a tool for her role as May, as she has already been best known for her various roles on TV series. As she does not have many movies to resume her career, Mother put her on the critical attention. Daniel Craig, on the other hand, took on a similar role in his film career, such as Sylvia (2003) and enduring love (2004). If his blame role in James Bond fails, film review should not be forgotten that he has a better performance in small productions in his career in film career, and the Mother is one of them. The mother is not allowed to be all favorite, but it is definitely not showing your usual mons go along with tea and scones, accompanied by butter and jam.
