With her husband's hardship, May, an older woman faces a future in a city world that is considered invisible, dead from the neck down, and unwelcome to the yuppie pseudophysis home of her son, Bobby and his wife, Helen, and Paula, a self-absorbed, caught, and minimal talented daughter. The central family is nothing but warm, supportive, and understanding of its new and tragic stage of life and the death of her husband. The mother is a quiet characteristic that shows how in some societies, the elderly parent is also unwelcome and a burden for adult children with careers and situations that cover everything else. As May coming to realize the world is still important to her, the lonely widow finds her libido he reawakened and alive with his daughter companion, a carpenter and rough guy. Can enter a uninhibited sexual affair with Darren whose sympathetic character at first, but its defective nature is quickly revealed by the pressures of the women surrounding her. This is the kind of Hollywood actress role in a certain age that is never written for them, but it would never appear in because of the filming of the film, bracelets, onlamoric wardrobe, little makeup, and social comment on the vapidness of the very society film industry women are inchrenched. The performance by the lead actress, Anne Reid ranges from quiet to giddy and flower interpretation on screen of drab widows in a middle-aged, lively and liberated woman without face-up, hair extensions, and liposuction. He breaks over his soul for the screen. Daniel Craig is the host allowing, Derrek that beds both mothers and daughters. It turns into another stellar performance that is at first sympathetic to the widow's situation, but the end is without redemption as its true nature unfolds and it is literally the hollow of a hen. His unmatched character's inability to say no ex-wife, boring girlfriend, and his mother blamed as the root of his inception existence. While good with his hands to build a conservatory, he is able to build the meaning of his life. <br /> One of the best films from Great Britain in years, it is simply adult in its scenario. Mom is the rare type of movie that is perhaps too honest for American audiences to tolerate no chase cars, no bling, no band band recalls the Christian performances by TV starters and studmuffins buff. The mother reflects how bad baby babies are now disposable who their children want to neglect, send them to retirement homes, and get out of the way. May not know what to do as he did alive by Darren, he does not want to go to the old Janks home, and he finds his kids more conservative than ever in their age.
