What a movie is moving. I have a dear friend who is in his sixties and for the past 15 years has told me that people do not see him again, and he craves for company. When I finished my 40s, I began to see what she was complaining about. You have no juvenile, beautiful or touchy. When May says "... this is a body ..." wow. How does our body change and how we say it is not nice. I love when it begins to change what it puts ... the colorful scarf ... by the frumpy wife. <br /> It's a sad and wonderful picture at the same time. Tris in which May betray her daughter's trust ... beautifully in that she finds herself in the difficulty of the affair, and chooses to move and finally have her own life. I love charisma the same character starting to love affair. <br /> <br /> Mostly I like the movie because finally it is a picture that shows the complicated nature of relationships, be familiar or not. We see Paula's vulnerability, but she will have what she wants at all costs ... (when she tells her mom that she will have a baby for Darren if she wants one or not after her mother ask if Darren same want a child). The movie hit the brand about how relations can change, and yet reveal what was all along, dormant. May has been her own creativity for raising a family. A family that he did not really want, but was "something you just did when he was young". I love the scene when Darren calls it an old tart, and smiles and says "I never called it before". It was really a gem in a movie. <br /> And Daniel Craig. Well, I just love him. I was pleasantly surprised. Not only is it beautiful on the eyes, it is a real talent. What is a clean role. It is more than any 007 that is for sure and I look forward to seeing it in more of this nature. The scene where she is pleasing to me and the look of it is to sort of a look at wonder that she has this control over this woman, and also one of the fun to be able to give this to her. She is actually enjoying her pleasure. A wonderful scene. The contrast is the love scene with Bruce. Bruce is totally absorbed with her own pleasure ... two completely different men ... .. alas ... I wonder where is my darren?
