The beginning of the movie we watched Me and Toots preparing for the London trips for a visit to the kids to grow. One can see that Toots is not at best in health, but it goes along. When he dies suddenly, the world begins to turn out of control. The film directed by Roger Michell, based on a screen game by Hanif Kureshi, is a study of how this mother's face comes to terms with her new image of life and awakening her in a world that she does not even know existed until now. <br /> <br /> May's life as a suburban wife was probably boring. It is obvious his sexual life was next to nothing. We get to know he has a short wedding supplement, then there is nothing at all. When she lost her husband, she could not go home, so instead, she remained behind her grandson's daughter in her daughter's home. It is in this environment that can start lusting after Darren Young and hunky, his daughter's occasional lover. Darren awakes in May a passion he had never known. Can respond by transforming himself before our eyes. May, that at the beginning of the movie is dowdy, suddenly start dressing up, becoming an interesting and attractive woman. He ends up falling head on heels with this young man who keeps him sitting with a passion he never felt before. <br /> <br /> Having known a couple of similarities to this story, she came as no surprise for me to look at the Month's reaction. His own chance of a normal relationship with Bruce, a widow, ends up frustratingly for May, which realizes how big his sex is with Darren. The youngest man, we face, only in this matter are satisfied himself and for a possibility of expelling money from May. Finally, the daughter Helen discovered what Mum did behind her when she discovered the erotic paintings her mother did. The movie is a triumph for the director. In Anne Reid, Mr. Michell found an extraordinary actress who cares for May's role. Also amazing is Daniel Craig. He knows how Darren will react to the situation. Anna Wilson Jones as Helen is also important in the story as she is the one who has confronted the mother about what went on behind her. Oliver Ford Davies plays a small part as Bruce's older man in Helen's class and is quite effective. The movie is rewarding for people who will see it with an open mind. <br /> <br /> <br />
