It's hard to imagine a crap-like director like 'Notting Hill' pulling on something as sensitive and as attractive as this, but well, here's the proof and it's quite compelling. Several accused of drama TV, and yes, this has a Sixty Play for Today Feeling at Late, but is still a cut above, especially I think of some supreme assets acting out of Anne Reid and a fine-shaded box-box with cliché without ever getting one on the nose, except perhaps right at the end. (I did not like either the follow-up tracking of Goodbyes indifferent to the hallway, or the Oh-what a wonderful-morning event: it deserves a final study more than I think, after all that hard work. was a bit OTT too, about reflection). <br /> What I mean about avoiding stereotypes: well, I for one had a sinking expectation that the "mature" man's daughter May trying to put it and would be thrown into 2-dimensional as an old repulsive make, so as to point the controversy more painfully and attractive, the virulent young geezer it is incompetent to compete with. Instead, we find an unexpectedly subtle and sympathetic cancer of a lonely, clumsy, not entirely unlikeable and very human fellow, who somehow does not have a lot of signs of entertaining a woman. It was around that point I started to sit and pay more attention. Here was a script that let the actors breathe and do something interesting and fairly minor parties. Almost Mike Leigh in this respect (fewer catharses are perfectly the inexplicable letter goes in for). <br /> <br /> And of course I was, as everyone probably was, dumbfounded by what Anne Reid does with his character and body. It is / not / "reprimanding, housewife mandatory discovering himself for the first time", this is far too simplistic for the character we have. Again and again there is alignment that he had a "bad housewife", not to mention the things he did with trays, trying to look nurturing and beautiful and only succeeding in the left. The daughter accused her of "sitting in front of the television all day" instead, well, regardless of her mother's work may be assumed to be: she has no response. She has never been a model mother and mother, at least not herself - that's where a lot of the poignancy comes from, the essence of someone who has been wasting a life trying to fill her role simply was not good at all time.
