After the SuperFriends and Scooby Doo left in the morning Saturday in the fall of 1986, I pretty much stopped watching Cartoons Saturday morning at that point since they were the only two who kept me tuning in .. And since neither the real Ghostbusters Both the Flintstone Kids seemed very promising to me, I "retired" and started to sleep on Saturday morning. I was only returning to Saturday morning in 1988 for a year only for one and one animated show. <br /> A new animated show at Superman was something I was not going to spend. I was 17 and at high school at the time, but so what! I liked this show. From what I can remember, this series was a fan gift I suppose to celebrate the 50th birthday celebration in particular years. It has the theme music and the music style reminiscent of John Williams film scores from the Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman movies. I honestly felt that the Ruby Spears style animation was made reminiscent of the Super Power Team: Galaxy Guardian series by Hanna Barbera a few years before. Unfortunately, Danny Dark did not come back as superman, but I felt Beau Weaver did a very impressive job as the Superman voice and Clark Kent was nerdy like the Chris Reeve version. After hearing him like Reed Richards / Mr. Fantastic on the fantastic 90's, I could still see this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane. LOL! What a cold. He was a voice director for Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears and I guess he took it over himself to make Lois. Memories of SuperFriends are delayed in this series when it comes to the voice on cast. Jimmy Olsen is Mark Taylor, who on SuperFriends was former Firestorm. White Perry is none other than former television broadcaster Stanley Ralph Ross, who on SuperFriends was Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac in the Super Power Show. But Lex Luthor, now a wise Tycoon invoice is none other than SuperFriends, Michael Bell, who I know best as Zan and the Riddler as well as many other characters on many other series. I felt that this series was a combination of the Superman movie along with the post-crisis Jan Byrne crisis, and Lex Luthor as a billionaire tycoon, Jonathan and Mat Kent were alive to see Clark as Superman . Bruce Timm series and Lois and Clark would also do this. Unfortunately, we've never seen Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, Metallo, or Darkseid. Other than Luthor, we saw only the Prankster and we saw General Zod. I especially liked one episode and Wonder Woman, who was voiced by BJ Ward who played it on the Super Power Team as well. <br /> <br /> The episodes were broken and I also enjoyed the growing clark and story development from childhood to adolescence to an adult moving in the small metropolis of the little segment, Superman Family Album la. <br /> <br /> Only two things I did not like. It only lasted one season. Afterwards, following the Wonder Woman's Place, I was hoping Batman would turn up the voice by Adam West (Always think about the Super Power Supply Episodes I guess). I also hoped for it because of the episode of Prankster, the Metropolis baseball team was pitted against the Gotham Goliath. <br /> <br /> Each popular super hero has one of the most rare cartoon series. For SpiderMan, I feel in the 1981 solo series that reveals the same time as amazing friends. For the Incredible Hulk, it's drawing in 1982. For the Fantastic Four, it's the 1978 series and the HERBIE robot. For Batman, it's the New Adventures of Batman 1977 by Filmation featuring BatMite. But to superman, the rarest series is this one. <br /> <br /> Superman and documentary books have never been covered or mentioned. This is another series that WB should consider for DVD release. All in all, this 1988 version of Superman is well .... Super !!
