At the opening stage, patch of jealous wearer named Hawkeye has a smooth fronts, but when he followed the Johnny in Pueblo, he was shown with a mark on his patched eyes. It's just one of the many contagions of this "spaghetti" west, but rather than detecting from the picture, it adds a special taste to the procedures. Another comes when Sanchez turns into his three dead bodies, to be examined for their identity - "You just can not imagine how many fake corpses we have in our city." Immediately after, Carradine (Lawrence Dobkin) showed up to collect his bounty with no more than one wanted poster at hand. As for the film director of Johnny Yuma (Mark Damon), he showed his pocket on right and left right and left while filming after exchanging guns and Carradine after the barroom brake. Johnny is bound to San Margo to demand his uncle, but they will have to deal with his death from the wife of Samantha (Rosalba Neri) and his brother combine Pedro (Louis Vanner). It takes some time to get there, but it's a fun ride with one of the best music scores on record. As for this saloon fight, I got a kick from the kung fu fu effects every time a punch connected. <br /> <br /> Care for some more history exaggeration? After the duel with Pedro the first time, Johnny wipes wet a small amount of blood in his lip that he managed to face all Pedro's face and. Similarly, when Pedro smacks around little pepe later in the movie he does not cut it, but by the time John arrives, Pepe's face is covered with blood. <br /> <br /> "Johnny Yuma" is probably one of the best in the genre that does not have Clint Eastwood in it. As Johnny, Mark Damon is a reasonably reasonable stand from the exterior broth. Carradine seemed to be a replacement for the mandatory Lee Van Cleef character, without a total bad guy. In the first identification exchange between Carradine and Johnny did not seem to make sense, but it all tied together by the time the movie ended. You knew every sleep would wind up getting it due; When you ask, the title hero has nothing to do with the character Nick Adams from the Western TV TV "Rebel". In this movie, Johnny received his name from a gunfight he had at Yuma once. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most unique element in the story is to do with the way it bind things up with the evil Samantha that pulls strings behind the scenes at all. After shooting Carradine she beat a sharp retreat before Johnny can get his revenge. Still alive, she looks like Carradine tries to shoot her and miss, but she does not take time for Johnny and Sanchez to follow her in the dessert where she dies without water - Carradine aimed for her canteen.
