One of the satisfaction of the West All'italiana, Johnny Yuma has the very freshness of WAI made during the great day of the glitter of the genre and is highly recommended for fans of the genre or offbeat, intelligent movies. Johnny Yuma is, in most respects, not very terribly original, but that's actually not counting. The success of a genre film depends on how it meets people's expectations of the audience and gives surprising variations on the elements expected. Earlier, fun experiences are recreated, but with twist (or larger) twisting that gives continuing interest. The quality of the execution is also, obviously, important. A tired rtread will be less successful than a sincere attempt to entertain or move the audience. <br /> <br /> Given these criteria, Johnny Yuma succeeds. There are so many relics of the elements from earlier films. The environment is the brutally twisted twilight semi-feudal twilight world shared by many of the best "gothic families" west made 1964-1968 like Massacre Tempo (1966). The plot is a combination of the basic fistful of dollars (1964) drawn with the Ringo films, a fact not surprising as Fendiando's senarist says Leo was involved in both. Said Leo was one of the best screenshots of the popular cinema coming out of Cinecitta in the 1960s-70s and his work has helped provide much of the thematic and genuine continuation of the genre (Along with a couple of other personalities in a distinct circle of actors, directors, and screens). In FOD's plot, the protagonist came to town, driven a tense situation, then subjected to a near-death followed by a resurrection (in some films, like Quella Sporca Storia in the west (1968) it is quite literally a crucifix). The abundant Catholic of the narrative and symbolism is intriguing, especially providing implicit populism / explicit social censorship of filmmakers and films. The Ringo plot, developed more fully by Ernesto Gastaldi's screenwriter in a series of films, begins Guliano Gemma, an egoist protagonist choosing the interest of a community on its own through the medium in a relationship with a community member (with an ironic healthy grip uncertainty). The relationship between Carradine and Johnny is clearly based on that of Manco / Mortimer from a fistful of dollars (1965). The two scenes in the exchange of the gun belts provide a clever dialogue and understanding between the two. Many films, including Da uomo a uomo (1968) or even El Chuncho, meaning? (1967), uses this relationship between an older and younger male (father / son, older / younger brother, Anglo advisor / adversary and revolutionary peasant) as a central dynamic of the plot. is focused on deception and misdirection, labyrinths and mirrors, which repeat all the best WAI early. Cannons and pueblos in Almeria become literal labyrinths in which protagonists and antagonists play games change of cat and mouse. What distinguishes Johnny Yuma from other WAI is the quality of the use of Romolo Guerriri's director of visual / psychological space along the arrangement with the smart script mechanism for sending the plot. Dialogue is never very important in the WAI and often absurdly unintelligible (thought to be exceptions, such as cynical commentary in django (1966) or Faccia a faccia (1967). The psychological depth of character is created almost entirely in iconic imagery, it's jukstapositions, and its description of the narrative situation in general .. See how the presence of Samantha the deadly felt during the beat scene? watching from the roof or in the background The act of Johnny Samantha and Pedro in the securities and confidence in their powers of stealing their invasion at the hikes, hotels, even rooms (this, again, is a theme from FOD). There is a focus on the search for information. Many elements, this borrowed from FOD has been finally based on hard-boiled mystery novel Red Harvest. It is in occasional contact, wanted posters, heard conversations, look out in the window, watch out in the dus t, or error identification with words The evils of the rids created by the actions of Pedro and Samantha in this surreal and absurd reality are the tiny narrative forward to his conclusions. The film was remarkable in his time for being perceived as excessive in violence. Of course, these films were hardly more violent than many Western Americans. What was different was the psychological intensity of the violence and the causes it was attributed, which meant that it was not the violence, but that meant being changed. Johnny Yuma is different and interesting in its use and illustrations of violence and this is another interesting aspect of the movie. <br /> <br /> What I personally find most interesting about most of this genre is the link to the anonymous, renowned audience in Italy and Spain who are those recurrent writers who have made some meaning and interest . The associate may have no intrinsic value in and in itself ?? some flint debut comes from a prehistoric site, a shard of cruising pottery, or a molding grinder in leather and rusted metal ?? but it is the reference to some appointment, life, which was important simply because they existed. While Johnny Yuma has intrinsic value, much of his interest for me comes from this connection with mystery. <br /> <br /> Top West Spaghetti List http://imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21849907 <br/> <br /> Average SWs http://imdb.com/mymovies/list?l = 21849889 <br /> <br /> For fans only (bottom of the barrel) http://imdb.com/mymovies/list? l = 21849890
