The beginnings started as a short 1971 novel by Bernard Malamud - writers / philosophers - examining the controversy between Jews and Black Americans in the Brooklyn atmosphere at the time of writing the book. As a novel story was wrenchingly real: as transcribed in a scenario by David Diamond and Danny Green (also directed) novices it is much more of a ceremonial essay writing that gradually triggers in action at the final moments. /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist and a book under his belt, but now attempts to finish his 'newest' book ten years in the writing. Convinced that he must fill the novel in the same environment as he started. He is the only tenant in a Brooklyn condemned building owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel) who is still trying to 'buy out' Harry's lease so that the dilapidated building building can be demolished. In this atmosphere enters another black quasi-anti-semitic writer Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg) Harry Harry friends, hides, and offers the help of the novelist's attempts to write about everyone's white death. Harry's tale helps Willie lead to conflict, not least of which is Willie's girlfriend meeting, the Irene Bell's White Rose (Rose Byrne) at a friendly friendly gathering of Willie brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are on the skids and Harry gradually fell in love with Irene and plan to leave New York as soon as Harry finished his novel. When Willie heard of the assignment and more criticized by Harry, Willie exploded and started down to the descent not only a delicate friendship, but also a competition between writers. The term 'reveals the nature of the slip of the human condition, and the human ability of violence and defeat'. The actors do their best with a script that is a bit awkward but despite scripting lines that preach to create credible characters. Cinematography improves the story, keeps the mood dancer and dance and primarily imprisoned in condemning the building. The proper music note makes use of the solo jazz trunk and piano blues to highlight the tension and isolation of each of these illegitimate characters. Even if it takes some patience to do it in the cerebral ramblings, the movie in the end is worth watching. At least he tried to recreate the fated look of life in the big city. Grady Harp
