This is a very well-made movie. Acting, the script and camera-work are all first-rate. The music is good, too, though it is especially early in the movie, when things are still relatively much better. There is no really superstar at the disposal, though several figures will be familiar. Throw at all to perform an excellent job with the script. <br /> But it's hard to look, because there is no good end to a situation like the one presented. It is now fashionable to blame the British for placing Hindus and Muslims against each other, and then mechanically separating them from two countries. Some merit of this view, but it's also true that there is no forced Hindus and Muslims in the region to mistreat each other as they did throughout the time of partition. It seems likely that the British simply sees the tensions between religion and being smart enough to exploit them in their own. <br /> <br /> The result is that there are so many cruelty and inhumanity in the situation and that is very unpleasant to remember and to see on the screen. But it never painted as a black-and-white case. There is baseness and nobility on both sides, and also the hope for change in the younger generation. <br /> There is redemption of a sort, in the end, when Puro has made a difficult choice between a man who has lost his life, but also really loves him, and his family has abandoned it, when that's later coming looking for it. But by that point, it does not have any bloody options for it. This movie brings the message that both Muslims and Hindus have serious mistakes, and also both those who are dignified and caring. The fact of partitioning is that all the more wrenching realization, since there can never be real reconciliation across the India / Pakistan border. In this regard, it looks like "Mr & Mrs Iyer". In the end, we were pleased to see the movie, even though the resolution was heartbreaking. If the UK and US could deal with their own history of racism with this kind of frankness, they would certainly be better.
