As Jack Nicholson's first director, Drive, he said at least that he is a gifted director of actors. Even though the story seems to have lost its way to the audience (and in a modern audience - if it can be found, which pops up now and over - it might seem more free to form than to think), films In there is vivid, interesting characterization. The film tells of two college children: the protagonist is Hector (William Tepper, at what's on a break-out performance), a star of the leopard, his college basketball team playing on. While he was dealing with a coach (Bruce Dern) who put pressure on the focus to stay focused, with an over and over girlfriend (Karen Black) and emotional self problems, there's Gabriel (Michael Margotta), other young the goat. Gabriel, it seems, is just a little more than freeze from the possibility of being shot, and so in his own radical mind he does what he can to keep out. But as Hector tries to find the balance between his fame and loved ones, Gabriel is passing on the threshold of Sanity. Nicholson, on the technical side of these things, shows a fascinating modification style that keeps things on edge during the basketball scenes, and applies darkness to many other scenes and a documentary-feeling at all. And from Tepper, Black, and even Robert Towne (writers of Chinatown, Last Details, and Mission: Impossible among others, which rarely acts) and garnered some credible acting work. Even though Tepper has a tendency to downplay his emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he was able to act brilliantly sarcastically, he does not play it for what it is worth. From Margotta, on the other hand, there is a vibrant force, tight in its performance, and as it descends to fear, but maybe understand from the times (and what a climax). Than stolen most of his scene, by the way, in a performance that should have won him an Oscar nomination. Each line of dialogue is appropriate, true, and never hammed up as the latest film coaching performance. <br /> But what dragged down the movie is that elements involving the characters do not explain in the one degree might want more. The film was based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote the script with Nicholson, and I hoped that the movie should be longer than it was. It is a thin volume and a lot of information, about times, about the sport, about the feelings that were and those of the younger generation. Nicholson presents us with these characters and situations, and rarely shows them what motivates them (the anti-war demonstrators do not include, the parties understand enough). Gabriel is perturbed by what's happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector, too, is a guy who has been arrested on being shot for the NBA, and he still likes to play, but what keeps him back? This whole atmosphere is intriguing, as the college / basketball experience of the late 60's was, but this intriguing quality, which leads to some originality, holds at a point where it can not go too far. In general, the effect of the movie as a whole is bitter, and somewhat memorable for its good point, and not for it's low. And, for sure, you can tell who's behind the lens every step in the way. B +
