Eric Rohmer of the "Lady and Duke". could use a better translation for the title. "The English Woman and the Duke", perhaps, would be more accurate. While it's obvious this movie is not for everyone, judging by the comments in this forum, it is worth looking because in spite of the complicated pattern of the story, Mr. Rohmer has created a movie that can be seen as a art exhibition in a museum. The mixed technology used in the film, finally, works well. The strange story of Grace Elliott, a noble lady who was mistress of King England and the French Duc d'Orleans, kept our attention. The setting is Paris during the days following the French Revolution. The country was in turmoil and power was in the hands of the people, who could not care less for the aristocracy. The images show the agitators running around with the most famous people after their trip to the guillotine. Grace's relationship with the Duc ended, but she remained a true friend of the great man in danger, himself, losing his own self. Grace moves through all the horrors around him without being able to escape. He even has an enemy in his own home, in the form of Cook, Pulcherie, who would not hesitate to denounce him in the least provocation. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie, at times, give the viewer one impression that will be on a trip to the Louvre watching the great campaigns that describe this important era of French history. Rather than getting the digitalized process distracted, we find it improving the movie in many ways. Lucy Russell, as Grace Elliott, did a great job of showing this woman who had seen her throughout her life. Her French looks excellent, as she looks she's talking to her. As Duc d'Orleans, Jean Claude Dreyfus has made a fantastic contribution to believing he is noble himself without any effort. Thrust in support was also great. As a piece of ensemble Mr. Rohmer gets good performance all around. For lovers of history, "The Lady and the Duke" will be an exciting movie to watch thanks to the vision of Eric Rohmer.
