This is quite an amazing movie to watch. By using digital technology, the director, Rohmer, was literally instructing his living actors to paint paints. Most of this time this brilliant job, especially at the start where the movie is like a pop up book history coming to life. It is less successful in a few scenes, where it limits camera angles (they have not painted the side of some of the buildings for example) but it is a very interesting movie movie a movie that is as much about our own bad design with limited input in history as history itself. It is related to using the memories of the former Duc d'Orleans Brain, Grace Elliott. So an event usually claimed as one of their own by Marxist historians, especially in France, here said from the point of view of a foreign aristocratic woman. Inevitably, a different point of view appears - there can be no objective representation. The use of the memory device gives the film a episodic quality. Personally, I found the story line around King's most interesting death. A permanent royalist is shocked when the Voting Doubt of King's Death (a basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful to follow the dialogue between Grace and the Duc here. It was Louis's cousin and was elected to the Assembly. , where he promptly changed his name to Philip equity). The movie of Louis's death is mastery. Grace and her maid are in Meudon, from Paris, watching from a mountain with a telescope. We do not see the execution, we just heard the maid comment, like Grace. The most dramatic event in the Revolution is going on screen. Grace can not endure him to put him to death. His view is that of an aristocrat. Any Louis's death justification is literally beyond his vision. This is powerful, really smart movie making. The story of love between the Duc and Grace is insinuated, never said, and it is powerful moving (what the Duc looks like a bit of a firefighter at times, what he sees in it? No accounting for tasting) . The undercurrents of madness (simply existing ones being enough to be a suspect) sweep people together in a time like the Revolution are illustrated as Grace's life turned upside down, his home searched everyday, but he always orders his servants to cook and is incapable of dressing himself! If you have any interest in all of a subtle, well-known film, make clever use of new technology says an old story, or the representation at an essential moment in Europe's history is narrated by an alien aristocratic foreign woman, its ultimate ultimate Then, this is well worth your time. It's a little slow in place, but your patience is rewarded accomplished.
