Like many Americans, I was first introduced to the works of Hayao Miyazaki when I saw "Spirited Away." I fell in love with the movie and saw it many times. Now I'm on a search to see each film by Miyazaki. One of his earliest works is "Castle in the Sky." Although it's still enjoyable, it's not as good as "Spirited Away" (though compared to this or any movie in 2002 his masterpiece is perhaps unjust). A boy named Pazu (James Van Der Beek) is working in a late one day late, when he sees a girl falling slowly in the sky. When she wakes up in the morning, she introduces herself as Sheeta (Anna Paquin). But Sheeta has a secret, and before she knows it, Pazu pulls into an adventure that will lead her to danger and pirates, the army and a losing floating city. <br /> Going to a movie by Hayao Miyazaki means you can expect one thing: a sense of wonder and magic. Many movies have tried, but no one can create a sense of magic and awe like Miyazaki. Watching a movie by Miyazaki is like having a fantastic dream in your childhood. Because the animated film, lining the movie does not pose much of a problem because it is the next impossible to determine whether or not the lip movements match up to the words. It also helps the dialogue to translate well and voice by talented actors. The voice acts varied. James Van Der Beek fares far. It brings an unstoppable enthusiasm and excitement to the role of Pazu who is perfect for the character. Anna Paquin is almost as good as Sheeta. She's scared by the events going on around her, but she knows what she's doing. The Hamill brand is insignificant as the Muska is wrong. It's dangerous and wants something out of Sheeta, and they'll do anything to get it. Other voices are bad. Cloris Leachman is terrible as Dollar. Leachman may have won an Oscar for "the latest image show," but it's annoying as the pirate leader. Leachman gives the character a obnoxious squawk that's almost always monotonous. It's so bad he almost broke the movie! Jim Cummings is a actor-voice actor, but he was sick as the general. <br /> I would definitely recommend seeing "Castle in the Sky." I'll probably buy it myself. But even if it's not as good as "Spirited Away," it's still pretty good.
