The first of Ghibli's official films, Laputa is the same as its predecessor Nausicaa, but whereas Nausicaa was an SF epic, this is more of a comedy-adventure action with a fairly weak SF website. The first half hour of the movie I thought I was going to love it. Once again you find yourself in awe of Miyazaki's attention to detail, and her ability to conjure up an imaginative world of meticulous, beautiful perfection. The animation, though still not in the league of the Ghibli films later, is a little better than in Nausicaa. <br /> I mentioned in my review of Nausicaa that one character is drawn to an animated 'Lupinesque' style. Here are a whole bunch of them: the pirates. They give the humorous component of the movie, though well why it needs a funny element I'm not sure. There was nothing funny about Nausicaa, and I think it was best for her. Still. He said that, the dollar, the pirate leader, is the most memorable character of the film (though it was basically a Long John Silver girl. Do not be surprised if you're reminded of 'Planet Treasure' at times) and it is good voiced by Cloris Leachman of the American Dubai. <br /> <br /> The English throw voice finds themselves well for the most part, actually. However something started to pear shaped for me on this film by the half mark. I think the best way that I could describe is that the characters get swallowed up by the vast scope of the story. I'll go back to that later. <br /> There are a lot to be admired on Laputa, and so many obviously love it, that I almost feel meant for only giving it 8 out of 10, but for me the word works here is 'admired'. It was more impressive than personally affected, and in more than two hours it just started to drag. <br /> <br /> The important thing for me was this: I really found that I was not very much on any of the characters. Disney would have taken care of developing the characters, making you really fall for them, rather than leaving them as relatively two-dimensional pieces to be moved around while gawked in the amazing visits to the movie. Even that would be tolerated if there were some SF in the story making up for her, but it was basically a lot of gobledegook about princesses and magic crystals. That's where Laputa falls down as far as I'm concerned, and that's what keeps it back from being a 10 potential out of 10 films. After saying that, he must admit that Miyazaki was the frontline of Disney's overall in 1986, when you consider that the films of the same year were the long-awaited 'Great Mouse Detective'. a good movie in some ways an amazing movie, and you should definitely see it, but I feel it's on-rated. I definitely prefer earlier 'Nausicaa at the bottom of the wind'. <br /> BTW, if you manage to watch them in chronological order, look for the fox squirrel from Nausicaa popping up briefly at Laputa.
