I just realized I was using IMDb for years now and I never reviewed my favorite movie. My favorite does not mean something I like for now, I mean this film is so supernaturally perfect that there is never another anime experience going to touch it. This is obvious because I will never make a child anymore; I saw this movie about ITV in the early nineties. I was 12 years old that this film was directed by the movie, I'm also male, this sex movie intended for (the overwhelming majority of Miyazaki's protagonist girl). Consequently, this film has inspired the impression of my childhood psychology, and I'm still drugs Carl Macek (sp?) For producing the English dub of this film that is far superior to production Saying $ ney is not even funny - I never could look that one - of course subtitled is the only way ultimately however the Macek version is so good (the voices are almost exactly corresponding to the original Japanese actors) that version is available on the Japanese DVD! It is not available on any distribution in an English-speaking country. Go face. <br /> There are hundreds of competent comments so I'll put some trivia here, not that I'm the definitive recorder of information for this movie. <br /> <br /> First up I would like to agree with the review stating that you need 20 out of 10 Miyazaki's movie reviews - they are so in their own league that they do almost the whole catalog on IMDb to combine talk in insignificance. <br /> The fascinating story with this film is that Miyazaki based the country around the Slag River (Pazu's area) on the Welsh mining communities. He visited Wales for some months in the early 80s (might late 70s) just after one of the major mining strikes. When a hungry supporter of socialist movement in the sixties he felt. The fight between citizens and pirates at the beginning is used to display this sympathy with the worker. The country and the clouds especially in this movie remind me of where I grew up as her movie depicts a fantasy version of the rolling hills of the Midwest British Isles. <br /> <br /> The island is of course from the genius of the satire novel Swift in the eighteenth century - the story of Swift's book is, deliberately, ridiculous. In the Sky Castle, Miyazaki tram along myths like Atlantis and the Tower of Babel - I think the architecture in addition is based on Peruvian crush even though I'm not sure, someone told me that. Anyone who comes to reading this review and who likes this movie REALLY will want to check out Miyazaki's epic epic Mirai Shounen Conan - Future Boy Conan - based on the novel sci fi novel 'The Incredible Tide' by Alexander Key ( novel available online). Conan is basically a prototype for the Puta and Shita lapu. In addition you can not familiarize with her earlier work for Theater Mastering - some of its key frame animation. He also made key boards for Sherlock Hound - this is some of the biggest origins I've ever seen. Also check out Miyazaki and Takahata in the first feature Horus Prince's film in the Sun (1968) - amazing by today's standards in reality. What else ... Gauche Cellist and fly the Holy Ghost - though they are very rare. <br /> This movie is such a gift, I do not know what we would do without it and all this storytelling around other, this is like an oasis. Arigatou Miyazaki-censorship!
