Hayao Miyazaki's second film, and his debut to be widely acclaimed both commercially and critically (though his first - Nausicaa AKA warrior in the wind considered by many of his best fans), 'Tenku No Shiro Rapyuta' AKA The 'Castle in the Sky' may seem entertaining and simplistic when compared to its most recent masterpieces such as Kiki '' Service, 'Mononoke-hime' and 'Spirited Away', but in 1986 it was year ahead of its time and He was one of the milestones of modern anime. It is important to remember that the 'Castle of the Sky' was made two years before the Revolutionary 'Akira', and while it is not provocative and controversial as the aforementioned prince, the lead characters are all primarily basic manga hero / heroine / And the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki's designs and animation work in standards have never seen before. While the story and humor are a bit comical and outdated at times, the movie is still very fun and very enjoyable - if not as breathtaking as 'Spirited Away'. But if you will allow yourself to see the beauty of the boards themselves and ignore the low-budget collection and animation with the identical twin figures - at this point Miyazaki is still faithful to its roots and the agreed standards of Japanese cartoon - you will see the Miyazaki genius's brightness as well as it does on 'Spirited Away' and Mononoke. While the 'Castle of the Sky', being a sci-fi adventure and very suitable for children, fits into more neatly and animated classics than anything else she has ever done since her motives and principles always show and play a part important. To say more should break the movie, so I'll slowly close. Try to say that I give it only nine stars because if I gave it ten I could not go any higher for 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke'. And what would be a crime. <br /> As in most animated movies, I recommend looking at the Japanese version with English subtitles, though you do not speak a word in Japanese - the English oversdubs just do not tend to be very good, and in that case It's just scary. You might want to watch it in the English version once, though, just for the laughs, and for the star-filled cast (English English has only recorded following the success of 'Spirited Away', as it was for Service Kiki's Delivery) - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yeah, the Dawson Guy!) Fill the lead roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from 'Star Wars', in case you do not know!) Play the villain, and The other roles are filled by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck from Robin Hood Kevin Travesti) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) Good for a laugh, or a few laughs really. But look at one Japanese first.
