Listening to the band at this time, the images come back with a vividness that makes me want to see a very strong circle (in order to be able to type this). I saw it twice so far, and I should be ashamed to see it * only * twice. <br /> I've seen all Miyazaki & Ghibli Movie Studio, and they are invariably anything less than masterpieces (except perhaps for Nausicaa that was, even in the version that does not cut up too early compared to the nec-plus-ultra mek ). Still, the forces sometimes become weak, as they tend to get too naive / positive (Chihiro), or, with more nuances, a bit too explicit / moralist (Mononoke). At least, compared to the other Takahata's Ghibli example (Grave of the Fireflies / Only Yesterday / Raccoon Wars). But not this one. <br /> In laputa, Miyazaki poured out all the brilliant stories that Tellers in the stories looked like to perfection over the ages, combined with a bit of moral, but nicely tied up with not only a completely transandal atmosphere, but also with the humor and the entertainment for example Totoro. Each main character one perfectly describes with the doubts and fears and types that help them overcome difficulties. The rally is so perfect that I know of nothing except a black hole that could be exercising like a gravitational pull on your entire. The story sets out as an action cops and mystery hint, but when the girl falls from the sky, unconscious, floating with the stone, and the main theme kicks off, you get a glimpse into the grand mystery is about to uncover, but the story then solved and gradually, on a number of scenes carefully selected in action and serene beauty, built into a greater unforgettable sadness, hope, beauty - like, the days of gloom clutter, finally seeing the horizon on a clear morning, knowing the path was walking, seeing the distance in front, but smiling in reality only to be able to catch a glimpse into it. It is so like a white light exploding in your skull that if not when the credit starts rolling you have kept your eyes dry and mindy nuts, you should see a therapist. Despite the fact that technically-image-wise some more recent Miyazakis might be more overwhelming, this I remain the head of his Conte. If you take a fraction of a second to realize that this was done back in 1986, you can only come to the conclusion that Hayao Miyazaki is a genius like a star that appears only once every 200 years. This of course suggested before , but to me this is his only film that can be, on its own, completely illustrated by simple facts. If you miss this throughout your life, you will die with a great space - that should be a pity, as the coffin costs the same.
