Have you ever wanted that you could escape your math and stress at school or work and go on a magical adventure to your own, and one of your closest friends at your side, facing all kinds of dangers and bandits, and unravel the mystery of a lost civilization that's just waiting for someone to discover all his secrets? Even if you are not quite as much of a fantasy-lover, you ever want you could simply experience what it's like to be a kid again, and not have a care in the world, for just a couple the hour? <br /> <br /> This is exactly what Miyazaki's "Castle in the Sky" is all about. Pazu, a young but very brave and ambitious engineer, lives a rustic life in a mining town until one day, a girl named Sheeta falls down from the sky like an angel and takes her on a trip to a where far behind the clouds, while all while there are pirates and hot military units on the trails. Simply put, it is just the incredible adventure that every kid dreams of at one point or another, and I can not help but feel anxiety dissolve away every time I see it. As it is one of Miyazaki's greatest works and takes many places in the world every day, the film is not as visually spectacular or deep in its scenario as Spirited Away, Moving Castle Howl, or even Princess Mononoke. Still, I find it difficult to say that any of these films are superior to the other, because all three of these films are, at some point or another, mysterious to the point of being enigmatic, if not complicated, especially for the youngest of the viewers. <br /> <br /> "Castle in the Sky", on the other hand, does not try so much to be an allegory of any kind, and it's not a coming-of-age story either; it is rather quite possibly one of the best images inside of a child I've ever seen. Not only is the artwork beautiful, but used in perspective of children's eyes is just amazing; If it's dive up to the "camera" to see the enormous trees or clouds, or the incredible sense of height from looking down to the ground or ocean while hundreds of feet in the air, I just can not help but feel like I have with Pazu and Sheeta, just a kid in another world, far away from reality. <br /> <br /> Even the children themselves do not have a complex relationship that suggests a need for hope like Ashitaka / San or Chihiro / Haku; Sheeta is the angel of Pazu, he literally falls into his life from heaven one day, the person absolutely perfect for him right from the very beginning. As the film progresses, more and more of their true enthusiasm children come from their kind words and very realistic facial expressions. Not only are an adorable reminder of which I used to be, but endearing friendship never lets up all the movie, only growing stronger all the way to the last frame. For that reason, I fell in love with two of them more than I have and any other Miyazaki couple. At the same time, "Castle in the Sky" is such a movie readily accessible because no matter what kind of casual movies you can, you will be sure to get your fix here. Mystery, action, drama, comedy, suspense, sci-fi, romance, even some western ... it's all here, just about everything people go to the movies for (except perhaps horror). That's why I can easily recommend it as a first Miyazaki movie; it is perfect for those who have no hope from it has already seen the incredible otherworldliness of some of his more recent works. <br /> The same song ends in the movie, when translated into English, translates the essence of longing for the discovery of some types of lost civilizations, and some kind of soul-mate, which can not be found in our mundane life. "The reason I long for the many lights is that you are in one of them ... the earth turns, brings you, bringing us both that will surely satisfy." Miyazaki has always given poetic lyrics to singing songs from Joe Hysashi's gorgeous notes, but this is the only one I've seen this both a loving love song and an inspirational dream. I found myself near the tears just to hear her. <br /> <br /> "Castle in the Sky" may not be the most developed, spectacular, or significant work of Miyazaki, but it's absolutely perfect for what it really meant to be: a true vision of childhood fantasy, and a nice escape from reality for any adult wishing they might have the same wonderful sense of imagination being when they were just against their little ones. Sit back, relax, and love it for what it is.
