It's still hard to put a stamp on any movie like being 'the best,' whether ever, a certain genre, or what has you, but I believe a strong argument might do In fact, Laputa is the largest animated film ever made. It is in my mind the masterwork of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented of Japan's anime director, and best captured his strength as a director, storyteller, and designer, as well as anapsulating all of his favorite hidden themes . My version revised is the 2003 American Dubai (I know, sacred for an amateurs hard-core not watching it in his native language); There are at least another English dub out there, I have it on VHS (I have no idea from that source), and that version is the best DUB I've ever encountered in any movie. But I thought it's best to focus on the version people can actually get. Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (voiced by James Van Der Beek here), who grows in a mining town when One day a young girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally drops out heaven. It seems he is being chased by a disaster government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magic crystal hanging around his neck. To keep things alive, there's also a comic funny comic pirate after the crystal, led by the aging, but still Boosterous Dollar (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the crystal's ability to reveal the location of the city fabled to fly into Laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasures. It's all very much in keeping with a fairy-tale environment, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far to take the story, and the plot is peppered with 'gosh-wow' moments and threaded with his ordinary morality, it's warning about abusing the power in nature. The design work on Laputa, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. Flying cars of all kinds are very, impossible, but so meticulously designed that you immediately accept them without blinking. The world is set up around the beginning of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and ancient motorcars along with these impossible cars impossible to fly. But it is the city itself that is absolute brilliance of execution; Laputa is both Eden and fire in the sky itself, and in which juxtaposed lies its appeal, its power, and its dangers. In addition to being a thoughtful film with beautiful rendering, Laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography. From swift flying chassis high speed on small flyers one-man pirater ship submerging in the clouds as if they were water, Laputa shows a movie most ?? even with the magic of CGI ?? can only reign over. Even if we only see a small fraction of this world, its simple elegance is beyond the limits of the frame and we have no problem to believe in it. The movie also has one of my favorite, if not most exciting, the sequence of actions ever: a guardian robot who fell on Earth is accidentally reactivating and abducting the fortress he holds in, all the while trying to protect Sheeta (who was the one who shook her). Meanwhile, Pazu and pirate swoop on the tiny machines flew to him, literally, from jaws of destruction. From the horrible eye of the country's incinerating robot thanks to the latest-second rescue, the whole sequence is a masterpiece of distribution and camera angles and knows exactly how far they take the audience. Laputa has an amazing note. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the wonderful beauty of this world, dewy innocent, the exciting action, and creepy otherworldliusliness of the flying city with its rare robots guardian. Even if it is re-recorded for this DVD release (which IMO is not an improvement on its original score), add the piece here and there, the visual match score is perfectly, a total bloody union of sound and vision. This is not a bad dub. I'm incredible fan of the older English dub, and this one on-explain things just a tad of spots, but I was almost shocked how well these voices match those (and those who match the Japanese Really good). Particular dollars are hard to find right, but Leachman is spot on as the old fire boat woman (his son is not quite as good as the original). Paquin does a good job like Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, while I knew she was reading earlier, is more than talented enough to do Muska (I like other dub of English in Muska a little more, but Hamill's good good ). Many of the movie rest on Pazu's shoulder, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Hearing her made me think that this crew would have had access to the English dub, because VDB carefully matched the original Pazu. Although again watching a dub is the exclusive grounds of the faithful otaku, as much as I love this movie, I do not think you are sacrificing a great deal simply watching this particular anglicized version. John Lassiter of Pixar introduces it before, and my suspicion is that it, like many others, simply loves this movie so much that it has been trying very hard to ensure its quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki was successful in America in recent years and Spirited Away with Mononoke (one of his few films I did not care for), but my Laputa is still his Christian success . Anyone familiar with later work will certainly enjoy this work earlier, and again, this movie is a master of the head in its shape striking on every cylinder. I'd pay big money to see it on a big screen; while that will probably never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic was kept on DVD.
