Since now you've probably heard a bit about the new Disney dub of Miyazaki's classic film, Laputa: Castle in the sky. In the late summer of 1998, Disney released Kiki's "Delivery Service" on video including a preview of the Laputa dub saying it had to be from "1999". It's obviously way past this year, but the dub was finally over. And it is not "Laputa: Castle in the Sky", just "Castle in the Sky" for the Dubai, since Laputa is not like a beautiful word in Spanish (though they use Laputa's words many times throughout the Dubai) . You've also heard that renowned world composer, Joe Hisaishi, who scored the original movie, went back to the rest of the music excellent with new arrangements. Laputa came from front of my neighbors Totoro and after Nausicaa at the bottom of the wind, which started Studio Ghibli and it's long string of strikes. And in my opinion, I think it's one of Miyazaki's best films and a powerful lesson tuckered inside this two hours and four mining mines. Laputa: Castle in the sky is a movie for all ages and I encourage everyone to see it. <br /> For those who are familiar with Castle in Heaven's history, it starts right at the start and does not stop for the next two hours. The story is so imperfect and masterfully fabricated, you see Miyazaki's true vision. And believe me, it's one fantastic. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl and one helluva past as she is captivated by the government on a dirigible. Sheeta holds the key Laputa, the castle in the sky and a long lost civilization. The Laputa key is a sacred plot that has been sought by many, ie the government, the military and the air ship group, the dollar gang (which Sheeta and Pazu later befriend). Soon, the pirates attacked the ship and rescued during the attack. It falls some thousand feet, but the fall is soft and graceful to it. As it floats down from the sky, Pazu, an orphan boy who survives to work in the mines, sees Sheeta and catches her. Two have become friends soon, but thanks to his pendant, the two get caught up in one huge thrill ride as the dollar gang and the government tries to take Sheeta. A sequence of actions after another, we learn all the character's motives and identities as we build in the emotional climate and charging action that will surely please all and it's fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. Plus a bit twisty surprise. I think this film is simply remarkable and kept for two hours and four minutes running time. The story is wonderful, as we peak into Hayao Miyazaki's animation with no limitations. The setting of the movie is a combo in many time periods. It seems to take place in the late 1800s, but it's a few universe universe that has advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also amazing a funny movie. The movie has tons of hilarious moments, almost equal to the drama and movie action to keep. I think the funniest part is a battle scene where boss Pazu faces a ship, and soon after a riot breaks out. It's funny as we see the men compare the forces and the music fits right in with it perfectly. <br /> Now let's talk about how the dub rates. An excellent cast gives some great performance to bring these characters into life. Teen heartthrob James Van Der Beek plays Pazu's hero, who has a more mature voice then in the Japanese version, where in the original it sounds more kids. Either way, I think his voice is a nice fit with Pazu. Anna Paquin, young Oscar winner from the "Piano", plays Sheeta. This is also a nice performance, but the voice is somewhat uneven, it does not remain true to one accent. Sometimes it sounds like American as apple pie, but in other times it sounds like someone in New Zealand. My performance was most enjoyed however by Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dollars. Not only is this an excellent performance, but the voice and emotions it gives the character really bring it to life. If there was ever a film action film lap (G-D forgiveness), it should be one of its plays, you can just imagine it in the role (well, a bit). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another Hamill performance. You can be familiar with Hamill from a long line of voice work after she made the original Star Wars cinema, but she makes Muska full of evil. His voice sounds like his regular voice and mixing in the Joker, whom he plays for many episodes on the animated series Batman. Rounding out the cast is actor voice voice Jim Cummings, who does a great job as general as Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of gang Dol. <br /> Now let me talk about what really makes this special dub, which newly distinguishes Joe Hisaishi's music! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi makes the music and like all Miyazaki's films, the music is very memorable. Each of its scores has its own personality that fits the particular movie perfectly. Now these new arrangements he made are more "American like", which I think is the purpose of the new recordings. Do not worry, the classic tunes of the Japanese version are still here in great shape. The note, in my, sound to be arranged as this is a Hollywood blockbuster. It is more powerful, more intense, it is clearer and deeper. The movie prologue, the first seconds where we are featured in the airships, have some new music (I'm not sure, but I believe when we first saw the ships there was no music at all). But a majority of music has new backdoops and more background music to enjoy. Things are very similar. In a powerful scene, the music is much stronger then in the original versions. In a calm, cooler scene. In general, I think many of you will be pleased with the new arrangements of a mix, I am very committed to myself, and personally think it helps to improve the movie. I prefer the new note about the old one, and I hope Disney will release or license the music rights to a complete soundtrack. <br /> Another elsewhere in the dub is that the story is loyal, and many of the original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I'm sure a few lines change, and this is the way the lines have changed. But a majority are closed or exactly the original lines and dialogue Miyazaki wrote. I was scared some excellent lines would be tired, but they were intact. Some new lines have been added as well as help out. But I'm not sure whether to consider this a good or bad thing, Disney did not translate the ending song, she was in Japanese. I was mortified when completely new songs for the Kiki Dub, but with this version read in the original song ... in Japanese. So I guess it's good it's still original, but bad since a majority of people who see this dub speak English. <br /> There is a big down side of this dub, and it deals with how the voices match oral characters. Of course in any dub it will not be perfect, but I think in Kiki and Mononoke the dubbing of match lines were best executed (and Disney had a little more time with this one ...). There are some of the time that perfect match, some of the time it does not complete match, and in a rare case, someone says something and the lips do not move at all (there's a scene where Sheeta chuckles and mouths it does not move a bit). As far as things on the movie itself, these thoughts me. I thought the most amazing part of Laputa was the animation. From the opening sequence to finish, the animation is so lush and detailed, you just have to look into awe. You see the true nature of each character, true detail of the figures and extreme lock ups and actions. You must provide a ton of credit for the effort the animators put in this movie. All so well done and beautifully but drawn, it's like a moving piece of art. And think, this was done in the 1980s. The animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive rocket that is very different, but very good. After all these years, the colors look as vibrant as ever. Laputa also has tons of action sequences, many of the aircraft dogfights plus a few on land. These sequences are so well done and so intriguing, it's scary that they are comparable to a big budget action movie. And the final is just something you must see. Sound effects are pure and classic and fit blast, gun shooting and anything else well. And like all Miyazaki films, each person focuses on a different theme (like Kiki: Confidence). This has a great a lesson about greed and power. Those who do not realize how much greed may take you, and how much power is not good. People are obsessed with power, and vicious, and the main inhabitant, Muska, many show that. <br /> <br /> All in all, Laputa: Castle in the sky was a great movie to begin with, and is now improving for the most part. I'm glad a mainstream audience now has the chance to see this classic animated film in all its glory. With a great voice cast that puts a lot of the movie with the excellent refined music note from Joe Hisaishi, Disney has done a nice job on this dub and is well deserved. Though I think the voices matching the best lips of the Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney debris, the Sky Castle is still a great dub and worth the long delay because now more can expierence a fantastic movie.
