This is one of the best animated movie films of all time. In addition, virtually all serious rivals for this title came from the same creative idea of ​​Hiyao Miyazaki and his Ghibli Studio. Specifically, the other major films include "My Neighbor Totoro" and "Kikki's Delivery Service." Spirited Kill is quite good, but a bit too crazy for typical family fares - the best for adolescents and adults. The one thing that lies "Laputa: Castle in the Sky" apart from other films by Miyazaki is that it is far more of a tense-filled adventure ride. Why is this movie so good? Because it's a complete package: the very well-done animation, and the story is really engaging and compelling. <br /> <br /> Most Japanese animated is imaginative, but decidedly black or cynically or violent; And the animation itself is often soaked, stylized, and youthful. None of these troubles occurs in the sky. He has imagination to burn, and characters are well drawn, if slightly exaggerated versions of realistic ones. (None of those slipper-clothes poers) There are plenty of adventure, but not bloody and gore. The animation is smooth, detailed, and allied composite cinemas - not a lot of flat shots. The schedules are wonderful. The voice acting in the English armed version is the first percent, particularly two driving, Pazo (James Van der Beek) and Sheeta (Anna Paquin). The sound engineering is great, too. Use your studio sound if you have it. <br /> One aspect that I particularly enjoyed was that much of the story went unnoticed. Laputa was once settled, and is now abandoned. Why? We never know. We know as much as we need to know, and then we just have to accept the rest, which is easy to do because the world is inventing so completely realized. Indeed, it is fair to say that the world is more accomplished to achieve than most of the minor characters, who are for the most part one-dimensional stock characters (eg, general gruff, funny sidekick, old kooky adult miner, etc.) Highly recommended for people ages 6 to 60!
