I saw this movie in a London cinema in 1975 and have not seen it since. I found it hilarious. I loved reading originality. It's rare that someone makes a movie like this - and it's sad too. <br /> What I mean is, I once read a book called "The Black Hotel" - and as a movie fan, I still "photograph" books as films. Kinda "suited" them, do you know? But as I read it, I thought, well, this would make a big movie - but of course it would be "suited" - to the point where it would bring little relationship to the book. But then, I thought, well why? Sure, she can never show on Sunday afternoon TV, but given it showed in adult movies, who knew what she had, where is the HARM? Dammit, my civil liberties have been crushed here. A director should be able to make a literal movie adaptation of the "Black Hotel". In an ideal world, censorship of adult films should not exist. But, sadly, I also accept that with smart adults, these freedoms could be harmless, would still have people who would lack the rationality of contrasts between fantasy and reality, and that would be required to commit to committing bad actions. <br /> <However, it's hard to see how "La Bete" falls into this category. <br /> <br /> On her appearance in England, the British dancer dismissed her from hand. Although the details of '69 on stripping, given the theoretical theme of the film of biology, had the tenderness to pass any of it, he would have been looking for a new job on Monday. <br /> But in ... these days there was an alternative. G.L.C. This was a local city council and a department that had the power to pass a movie just for London, where he judged the hearings were more "sopirit" than those who were standing outside of the sticks. was hardly submitted with PASSED. However, it later appears that the "board" consisted of just four people - three who voted, plus a "president". And in the day, one of the voters was sick. So the remaining voters and the president sit down to see "La Bete". One said the voters thought, like me, that the movie was hilarious and hardly likely to encourage bad actions by everyone. The other lacked imagination and simply thought the piece was lousy. And the president did not understand it, so decided to leak on the side of FREEDOM. When the missing voter finally saw the movie, they too thought it disgusting, but it was TOO LATE! The film has received its "X-London" certificate and opened mixed reactions. G.L.C. movie censorship movie has been expanded soon afterwards! So, "La Bete" only opens in London by which it is best to name a FLUKE! But I'm glad it was. It's GREAT! If you have not seen it, do this. It's a fantasy, and as such, it's far less disturbing than what's most stuff you see in the news these days ...
