Regardless of what a personal opinion may have in Walerian Borowczyk grotesque yet beautiful gem "La bête" in 1975, one has admitted that this rare gem is a unique cinematic experience. Borowczyk was erotic fairy tale banned in several countries for a long time, and it is quite obvious why this controversial gem fell victim to dung manure manure. The "Beast" is a fascinating mixture of intense atmosphere and beautiful fairy-tale-love, quite erotic and unusual genuine epic whose courageous refuses to take any compromises. The fact that beastiality (of kind) is one of the central theme of the movie made certainly not to help it with their senses but it made it very controversial and therefore known to a wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), the head of a French aristocratic family, arranged for a little demanye to his mother Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel) The young and beautiful daughter of a wealthy English family. Due to an old curse, the uncle Mathurin (Marcel Dalió) is forbidden against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrived in French real estate, Lucy immediately came to captivate with a portrait of the 18th-century ancestor Romilda (Sirpa Lane), with an old book depicting scarce designs. The story soon goes down to a sexual sexual-sexual dream ... Without giving too much, I can say that fans of outstanding movies should not consider missing this movie. As rare as it is, "The Beast" is undoubtedly stunningly beautiful in style, environment and cinematography. Atmosphere-dreamlike-like atmosphere is present-in and out of the sequence of dreams. Real estate in jungle and castle imposed by the family are magnificent surroundings, with the beautiful notes and incredible movies to build an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque story. Sexuality is extremely excitable from erotic (elegantly stripped naked, sarcastic ravishing) seriously relentlessly and even a bit disgusting (close-ups on genitalia horses while having sex, ...); In any case it is not likely to be forgotten. All cast to "The Best" is fantastic with all involved delivering great performances of unique characters (some of which are seriously backward). The profits films from an exceptionally beautiful cast, let Lisbeth Hummel into the lead, Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who sadly died in Aids in 1999) as the ancestor of the sequel-dream, or active unknown, but particularly ravishing actress Pascale Rivault, who plays the aristocratic daughter who takes the opportunity to have sex with a black servant in a cupboard. <br /> I'm intentionally not giving a complete description of the most important part of the plot as they simply have to be seen to be believing. Some scenes are among the most rare ever kept on film, scenes and the eponymous creature definitely being among them. Certainly not everyone was, but very highly recommended to give fans of controversial and strangest movies. A true gem!
