Polish Movie Maker Walerian Borowczyk The La Beast (French, 1975, aka The Beast) is among the most controversial and brass films ever performed with a very excellent too. This film says all that has generally been concealed and denied on our nature and our sexual nature in particular with the symbolism and silence of its image. The images can look wild, misery, "sick" or interesting, but they are all in relation to the last mentioned. Sex, desires and death are very strong and the main thing and dominates the whole body of a soul inside it. They are interested and tempted for the powerful (and our natures) that are considered scary, acceptable and something too wild to be true. <br /> A sophisticated young woman travels with her mother in a French country to meet her husband-to-be-husband with which she has a letter affair of some kind. All are very interesting to parents and other families wait to look forward to seeing new people in their families. The innocence of the young bride shines in and no one knows what can happen and wake inside the walls of the great and beautiful French castles, with all its people and animals, and a mysterious "the womb" that seems to be a things that the characters, or most of the movie's audience, could never imagine to be real and (ahead). The film is about the same as the Canadian David Cronenberg Canadian feature of Shivers (1975), which occurs inside a huge luxury building where destructive parasites and gory spread in humans provide people with no sexual contact and crap and violent acts in their lust. fun and progress of instinct. People have instinct and are stronger than his will, and therefore instinct can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of some other animal, an animal, be a lust for blood, revenge or sex with pleasure carnal. People are only animals with intelligence and tools to convey it, but because we are also animals, that intelligence does not always use too much as can be seen anywhere around us. The film is open and very shocking for its hypocritical attitude, showing a horny roary male horse in anger as he waits to get inside the Mare and continue the race, but the rage with visible visibility we see in his eyes and violent movements They are key elements at the beginning and why it's, by the close-ups of organs that would be so easy to claim. The horse is a beast that fights in an almost unbearable heat, in heat that's stronger than its will as it has no control at that point anymore. The power of the instinct makes an animal an animal. <br /> <br /> After the memorable beginning, the characters get introduced, and the film fantastically has all age groups are unnecessary inside of their little innocent children waiting to grow and grow in the flowers, adults and elders who all represent their own Part of the view, creating the face of human life on the screen. A movie does not necessarily require more character than that of all the important ones already present and represent the whole race, including people living in cities and countries, with both sexes. The castle made the girls' sexuality the protagonist waking up as he saw the horses coupled with acting as he obviously had never thought of. For the first time she sees something unique and something is excited and feels almost vital for her and her body, such as getting water when you're very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the movie as she lives unaware of things inside her, with her mother and camera with a letter boyfriend, though things were just waiting for the moment to burst out . Meat meat meat and which belongs to being a human, but still things are not so easy to admit widespread with films like what they are trying to describe it to get banned for decades? The man's conscience and the unwillingness of interpreted images should not be a discussion of a movie that was prohibited or otherwise violated. The last 30 minutes film is also as important as the beginning, and once again shows how powerful movies are without word and talk. As the girl and audience realize that her body begins to feel and desire, she begins to dream about the mysterious creature that looks like to be none other than the shape of the body, she lives in the woods without others / animals near him. Sequence of dreams is the one that causes and causes most of the conflict along with the overall film attitude of right and honest, and the images are so easy to judge as "bad" and "pornographic", without a go away deeper into them, character reaction and thinking behind what we see. The images are interesting in her dreams and also eventually inside the dream for the dream person (more) human, and Borowczyk forces us admit to the images that are so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a girl, which is a wonderful and expressive love, another human need. Also, many, and cleverly funny funny comic love to perform scenes inside the castle, between the young mother and the black servant, get off several times as someone urle the servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of Two young people were together and were cut off with an angry cry at least not becoming any more pleasant by the interruption. Borowczyk has managed to paint his image so beautiful and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to be misunderstood, but nothing seems impossible for our culture and spirit to criticize art. Uses dialogues only when necessary, otherwise the images do the job and make the movie powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is there, as flesh dies sooner or later, after years of life and instinct, it dies. The finish is inevitable but the meaning of the sequence of dreams could also have been as powerful without the type of dramatic and "revealing" ends too. Another funny humorous element comes when we see the city shocked cities running from the place in which they saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited mansion truths on meat, us and them. The film reminds me of the French Bataille's history of the eye and its even terms about eroticism, death and how they both are connected to the nature of our body. The book is well written and fantastic as well as this movie, and naturally both have been blaming for "too explicit" content and other important remarkable comments. Borovczyk's film is also very beautifully visually with its rawness honesty, and the nature and forest has rarely looked so bright and bright as it is done in this movie. The sun shines through the trees, and everywhere where people live, and the beauty of it is still there, but so the ugliness is indirect by the inhabitants of the world. For each innocent white sheep there is a selfish, evil and horrible creature in our world and therefore our intelligence has never been totally seem to overcome the power of our evil instincts and the other side of the sheep, present inside. every soul soul. It is about how much managing to keep the dark and passive darkness. The progress of some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and using this intelligence and seeing that the instincts are good and bad, they can be met without exploitation, violence and the killed and destructive circle created by li. People are no more than an animal and intelligence, intelligence that is so easy to be forgotten and fed in the background by the things that feel better and more satisfying in each and everyday moments. Borovczyk's film is a masterpiece, unforgettable and smart piece of magic movies and unprecedented themes and also an example of how much money can be achieved, expressed and given by a movie maker, who is also just a human.
