OK ... this one of a weirdy .... Honestly, I can not tell you all the interior-points of the animal, because I started losing interest when nothing was happening during the first 45 or more Minutes - but just wait, it definitely does "pick up" ... The draw involves something about a monster in the woods that some frick aristocratic chick screwed back to the day. Eventually you see the "animal", which looks like a guy dressed in a rats-carrying giant suit with a horse cock attached to it. The scene takes place with the aristocratic woman running around the jungle looking for a lost sheep. The Sheep ends dead and the woman is frightened. The animal pops up, violates the chick with 400 gallons of sponges all over it. Eventually the chick begins to enjoy the animal's attention that results in some nice sex scenes scene, including a scene of masturbating erotic footage where the woman pulls the animal off with her feet while the monster shoots more widespread burden (yeah, I've got a tight foot-fetish - so call me ....) The movie is all said in flashbacks and long dialogue scenes that have tended to be somewhat tiring. A "shocking", but predictably ending this very unusual movie ... <br /> <br /> The beast is a movie that I get hard to type. The cinematography itself is well-grabbed and sets, costumes and places are elaborated. The plot is a little complicated and seems to be very awfully bad for what ends up being such a hilarious involuntary movie on a rat-beard chicken. A good bit of tits, ass, and the 70 French hair helps to make up for half the first half of the movie. I have honestly said that if it was not for the graphic scenes of the Spackling BEAST all over the girl wanting, this movie would have a real real - that is unless you like dialogue dialogue with some graphic gender graphics ( In the beginning there is a up-close and tight scenes of two boning horses, including a pulsating and sponge covered girl cunt vagina ... YUM !!!). But the BEAST sex scene is so weird and such a refreshing change in the rest of the movie, that I said that the scenes alone make up for what otherwise would be a real snooze. I must recommend this one to anyone who thinks they've seen it all - the animal rape is really out-and something to be witnessed. Also recommended by any fan of the 70/80 film sleaze - this one rank very high with them. Worth a look for you sick rat-bear love lovers out there (like me) ... 8/10
