If, like me, you like your movie to be unique, and unlike the majority of other movies, then I fully recommend that you check out the animal. The film is a grotesque, erotic, fantasy fairytale that centers around an 'mythology' beast that rumors about to wander off the grounds of a French castle and lust after women. The film is very daring and material it's subject, and that's something to give it credit for. The theme of biology is a definite taboo, and for good reason, I might add; but the movie translates it; right and to the point. Like other films that handle a taboo substance in the center, the animal could go around it and let us use our imagination to fill in the gaps, but Borowczyk did not, and he is brave in that respect, especially as making a movie like this will let it open to all kinds of criticism, but the fact that he was going forward with it, in my view, meant a thumb up for the guy. and a sequence that saw a male randy male horse randy. This box puts an exclamation mark on the movie and prepares the audience, in some ways, for the incredible journey of the erotic forces that they are seeing. Scenes that saw the spouse and the woman are free and shocking, and they are bound to offend many people (hence the reason it was banned for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not merely an excuse for Borowczyk shock viewers a; This movie has a definite point. As said during the movie; The only difference between humans and animals is intelligence. Both humans and animals have instinct, only those who know how to control them. The animal explores the difference between humans and animals in sexuality; The sequence of fantasy in which the animal appears to epitomize the control of human desires, and it is only when the central female character allows to go through his control that he can see the beast. The film has solid themes in the age-old story of 'beauty and creature' woven into it, and in general this is a shocking morbid story of lust, but not without a moral. <br /> <br /> Many criticized scenes around the film's shocking sequences for being boring, but these scenes are important for the movie's history. Without these scenes, we would not get to know the characters or stories of the beast, and, most importantly; The story of 'beauty and the beast' might not have it is terrible conviction faced the audience, and as this is one of the key elements in the movie; it would be a real shame. In addition, Borowczyk holds his audience entertained in the scenes, not with shock, but with dialogue with the character of the character's character, and the beautiful shots of the castle's land could not be seen, and therefore contrasts In Stark between this event later on in the movie would not exist either. <br /> <br /> In general, the animal is a shocking movie. She's painted in a taboo subject and the shocking way she is describing will ensure that this film is not for everyone. However, if you can get on the film's shock, and embrace the animal; What awaits is a wonderful and beautiful piece of art that should not be missed by anyone who wants to give this movie a chance.
