The title is the sound that one of the characters does as he drives his imaginary trolley across the dump to where the characters live. The film is based on a series of stories by Shugoro Yamamoto and tells the story of a group of people who effectively live in the house invading the dump. It's a mixture of laughter and sorrow. <br /> The first color film made by Akria Kurasowa was something I wanted to see for a long time. Unfortunately it has often been listed as being available only in a shorter version of an original original three or four due to a mistake in the run time of some promotional materials. I was holding out for the full version, waiting to see what Kurasowa wanted to see, only to find out about the recent release criteria that the minute version 140 is the full version. to see the movie last night in mixed emotions on the movie. First and foremost, it is visually linked to each film that follows. You can see each other in the remaining movie cinema five remaining reflected in this film, down to the painted flows. It's a movie hit by using it in color and you can understand why it took him long in a movie stock he would be happy with (of course there failed project as well). The film is a visual work of art. (Even though they were warned if you're going to see this on your widescreen TV this shot was 1.33 so it will appear in normal TV reports.) The rest of the movie is a mixed bag. Part of the problem is that the lives of all these people are not well assembled together. As separate stories all work well but as a whole are not hanging as one. I do not blame Kurasowa since someone can not always hit things out of the box, especially when some like Robert Altman who specialize in multi-character movie this sort occasionally bombard himself. <br /> <br /> This is not said that there is no reason to see the movie. As all Kurasowa films are still reason to see his movie, whether they work or not. The first trip to the "Trolley" is one of the best things Kurasowa ever made and worth the cost of a rental. It's one of the most magical moments in movie history as the trolley inspects and takes out. The father and son living in the car are touching (though ultimately very sad) and there are other bits and shiny pieces (such as cast in which are across the big board) and one should at least try the movie as something different from a man we usually associate with samurai films or play drama. <br /> It's an intriguing misery from a master cinema that means in this case its best means to pass the most successful other filmmakers. and 7 as a whole, higher in pieces.
