This is one of the weirder movies I just look. It's because it looks less like a movie and more like an experimental film. Kurasywa's experience has taken a variety of people living in a garbage dump and tugging the experiences of a tapestry that offers glimpses in their generally difficult existence. Not all episodes are depressing and harsh, but in general this is definitely the tone. Let's see, ... we have a case of incest / rape, murder attempt, swapping wife, alcoholism, infidelity, death of a boy after eating fish attached, a man with severe depression (he never spoke during film and looks so awesome), a hopeless dream that would probably be diagnosed with schizophrenia, a mentally retarded young man who thinks he is a street car driver and spends his entire time awakening his "drive" his street car in the path of the piles garbage, a man married a whole piece (I think I liked her character even less violent instinct!), etc., etc. In fact, it is depressing enough that it looks like almost a Ingmar Bergman film set in Japan, as Bergman has made many films that tend to deal with mental illness and despair in their lives. Is he surprised that after doing this Kurasawa film tried to kill himself? So, I liked it? No. It's not a fun experience. But it was a pretty well-made film that definitely kept my attention and as a result, I really wanted to see what happened to these people. It's sort of like watching a wreck train - you do not want to see all the carnage, but you can not help but look! Of all the stickers, I think the older man who was tending to look out for everyone and who did not really seem to fit in (he was too well adjusted and wise to be living in a dump waste) was perhaps meant to represent Kurasawa himself. Maybe. I agree. <br /> If you've seen a variety of film Kurasawa and have a high tolerance for weird art films, give this one a look. However, by experiencing this first time you watch her movies - it's sure to make efforts away from many viewers!
