Most people, when they think of the cinema expresizist, look at the German film b & b in the early and early days of film - the film that emphasizes canted, extreme contrasts in light and black, exaggerated performance, and occasional use of surrealism create an atmosphere of dreams in order to diverge from traditional, natural fashion into cinematic representation. If we want to accept that Germany was not the only creator to create expressionist movies (and that the above mentioned features are not prerequisites for expressionism movies), then I would argue that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is a first example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD is a little unhinged for a Kurosawa movie, dabbling, as it does, in the real world. However, DKD is also, unlike dreams, a huge movie and probably my favorite Kurosawa picture. Why? Mostly, I think, it's the colors. This was, I believe, Kurosawa's first film, and the man saturated the movie with vibrant colors, creating a completely real Japanese contemporary. We use the glowing and brilliant lights of Tokyo skyscrapers; we are not used in a city that appears to have been colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a peculiar movie as long as many of her characters live in a junkyard, appear to live in an alternate universe. That is, I think, the point - these are the Tokyo strangers, people are left behind during the fierce move forward after World War II. The movie also represents one of Kuosa's most sincere movies; There are genuine feelings here and genuine genuine (as when the boy's father describes their dream home). It's an amazing movie moving from a well known man for stunning, John Ford-like perspective and samurai. Everyone should have known Kurosawa was in a movie like touching and thinking provoking as this (Ikiru predicted the emotional resonance of this movie in many ways). I will also discuss, at last, that this is Kurosawa's greatest success. His samurai film, though photographs that can be, are spoken in comparison to works by Kobayashi (Hara-kiri is the greatest, most intelligent film of samurai engaged in seluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha, and Ran are all good movies, but they are simply good (and, honestly, I think the word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a great movie, as is Ikiru. They are the crown jewelry that shows Akira was not a single-trick samurai pony. His artistic arts and craftsmanship are revealed.
