If anything Akira Kurosawa had done wrong to do Dodes'ka-den, he did it with the partnership he formed with the "four knights" (the other three were Kobayaski, Ichikawa, and Konishita). They wanted a great blockbuster hit kick in the partnerships, and instead Kurosawa, arguably the top cheese in the band, released an abstract, humanist film art and characters living in a desimated burden that had many of his characters to face the black tragedy. Had he made it on a more independent basis or went to another studio that knows, but it was because of this, among some other financial and financial misfortunes, which also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. , at the end of the day, as an artist Kurosawa did not stop delivering what it is infamous for its drama: the forces of the human spirit in the face of adversity. Which series is a little more strange than most would not be ignored, but it's not a fault in the Kurosawa. <br /> <br /> The material of Dodes'ka-lasting absorbed, but not in the way A usually finds out to the director, and especially because it is driven by characters instead of conspiracy. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge here is to enthuse them in a whole body. Character that begins in the photograph, oddly enough (though fortunately there's not much room for him to grow), is a damaged man-child brain that rocks around all day-to-day sound (the 'cliquez-clack' in the title), only sometimes stands praying for his mother. But then we have the branch: there's the father and son, the letter that scrung restaurant for the food and the former who goes on and off with specific design-site in his dream house; an old man has to look at her death, and we learn later about she lost a lot more than she will say most people, including a woman who has a past with her; a shy, quiet woman who works in slavery to her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm sure), who raped her; and a lean guy in a suit with a steady facial tick and a great wife means - to those who are social around. There are also small markers of people around the characters, such as two drunks that hold flip around every night, such as mechanisms, placing huge demands on their spouses, sometimes (unintentionally) swapping them! And there's the seller of quality on the bike that has a sweet but strange connection with women who shy shy. And of course there's a group of gossiping women who squattles around a watering hole in the middle of the slum, there's nothing too nice to say about anyone unless it's about erotic things and a guy. First remember and all these are Kurosawa courses to lay the picture; it's a little post-apocalyptic, not looking at any particular time or place (which is until a couple of shots we see modern cars and streets). It is a marginalized society, but the concerns of these people, however in tragic subjects, are meant to be deconstructed in dramatic strength. Like Bergman, Kurosawa is out to discriminate the emotions crushed in humans, with one particular scene when the man dies-looking with hollow eyes, sews fabric in silence as a woman goes along with it. <br /> <Sometimes there's charm, and even some laughter, to be there with these people. I even enjoyed, perhaps ironically, the little moments and Rokkuchan (especially with the kourosawa came as a pint of the street), or the left silence of the man and the facial ticks. But while Kurosawa lets his actor some impromptu room, his camera motion still remains as always - patient but alert, with wide composition and claustrophobic shots, vision paints and sometimes faces and the stylization of a drama Silence means a bloating. Among these sometimes sometimes rare and touching stories, and some of them (that's the father and son of the car) especially sad, Kurosawa's light film and drawing the color scheme as his first one in Eastmancolor as it's one to paint it. Lush, sprawling, reversing at times on the seams, but always with some control, where this is not necessarily "lighter"; It's like the abstract came full-throttle at the scene, where things look vibrant, but they are darker bottom. It's a brilliant, tough sword-shaped sword that allows for such dream-like dreams and drama as heavy duty. <br /> With a 'movie' note Toru Takemitsu (responsible for Ran), with some excellent performances from the actors, and a few unforgettable scenes of a fantastic whole career, Dodes'ka-denye is in her own way Minor work from the director, but nonetheless near perfect on its own theme, as well as many Kurosawa plays such as Ikiru and Beard Red hold solid truths on the human condition without too much sentimentality.
