Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two cinemas together in two years. One considered one of the great romantic films of all time, and the movie that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave his best performer to Oberon): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. The other is this movie, made in England a year earlier. X DIVISION X is a romantic comedy (as HEUZTERS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic future, but also a total misogynist. One night she checked in a hotel just before a crowd of people. It's a very heavy night (the type of fog sandwich that London was known for up until a fog "killer" fog in the 1950s), and the crowd (which would have gone to a part of the hotel) needed bed. The management is trying to get Logan to allow one or two social ladies to sleep on a couch with a day bed in his room, but he refuses. But he was not counted with Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. The daughter of a judge in high court, she managed to enter Logan's room and manipulate her to not only agree to her sleep, but to affect her bed (she goes on the couch - much of her discomfort). /> The next day to share a breakfast, and in the smalltalk it is obvious that despite the suspicions of women Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But she kittenishly refuses to say her name. She is determined to learn more about her, and she finds her attitude towards mad women. In the meantime, Logan approached by a nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential client. Only his wife Lady Mere suspect (Binnie Barnes) has an affair. In fact, saying Logan army was with his lover at the hotel that Logan knew he was in the night of the fog. Logan (of course) jumps to the conclusion that Lady Mere was his mysterious colonel that either. I will not go into the scheme any further, except to say that Leslie eventually realizes what a mistake Logan did, and decided to use it to teach him a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> The script has the feeling of a Wodehouse novel, but is lighter. Always performing Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes, and Morton Selden (as grandfather of Oberon) are all wonderful. It shows what a good cast can do with even the slightest of the materials. Take a look at some of the minor scenes to see what I mean: Selden's first scene, complaining about his weak Butler / Valet coffee, who told him well (being used in personality for each other for years) . Or Olivier faced with a young clerk in his office, who certainly had two Lady Meres in office two minutes before (there was, but Oberon and Barnes left together), and ended up thinking the poor clerk is a simpler. Or the waiter at the hotel can not understand why the tenant in the room Olivier is constantly changing from a man to a woman in a man. As I said, a slight good comedy - but it's pretty good.
