No, I do not play it around. If you ever, EVER, have the chance to see this movie view it. If you need to cut into your arms to see it, see it. It's worth it. <br /> <br /> The bus drive is unlike any movie you've ever seen. It takes garbage movies and elevates it into a work of art. While having poor vaccines, idiotic characters, bad dialogue, strange acts, and movies that are part of public access in Iowa, it actually succeeds in its purpose as a movie. It strives to be dumbest, oddly, the most unprofessional movie ever seen. And boys do it all at all. <br /> I'm going to put out the draw for those of you who are worried about things (the filmmakers obviously did not), but really you do not have to pay too much attention because the movie is drawn all the way to a very long piece in text played before the open credit. In any event, FDTB (as its admirer called it) is the story of a bus trip to Chicago, which is directed by Satan. You see, Jesus is in the city, and all passengers on the bus are supposed to die, and all the souls would go to hell, except with Jesus in the city, a lack of hell called to work, and this Satan's angers because, well he does not like looking like a fool before the guy, so he decided to get people to the bus to sign over his soul directly, but he is a demon, so he needs to disguise himself, otherwise, who would go on a trip with him right, so he disguised himself as Roger and he came to the bus, where the driver never referred to name, but it is kind of fat, so I guess it they are gray. The bus (and passengers) are on a collision with wackiness! <br /> <br /> Here are some examples of some lunacy: Repeat the title on the screen 3 times. I do not know why. A character appears on the bus in the middle of the journey without explanation or introduction, and occassionally sitting next to the others and they look at him as he does not belong. I do not know why. Two characters fall in love with gunshots wanting to see, which is really the same shots repeated over and over again. I do not know why. After Satan gives a minute time monologue on transforming into human form a bright card titled "Satan will transform." I do not know why. A character is a very obviously a man in drag, and is referred to other characters as "The Celebrity Bridget." I do not know why. If there was a good thing that came from my internship at Troma last summer he got my own copy of the bus's busy cruise.
