A time-consuming drive comes to the unit's information unit to assassinate a police officer, the previous year. The murder of Sean Cooper, a good cop, has never been solved. Of course, the detectives believe that the new evidence will help them put together pieces of the puzzle that frustrated colleagues. <br /> <br /> In our flashback at James Burn's baby baptism. Sean and Jimmy were partners. There are tensions as Sean, who the godfather, arrives untidy and late for the rhythm. Eileen Bruno does not seem happy to be there. The real mystery is revealed by it. She kept Sean, who was drinking with Jimmy in the yard, kissing her husband, and much more shocking again, Jimmy responded to silver. <br /> <br /> Somehow at the partner station they become the center of gossip. Sean was not indirect himself in his superiority because he discovered the involvement with a criminal in his area that controls the drug business. Sean realized this man is in with the strong drug people because he always made a free excuse bag Sean and Jimmy sacked bags at the station all the time. The excessive pressure on Jimmy. Sean is comfortable in his homosexuality, he wants to be honest about it. Papa's own Cooper does not want anything to do with a queer son. Even his super McCree wants him out of his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because Cooper comes from a long line of Irish people serving in the police force. Sean was killed because of his homosexual condition and to know too much about his collective involvement in taking dirty money. Tom Petit wrote this honest painter in the life of a police officer in the closet and his secretion of love with another fellow cop. We thought it was a Frank account in a matter of serious not one to talk about in those days. Sometimes people who are involved in the show, scared scammers from sponsors, or networks, do not dare to present these real situations. Jeannot Szwarc, shows a tender approach to this thirsty problem, which is faced without the sensational case could be shown with a different team. There is an appearance of Chad Everett as Jimmy Bruno's greatest. Taking it is right on target and a touch of sentimentality that does not get out of hand. Shane Johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as Sean Cooper. The cast is wonderful and it includes good all around performances from everyone under Mr. Szwarc's direction. In this episode, Nick Vera, came closer to her neighbor, the mother of the detective basketball player took her ball away. Nick is the title for romance and the woman!
