Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original works by Leiji Matsumoto. Which little I know in the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, was first published as a popular manga in the 1970's and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is set to the Star Star same-space universe as other Matsumoto's famous manga space: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact pirate ship Harlock and other characters from which manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) make the appearance of GE999. GE999 was a success as a manga and was soon followed by popular animated series including more than 100 episodes. It was revealed in 1978. A year later came this animated film, which is not an end to the series, but summarizes the main points of the story in two long film times. <br /> The story is set to identify Star Wars-type in the future where traveling to different planets has become a possibility. People in the future may have mechanical bodies in which they can live hundreds of years, perhaps even forever. The protagonist, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a young boy who is witnessing how a wicked villain counts, with all parts of the mechanical part, kill Tetsurô's mother. Tetsuros swears revenge and is convinced that he can only realize he does not have a mechanical body. To get it he must travel to a far-away planet with Galaxy Express 999 Space Trains. However, since Tetsurô comes out of poverty, he has no money to get the ticket expensive. Not a chance of coincidence she meets a beautiful girl, Maetel, who brings a resemblance to her mom dead. Maetel offers a ticket to Tetsurô on a condition that he accompanies him on his journey. So the trip starts ?? <br /> I first saw this movie in October last, about six months of now, and yet yesterday. I feel that I must first say about the thing that bothered me most of this movie: it looks very hurry. Then again what can you expect from 2 movie editions that try to tell the main points in over 100 series of long episodes? Whatever the case, the situation changes with a fast speed and Tetsurô meets other important characters in the story especially by chance. I feel the musicians should either have something out or include extra 30 minutes. <br /> However, there is no argument that GE999 has deserved its place as an animated classic. The animation itself, very loyal to the style of the Matsumoto manga, is detailed and beautiful to watch. Even after almost 30 years of its release the animation has not come "from date" but plotted many animated films later in shame. The music from the movie is enjoyable to listen even though a bit "old" this day (it was 70 years after all). I have not heard any English dub in this movie so I can only comment on the Japanese audio which is a good thing. Actors give life to the most memorable characters of Masako Nozawa (especially known as the voice of Goku across from the dragon dragon all out) as the exciting and young Tetsurô, and Masako Ikeda as the calm and mysterious Maetel. Characters support not to leave in shade, but also have a life of their own, most memorable to me being waitress Claire. <br /> The story itself is suitable for both people looking for an entertainment for the couple hours, as well as for those who try to get deeper messages. GE999 is a fun adventure movie but can also be seen as Tetsurô's journey from childhood to childhood. The whole movie is said from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think many people can relate to Tetsurô, for despite the fantasy elements, it is a very realistic character: young, warm headed, awkward and naive. We follow him as he begins to see the difference between man and machine and comes to the conclusion if he wants the mechanical body or not. Maetel on the other hand remains as a mystery in the movie and even in the end, when he reveals who and what it really is, he does not respond significantly to anything. Maetel can be seen as a dream of a young man growing up, always closing but just out of reach. <br /> It is strange weird relationships between Tetsurô and Maetel who always wake up to talk, and fascinating after the decades. The people are discussing whether their relationship is that of a friend, mother and son, or two possible lovers (who wakes up a lot of criticism since Maetel's age is unknown and Tetsurô does not even reach his growth yet). Without means to remember deeply, I think the best terms they describe are "fellow souls". There is no question that both of them feel devotion, care and love for each other, yet it goes beyond that of friendship, family and lovers. I think if the relationship should be saturated in any of these categories, it would take something out of the whole movie and of the characters. The scene ends, even if you already know what will happen, is always very touchy and memorable. <br /> In all, despite the noise of draw and some stage scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 holds its place as a classic animated film such as Katsuhiro Otomo's AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oshii's GHOST in the SHELL (1995). The film is directed by Rintaro, who had previously experienced Leid Matsumoto's work as he worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later Rinatro led a beautiful metropolis (2001) that also questions the difference between people and cars. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen at least once by every animated fan.
