I run through this several years ago while browsing canals on a Sunday afternoon. Though it was obviously a TV movie cheese from the 70s, the direction and score were well enough enough to have taken my attention, and indeed I was hooked and looked at it up to the end. I recently got the opportunity to buy an alien DVD in this movie (oops, did not notice a domestic one was finally out a couple months ago), and was very happy to be able to watch it again (and in its entirety ) I do not fully understand the phenomenon, but somehow the 70s seem to have a series of horror movies that are actually scary. The decades before the 70s have produced some very beautiful and inexpensive shotgun in our independent support icons, but are they really scared? No, not much. Similarly in the years since the 70s we had horror movies, cooler, more interesting, have the best value of production and sophisticated special effects, they have more fun, funnier, have effective "jump" moments, and some very useful uses creative in gore, but again ... are not really scary! There's just something about the atmosphere of the 70s horror films. Movie film film. The spookily black scene uniluminated by the vast high lighting lighting technology. "Dreamland's Corner" mows quality in the dialogue with the etrodic notes and evident EQ'd. Odd sounds of anxiety and ugliness to perish everything. All that is working to affirm most films in the 70s, in the case of horrors, works in its favor. <br /> <br /> Especially, in this film, quiet, the intense shots of the devil dog staring down is fairly unnerving. So much more effective than if the road became more obvious in the dog's grin, slavery, and incredibly hostile ("Cujo"?). These movieist wisely saves that when the dog appears in its full-featured supernatural form. The effects when this happens, while strengthened by today's standards, literally gave me thrill. Foolish, vaguely-defined, "I'm not quite sure what I look at" look intuitively hit me as more like how a real supernatural vision would be, rather than ultra-real, crystal clear optical printer / digital confection movie horror day-day. <br /> While the human character of this film is not as satisffyingly rendered as the enemy or the world to live, the actors all do a decent job. The composition of the brother and sister from the movie "Mountain Witch" like, yes, siblings are a bit cheesy pizza in casting cascade, but they are fine. Yvette Mimieux still managed to be fun if unspectacular. Richard Crenna is earning more empathy to the audience as the film progresses. His own doubts-as he wonder if his family alienness is really due to a supernatural scheme or if it is superficial succinfine parasis schizophrenia very well occupied, though he thinks that getting a physical fitness can provide an explanation for what he Experience has been absurd in its naïve. The end-to-end end-Question-Finishing feature is one of the only ones I've seen that does not feel like a cheap gadget, and actually made me think about the Choice these characters should deal with next and These should be most likely done and how they would feel about it. <br /> <br /> The opponent of this movie can say it's simply a feature-length machine for some neato glowing retina shots, but hey, you might say the same thing about "blade runner". :-)
