This film 1953 Sam Fuller has some of her best works, and her sadness that she could not continue to get back to the great Hollywood studio doing her stuff. The story line goes something like this. A difficult tough age (whore) will ride the train one hot summer day, and become the pocketbook taken by Skip McCoy. What to Jump (and the Dame) does not realize is that it is also carrying some microfilms to pass through spy Commie. The open post without dialogue, and especially in close-ups is a beautiful, one of many people that Fuller uses throughout the movie. Playing the babe known as Candy is Jean Peters, who was never better nor better looking. One remembers how beautiful it was, and it occupies this role very well. The Pickpocket is played by Richard Widmark, who has already made his mark and put his style with Kiss 1947 of death as the crazy foule and the creepy laugh, and although it is a little "smoother" here, he is still scared. These tough characters have soft spots here and there, but its skull and nasty all the way. The exceptional performance belongs to the wonderful Thelma Ritter, which plays the Moe stoolie saving up her dough to pay for her own funeral. Ritter received a well-deserved Oscar nomination for her performance, but she lost from the boring but popular performance of Donna Reed as the B girl (whore) to "from here for eternity." Hollywood loves it when a good girl goes bad, and likes the Oscar though their performance is usually awful. Look for Shirley Jones's example of "Elmer Gantry .. Put among the docks and diving in New York City, with black and white circles by Joe MacDonald's great, with some good art direction .. Especially good is the set representing New York City's subways and Shack Widmark at the River. Made at the height of the cold war with scary redness, the villain of the piece is the ordinary looking commission, played by Richard Kiley who is more dangerous than the pickpocket which is a criminal, but is just trying to make a living and above all a loyal Americans.
