What's most likely to find itself on my list of Fuller's best movies (that is, once I see more of them just with this trauma and corruption), Pickup on South Street is a movie movie where femme fatale , as well as the male protagonist, are not those stereotypes of the genre. Like most of its other works, Fuller injects its own experience and essence to New York style that is virtually absent in the Hollywood noir. On a small budget- at least for the love of Darryl F. Zanuck-Fuller and his actors create people who are likable even in such a dark atmosphere. The good guys are basically those who will not become violent with you as they are looking for an extra buck. Richard Widmark, Jean Peters, and Thelma Ritter are all terrifying in the parts. Widmark is one only few actors I can think of who could really pull on this character. It's a little like Bugs Bunny, as it can be a wise donkey-a little sneaky. On the other hand, the character of Jumping McCoy has a set of values ​​in his life. He does not go to other people's affairs, and he does not try and care about many of the world working out of his little on the river, after being sent for three years. She slips up, she does not know, when she picks a woman (Peters) into the train, and lifts an item under the eye of the Government. It may have some secrets that would make it a lot of money. But at what cost is the central of the film, as it involves stoolie Moe (Ritter is one of the finest, and most credible, character actors of the period), the former woman (a Kiley temperamental), and the department police. <br /> Aside from the thematic elements, which are said to be a dramatic spell, journalist style (as was before the Fuller's position, along with boxer), the dialogue is fresh and involved. There is a spontaneity in many of Fuller's camera movements. And what is a third act. This is a lean, tight movie-noir that is worth checking out even though you're not familiar with Fuller (it's comparatively less rare than some of her later work).
