Fuller Samuel brings his ordinary and stylish direction to this seduced, pulpy story and managed to create one of the unknown gems in the 1950s cinema. Richard Widmark plays a small guy stealing hard guy (a role he perfected over the course of many films), who snapped a young wallet (Jean Peters) on a New York train and read a piece of microfilm that wanted a lot . This is 1953, so of course the microfilm is property of spyware who will stop at nothing to get it back. When the girl shows up at Widmark's Widow Shack, sent by an abusive companion to claim the movie, Widmark senses the opportunity to shake her and his "comrades" down for big money. The thick plot, people begin to die, and Widmark and Peters fall in love. <br /> <br /> Fuller handles the story lovingly clumsy, but more in a sense of indifferent than bad writing or direction. It as if it included a love story under duress, and so did it intentionally incredible, as love stories so often were still in Hollywood films. Peters provides a remarkable performance as a good New Yawk cookie, moll gangster party and girl parts of distress. When violence comes over, we really care about its assets, and it is typical of Fuller's renegotiation, the forward-of-time style that a happy ending is not necessarily a foregone conclusion. The ultimate success of "Pickup on South Street" is repeatedly on the shoulders of the tharma world of Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe, a feisty lady who makes money any way she can, whether to be selling knots or acting as a police informer. Ritter gives performance to his career; In a grandiose monologue, it translates without ever directing it to the sad trajectory of his character's life, and the despair he feels awake every morning in a world of struggles, crimes and difficulties. It's as if all Ritter characters have ever played converges for one short moment to give vent to all the emotions they did not give a chance to prevent in those other movies. The scene is the highlight of the movie Fuller, with a record of 50s movies, periods. <br /> <br /> Grade: A +
