This film is a spicy little piece of film-making from Sam Fuller that gives Richard Widmark the chance to show off some of his best, most acting acting in the role of Skip McCoy, a tiny little-time thief who stumbles on a military secret while picking nice candy (Jean Peters) pocket on a busy bus. It looks like candy has made a favor to her (former?) Companion, who works for the "commies". <br /> <br /> Superficially, there is a mystery here regarding Candy's motto and jumping spending much of the movie to determine its motive ??. Actually it seems just beginning to assume that it is a "commie", going too far to empty beer in his face in a blood gesture. But the real question is ?? what happens with jumping? What is his motive, and why candy like it so much? Why do you (the audience) want to love her so much? Basically the movie-makers made here are creating a very hit "male fatal" of Widmer's character and his performance. As the male audience tends to ponder the length of a movie such as the "Big Sleep" or the "Glass Key" along with the main characters if the female character is trustworthy or just a pretty face, the movie-makers have been here to create a January similar to female viewers. Widmark is beautiful, and there's also a charm of his young man ?? but the first two times she met our leading lady, stole her, and then punched her in the face. Eventually the question becomes ?? would jump as low as selling out his land for a buck (commenting to the police, such as "waving a flag in me?" makes us suspect he would) or is it simply out for revenge for murder in his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure that the film gives us a definite answer either way. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter's character deserves special mention? It has created a really irresistible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give him much of "business" ?? In the form of physical objects that he used to draw the audience into his world, he particularly used the link. Another example of the "businesser" fuller would be the scene with Victor Perry (an actor I've seen elsewhere to use less effect) using the chopsticks to intimidate candy. <br /> <br /> Emphasis on Moe and Skip's relationships provide one of the most revealing cinemas of "honorary thief" theme. In fact, there are similar types of facilities with the same type of casual relations with the police, with remarkable exceptions in the Captain. Tiger (Murvyn Vye) has a bad account. I liked the scene where he invited the cops to by name and offered them a beer when they came up to pick him up in his shack. Those are the details of this movie that realms ?? whether it really is "realistic" or if that matter would be the whole question. <br /> <br /> All said, I would say this is an essential crime movie that shows a lot of the best and most durable attributes of the film-film "noir" school. A predictable plot is off-set by an army of colorful characters (exactly well-designed), cheap sets are disguised by the wireless movie speed, and the final product feels a lot more substantial than it probably is. This is the best movie I've seen so far by Sam Fuller and helping me see the best why he was considered a master director ?? Here he has accomplished some things that I think he has tried, but ultimately failed to make in other films such as "Kimono's Crimson" and "Corruption Corruption" as far as highly active acting and truly attracted suspicions. This is one of my favorite performances from Widmark that I've seen too far ?? and Widmark was a talent that I tempted to say (based on the extraordinary films I had seen with him) was comparable to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although arguably he did not do as many classic films.
