'Shock Corridor (1963)' is my first film from Samuel Fuller, and there I was impressed with the shining director of B-film and big-budget aesthetics, though the story itself was the best key. 'Pickup on South Street (1953)' has released a decade earlier in Fuller's career, obviously producing a larger budget in a large-name studio, Twentieth Century-Fox. But the visuals are always remarkable in that there is a bit raw material, naturalist in photography, not unlike Dassin's 'Night and the City (1950)' and Kazan in 'Panic in the Streets (1950)' {The latter was also shot by Cinematographer Joe McDonald}. In some scenes, Fuller shoves the camera so close to his acting figure that they're out of focus, rudely register their intimate thoughts, emotions and short inflation that they communicate in the most revealing facial features of the eye. Even though (unexpectedly) trendy melodrama, and just a hint of anti-Communist propaganda, 'South Street Pickup' is a strong movie nook that succeeds most out of its evocation in the environment ?? Downtown New York City. When pick-pocket Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) snags the bag to a woman on the train (Jean Peters), she pockets more than she'd originally bargain for. The woman, Candy, and her former lawyer Joey (Richard Kiley) smashed the top-secret information to the Communists, and McKoy was unexpectedly pick up an important roll in micro-movie. Does it turn in the MacGuffin to the appropriate authorities, or sell it to the highest bidder? If 'Pickup on South Street' has a defect, it's that the story seems to be just reinforcing an anti-Communist agenda, reeking in propaganda as nothing since WWII {Dwight Taylor, who supplied the story, also best writes' The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), the only movie propaganda of the series}. There is no apparent reason, every character identifiable ?? even smugly self-serving Skip McCoy ?? eventually becoming a self-sacrificing patriot, the predictable transformation from the start. In traditional film Noir, the unapologetic crime always gets its enthusiasm, the rational punishment for his sins, but apparently by the time of serving their country; Patriotism wipes the towel. Richard Widmark, an actor who I really like to love, plays proudly and reckless pickpocket, but always with this hint of ill-ease suggests that he bites more than he can grind. The opening stage of the train is the finest film, as McCoy undoubtedly silently around the victims of her hand, recalling the Bresson 'Pickpocket (1959). Thelma Ritter is terrific as a street-tired woman who will paddle information to anybody willing to pay for it (though, of course, it draws the line to Commies). Jean Peters is well disposed as the trashy donor than information on the other side, playing the role of almost completely devoid of glamor; Fuller reported to cast the actress on the observation that she had a little bows-legged in her hips at a whore. But Peters must suffer a loving affair with Widmark who really brings down movie attempts at realism. Fascinating, when released, 'Pickup on South Street' was promptly sentenced as a Communist propaganda by the FBI, and the Communist Party condemned it to be the exact opposite. Go face.
