This Cecil B. DeMille season in the former West has what Jean Arthur's finest performance, as a hypertext, uniquely, incredibly amorous, but devotedly Doting Calamity Jane. She really pulls it off! Gary Cooper is in his most taciturn, but manages some occasional pithy words: 'The Plains are great, but the cross trails ... sometimes. 'The story is a pasty at the end of all pastiche. All the cowboy heroes in the distressed West seem to have to somehow except for Jesse James. Even Abraham Lincoln opens up the story of people (or at least, DeMille would have believed that). There is no room for anything evanescent as intricacies, this is a 'stomp' em in the face 'story for the masses. One remarkable thing about this film however is that it is a very early frontal front attack on what Eisenhower was eventually named in the 'industrial complex'. It's not just a story about gun-runners, but on anyone's weapons for money, and doing that in heart of Washington. But let's not go into politics, let's leave that in DeMille, who can be guaranteed to be superficial. The main interest of this film all the later years is that it uses the first film note composed by George Antheil, who has a lot to say about the work of his autobiography, 'Bad Boy in Music'. Antheil seems to have come out 'the great sound' adopted by all subsequent Westerns, where the plains sing out with the voices and sounds of countless cowboys in the sky, celebrating the open spaces and mixing common melodies. That is why it does not sound at all weird, because we've heard it a thousand times. But it seems the first to summon up the combined rustlings of all the brush wiped into this open-air symphony that went into Indian mythical army, and given it a band that has never been varied since then, corny as it can be, but undoubtedly appropriate. It is fun to see Anthony Quinn in an early appearance as an American Cheyenne. Gabby Hayes is somewhere, but you miss him in the crowd. Gary Cooper threw them all, appearing great - but when he was ever thin?
