SAM excellent PICK UP on the SOUTH STREET is the pick of the bunch from a number of earlier in 50 cold wars-influenced low-budget cars noir. With a length running under 80 minutes, PICK UP on SOUTH STREET is tough, fearless, explosive and infinite fun. <br /> <br /> star Widmark as pickup Skip McCoy, who has already been collecting three times. But McCoy can not keep his fingers out of trouble - and problems are exactly what it slips through when it grows the wallet of the gangster gangster candy (Jean Peters). The candy scheme has a huge roll of microfilm in the communist movement, and it's his last job for ex-companion Richard Kiley to make the delivery. However, when Widmark assumes, Peters must do whatever he takes to re-claim his movie (initially) knowing nothing about .. It's a tasty set-up, with the Widmer's character, while not the psycho in KISS OF DEATH, a real live-thread, unpredictable and difficult, yet curiously good.When Bogart or Mitchum stepped into a movie noir role you knew what you were going to get: a lone anti-hero to keep his moral integrity and win from the end (Bogart), or a troop-laconic guy who allows himself to be trapped in a trap (Mitchum). With Widmark you just do not know what you will find, and with its extraordinary modern style (his movie still holds well) it is amazing to watch. Here he is torn between making a great score for himself by selling the movie, or handing it over to the police and fighting the "Komi" on the right side of the law. And he still has to assume that he never peaks to avoid the fatal card rap on her leaves. Peters gets her best role as a moll-and-a-heart-of-gold candy. Vidmark's predictability is perhaps best expressed in its stage and Peters; The gorgeous swim quickly (and rather incredible - the romance couple is rather running) falls under the Widmark spell, yet Widmark alternates between his kiss or slapping him around. Peters hard-side beauty, but lack of over-laundered Hollywood glamor (Lana Turner would never have worked well in this role), is a major advantage of the movie. Candy is not innocent, but it is very vulnerable, constantly passing between and slapping around by men. Widmark knocks her cold at first meeting and she wakes up by pouring beer on her face, but by the final act she's a lot more sensitive to her (after she's flickering a hell of a happens-from Kiley). The scene at the hospital with Peters and Widmark should not work, but it does. Thelma Ritter is brilliant like Stoolie Moe, well-deserved in its Oscar nomination. Rhythm performance, like everything else in the movie, is fearless, real and heartbreakingly honest. Her death scene is stunning. Fuller's camera movements and surroundings are particularly interesting. Fuller liked a good pre-up, and PICK UP on SOUTH STREET is full of uncomfortable, cloistering tight shots that only enhances the tension of the scheme. Fuller is not afraid to let the camera linger on a shot longer than Old Hollywood standards really allow, but stunningly pulling away from the Death Ritter scene gives the maximum audience's impact. Local and unusual cities, confronting camera angles provide PICK UP on SOUTH STREET, a bold, modern comic look.
