Samuel Fuller is hardly one of America's major directors. I'm not sure he is eligible as one of Hollywood's greatest craftsmen. But he certainly ran up with the best of Hollywood's true professionals who wanted to walk in their own music. During his time working for Hollywood studios, he knew how to take a placement, forming median materials and then quickly and efficiently in something usually better than his party. time and budget. Pickup on South Street is a quarter to point. On the surface it is one of Hollywood's early films, films of patriotism, a hard-boiled hero and a thin (and luxurious) petty hero. Fuller turns this bag into Hollywood clubs into a stiff, exciting drama and any number of two-kilter twists. The hero, Jumping McCoy, is a three-time loser, a thief and soft fingers who have not changed his band until the very end. The girl in the caper, candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to step on if you are so inclined. One of the most appealing characters, Moe Williams, is a stooly. And in a strange approach to Hollywood's fight against comets, the calls of patriotism fell on deaf ears; The hero is not motivated by anything so annobling. She just wants to pay for a personal reason, and winds up to ... at least for now ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> Plus, all the actors were mostly assigned to Fuller by the studio. He was obliged to do. Richard Widmark has not yet established his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a beautiful portrait of a sexy and dumb woman, and no better than her boy friend ... or her client ... wants her to be. And Richard Kiley, who later would become a two-time Tony Award won stars on Broadway, is convincingly slippery and loose. It's hard to remember that it was the actor who inflicted on us, I mean to introduce us, "impossible dream" of Man in La Manche, <br /> More than anything else, this story of a pickpocket that chooses a backpack in a train car and found himself with microfilmed secrets instead of cash, chased by the Feds and Komi, moving straight forward with great savings. The whole enterprise, with a classic noir look, only takes 80 minutes to say. The dialogue, with Fuller as a senarist, has the banal part, partly stiff hard-boiling style fiction style. "That's your mumps grifted ... it's okay," a character says jumping over candy. Fuller moves us just fast enough at the stage scene to keep us hanging on what's going to happen next. Then Fuller launches to the character of Moe Williams. All of a sudden the story ratchets up to a whole new level of interest, partial comedy relief and a sad inevitable part. <br /> <br /> The thing I like best about the movie is how the opener exemplifies the fuller's strength and strength. Within 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting right after the credit, Fuller is able to immediately power up the movie, establishing for us what the story is about, and showing us what kind of character - Jumping and candy - you will be involved. And he does this with great curiosity in hot, busy car trains that we can just about to feel Fuller's hugging environment to catch us. <br /> <br /> Says Glenn Erickson, in my opinion one of the best of film criticisms, "In which would be an inconvenient story, Sam Fuller defines his peculiar look of Americans from below up: stiff- Glued, aggressive self interest when fully expressing recognition of what is wrong and right and is not afraid to fight for it. As always in its work, those who fight the hardest for their country are the same least likely to benefit from the effort. "It's good, and it's for a movie to stay alive after 55 years.
