"Pickup on South Street" is a high-speed drama about a temporary criminal that suddenly finds itself embraced by the activities of a communist group. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and the momentum kept up by means of some brilliant editing. The use of a wide variety of different angle angles and effective pre-ups also contributes to the overall impression of constant movement and vitality. Samuel Fuller's model and cinematography by Joseph MacDonald are excellent and many scenes in composition and lighting produce a strong sense of attitude and atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Ace pickpocket and repeat offenders McCoy jumps (Richard Widmark) gets into deep water by stealing a wallet from a young woman named Candy (Jean Peters) on New York trains. He was used by his ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) to deliver a delivery to one of his contacts in a communist and unknown organization, bringing US government secrets to registering on microfilm. Two FBI agents followed candy and witnessed the flight. One of the agents will continue to return to Joey's apartment with the other, Zara (Willis Bouchey), visiting the Captain Dan Tiger Police (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI followed candy for a few months as part of the pursuit of leaders in a communist group. In order to identify the pickpocket, Tiger appeals to a "stoolie" called Moe (Thelma Ritter) after a precise description of the "cannon" method of performing a list of eight possible suspects. Once Tiger saw the name jumping on the list he was immediately convinced that he is the man who needs to follow him and sent two detective to arrest him. When the Jumping brought to Tiger's office, Zara told her about the microfilm and Tiger offered to drop any charge if it would co-operate with the investigation. Jumping is flippant and arrogant. It is clearly not trusting Tiger and denies all knowledge of the flight on the train. <br /> <br /> Joey order candy to find out which stole the microfilm and then retrieve it. Candy pays MOE to the addressee and when jumping back from Tiger is questioned, she finds Candy looking at her home and knows her unconscious before stealing her money. When restored, Soup requires $ 25,000 for the microfilm. He tells Joey at the request of the Jumping and Joey's boss to give him a gun and his orders to recover the microfilm by the evening below. <br /> <br /> Jumping with candy is attractive to each other and it's because they are comfortable, developing relationships that a means to evolve by which they can shake the attentions of the police. It soon becomes apparent, however, solved matters with the Communist gang will only be achieved by direct direct action. <br /> <br /> The representations of jumping, candy and moe as characters who live in a calming world in which they are forced to face considerable risks on a daily basis are powerful and compelling. MOE's work as a police informant depends on her knowledge of the people in her community, but also those who know what she does and any of them could seek revenge at any time. It seems to be cunning and streetwise, but it has its fragile side as it describes itself as an "old clock run down" and saves money to be able to have a decent funeral in an exclusive cemetery on Long Island. His belief that "every buck has a meaning of its own" brought him to sell any information regardless of danger, friendship or principle and yet has an occasion where he refuses and this proves fatal. Thelma Ritter's performance certainly deserved Oscar nomination for his role. <br /> <br /> Jumping is a violent criminal who has no concerns for his victims and has already been convicted three times in the past, life under the constant threat of being imprisoned for life if convicted again. Despite this, he continues to continue with his criminal and unusual activities, is merely philosophical when Moe finds its place and then later, he even assures that Moe receives the burial quality he many values. Candy is a former hooker and someone who has activities always put it in danger but behind his stubborn hardening side gradually becomes more obvious. Widmark and Peters are both perfect for their role, and like Ritter shows the different aspects of their personality and great style and conviction.
