In this excellent Twentieth-Century Fox film-noir, the metropolis is a maze of despair in which scavengers and predators survive living in one another. Brod cities are lower than humanity in the symbolism of weakness. A whore has his suitcase lying on the train. It has a microfilm, and a communal spy ring will go through any length of it. Two parallel investigations are being rolled out as both spy and cops hunt down the precious information. <br /> <br /> Anti-hero pickpocket Skip McCoy is played with dishonest insurance by Richard Widmark. He knows the cops must be equally inferior to inferior intellectuals, so he taunts them: "Go on," he said to the captain of Tiger (Murvyn Vye), "drumming up a charge. Send me in. You did it first. "In this incredible world, the cops are just one more gang on the streets. Just as Louie's Candy Hooker's bribes get a lead, so the police are busy paying dove papers for information. It's hard to believe that when Widmark made this movie he was already at the age of early. The 39-year-old star, who comes to the end of his deal with Fox, plays Upstart's Skip McCoy and the irreverence brashness of a teenager. Today it can not be acceptable for the romantic lead to punch his love interests in knowledge then revive it by sloshing beer in his face, but by the motherboard in the period it signifies severity - and candy, after all, a woman falls. / <br /> Jean Peters is bright as candy. Here, right in the middle of her five-year burst of fame B-movie, she is beautiful and engaged as the whore and heart of gold. It is the victim of the story, a martyr of beauty as much as anything else. It stands well, but is still manipulated by cynic guys - Joey, jumps and cops. The real lighting of this movie is New York. Inside the city panoramas and railroad stations offer a clostropobe evocation in the city as a living, malware force. Like maggots in a rotten cheese, Scurry human face in city city byways. Elevators, toilets, sidewalks - even a dumb waiter acts as a condemnation of corruption in humanity. People stuck in any niche that lets security: Moe has leaked room to rent it, skipping it Shack tenant on the Hudson River. As the characters move and communicate, they are framed by bridge architecture, or lattice of belt, or are divided by hanging attacking wigs. The personality of the city is constantly imposing itself. The angles and the beaked beams are an echo of the gridiron street plan, and the four-index cabinets in the squad imitate the Manhattan skyline. When Joey's exit from the train is forbidden, it is as if the steel outlet in the city will insnaring it. A surprising proportion of this movie is the extreme close-up shooting. Character drives the plot, as it should, and the shut-ups are used to increase character. When jumping cigarette interrogation, the close-up captures sexual energies between them, belying the hostility of the word. Jean Peters' beauty painted in light, in soft exquisitely close-ups. The device also works to increase the tension. Sequence of opening, hinged handbag, no dialogue: the drama relies entirely on close-up for its powerful effects. <br /> <br /> Snoopers, and snoopers on snoopers, pop the movie. Moe (Thelma Ritter) makes a living as an informer, and his place in the hierarchy is accepted, even by his victims. When observing, "he must get", he sings a recurring recipe. Just as 'New Yorkers' wholly little chop or wood, traffic in the commodity of information commodity. But even the poop feathers are superior to Joey and his communist friends. Joey's footsteps on Moe's bed symbolize a most transcendent moral code of morality. Joey is beyond the pale. MOE will not trade with Joey, even to retain his life: "... even in our business, you have to draw the line somewhere." <br /> <br /> "Pick-Up" made in the depths of the Cold War. Richard Nixon has just been chosen as the Republican Vice-Presidential candidate, having his name and dissolving his Alger Hiss exposure - bosom microfilm community with all. Veri show McCarthy was a reality every day. We see the cops in the film inveigh against the "Traitors who gave Stalin A-Bomb". <br /> <br /> New York can be seen as a giant plastic in which people cheats people, squeals and killers. Containers form a leitmotif of the film. MOE brings its brand trade marks to links, and the candy bag, the microfilm container, is the engine of the draw. Hoping to hold his own possession in a submerged treasury, symbolizes his secular street-wisdom. Cold grains, moving down the Hudson on a barge, are containers that just one more cargo has been moved around the disability metropolis. The film is a masterpiece of composition. The candies are shown above the skulking jumping on the gangway gangway of the shack, which means his moral accession. When the gun is placed on the table, the extreme perspective makes it look bigger than candy - violence begins dwarf compassion. The lovers are eclipsed by the shadow of a stevedore hook, reminding us that their love is neither pure nor absolute, but contingent about the fantasy of the disaster city. The communist Wiard is a shadow on a wall, or a blow to chaos in cigarette smoke. It is like the lone cats cat among the trash - a phantom predator in the night. Vaccine cameras from taxi cabs, inside the newspaper countertops and at the bar in hospital beds are still reinforced in our conscience that we are all blocked by the metropolis. We are the sequel of civilization.
