Pickup on South Street is one of the most brilliant ever-made movies. An example of the direct: When candy (Jean Peters) starts to go to his suitcase and his wallet warning is missing, an alarm goes into the background of the building it's - as if it's an alarm going to itself. It's not as cartoon like - it's subtly woven in the background in a way that strikes you on a subconscious level until you've seen the movie a few times and it just "clicks" that has an alarm bell going off when it starts frantically go to his bag. Richard Widmark is the way to top her game as a smart-alec - it's really great - but the performance of the movie was the first stage for the "Moe," peddler street / informer, played by Thelma Knight. And in his apartment, you do not see a movie - you will see a real person. I never saw anyone "acting" so real I felt like I was looking into a real room until the performance of the Ritter - right down the path of his hair stuck out a bit when he removed his hat. <br /> About a million other things that just * worked, * in the way Louie Lightning chose money with his chopsticks in the style of the candy jewelry click when he flicks the MOE out of his pins, by the way Moe becomes dollars and change from the police captain through the FBI guy's chest - and even the way the captain opened his filing cabinet, as he did it in this way in that room for many years. "Pickup on South Street" is the detailed (directed) and full performance (performing) performances and superb visual visual nostalgia of the day, such as the panel truck, the boards leading to the booth out on the water, the dumbwaiter - and the unforgettable place Jumping stashes his pocket pocket. Wonderful thing. <br /> <br /> "Pickup on South Street" is also one of the few movies, though the characters are not perfect, you care about them - maybe because they are a bit branded by their way in the way Hard to Escape: Jumping as a "three-time deficit" with candy as a young man who has "hit around" a lot. When these people behave a little worse than you would expect, it's sort of novel way that makes it seem you are looking at of people you could never imagine - and yet you know that they are possible because the actors do for human reasonably.
