** SPOILERS ** Since the disappearance of the sea in her favorite struggle Phyllis killed mystery writer Abigail Mitchell, Ruth Gordon, has strong suspicion that he was Phyllis' husband Edmund Galvin, Charles Frank, who was responsible for his death. In fact Abigail is convinced that he had killed him and made him look like a tragic accident. <br /> <br /> Knowing that there is no evidence they have Edmund arrested for Phyillis' death and decides to take the law from her own Abigail's hands to cook up this plan to elaborate her and make her look, like Phyllis death, a tragic accident. Going Edmund secretly gets on his castle to give him the combination of his securities market, as it's about to leave on vacation for New York City, Abigaille's tricks to go inside Edmund's locking wonder and amaze in. Being surrounded by the mansion of Butler's maid and personal Abigail secretary Veronica, Mariette Hartley, heard her screaming for help and the next day Edmund found suffocated to death. Veronica discovered Edmund's body as she was about to wear away, to keep safe, the latest Abigail's mystery mass manuscript. Columbo, Peter Falk, calls on the case involving the unusual death of Edmund Garvin to determine whether it's a murder or a tragic accident. Going to Edmund's Columbo apartment is believing he does not have a single picture of his late wife, who was missing for just a month! This link to what Abigayis had always felt about it in Edmund was not in love with Phyllis and also a suspect in it, in the mind of Abigail, murder. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Columbo a great fan, along with his wife, in Abigail killing mystery mystery has a hard time to realize that he in fact was responsible for Edmund's death. All the evidence shows Abigil that includes a pair of missing cars that were Edmunds. This all proved that Abgail was in fact at home, not on his way to the airport, when Edmund was locked inside the market safe. <br /> Go to all the evidence Columbo comes with this strange conclusion that Edmund must leave some evidence inside the security of writing who is his assassin. This conclusion is quickly shaken when it is found that Edmund did not even have a pen or pencil as well as light, and light the bulb burns out, writing it. There is also a very odd thing in the inside of the security on top of Lt. The Columbo has since reached the case. This was done with the black paint residue found under the Edmund's earrings and his belt loop! <br /> It is that evidence, when combined with a number of other items in the safe, which at the end hangs Edmund's murder on the hard and very cunning writer Abigail Mitchell. Edmund has left Abigail unconditionally condemned himself in his final attempt when the air of the safe was used up, not breathing, using burning out matching writings on Abigail's latest manuscript that killed him: Abigail Mitchell!
