Following the failure of the "Crusades" in the box office, Cecil B. DeMille stopped making film on the non-American history. His film for the next thirteen years has been our story of Jean Lafitte of the Second World War (Dr. Wassell). The first in order of production was this movie, starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok, and Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, Jan Miljan (not a cruel as usual) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought in Little Big Horn. Bananas were directed by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). Basically the movie takes up the story of the U.S. after the Civil War. Lincoln shows at the beginning talking about what is the next step now that Lee was handed over. Lincoln talks about the need for Western security (more on this point later). Then he announced he went to the theater. This April 14 was to be very busy for Abe - in Virginia City to grant a forgiveness at Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins on the same date. <br /> <br /> Actually, while Lincoln was concerned about the West, her immediate thinking at the last day of her Presidency was about meeting former Confederation states and citizens of the Union as soon as possible. The Reconstruction was occupying its attention, not to the west (except Maximili's problems with the French-controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in real issues with the West. In 1862 he was shamed by General John Pope, the deficit of Second Manasas, in Minnesota putting down a serious American war by the Sioux (the subject of the novel McKinley Kantor, "Sprit Lake" .. Pope, incompetent against Lee and Jackson, they turned out to be quite effective here, and the riot broke down. However, Lincoln's real-world issues in western issues, it is doubtful that he said (as Cooper repeats at least once), "the border would must be ... "There is nothing to say that he could not tell it, but it is hardly a profound pronunciation by a leading state .. As said, Teddy Roosevelt said," Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health. "It's not a profound statement of politics It is, at best, a statement in fact reality. Cooper turns her into a minor masseur, like Lincoln's version of the Doctrine of Monroe, is ridiculous ... the typical How DeMille's Scripts have really bad mistakes in common sense of them. <br /> However, this is not a mashing look. "The Plainman" is a movie vibrant, and as such it has the full benefit of DeMille movie maker of spectacle. As such it is well worth watching. But it's not like a book on Lincoln's political ideas or his quotable legacy.
