Kim Basinger star as Della, a housewife with twin kids (Terri and Tammi-played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and an abusive tame for a husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. The movie opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is on his way home from work, driving a nice car too I might add. He is on his cellphone discussing with a business partner I would assume. When he comes home, he sees that the floor is a mess and shoes and toys spread all over. This angers him even more and he took up with his wife, Della, asking why the house is still a mess. He pinched against the wall. Look at the twin from the stairs. He punched the wall, left a hole in it and walked away. It tends to give children, trying to comfort them. And all told to do, he needs to go to the mall to make some last minute supermarket and because it is out of wrapping paper. It gets there and the parking is full because there are a lot of buyers last minute. While looking for a parking space, he notices a car taking two spaces with this irks. He finally finds a place in park, making his way over to the hoggish car and leaving a note under the torch to call the owner an "selfish deaf". Then he went to the shopping mall of his last minute. When it finally left the mall, it closed with many people who left already. Not the owner of the car left the note on however and he noticed this on the way to his car. He also notes that the score he left under the torch is no longer. Odd. When he gets into his car, he gets to start it up. He noticed a car coming up behind him and blocking it from backing. He gets out of the car only to be confronted by the owner of the car (Chuckie-played by Lukas Haas) and left the note with a posse of his Thug friend. Yelling practiced with a cop shopping center (name, not Paul Blart) makes his way on them to see what the problem is, only their brain has been blown out by itself by Chuckie. While this happens, Della jumps into her car, starts her and drives on the median in front of her. Chuckie and hop posse him in his car and give chase. Della ends up crashing his car into a bottle of debris in a housing development but it is injured. He managed to make it to the back of his car, opening up the hatchback and grab a toolbox before the thugs get there. <br /> With this, Della spend the rest of the night trying out and out understanding the thugs armed with only the tools that he has in his toolbox as gun. The first kill, in my opinion, is the best. The first kill that Della does anyway. The last one was probably the weakest and it would have been the best to consider that this was his main bad guy was offensive. I'll admit that there will be some that are set to buy the finish and I've left down a bit of myself. As a whole even though it was a flick of fun movie and moving along nicely into its 1 hour and 20 minutes running time.
