Gordon Parks, the prolific black photographer's life magazine, made a true sounding timebomb in a movie here - one that does not chaos around! Based on the true story of two NYC cops - later armed Batman and Robin - who only hired radical tactics to clean up the polls of drugs, this is a cop-buddy movie before that theme became a repetitive formula . Lightning rhythm, there is not one important scene to survive here. <br /> Man, early '70s NYCs were a terrible place to be a police officer, from similar to movies like this and "Serpico." These two cops start out as security-division rookies, drug busters of plainclothes in their spare time. But instead of receiving applause from the city police department, they received nothing but resistance and antagonism in their peers. They have one threat to navigate a police trap and legal corruption, their duty means to keep them from work on the streets, kingpins of ruthless drugs, and a nasty ghetto neighborhood. Both David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in driving; Part of the entertainment is watching Leibman's eyes darting around crazily in every scene of what is a unprecedented funny performance, and Selby's act is low-key and wry. Of these, all the comedian aspects of the story work - show a dissident blatant mix and goodsy determination. Director Park, who has already been known for his coverage in controversial subjects in his photography, does not shy away from the scratch of the story. Instead, the film is compromising in painting in the world's severity of police and street criminals that these two men live. Adding to this realism is the fact that the real Hentz and Greenberg act as technical advisors for the film, and even appear in the role of suro as the two ridiculous fellow officials. It's a great tribute to Parks' effectiveness that it manages to perfectly balanced this mileu depressing and bright comedy. <br /> <br /> Why MGM / UA left this on the shelf for 30 years - barely giving it a home video or DVD release in the U.S.? He is a minor leader in the 1970s.
