First seen this half a life ago on a black-and-white TV in a small Samoan village and he thought it was hilarious. Now he saw it for the second time, so later, I do not get it hilarious. I have not found anything hilarious yet. But this is a stunning and light-hearted comedy that quickly escapes and I enjoy it very much. <br /> It's 1945 and Fred MacMurray is a 4F who is dying to get into one of the armed forces. She rubbed a candle in the scrapyard she had managed and a genius appeared to grant her a few desires. (To hum, right? And if the introduction is not more than okay, their imagination is very lively.) MacMurray tells the genius that he wants to be in the army. Poof, and he joined Washington's soldiers in a particularly warm USO and invited where June Haver and Joan Leslie brought lots of lace doilies or whatever they were, and eve wigs. Washington sent MacMurray to spy on the enemy - red-coated, German-speaking Hessians, by Brits. The Hessians are trapped in a Bierstube and sings a very fun lively drinking song in the Vaterland, "where the white wine is victorious / and Rhinier waters in the Rhine and the bratwurst is melee / and the yellow hair is yellower / and Frauleins They are jucier / and the gooseier goose steps. "Something like that. Characterization is fabulous, as good as Sig Rumann. Otto Preminger is General Hessian suspect and disaster. "You know, Heidelberg, the 241 to 1 accounts against you - but they are not afraid." I can not go over too long with these fantasies but they're all quite funny, and these are the lyrics. When he wants he was in the navy, MacMurray winds up with Columbus and the fantasy feature as Grand Opera. "You do not know that western surfaces mean / a terrific investment inexpensive? / With which you should give their means / Isabella, Queen of Queens." When they see the New World, someone remarks that it looks great. "I do not care what it looks like," mutters Columbus, "but this place will call Columbusland." Anyway, everything is finally straightened out, even though the genius by this time is well drunk, with MacMurray wind up in the Marine Corps and the right girl. <br /> I made it sound too nice, maybe, but it's nice. Children will enjoy their chest of smoke and the magic and the rich love story. Adults will get a kick from the most difficult element of the story (which are the Hessians?) Unless they came to be college graduates, in this case they might want to stick with the legerdemain and say, "Wow! Awesome! "
