Having run through this movie on the Fox movie channel on a lazy afternoon Friday, I can think of no better way than a lazy Friday evening then putting in my two cents worth. Especially when you consider the lack of user comments on it. Are not all films, good or bad worth more than four comments? And this movie is not bad at all. The first thing to keep in mind when watching a movie like April Love is to remember the era from which it came, in this case fifty soldiers. The films were pretty much a happy medium back then. The movies were devoid of tragedy while the screens were filled with screen movie Technicolor screen in order to prick people away from the gray glare of the evil medium in a TV box. I do not know how many people were prided away from the boob tube to see this one, but it managed to take my attention for 97 minutes. Adolescent Idol Pat Boone plays Nick Conover, a young teenage boy sent to live with Henrietta Nolan Aunt Her and Uncle Jed (Arthur O'Connell) from the country after putting on probation for stealing a car. It seems that Aunt and Uncle had lost their own son (Jed Jr) so Uncle Jed seems to have lost his zest for living. Henry's aunt hoped that Nick was on the farm will somehow bring Jed from his doldrums. Lines like this have been these, Jed and Nick do not really care for each other too much of course. Each time, continue to meet with the neighbors, Fran (Dolores Michaels) and Liz (Shirley Jones) Templeton. Even though Jed developed a crush on Fran, and of course I do not need to tell you that Liz developed a crush on Jed. Then there's the horse at Jed Jed's Horse, a trotter that has turned into wild and will not let anyone occupy him since the death of Jr. Jr. You might probably fill in everything that's happening to your own point, see how there are no real surprises. No matter if, you will enjoy yourself anyway. <br /> <br /> Once you get on the image of Squeaky Bo Boone squeaky, as a supposedly bad boy, you will have no problem with the rest of the movie. Considering that, Boone turns into a surprisingly good Nick performing performance. Certainly the role does not require a lot of depth, but always it's a nicely functioning job when you would expect less. As Jed, Arthur O'Connell is the perfect choice for the role. In the early days, it is unbeatable and cold, but as it slowly warms up to Nick, we see that it is really a very good guy. Jeannette Nolan is a lot of fun as Henrietta, who is still playing the mediator party between Jed and Nick. Shirley Jones takes a break from Rodgers and Hammerstein and gets a few opportunities in our favor and talent to his songs. As Liz, it's gorgeous look, great to listen, and quite funny at times. Dolores Michaels as Fran, who is a bit more on the wild side, is equally entertaining. <br /> <br /> The best thing about April Love, is that there is not a true mean to sign the character of any sort on the screen. There is not one wicked person at all. Everyone is so revolting you can not help but enjoy the movie. I really get it quite refreshing, sort of like putting your problem behind you and enjoying a summer picnic with friends. Think about it as Andy Griffith's old show and musical numbers, a little more drawn, and wide screen touch screen. The songs are a mixed bag, with the title titled April Love being the best of them. Another thing I really like is that they did not fall off using blue screen effects during the horse racing sequences, and are quite a bit more fun and exciting because of it. As a matter of fact, you will find the whole movie quite fine and it was nice to see they did not save in the department. The chemistry between Jones and Boone is good. Best of all is how the flu between Nick and Jed is described as every attempt in some ways to find others respect. <br /> <br /> This movie will never be confused with great movies. But sometimes instead of going to Disneyland, one just needs a nice outing in the park, and that's what love loves.
