I have to be 100% honest with your fellow IMDb user. I wanted to see this movie for a very long time only because of the poster. Is Charlotte Gainsbourg a very sexy and good smile that way? I love with this woman! I got what I hope ... but only half. This film should deliver expectations for people who enjoy all kinds of romantic comedies or stories involving intelligent humor and dramatic light situations. While I do not agree with another fellow IMDb user stating that the movie is overrated; I must admit that "Maintenance" would be a major mistake. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the film is the lack of on-screen screens between the main characters. There is no single stage before the highest point showing the main characters sharing a "romance" moment or even a sign suggests that they're interested in each other. <br /> In fact, only scenes of both sharing a moment are very awkward (when both are in the couch) and do not help the audience to understand about a possible love interest. I did not buy the dinner sequence. <br /> Still, the movie delivers very funny moments and has a strong dialogue that supports such an interesting site. I mean and intelligent that it would be very difficult to execute like a leprechaun by a 43 year old man in those days. <br /> I understand it is a movie and therefore I accept it as a funny situation. Plus, the humor is versatile. There are moments involving S & M, funny lines and Chabat's best friends, some lesbian references, funny situations involving women's families, and more .. Charlotte Gaiona's performance is top notch and it's by far the reason watch movie. It's funny, sexy, looks very thin and fine, and demonstrates it is a versatile and talented actress who can pull out a comical and dramatic performance of brilliant sheen. Alain Chabat is a fine actor and gives a very decent performance. I think that the support to do what they can. The note, art direction, and other technical aspects are really good and provide a dynamic look at the movie. Enjoy this kind of cinema to be happy after the credit ends. It's a good example of feeling good movies.
