Before crashing, this film was interesting called Grand Canyon. Published on 14 years earlier than the former film, Grand Canyon was a movie about two people from different backgrounds that come together as friends on a life. My accident was still a little better movie, but Grand Canyon had no clumps either. <br /> <br /> When taking place in Los Angeles, an upper-class attorney named Mack (Kevin Kline) takes a shortcut to the side of the town's sedier only has his car broken in the worst time la. He asked for a tow truck, and he waited for a while, only soon threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the tow truck driver arrived at the perfect moment, and out steps Simon (Danny Glover) to take the truck away. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to get himself, Mack, and the car from sad desert. It comes from here on out that a friendship develops between the two men on a life and Mack helps out Simon as Simon helped him out of a dangerous situation earlier. You see Sister Simon's Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and her older son fears seems to be roaming the streets at night with some bad people. Mack offers them a better place to live as well as Simon's Wine and Friends Jane's secretary (Alfre Woodard). This is the main draw of the movie, but there are other smaller cemeteries that involve the same Honorary Secretary (Mary Louise Parker) and Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel) who discovered a baby abandoned by a long after the son of Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in her first movie role) goes to camp for the summer, and will likely be moving on her own life soon. The details of these cemeteries were brought together in a single complex movie using a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a bridle bridge all different scenes. This simple tracing device works very well and helps a lot with the flow of the story. The director of Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest movie at that date was the Big Chill, created a splendid movie here. Throw is excellent, and most of the ideas are well thought out, but Aywa has fallen short of greatness because some points, which would have made the movie even stronger, are glossed over. The story involving the secretary is one, and the second involving Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes should have been more separate from the whole story, and then perhaps Lawrence Kasdan's views of life between the upper and lower classes were more on a superior level instead of just pretty good. Still Grand Canyon exceeds expectations, and yes you'll get to see a view of the canyon that this movie was named after. There's also a tune for Steve Martin as Davis, a violinist producer, who offers his own self-esteem on life, and has a small part to play in this movie.
