A lot of people have commented on my strike like (sorry) missing the point. Kasdan wants to present life, simply, ordinary life. The conventionally structured story, where characters have insights that change their lives, and then fade out, music up, and the movie is over, is absorbed in this larger fabric. Several characters in this movie have just illuminations, and then they move on. Sometimes they can hold on their surfaces, sometimes they can not, and that is the way life really is. In other words, Kasdan jettisons constitutional dramatic structure in favor of an exploration of the continuation of life ?? there is no happy ending, only an end to end; And everything before that is still in process, always still up for tram ?? and, if you absolutely insist on a theme, explore the role of the miracle of our lives. What is a miracle? Well, life itself, for a start. Then add to all the random and cross-connections incidents that make up a life, or multiple connected lives, and you have miraculous not the bucketful. Kasdan underlined this theme lightly, rather than insisting on it, and bolster it in various ways, most memorably by the device, right in the center of the movie, containing Mac and his wife, lying in bed, each own dream Dreams, but as well shows, later on in the movie, how these dreams have the power, in the movie, in reality. This is not a movie that has an easy or clear message. You just have to let it play out in front of you, and then let it sit in your head for a few days, a month, a few years, and see what he was forced to. This is, without a doubt, Kasdan's best film, his most mature, his most humorous. A major meditation on life at one of our most talented writers and directors. The tragedy is, of course, that it was not allowed to work for a number of years now, mainly due to studio constraints around "Dreamcatcher." Hopefully we have not heard the latest from Larry Kasdan. A great movie from a great artist. Keep in mind that art has not streamlined itself completely in order to succeed.
