If you really want to know how most of the actors and directors of the Hollywood scene "made it" in their place, the vast majority will tell you (assuming they will say) that a strange coincidence took place. They have met the right people at the right time and get to the right project that has led to other connections to other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took an active class that Harvey Keitel knew. Kevin Spacey woke up a step back stage from an old woman's sleep at the conference of a famous dramatist author who helped her country play an important role. With Robin Williams's career in Gary Marshall's son who, after seeing "Star Wars," suggests giving his father that an alien should visit their Cunninghams in "happy days". These coincidences are often regarded as the most likely, many forms of careers in Hollywood today. Or is it better? Is it possible to do something else going on? "Grand Canyon" is written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, proposing a complete explanation of the inexplicable, aka strange coincidence of miracles. The movie worries several different characters that have intersected life because they have reached positive and yet inexplicable. Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, experiences a break-down in one of the most dangerous areas in LA. After he telephoned a tow truck, a young gang rode it. They threaten violence if they do not leave their car. Just before the confrontation can worsen, Danny Glover appears as the driver of the truck and dipping the intentions of the gang. Although Glover denies it later, it probably kills Kline's life. A producer (Steve Martin) in cheap film violence gets shot in the leg and after wards there is a spiritual experience. He then announced retirement from Gore products and entertainment. With Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), while on a morning jog, find a baby hidden in some foliage. She claims the baby called for her and she was "rescued" in the prefabricated baby. The film explores more results of these weird connections that lead to more relationships, endings in relationships, and new initiations. With all the while, a homeless foreigner appears throughout the movie as if somehow it is also connected to everything that's going on. as a purely esoteric topic. There is a moment that looks a bit incredible, but maybe that's the point. What makes the film work the superb outfit is not thrown off. Although the miracles and coincidences may seem far ahead, the actors make you believe they have these new facts. Maybe this is a topic we should explore more often.
