I reviewed Grand Canyon earlier this year when I set out to elaborate a ten best list in the 1990s. I saw the first movie when I was 17 years old. How did I hear about it? It was reviewed, and recommended very, by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and I eventually keep it on video a year later. It's a great movie, a powerful movie, a movie healing, to the power of listening, really hearing each other. I've seen it six times now, and she's amused and inspires me with every subsequent look. But why the reviews are poor for this movie? Guide to the Maltin movie gives it two out of four. Too melodramatic, excessive coincidence, too much bathing, is the expression that I read the most. Yes, there are melodramas in this story, and yes, there is a lot of coincidence, too. But it delivers with an intensity and similar force supplements. For all the "scheme" that exists in Grand Canyon, such as driving-by shooting, a police chase, an earthquake, a love affair, a woman's discovery of a baby in the bushes, another shooting, a nearby crash not a new driver, and the world's advice from a homeless man, this movie wins because of the clever performances by Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover, and Jeremy Sisto. He also succeeded because of his direction and writing toward Lawrence Kasdan. You know that is not just another movie when you consider a sequel at the start of the movie involving Kevin Kline being harassed by black youth cards. Danny Glover plays a towing truck driver that helps Kline's character, but not before it gets hurt too, by the leader of the bunch. Listen to the dialogue as the kid suggests for Glover, "Are you scared of me because of me, or because I have a gun?" <br /> <br /> Grand Canyon is filled with one perception scene after another. Steve Martin should have been nominated for the best actor to support as a movie producer with a change in heart and then a subsequent change in mind. I think his character is a warning that the "good" can bring us forward, idealism is a virtue, but one that we must fight for constantly rather than relying on. <br /> I'm afraid that Grand Canyon may lose forever in the desert of non-new releases in the video store. But with the deals now on older releases as low as 99 cents, I plead with anyone who reads this far in a review from a review that you will be thanking after having rented it, Grand Canyon is something special. If you liked Magnolia, another movie with a huge ensemble on deep humanitarian themes, you'll love Grand Canyon, too.
