I must say that Grand Canyon is one of the most affected films I have ever seen. I watched him many times now and always feel as I did the first time; That film, by itself, could make up curriculum throughout a post-graduate course toward film. <br /> A long time ago trailer trailer used to promise, "It will make you laugh, it will make you cry." This is a very trite and stabbed method of describing what Grand Canyon does. It takes you to the best place of human experience and the next moment takes you to the gates of hell. Many of the films are getting into returning cycles and ideas between those who are close to happiness and the same people being close to horror. It's still a short step, too. Just to manage that balanced and favored and without making it look fake or exaggerated is direct engineering. <br /> <br /> Spoiler (in kind) comes up. After receiving the audience used to capture the rear and out of the emotional spectrum, the film throws a curve and a sequence that does not go in bad and back, but instead increases from an ordinary marital spit, to a clean accident self-inflicted bruises that can or may not require points, in an earthquake whose characters are running out of the house. At the time of relief, forgotten arguments, forgotten fingers, the survival quake, a neighboring woman called her senior husband to fall. The young couple are helping him. I called when I saw this sequence. I called each time I saw it. I'm crying now. It's not sad to do that for me. It's not a particularly sad sequel. What my tears are that this few minutes in the movie was PERFECT. This is PERFECT! Astounding. (the end of the spoiler) <br /> There are many things to say about Grand Canyon. It shows people that are relatively ordinary who have epiphanies and allows the viewer to experiment vicariously. They are not bursting or blocked and have no time to examine the moment carefully. The movie is moving over to the pace of life. Even when the characters try to make sense of what happened, they are skeptical of what derives from their experiences. <br /> <br /> Grand Canyon is a very human movie.
