This is a great adaptation and a great ministry of its own right. The scheme amounts could disappoint the fans of the book (but really how many modern readers have read home yard without seeing a first movie version? I know of just a few). <br /> I think it is quite expansive to see critical reviews of the series that were clearly written by people who do not have a clue about the story - Did you actually watch the series or did you just pack a BBC Production because Gillian Anderson was in the newer version? The series captures the mood, pace, character and draw-driver (cut out the Dickensian arrows that do not need and detect from a movie treatment such as the Turveydrop History, the Dynamic Little Family and the Extra Lawyers - Tangle, Vholes etc. are pretty tronkonke). Only the omission that I wanted to keep was the Jellyby incident but as the first episode is already a slow pace (after the first episode is the perfect speed) I can see it was gone. <br /> <br /> Only other critics I have is that Jo's death might have been more faithfully done. I can see that practically Canonize Woodcourt would have kept a little more human than having this scene but really I think death is one of the most poignant points in the book and I miss it though it still does 'cry. br /> <br /> Can teowinthrop actually see the series? How did she think Esther had risen from her aunt and uncle? Who is this uncle? I suppose someone who might mistake DENHOLM Eliott for Desmond is not really an appreciative of English art (film or literature). I also think the mistake of treating the law. Yes the law draws very seriously at House Bleak. She has failed Jarndyce's offspring to eat up by the costs of litigation, he failed Tom Jarndyce's deaths with Rick Carstone and those who have faith in the suit. She failed Miss Flyte. In some ways it also attacks Captain Hawdon who leads to his death by the monotony of copistist law. Yes he eats the scavengers in Vholes and melee. But it also makes people like Guppy and Kenge able to move beyond the life stations. Though they are not the kind of social status-climbs Dickens clearly would rather not tie up being stuck in the station where they were born (unlike Jo and the brickmakers' families in the climbing out of poverty by Charley Neckett). In addition, the law, while misused by Tulkinghorn and the dog luck, is actually the source of security for the wards of the Court of Ada and Richard, and for Esther which is simply the Jarndyce ward. Security was secured by the law delivered by Jarndyce. <br /> I can not see how anyone can have problems after the story - remember you do not realize Esther is Lady Dedlock's lady lady at the start. Or you should "get" all connections immediately. Instant gratification just does not reach Dickens. As for "clearly seen" in the fog - Gosh Gillian Anderson had such math corrections that I found it impossible to follow and I knew the draw already! <br /> I found Diana Rigg absolutely brilliant (overacting and drama does not make a good lady Dedlock but if you think to try the version of Gillian Anderson). It is ADA and Rick by "Kate"! and you get all that you need in the Rouncewell subplot.
