I can not tell how the film follows the novel, never read the book, but since this timer of at least six and a half hours it's a good bet that most of the base are covered or, at least, we can say with some certainty that this is not a digested reader to condense version. Their production value is high, up to the standards of other classic BBC series such as Morse Inspector and Sherlock Holmes. We can believe Dickens' London watch, sound, and think a lot like this. Some occasional minor fell - some sportsmen shot a pistol and a percussion cap in 1840 or 1820 or this time took place. <br /> <br /> The act is too much to be applauded. Suzanne charges is the polite and honest heroine who slowly goes on doing good. It is also beautiful, in a mature manner, its beauty in its compassionate nature not in any flirtatiousness. Denhl Elliott is guardian (and more so, as it turns out). Charge with Elliott are two of the very few characters that are good in an unalloyed way. Another is an ancient sergeant forced to do evil by evil people. Another is a poor and helpless boy. <br /> I do not think anyone else could write this. He received all the earmarks of Dickens - poverty, tragic deaths, raw capitalism, generous wealth of guy in his gated home, hiding parents, torture motives, and the impotence or maliciousness of the justice system. Well, not the justice system as a whole but the chancery, which was obviously a court that decides matters with the distribution of property. (So ​​I picked up from Wikipedia.) It became so noteworthy rigid and dilatible that it was well correlated to England in 1973. Twice, Elliott's character described it as "a curse." The most impressive scene involves a money-scrounging creditor hounding a retired soldier at the gymnasium letter during a fence lesson. The sergeant is more masculine in the traditional sense than any other character I remember in Dickens. The lender apoplectic money and tenants screaming threats from his chair and the sergeant turned towards him and made one delicate exercise and saber after another, each advance brought him closer to his tormentor, while the lender facing old return returns to his place. <br /> A couple of missing things. Often Dickens will stick to at least one or two fun lines in dialogue. ("Humbug!" Or "The law is an ass.") Not here. "Farm" home is the right title. Secondly, there are practically not Weberian "kind of ideal" - no Mr. Micawbers or artful dodgers or scrooges. Third, the atmosphere, the whole ethos, is relentlessly involved. One tribulation follows another, usually having to do with money or some peccadillo shame from the past. <br /> <br /> My God, it's depressing. It's as if the author had his fluid vent on everything he had hated in the world he knew. Poverty, okay. He knew poverty. But one miracle that the chancery made Dickens deserve this kind of treatment. <br /> <br /> Maybe I should add that I just looked at the first episode in the 2005 series - and it's best in two ways. There are more codes in the direction, so the pace is a little faster. And the business of Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce is to explain satisfactory right up front, instead of caching over in the shadows that "mysterious" mysterious, so the plot is easier to follow.
