This production occurred in the 1980s, and it appears to be the first attempt to put selenium blend on seluloid. There is no movie version of the novel ever tried (it is considerably rich in subplots that actually serves as constraints with each other, so that it would have been very difficult to trim it down). The novel was the only attempt by Dickens to perform a centralized shooter (one of two of the work) of a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in typical Dickens style) mistreated her. It is illegitimate, but they will not tell him anything about his parents. Later we get involved with the gentry, Sir Leicester Dedlock, and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) will have an increasingly difficult time regarding her privacy and involvement in medlling the Tulkinghorn solicitor family (Peter Vaughn). We also involve Richard Carstone's actions (Esther's companion) in attempting to have a drawn case can be long ago, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, which everyone (even cousin Richard John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns is not worth the effort. <br /> Dickens was a lawyer reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before he wrote fiction. Starting with the violation of the PICKWICK PAPER promise, Dickens looks closely at the law. Mr. Bumble said he was "an ass" in OLIVER TWIST and Dickens would still support that view. It looks like in the slums as breeding grounds for crimes in TWIST, that the law barely tries to heal. He attacks the chances and obsolete real estate laws, as well as tolerant too many powerful and greedy attorneys (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) at home BLEAK. In LITTLE DORRIT he attacked the debt prison (he was also struck by David COPPERFIELD). In our friendship MUTUAL it looks like the testator and testament. In the EDWIN DROOD MYSTERY it apparently went to go to a murder trial. Dickens was far more critical of legal entities than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. But the novel also looks at other issues (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, budding Scotland yard detective force, social snobber in the industrial revolution). He also uses the novel satirised various types: Leigh Hunt writer, Inspector Fields in Scotland, and even the Notorious Maria Manning. Most of these points were kept in this fine mini-series version. If it is shown again on a cable station, catch it.
