"The thing about me" came in as a surprise. We had no idea about what to expect. The film directed by Raymond DeFelitta, and based on a screen play by one of her stars, Paul Reiser, proved to be a wonderful time in the movies. Although the film is predictable and we know what will be the result, this is a journey of discovery where Ben gets to know his father, perhaps for the first time in his life, Ben sees his father for what he really is , and not mythical figure he has in mind. The film looks like a car for its star, Peter Falk, and runs away with the movie, as expected. Mr. Falk, one of the most attracted actors working in cinemas at that time and in recent years, is a high-level actor, he must be identified. As Sam Kleinman, the father of Ben, is a man who is clearly misunderstood, not only by Ben, but he looks at the whole family with his wife in forty-seven years. , the matriyach of the Kleinman family, ran away, everyone went in a panic because this woman, the strong figure of the family, was vital to keep everyone together. Not knowing where she went, Sam shows Ben's home confused as she feels abandoned, suddenly, by the woman he married and was faithful to all those years. <br /> <br /> Ben, the youngest son, takes his father on a trip to look for a home he wants to buy so he can get his own family from Manhattan to the country. The trip gives the excuse for Ben's bond with his father in ways he never knew about because the old man had always projected a face to his youngest son. Along the way, father and son realize how much they love each other and how to perceive the old man who was not his children. Sam's love for Muriel spent many years knowing each other; they look like inseparable. Peter Falk is magnificent in the movie. He makes an excellent Sam Kleinman, who suddenly realizes his life is about to change for the worst. Mr. Falk shines as the greatest man and never a fake movement of his interpretation of the man whose whole world is falling on it. <br /> <br /> Not a fan of Paul Reiser, we must confess that as Ben Kleinman, it is right. Ben and his father discovered how many of them both have and their love for Muriel, the mother who sacrificed his life in order to keep the family together. Olympics Dukakis is only seen at the end of the movie. She makes a good contribution to the mother's save. Elizabeth Perkins plays Rachel with great style .. <br /> The movie has a nice thank you look at the movie of Dan Gillham, with excellent music notes by Steven Argila. Finally, the film shows a great effort between team directors, Mr. DeFelitta and Paul Reiser who wrote it to the screen. Although this movie is clearly aimed at an older audience, it should please anyone.
