One-third of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted on this movie were rated at 8, 9 or 10 with a user report set out six videos (Was this a record, or simply a default photography?). Although the film is primarily intended as a piece of period it clearly has a quite strange passion. But for some reason I imagined it as hugely whimsy and up until recently never felt encouraged to watch it. My mind was changed by Elizbeth Von Arnim's original book. My wife loves reading but her eyes do not allow her to read so much in her lending book. These books are usually irritating to a companion who is busy with other things, but I gradually came to appreciate that this one was seductively calm down, although in no way syrup, and was also very well written. I realized my wife would enjoy watching the movie, and so decided to buy her the video. I am now very happy that I did, and would certainly recommend buying it to anyone who appreciates a quiet reflective work that has no fireworks but with well-constructed character development and a very successful pre-Mussolini Italian atmosphere. The story is set in the immediate WW1 period and begins with two London couples who decide to pool their savings and enjoy a holiday together, away from families, in a rented villa in Italy. Strength in circumstances leading to this couple were joined by two other people with very different characters and backgrounds. Its terms are essentially no more than the interactions that take place as the holidays are progressing, not just between these very diverse mature ladies but also with the occasional male visitor. If you want action, emotion, dramatic sex, natural or disaster, or romance style Harlequin this should not be the movie for you. But IMDb users have been collectively and very demonstrating to demonstrate that none of these are needed for a proven movie very rewarding to look, and if you care to give it a try you can, as I did, come to the rank of it your very favorite movie. It is fairly rare for me to watch a movie in a book with which I'm already familiar. In many cases I get this take some of the fun away from watching the movie, but here's such a huge visual appeal to the environment that I actually get my pleasure increased by anticipation in viewing the next segment of the book, effectively enrolling front my eyes. (Perhaps Italy itself has some part of this last time I had this experience when I was looking at stories from the Decameron Boccaccio on TV.) Generally the movie movie tends to increase the dramatic level of original work ensures that the movie version has an even wider appeal, but here if anything it reduces in order to keep their attention watchers on the development of gradual character rather than on any background events. This works very well, although changes in the book are few and basically the movie stays true to the original story. Major credit is due to the Director, Mike Newell, and all members of the cast, particularly those well-known British actress who plays the main women's cards.
