Three girls, the youngest descendant of the Gaylord family, one of America's most relatives, are orphaned at a young age. Right before going to France in battle of WWI, Dad said the oldest, Fiona, never sold the country. Since siblings have grown old, they had to throw most of the money to pay for the lawyers to defend their property. Through certain vacations of the father's will, a man named Charles Barclay means possession of the Gaylord country, on which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is currently based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought grounds and buildings in the wealthy family of New York so he could build the Rockefeller Center. This film deals mainly with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. Fiona, well played by Barbara Stanwyck, although it's certainly not to be counted as one of her best roles, looks like a cold, women domineering, and it becomes clear that she has some skeletons in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a little ditty and completely in love with a modern youth artist named Gig Young. The Coleman was my favorite performance in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a pretentious seductress and a monk who is married to noble nobility in England, but that does not stop her from trying to steal gig from her sister. The three sisters are developing well, but, as is the biggest trend in the Gay Sisters, is never quite enough. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. It's not very good. Well, it should be satisfied if the story has been played out of the way it should have, but it still looks like a scumbag in the movie. When we are asked to sympathize with her late in the movie, it's impossible. Gig Young is played by, huh?, Gig Young. No, he does not play himself. What happened is that the actor, who has been acting in several movies previously under his real name, byron Barr, was printed by Warner Brothers to rename it to something more enticing. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but he eventually changed his screen name to Gig Young, after the character he plays in the Gay Sisters. Strange, eh? Young is quite good at most of the movie, but the script has some unfortunate things and his character is late in the film that ultimately harms the audience to him. In another supporting role, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are quite good. The Gay Sisters had great potential to turn out to be one of the great family scene sagas. Characters are all interesting, as are the situations. Unfortunately, the script never strives for nothing more than the simplest melodrama. If it made the interrelationships of all the more complex characters, meat out, for example, the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna or make the flashback more complicated, the movie could be fantastic. He also could make out the prologue more, tell us more about the Gaylord family. We need more care about the characters and we need to sympathize with them more. And the finish needs some great rows. It basically just gives up to the end. Fiona's problems are resolved so badly that it hurt. Whatever sympathy was his character as the movie progressed to fall apart. It's too far too happy. This story seems to move towards tragedy, or perhaps just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig never settles. As Fiona's story ends, Susanna, Gig, and Evelyn are even worse. I still love the movie. It looks great, though it does not involve us as other big movie in the era. 7/10, especially for its potential. It should be pulled, or the novel should be re-adapted, at some point during the studio era. It's too late to be remade now. The 1950s would be the best time, during film time like Giant.
