The first time I saw Rob Roy twelve years ago. With little money for entertainment, I rented her for my fiance and me to look on a chilly winter night. The movie I wanted was gone, so I rented this instead, does not expect much, and it was very surprising and how good it was. I just watched her again, and she liked it all as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those familiar with the story, it's about Scottish Outlaw Robert Roy MacGregor, a cow and popular hero. Out of the little I know about the man and his story, freedom was taken with reality, but it's a movie, not a book, and so the filmmakers can excuse. Basically, the plot of the movie is that Rob Roy borrows from the Marquis of Montrose to buy animals that he then intends to sell and reap a great profit from. But his plan is to defeat when the friend entrusts with the money robbed in the cash and murdered in the jungle. Our hero finds himself on the run after failing to solve the problem with the Marquis, and his wife Mary, suffered a sadistic rape in the hands of Archibald Cunningham, an Englishman smarmy with no souls. Atrocities occur, until, at an extremely satisfying conclusion, Rob dig Archibald up as a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in this movie, but allow me to touch especially on a few. Liam Neeson, as usual, is fantastic, a sexy animal you can not take your eyes off. Honestly, this man is like ice cream: even when it's bad it was good. Rob Roy is an honorable man who has difficulty giving people who depend on him, in the best way he knows how. Jessica Lange, as Mary, gives this woman a shock that is a nice change from simpering, her husband's wife wife husband is forced to hold. You just know it does not take any BS from Rob, or anyone else for that matter. Tim Roth is completely on the top and paint it in the evil Archibald, yet somehow, it works. All the posture and preening, combined with some wicked dialogues, result in one of the most memorable movie bandits in recent memories. Combine all these things, with the stellar work by other supporting players, with the appetizing landscape of Scotland, and you have the number of films really, really cool. If you have not seen this, I highly recommend that you do.
