In 1995, when many talked about the great BRAVEHEART premiere by Mel Gibson, he also saw another beautiful, yet again film in Scottish history, ROB ROY. Although it is a very different film, especially due to the historic period the story is set, ROB ROY has a lot of common not only with wonderful BRAVEHEART, but also with the very spirit of seasonal movies. is a film that discusses similar terms, such as fighting for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family being a key to happiness. It also brought us to the very Bliss of Scottish Highlands where the human soul finds its rest surrounded by all scope of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (so universal in era), sort of "Scottish Robin Hood" who struggles to lead his people out of asthma imposed by cold-headed chefs. Although he has worsened his situation in the act, he suffered a lot, two things remained in his mind definitely: HONOR that he gave in to himself and the love of his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). That brought him to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Except for the interesting content and quite vivid action, the film is full of visually stunning visuals. This factor has to be done both with sides of the movie as well as the wardrobe. Many memorable moments remain in the mind of any viewer who can allow themselves an insight into artistic images. For me, the most splendid scene was in the Highlands when Rob Roy told his boy what honor really meant. Then she sends them away and beautifully make love for her woman. The scene he saved Margus of Montrose (John Hurt) in the waterfall is worth a look as a stunning visual. Of course, there are some graphic violence, as in the duel for example, but I do not think that violence should be as dangerous as in many other modern films. His justification is like any other season: bloody and cruel times were really serious and there would be no point in hiding it. The most disturbing scene, for me, was the rape done on Rob Roy's wife by the villain of the story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting and the kids should definitely stay away. However, the rest is O.K. But there is an aspect that made me really love this movie, their performance. <br /> <br /> All the cast does perfect work, from the leading Lianne Neeson who fits perfectly into the role of tall, brave, strong Scottish man dropping into support of Brian Cox showing wicked Killearn, a witness in silence of terrible acts that feel comfortable with the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very good as Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the movie. There is chemistry between Ms Lange and Mr Neeson in many of the scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, performs a formidable job as the Montrose Marguis, a man who is corrupted that money is the aim of his head accomplished by any means. I love this calm to paint it. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth who really painted the poor side of his character, Archibald - a man who mocks love, who loves war and who finds true lust in rape and murder. But as in any good season, this exceptional wrong must get its end ... <br /> <br /> And one more aspect: notes of music: as memorable and sentimental tunes that are tied to the sound ear for long. The final movement touches me in tears not only because of the beauty it translates but because I deeply combine the bliss melodies and the magnitude of places. Scotland remains in the heart of its visitors and this film reminds me of that permanent effect. It was, as if, my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very beautiful, well-directed movie, picture and acting. It may not be the same BRAVEHEART with its spectacular devices and crowds of extras in battle scenes, but it is a fairly long film to carefully put on one very significant feature of a movie that should have: stunning entertainment combined with sincere education. I really enjoyed that movie, do not hesitate to call it the metaphor "Highlands of Entertainment" and its rate of 9/10
