Bad for this fine movie that he had to release the same year as Braveheart. Though it is a very different type of film, the controversy between Scottish Commoners and the English nobility in front and center here as well. Approximately 400 years passed between Braveheart's time took place and Rob Roy was wearing, but some things never seemed to change. Scottland is still run by noble English, and the Highlanders may never seem to catch a break when dealing with them. Rob Roy is nice to do, but not the grand season that Braveheart was. There is no big-scale battle, and the conflict here is more intense. And hideous not all English are described as wrong this time. Rob Roy is simply a movie about people who are honored, and those who are truly wrong. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays the character Rob Rob MacGregor. He is the leader of the family of MacGregor and his basic function is to tackle and protect the animals from the local nobility in records known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Things are very nice for the MacGregor family as winter is approaching, and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy put together a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from the marquis and buy some animals from his own. Then he would sell them off for a higher price and use the money to improve the overall wellbeing of his community. Sounds just enough, does not it? Problems arise when two peers in the Marquis steals the money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the most evil character ever put on film. Played nice by Tim Roth, this man is a noble-thrown penniless who was sent to live with the Marquis by his mother. This man is disgustingly edeminate, rude, creed, and very dangerous with a sword. He fathered a child with a girl but refused to own the responsibility. He raped Macgregor's wife and burned him out of his house. This guy is really as rotten as movie characters come. Together with another crony at the Marquis (Brian Cox) Cunningham steals the money and uses it to settle his own debt. Though it is painfully evident to most people that happened, the Marquis still holds MacGregor in debt. This establishes conflict that will take many lives and challenge the forces of a man simply to fight to keep his dignity. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Chuck for the MacGregor, a Duke who has no friends at the Marquis sets up a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the single conflict and for everyone . This sword battle was considered by many to be the best ever ever filmed. Cunningham was thought by many to be a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the battle, it seems that these attributes will win out. Just when it looks like Rob Roy ends, he turns the tables in a shocking manner. The first time you see what happens, you'll probably be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is very well filmed, beautiful action, and perfectly rhythm. The note is quite memorable, too. The casting looks seems to have worked out as Jessica Lange, who may seem to be from her element, actually turning into one of the strongest performances as Mary MacGregor. The film is violent, but there is not too much throat. It is a full lusty picture of disturbed behavior, however. The nobility is largely played as being amorous and slaughtered. The movie has no obvious defects, so it gets 10 of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> <br /> The Hound.
