This is the story moving in Scotland's legendary hero, Rob Roy, and his battle with feudal landowners. Like Braveheart that it is often compared, it's not very historic. Although primarily fictional nature, I miss both of these movies very and would be hard pressed to choose between the two. The 13th century William Wallace is, as others noted, a larger than the face of national life, while Rob Roy at the beginning of the 18th came across as a honorable, but ordinary Scotsman. The story revolves around a chief, Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a Scottish Highland Cottage with his wife and two two sons. As the movie begins, he and his fellow people are hunting down some thieves who stole the local pets. Rob Roy then wants to improve the living conditions of his people so arrange to lend one thousand Scottish pounds from a local noble, the Marquis of Montrose, in order to buy cattle herd in the market. He temporarily entrusts that money to his friend Alan McDonald. When both McDonald and the money turn up, Rob Roy finds herself in conflict with Montrose as well as her despicable guard, Archibald Cunningham, and ditching her surface, Killearn. Honorable Ron Roy also tested when Montrose seeks to include false testimony against his rival, Duke Argyle, whom he wants to be a Jakobit. Liism Leyson Charisma is brilliant as a humble Highlander Rob Roy, a smart, virile, and noble hero and a honorary man is essential in this story. Personally, I feel that this is Neeson's best performance, his brogue (albeit Irish) adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous, and honest man whose words can be trusted. She is a loving husband & father, and also touchingly loyal to her friends, McDonald, who was accused of stealing her. Tim Roth's mastery presents his major opponent and surely one of the most crimine and sadik cinematic bandits, Archibald Cunningham, an egotistical, ruthless sheep peach. It's very weak for someone who makes it his biggest business for local women, if desired or otherwise. Cunningham's patient himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a barrage ignorance of his own father's identity, though this hardly justifies his demon in murder, rape, and inhale. Also, she was merciful to the servant's servant, Betty, after she became pregnant with her child, causing her suicide. John Hurt plays the expansive Montrose and Phoenix, which eventually implies to be Cunningham's father. The movie is essentially the very beloved story of an ordinary man and his wife, very well describing the fascinating relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who question the presence of passion in marriage should look to that husband and wife! I think that the phrase used by this fear, 'How fine you are to me ...' is surely one of the expressions of love in all movies in all movies. <br /> <br /> The most compelling performance is perhaps Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Lack of make up, she has the beautiful but natural look of a solid farming mother and mother. The actress carries courage and dignity in her role when she was brutally raped by the cunningham cunning, while Killearn's disgust seems on. His dialogue is plain but full of pride and grace. I give her Hollywood due for once being shown just enough in the scene of rape revealing her cruelty as well as Mary's pain and humiliation, but nothing intends to sensationalize. Parents, Alastair McGregor, show emotional anguish when learning from Mary's rape, and more torment when she swears her in secret never revealing her husband's violation by Cunningham. <br /> In this film course features the beautiful scenery of the Scottish Highlands, also suits periods of provision and appropriate music notes. There is no grand battalion scene as in Braveheart, but continuous action engages with a particularly fascinating battle fighting in the final rival between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a fascinating movie featuring both tension action and a lovely love story.
