** Attention Spoilers ** <br /> <br /> First of all, let me say that Rob Roy is one of the best films in the 90's. It was an amazing success for all those involved, especially acting in Liam Neeson, Jessica Lange, Jan Hurt, Brian Cox, and Tim Roth. Michael Canton Jones painted a wonderful portrait of honor and chaos that men can represent in their heads. But alas ... <br /> it constantly, and unjustly come to compare with "Braveheart". These are two totally different films, probably just the same as in the fact that they are both on the Scottish Scotland Scots. But this comparison often hurts me because it seems almost assumed that "Braveheart" is a better movie than "Rob Roy". I love "Braveheart" a lot, but the idea of ​​comparing it to "Rob Roy" is a bit insulting me. To put simply, I like "Braveheart," but it's a shadow to talk about how much I love "Rob Roy". Here is my particular reason ... <br /> <br /> - "Rob Roy" is about real people. <br /> <br /> Let's face it, William Wallace's "Braveheart" is not a real person. It's a legend, a martyr, a bigger than figureheadhead. Because of this illustration, it is also a perfect person, never doing what is wrong, and basically showing his subconscious mind in the promised land. When it finally fail, it's not her fault. Like Jesus, he was betrayed by many people he trusted greatly. He even goes to the worst kind of torture because he wants a lot of freedom. <br /> <br /> The deposition of Wallace is very well done and efficient. But it really does not inspire or intrigue me. I find people ambiguously far more facinating than human perfection. That is why "the last temptation of Christ" is a better movie than the "King of Kings", and that is also one of the reasons why I think "Rob Roy" is better than "Braveheart". Rob Roy can be heroic and brave, but it is far from perfect. It has several mistakes that affect many lives of loved ones. Now, sure, do not bring false claims against the Duke of Argyll was a act of nobility and courage, but it was also a act of selfishness and self-sentiment. Let's not forget that the kinfolk that he claims to protect was driven homeless at the end of the movie because of this act. But Rob did better he could, and that was all you could ask him. <br /> <br /> Rob's wife, is also a normal, entertaining man. Let's start though, and how it looks in this movie. Sure, it's nice, but it does not wear makeup and it basically allows its natural beauty to show. Compare this with the love (or one, depending on your point of view) to William Wallace in "Braveheart". Now, these two ladies are hot, but hardly indicative of how women look in time (especially people to lie). Perhaps not a fair comparison, but just another example of how Rob Roy's attempt to speed up is far more efficient. <br /> <br /> Throughout "Rob Roy", Mary lived with her vicious violence by the dastardly cannon, Cunningham. He feels pressured to say Rob in his struggle, but not because he knows Rob should seek revenge for his rape. This revenge would surely mean Rob's death, and Mary is not prepared for such a sacrifice. <br /> <br /> The wars of "Rob Roy" are equally as compelling. Although the enemies of "Braveheart" are well written, they are hardly original. Robert Bruce, a brave and cowardly man, is plagued by moral decisions that are all familiar to the fictional domain. Should he take his claim as King of Scotland, or would he betray Wallace to ensuring the safety of his family? Bruce is the most ambitious character of "Braveheart", but in Brutus's "Julius Ceasar" of Fredo in the "Parfait II Part", these types of characters are hardly original. Longshanks, although a convincing villain of his own right, is only one dimension. It is the epidemic of evil, and his tyrant style stands in direct contrast to Wallace's courage. <br /> <br /> "Rob Roy" has three beautiful bandits in the Chicanery. First of all, let's start with the Montrose Marquis. He is a man who is so obsessed with his own image, that he wants to leave an innocent man suffering because of him. "Look at it that I'm not ashamed" are his favorite words in his "factor". He is a man obsessed with power, angry that a great man carrying noble as the Duke of Argyll can be considered by his interim major then. She is shame herself obsessed with insecure. He is an evil aristocrat, but in his way unique. Cunningham and Callarn are the plots of "Rob Roy", and Roy's bloodthirsty assassins. Callarn is so cunning in his cowardace that he's almost funny. It will do nothing to hold good wishes of the Marquis, including backstabbing and artifacts. Cunningham is a compelling character in that it seems to have risen to do everything he can to get the status and affection of the Marquis. She needs a father, little she knows that the Marquis is his real father. Therefore, when the opportunity to acquire wealth from Callarn, it grabs it without even questioning it. It is very much like evil in modern man, so self-centered and prosperous that he does not care about the consequences of his actions on others. Many people criticized Tim Roth's performance in this film as overacting. Hogwash I say. It is clear that Cunningham is not simply wrong but also psychopath in the whole movie. In a world where someone and her butter can go to shoot random people for entertainment, Cunningham is too much of an incredible character? We live in a society where people seem to have reduced the lives of people. "Rob Roy" merely teaches us that only the circumstances of this value decrease change. It is a matter of all human history that is worth the human heart will not allow for the compassionate capacity. Rob Roy and Mary give us hope that kindness will prevail, but snakes will still exist in our world. Another character that I find fascinating is the Duke of Argyll. It is a true noble, and worthy of honesty and courtesy of direct contrast to the Marquis. She appreciates the courage of Rob Roy and Mary, and she has a direct victory for the Marquis and her factor. He gives the world hope for those who have power. Hopefully, people like Marquis are an exception and not the rule. <br /> <br /> - The ultimate duel of "Rob Roy" is much more interesting then 10 at the Battle scene in "Braveheart". <br /> <One thing I get tired of is telling people that "Braveheart" is a better movie because of the battle scene. First of all, the battle scenes are hardly original. From "Spartacus" to "Gladiators", Hollywood has a long tradition of historic historical battle scenes. "Braveheart" has some of the best fighting scenes ever put on film, but they suffer from an important issue. These battlefields have no context except for the fight for freedom. <br /> Now, do not get me wrong, the duels are hardly original either. In fact, there are probably 10 times as many films and duales as there are and battle scenes. But the context of the duel between Cunningham and Rob Roy is a beauty seen. It is one of the greatest scenes in film history. Let me explain why ... <br /> <br /> First of all, the fighting style and the bearing of the two characters in this duel describes the characters perfectly. Cunningham is effective and dangerous, Rob Roy is strong and courageous. Cunningham uses a fence sword while Rob uses a broadsword. Cunningham fights with rapidly moving moves, while Roy's fighting style is more obvious. The whole movie, from deliberately slow down first half of the second exciting second, is leading up to this moment. It is powerful, and it is clear that Rob must be the extermination of evil that was plagued by his whole world. When Rob finally gets the upper hand (literally and figuratively) it is one of the greatest moments in movie history. Rob wins because he has more to live for, and his honor is more powerful than Cunningham's 10. The use of music is absolutely cool at this stage. Good rule against a real wrong is more powerful than I can see a dude get disemboweled just so it can be called "FREEDOM!". But hey, maybe that's just me. <br /> <br /> - "Rob Roy" is more realistic than "Braveheart" <br /> I do not know that people in the aristocracy or Scotsmen talked like the people of "Rob Roy", but I feel that it is clearly an attempt to take the speech patterns. I feel that many people are bored by "Rob Roy" simply because they can not understand what the characters are saying. If this is the case, then read some shakesphere, or put on the lock-captioning. "Rob Roy" is actually one of the greatest film films in the 90's. Many of the dialogue in this movie are smart, but maybe you have to watch the movie a couple of times to understand it. <br /> <br /> In contrast, the dialogue of "Braveheart" is hardly very interesting. Of course, what do you expect when the main character is a Scotsman played by an Australian? This is a legend, and was clearly not an attempt to take the speech at times. This film took several centuries before "Rob Roy", and yet they talk like people today. So, why many people love it better. Today's hearings have become increasingly lazy, and they do not want to take the time or patience to understand complex things. Therefore, as with many epic films, they hope to see the Villians speak an English-speaking accent while the heroes speak in a tradition not far from our American language. Sure, it's clear that Wallace's is Scotish, but other than sounding like Scotty from Star Trek and a couple of "Aye" for recognition, the Scots of this movie fit into the Hollywood tradition of how we believe Scots would must sound. br >> <br /> So these descriptions prove that "Rob Roy" is a better movie than "Braveheart"? Diman. But if it proves one thing, it shows that it is hardly common knowledge that "Braveheart" is a better movie than "Rob Roy". To put simply, "Rob Roy" is a movie that has very much to do in today's world. "Braveheart" is a film about a legend that is inspired but hardly realistic. You can make a decision about what you think is best ... <br /> Class - A score - 9
