MAJOR SPOILERS !! This is for those who saw the movie !! <br /> Comments were touched on the major theme of "honors" in the movie, and too many comparisons of "Braveheart." I'll point to some of this film that I have not seen other comments to earn about: This movie has a different decision about abortion. The first character for pregnancy is the Roth girlfriend, and when she suggests an abortion, she declares she's too late for that. The shame of his situation ("I have a battalion battalion.") Take him to suicide in a scene later. The second character to find himself pregnant is Rob's wife Mary, after a rape by Roth's character (and at least one sex scene with her husband, Rob). End of the movie, as Rob is leaving for a final confrontation with Roth, Mary asks what she should do about the pregnancy of doubtful origin, and a tone lined up in abortion. Rob replied in a noble tone, "it's not the fault of the child," and then say what he thinks the name would be, girl or boy. I find this "pro-life" position on the part of the hero to be very un-Hollywood. Rob is walking from the darkness of the house to the bright outside to make this comment - not similizing similit. <br /> <br /> Another term related is Roth's character is a battalion, an obvious person does not know who his father is, and he has some kind words for his mother, though he puts a picture of it in a case hanging around his neck. Is it coincidence that Roth (devoid of family stability) is the market definition of psychopath, while Rob is the husband / father, and of course the hero. In the final sword battle between Rob and the villain (Roth), the ancient slices of the milk are deeply across the chest - the left side of the chest, on the heart. Her employer and pseudo-father figure (John Hurt character) kept her mother's picture in her hands and gazes into her, before she snatches her out of the neck of Roth's death. <br /> <br /> Also, what I find interesting was the rape scene scene, which was not quite graphic but neither was it off-camera and implicit. I found it surprising in it a bit problem of illustrating reality, and Mary convincingly showing the characteristics of someone going through the ordeal, and post after traumatic stress (as we call it right now). My point was that the rape was neither sensational nor just implicit, which I found an exciting middle road for Hollywood to take. <br /> In the final battle scene, I have to correct an earlier comment: The weapon Roth chose was a rap (or perhaps a short sword), Rob's chosen weapon was a Claymore. Someone really did their homework on this whole scene. Roth would have the upper hand in such a situation, but of course Claymore is a clearly Scottish weapon. What is more striking with me (like a window and someone who read a bit about the subject) is that this ultimate sword battle is one of the most convincing convictions in any movie ever made: the actors actually look like trying to kill each other - by cutting the usual blade opponents we see in most movie films (including the movie opening battle). Even more true in history, Roth sees several times using the rapier as a push weapon, which is its purpose by design! (Rapiers were side-by-side, but primarily a push-up gun and edges were used primarily to parrying a violent opponent.) Rob used Claymore's great cut, as it intended to design. The battle goes as I would expect it - Roth effectively wins. Even though Rob won the day by arresting Roth's (more symbolic) and hit him dead with a powerful off cut. <br /> <br /> Folks, it is rare to see this level of historical accuracy in a movie sword fight. <br /> I will also note that for whatever reason, I remember 1995 (the year of release) distinctly as a time of distrust in the U.S. government. Hollywood was obviously tuned to that, with the release of both "Rob Roy" and "Braveheart," and I think the anti-government backs up why both films get so much comparison. <br /> I think the different perspective that this film provides is refreshing fan movie starving, tired of the same old, not so hidden message from Hollywood.
