Wednesday the Scottish Michael Caton-Jones brings little connection to Sir Walter Scott's novel in the same name ... The open movie at the Scottish Highlands, and Robert Roy McGregor and his men hunt down a bunch of stolen cow stolen several heads of his pets James Graham's ... The scene then changed into a sword-fighting contest goes on to noble and wigs long, adorable shirt, soft-colored clothing, palate make-up and conventional gestures MacGregor lives under the protection of a local masters called Marquis of Montrose ... When it enters into an ill-advised trading agreement with Montrose, its innocent leaves itself exposed to the bad plots of Montrose's malad ... The perfect unwillingness is the most creative and beautiful part of the movie, even though it takes a reckless turn and a rape rape ... When Rob Roy is finally forced to rebel against the English soldiers, the action gets well understood, finished with the dictable duel between him and an expert with the army ... <br /> Liam Neeson enjek was heroic and passionate to his character ... He is clever, fair and viral ... He brings his height and favors as the Scottish ruler of a small community ... He is a loving father, a passionate lover, and a noble husband, driving act desperate by bandits dastardly ... It would rather die than tell a lie or betray a trust .. Oscar winner Jessica Lange gives the film class as the solid Gaya consecrated wife, a proud, brutal woman violated by an ice psychologist aristocrat. Lange lines are full of dignity and integrity: 'I think about you dead until my husband do it. Then I'll think about you no more. 'John Hurt brings his usual intelligent touch and character role to make Montrose something more than a vicious Marquis, without mercy and money and temperament by the English court fashion for foppery ... It's a poisonous guys and two servants villainous in his service ... Honor, in his view, looks like a strange notion ... He has two goals: ruin the reputation of his rival, the Duke of Argyle, and hunt down the fugitive MacGregor ... He sent his soldiers to burn the Highlanders' houses, kill the people and the animals ... <br /> Tim Roth ?? The perfect constraint of the hero is frightening and weird an effeminate enforcer ... It's a British aristocratic penniless, a nasty 'wonderful hired sword', ravishing and killing his way into the Scottish steam ... Its name is Archibald Cunningham ... It turns out to be a liar, a thief and a murderer ... He canceled himself as' a battalion of foreigners, seeking his fortune, and the fairy rs of great men, "and Se therefore, can not care about anyone else: "Love is a manure hunter and I am, but a cock riding on it at Crow. "He even jokes that he once raped a young boy he was mistaken for her a girl ... <br /> <br /> Cunningham looks pathetic ... It smokes trumpets, and word utters and revised reviews, but it's not terribly dangerous-until a muscular sword insults it, and we discover that it's a cool head and an expert with a sword ... It really does steal the movie with a performance that has earned it a pi good for supporting actors ... <br /> And while Brian Cox is decently odious as Killearn, Andrew Keir is the Rivant Montrose, the powerful Aristocrat local, Duke of Argyll, one of McGregor's faithful faithful men meets outside his own family ... <br /> Set in 18th century Scotland, with an atmospheric music note, 'Rob Roy' is really a love story between a man and his wife, a truly human story, unjustly dwarfed by 'Braveheart' Mel Gibson, who says and essentially the same story in the resident province of overbearing English owners.
