So neighbor killed killer. Remind me of Iraq. As I watched the American flag (50 stars in 1864?) Dragged behind the horse, I realized why consuming white and blue pieces did not upset me as much as our destruction / indifference to the Bill of Rights. I'm a southerner and must have some historical memory. Watching the character Tobey McGuire learns to respect the dignity of an ancient slave, as it appears in the scalps of black and German (ethnicity background) were bets in a poker game ..... was interesting. Many twists of this film. The wife, forced in her marriage, shows both lust with a strong will, features we do not use to see in 'respectable Victorian south beautiful'. <br /> <br /> The crazy wacked out rebel southerner gave me some insight into why my cousin, head of Copeland Horse-Thieving Gang, Inc. in Mississippi, hung on that time. The homeless people were traveling the country, armed. Remind you to Iraq? And how do we look under the facade of religion and ethnic background? And why the continents are still struggling with civil wars today. <br /> <br /> Too bad we can not even use the knowledge of touching the land we just invaded and busy, launching civil war everywhere. This Mesopotamia, now called Iraq, who came to misery to sit on oil. Wild assassins in the valleys of Missouri, invading Lawrence, Kansas could easily be insurgency fighting now with no success. Another anomaly was paid to Yanki's father's taxation that moved to Lawrence and erected a school "even before erecting a church. Therefore, they will win." Huh ????? I taught stories in Birmingham, Al and we taught that the North was more industrial and richer ..... That's why they won. Courts, they also LITERALLY had God on their side. As you see here, when the slave was released indicating that he had been cut out of his free mother, sold in slavery in Texas. God, what a terrible inheritance slavery has given us. <br /> <br /> Interesting very good, lots of blood and gurgling as the giants rise gleefully in battle (but did not hear any rebel yells, so reminiscent of football games in Alabama). You also get a real sense of how stupid the war was, as the bushwackers and jayhawkers pick up their forces for another attack. They have lost sight of why they are fighting, and so we are. Just more stupid kill. <br /> You also carried up to date with limbless kids coming home from Iraq, like the bushwacker (ahh, what connotation) first has his tight arm close, trying to save it, then read empathy, and then die. So much suffering for such a stupid cause. <br /> <br /> The cinematography is fantastic. Now I have to get back to the DVD and get the production notes, one of my favorite parts in any movie. I suspect that this movie was written by a Vidal Gore, as the language spoken is of a kind that you would associate with that era, if you knew history. The dialogue is definitely thought-provoking. Not without your ordinary and movie war film, by any means. You see wounded soldiers but still active-duty, always fighting to cause nothing else to do. You see the raiders south, living in the country, stealing indiscriminately. But at the beginning, you saw the battle stop, so women can be evacuated from danger. While I read the escalating number of women and children killed in Iraq, I think, "Where did we lose our sense of honor as someone?" I forgot why I was looking for this movie out and bought it after 20 years, but there are some books somewhere to find great praise. With good reason. Tobey at her best, pre-Spiderman. Buy the DVD or rent it. And tell me why others are heavy, not just liberal cest me.
