When I heard this movie led by Ang Lee, I made sure you saw it. This Taiwanese director burst into fame and the "Wedding Banquet" and "Foods Food Drink" a few years ago and then moved on "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Storm Ice". Now he turned his attention to another American icon - the Civil War. <br /> This story takes place in Missouri, a Union State and South Sympathy. These are never officially joined by the Confederation Army. Instead, they formed bands of bandits, called "bushwhackers", grew long hair, and sometimes would confiscate the Uniform Union by wearing regular clothes. The movie depicts the moral dilemmas, the drama high of the times, and supposedly heroic missions in killing storekeepers and farmers who helped the Union. There are no stars in this film, unless you consider the singer's "jewelery", well cast as a young Confederate young as a star. Tobey Macquire cast as a German German boy who derided for her legacy because Germany was supposed to be sympathizers Union. This young man is an excellent actor, full of young teens whose faces have enormous miracles performances and subtle accomplishments have been exposed to horrors of war. Jeffrey Wright is a freed slave who travels with the bushwhackers because of his loyalty to the young man who bought him his freedom. It provides a fine and understated performance. Some of the act, however, are wooden, especially in the long conversations they have about morality. And the costumes are too new. And the "gentleman in the South" theme of behavior and hat-torture and polite women come across as a bit much - especially since they make it a point to kill all the guys who are pulling out to women's arms, burn stores and houses. <br /> While I do not think this will go down as one of Lee Lee's "big" movies, I made myself fascinated by it, in spite of the slow parts and its excessive length of 140 minutes. I was interested in what happened next and felt sympathy for each of the characters that all came across as real human and incompetent beings caught in the forces of history. <br /> <br /> It's not as much action as the usual movie war, but still recommending - especially for the Civil War. <br /> <br />
