The most succinct way to describe Ride and the Devil is with one word: authenticity. I will not rehash what has already been said about this wonderful movie, but I would like to say how much the historical research and painful attention to detail the crew has no doubt spent in appreciating this filmgoer. As a student of history familiar with the period and environment of this film, I must say that this production is one of the most fictional films about "bleeding Kansas". Yes there was freedom to take on the real events, as all fictions are just done. But the overall feel of the movie is genuine. Genuine costumes, authentic attitudes (no traps hanging here) even the actors look authentic. Even Jewel Kilcher (with a small part of the movie) looked like he stepped out a mid-19th-century shape. Some viewers I talked to have expressed their incredulity in the stylized dialogue. They can not believe that 19th-century farmers would "speak like poets". What they do not realize is that at this age of verbal slobbishness, the American public's public in the 19th century was an amazing amazing and easy talking batch. These people were raised on Shakespeare and the James James version of the Bible. The screenwriters reconstruct the most likely verbal styles of these people, judging from documents of the time. The stylized dialogue just adds to the magic atmosphere of the movie. <br /> But in addition to a historical document, this film works on a viserally level as well. Very beautiful pictures and festivals, it harkens back in the days of great western spices. The attack on Lawrence, Kansas, performed many times before in many other, smaller films are described with a sense of urgency that puts the viewer right in the middle of the action. <br /> <br /> Romance, adventure, moral and ethical conflict. This movie has everything a discerning movie could want. <br /> In a year dominated by too many garbage like Indian Beauty, this great artwork was buried by an indifferent studio system. But I am sure that ride and the devil will give it in due course in the coming years. Please rent this movie. You will not be disappointed.
