Riding with the Devil has something rich and special, if you can stop slowly. While tackling a dark, brazen topic, the brutal war of the West Indian during his Civil War (which in turn spawned the prohibitions of the old west of the 1870s), the film holds an unmatched, unmanipulated atmosphere. What I refer to is the trend in movie music and lighting to make you feel the mood you would expect to feel. But RWTD instead has a relatively optimistic soundtrack, and allows words and actions to make talks to the mood rather than manipulation in the viewer's sense. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiasm in this particular area of ​​CW history, I greatly impressed with the accuracy of the movie. The dialogue is expressly written, (even with subtle humor periodically) and references to bushwhackers and battles before retirees (Independence for example ... A far cry from the Oregon Trail!). The minor events reached Jake's band are similar to current events that took place ... Especially the attack when they are flowing up at home, and the destruction of the store / booth. The battle scene, though rare, is very well executed. He even has the first CW rider fight to put on film lately. <br /> <br /> The Direction shows the talent everyone hopes in Lee Lee in subtle ways. Example: Black Jan's character shows a lawrence resident during the massacre: "Where is your army? Who are we to fight?" Who are we to fight? (The shot then changed to a trio of Confederate Standing Stand, doing nothing to stop the carnage while the voice continues) You are all the cowards! "Who are the finest, really? Little touches like that really improves the movie's good. <br /> There is no big sparkling area in the story, something that can not be said at the prince of Glory movie, which was fundamentally Fiction in the context of the great events it followed.There are some minor issues including the fact that the years as shown in the events represented by adding up. But you never notice this. A major curiosity is the fact that only African -American man-at-arm character in the film is the slave cazi fight for Jake and his Confederation bushwhackers. It is true that some blacks have fought for the Confederation out, including a person who follows Lawrence for Quantrill before The assault (who would suspect him?) Even if this black rebel is a fascinating character (regardless of African American PCs might think of it), not a black infantry unit that appeared in the movie, which would have more represen in black experience in the Western CW. One of the first black regiments in CW was was born alive in Kansas (not the murderer of the Senator Jim Lane, and before the 54th March .. Reg. In fame was organized), and black troops in battles like Baxter Springs, KS, played a crucial role. <br /> There is no historical irrigation error. Well, realistic action, which is infrequently and not grateful. Good Direct. This film can not be another blockbusters of recent Civil War, but it's the clean job of any.
