Taiwan Lee director, whose previous films include 'sense and sensibility' and 'ice storm', turned to the U.S. Civil War for his latest features. Based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, he followed the exploits of a group of south guerrillas, known as bushwhackers, as they fought the North equivalent, jayhawkers in the jungle in Missouri. As one might expect, there are lots of visceral actions, but the focus is on the tension that the war puts on the young men who fought it - many of them fought against their former neighbors and even the family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is like a man, or rather, boy, as it is only seventeen when the war comes to Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his countrymen and becoming a unionist, he joins his friends ever Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with the bushwhackers. Despite a lack of acceptance because of his ancestors and a unwillingness to participate in the murder of unarmed people, he remains loyal to the cause. So his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave freed by another bushwhacker and this battle for the South. <br /> <br /> Lee handles the topic with aplomb, never sounding the deep intrusions of the quest scheme in favor of action and this film conferencing in a sense of the reality of the war - long period of boredom and waiting to interrupt with occasional flash of intense screaming battles. The action is unglamorised and admirable, recognizing that both sides commit a large number of atrocities. <br /> <br /> Performance is superb, with both Maguire and Wright both courage and dignity. Up-and-coming Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is particularly cooled as a cold-blooded killer, while Skeet Ulrich is enjoyable and arrogant. Lee never flinchs from the reality of war, but his actor does an admirable job in showing the good out of it - the growth of friendship, the demonstration of courage and, to a wider scale, the emancipation of people rise up. Ride with the devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that regularly tracks but always moves the audience.
