<br /> In an anticipation of Ang Lee's film "Tiger Couch, Hidden Dragon," I saw this in blockbuster and figured I'd give it a try. A civil war film is not the typical movie I watch. Luckily, I had a good feeling about this director. This beautiful movie was written. The dialogue is in the old south style, yet not sounding cornily out of place and outdated. Acting acting has helped that aspect of the movie. Toby Maguire was awesome. I thought it was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here it shines. I always thought of Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here it is excellent as well. The great concussion for me was jewelry. It was amazingly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I have never heard of before, is excellent in this movie. It seems to me that great acting and great writing and directing go hand in hand. A movie with bad writings makes the actors look bad and visa versa. This movie has the perfect combination. The actors look glossy and the character development is spectacular. This film keeps you wanting and hopes good for some and bad things for others. It allows you to really get to know the characters, which are all very dynamic and interesting. The scheme is complex, and keep you on the edge of your place, guess, and ready for anything at any time. Literally dozens of times I was sure someone was going to get killed on the silent part of the film that was "too quiet" (brilliantly directed). This was also a beautifully shot movie. The scenery did not breath (It's Missouri and Kansas for sakez goodness) but there was plenty of attention to picking up the great nature setting. There is a rough and rugged feel, but keeps a distinction, which is very pleasing to the eyes. The movie was deep. She told a story and did so to think. He had underneath the outer world civil war. Specifically, it focuses on two characters that were not quite sure what they were fighting for. There were many more deep issues faced with in this movie, too many to pick out. It was like a very brief writing story, filled with symbols and extra artistic thinking that leaves you thinking during and after the story. If you like great acting, writing, lots of action, and some of the best ever, watch this movie! Take a chance on it.
