Easy 9 out of 10 for a movie by our director will continue to grow to admire. But do not watch this movie waiting to be "entertained." Ang Lee takes a targeted look at a relatively unexplored aspect of the Civil War. What's nice about the movie, like all Lee's movie, is that it's not "side" with her character. It creates characters, defines them with life, problems, and ambiguities ... and provides them with a reality that often strikes far closer to home than with which much they are comfortable. This movie has action, but not for the lover's action since the violence is deeply disturbing and far from free ... so as the characters, it is real. And as you expect on one of the world's most terrible wars, the violence is terrible. But as an exploration of the largest human being ambivalent that remained in the Civil War, it is a prince. Was the war on slavery with an abolitionism? Lee seems to want to blur that line has made so popular in reputation as Blue and Gray. Neither is idealism, though, as seen in Gone and Wind. It is about freedom, about the desire to have something that is for you and to fight for it. As you watch the characters, you will ask yourself "how can they fight to preserve slavery?" The fact is, I do not think they really are, and in that movie shows the problem why many were caught in the whirlwind of the Civil War. <br /> <br /> The reality seems clear that many of the characters we learn about are fighting from the sense of loyalty to "home" even though they can never examine what the home represents or if they really value it them. The latter scenes are very moving and yet subtle. Jake and Daniel are other examples of loyalty to the boundaries. But when the tension is finally tied, and these characters find themselves suddenly "free" ... we see the birth of new men. <br /> <br /> All this mixed in with beautiful Lee incorporation in the human environment with breathtaking perspectives and frames. Lee has a style that is her, somehow European in her "art" (a slow, unrushed camera), Asian in its epic and the history development, and yet somehow familiar and easily find the many North Americans. /> <br /> Relax, let go of your caution about what the Civil War, what the "west" as a genre is, what a war movie should be ... and let Ang Lee take you to a So brittle so, so hard, so real that some of us can comfortably see it. <br /> <br /> In this, Lee continued to be forced into ice storms. Again, the movie is slowly popping up with "apparently" noticeable ... a sign signing in Lee's ability to direct without "imposing" itself on the story or screen. Its direction is amplified by what it carries out of jewelry (yes, the singer), a pre-actress pre-actress who put in an amazing performance. A movie for those who love films and are not lovers of Hollywood standard season.
