I watched this movie twice now on DVD, and both times he did not fail to impress me with its unique mood. It looks more like an illustration of reality than most other Hollywood fare, especially on a topic that is always hot to discuss. Though it closely matches the South's views, it does not weaken its question, and at the end of the sentence only happened is that the war is lost, no matter what, and cruelty is a common denominator. What's really done this movie is the over-dramatized refusal. Nowadays good movies (in a nutshell) are few and far apart, and the mainstream prices being enjoyable (if you do not have great expectations), but terribly commercial fearless. I think this film comes as a really good movie (without a masterpiece), because it sticks to itself, and gives the viewer a chance to look and analyze it, instead of wanting to bombard him with effects and Emotion clogs out his intelligence. This film is cool, vigilant, and generally the light of its judgment, which is a good thing. The story has its flaws, especially jewel jewelry comes in doubtful, but then again the situation at the time was so chaotic, that for a young widow he might have been only logical to somehow get back in a normal life, even by liberally taking each other guys. Still it does not come as weak, in fact I think he's one of the strongest characters, he's always in control of their relationship, and the guys just tagging. And I take it very grateful that it's not a crying widow. I believe in the death of the 19th century a loved one was something a lot more normal than now. You can die even in minor diseases and injuries, so the prospect of dying, while surely causing sorrow, did not traumatize people like it does now. People do not seem to build temples on their loss as they do now, and I love that attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is for smart people to watch this movie, if they are in the mood for something different than the usual Hollywood fare. Do not look for unwanted actions or emotions.
