One of the less widely used applause in the recent action of the current Gojoe period is the first slow and often curious, but overall very terrific offering, interesting, coherent and beautiful. I am sad to say that virtually nothing in the Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and legend surrounding this film its deeper meaning is lost on me, but even without knowledge of this context is always wealthy fare, taking a traditional fantasy structure of a higher plane plan. The story is in Benkei, a mighty monk and maybe demons seeking enlightenment by destroying the devil at Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, himself a mortal seeker after his own plane, but this time power of the spirits. So the movie becomes a problem of illusion and in the case of Benkei, vassilion, a conflict in which the real objective is self knowledge, for Benkei coming to terms with his true nature and for Prince Shanao coming face to face and the nature of what it seeks to become. Benkei is even more introverted here by the fact that his black nature makes him basically at odds with the world, even when not in open conflict he's never at ease. Director Sogo Ishii handles this one as an epic, with measuring speed, still camera stylish and often frantic, without neglecting the need for more sedate moments to quench the location, there is also great use of lighting and fog to provide a Atmospheric atmosphere, there is a time of great fantasy of the movie, but outside of the obvious supernatural times it is a fantasy down and room with more periods falling than the fancy flight. The cinematography of Makoto Watanbe is important here, vivid and detailed, a wealthy evocative affair. Actingwise Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious savanna such as Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has a drive, cold arrogance as Prince Shanao. In driving Masatoshi Nagase judges things as an ordinary person, clever and cynical but still unaware of just exactly what kind of stakes are. The movie all fits together well, it is however a goat touch at times, it starts slowly, some shots are a little drawn out and the epic battle scenes at times go longer than strictly necessary. As for the battle it is frenetic filters rather than for current movements, it has artistic impact but can deceive regular action fans, often hidden in objects, flashing blades and fast moving people, tornadoes and deadly forces of the enemy are the order In the day, it has been invigorating to look at the end I could do with a little more traditionalism. There are some unfortunate blood cgi as well, it's a bit work in the context but is still distracted. Overall though I find this to be a very beautiful movie, it's not one for regular action fans or martial arts enthusiasts seeking another Azumi, rather a deeper and more mysterious creature, and in particular it will not go down well and fans of the more generic wing of such fare. But as for myself it really hit the spot and for those more adventurous inclined he might do so too. Well recommended at any rate.
