This movie rate as one of the most favorite 10 top movies. Many people see it for the first time and little know about many of the themes in the film probably will not understand why I find it so enthralling so I will try to explain ... very rich in historical details and cultural, cultural and while having a few minor anchors, they are completely forgiven. The story is an answer to the famous duel between Benkei of Monk and Prince Yoshitsune's young Prince on Gojo Bridge. During the battle under legend Yoshitsune Bests Benkei and the monk became loyal to the prime candidate. This film is a review of this story however and involves war, bold propaganda, and political maneuvers. One of the main themes of the movie is "Mappo", which is the prophecies by the Buddha after 1000 years of instruction it would fail and the world would fall into disarray. He believed in Heian Japan, after the eruption of Mt Fuji and the civil war between the Taira (Heike) and the Minamoto (Genji) that the world would fall into lawlessness and everything would fall. It's a time of evil spirits. <br /> <br /> Next you have the way in which the film solves the problem of Yoshitsune's sword formation by the Tenku (Raven Goblin) at Karuma. Defeat the tribes often escaped from the mountains and disguise themselves as demons scare the locals off. This was said to be where NINJA started historically. Yoshitsune's deposition of Gojo nicely accommodates all of this. Then there are Benkei, with the various Buddhist tension shows, including a lot of esoteric Buddhism in the Shingon settlement. These all represent very well, and just add a little extra, the movie manages to transmit the power of meditation and energy into a way that makes it integral to the story, meaning it uses magic realism to add an extra dimension to the movie but it's a way to make it tactful and aggressive. <br /> All-in-all it's full of fascinating tidbits and amazing true-to-life rings for the period. The scenery and costumes are also completely indisputable and very authentic. The soundtrack is great, very brooding and threatening. I also thought that the current performance act was amazingly good. Benkei is a big anti-hero brooding, Shanao (Yoshitsune) is depicted as a young man testing his limit and growing increasingly drinking on his own power, and Tetsukichi Sword-smith's performing and showing interesting in the "common man" and it less than complimentary opinion of the assassins who fascinated themselves his social best. As on the plot, to see why it is so good, I really suggest you dig an old book on Japanese history and see how this response turns a Robin Hood almost lighthearted against Little John's story into a fantastic story of intrigue, violence and demonic quarries.
