The Ogre does not seem to have won itself a very good reputation since its release in 1988, and I guess a reason to get down to the fact that he gave the subtitles '3 demons' in order to help him sell better. Well, the film is directed by Lamberto bava; The man behind the first two demons, films and ogres and demons are somewhat similar (in that they're both 'monsters' anyway) ... but other than that, this movie has no connection and the other two films. It is, however, rather good! Italian movies are famous for popular movie screens, and while it's not completely obvious; It seems to me that this one has taken a fair bit of influence from Hellraiser. The draw focuses on a female terrorist writer who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. He is haunted by memory from when he was a kid and found a living Ogre in his basement. It's not long after entering the castle before these visions return ... and it may be more than just a coincidence as it comes to believing that there is a living organist living in the basement. The movie was obviously injected on a budget and was made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but for what it is, this is certainly a very decent movie horror movie. Lamberto bava can not have as keen an eye as his father Mario did; but it takes time to build a foreboding atmosphere that really compliments the movie well. The central setting, a huge mansion, makes the perfect place for a story like this to take place in and Lamberto to do the best of it; even if it does involve tearing the film at times; such as the Inferno-style pool scene. The plot itself is not quite as good as the atmosphere as several scenes are drawn from far too long and the relationship between the characters is rather strange (particularly between the husband and wife). There is not a big deal of blood flow, but Bava does get a little with special effects. The Ore itself looks really amazing and it's a good job that we do not get to see it very often. We boil down into a tight, though very predictable, and end up in general I must say that this film is better than expected and comes up with recommended.
