Well, before we review, I must ask: why is not listed individually? It may have been simply a TV article in Italy, but international Lamberto Bava fans are its own. In America this film is distributed on VHS and DVDs as either the "Ogre" or "Demon 3". Yes, I know he has nothing to do with "demons" apart from a cast member and the crew. But yes, I personally was upset that this was so difficult to find on this site that is so so helpful. <br /> <br /> Finally, let's review the "Ogre". I saw the trailer for this much time on YouTube and honestly find that rather scary. The film itself (it is characteristic length, therefore makes it a movie) has many very strong parts and manages to scare. I was upset by the recent act, but over the whole I do not regret having bought the DVD before seeing it (available at Shreek Show). I guess the movie's television background explains the latest act. I will not give any deflators. The draw is somewhat unfamiliar: an American horror writer's vacation in a former Spooky castle with husband and son only to find it exactly similar to the environment of his childhood dreams. There is distressing echoes of the "shining", but this is a distinctive feature of supernatural horror. The woman (Virginia Bryant) finds more and more evidence that this is the real place of life in his nightmares, but her husband will not believe it. Great atmosphere and horror follow. <br /> <br /> The multiple nightmarish sequences were very freaky. Some good-sound effects have been reminiscent of a small uncle Frank Frank from the first "Hellraiser". There are also a few good shocks and a well done underwater scene. I give them accessory that the film never stooped to imitate American films and similar concepts, namely "A Nightmare on Elm Street". The "Ogre" is an original one. And the monster itself was a scary one, when it was presented correctly. <br /> <br /> On the Shriek DVD show has a Bava Lamberto interview in which it is to mention that this is not part of its classic "Demon" series. He also provided a lot of credits to the real mansion in which the movie was filmed. Indeed, this environment contributes greatly to the film. Music at Simon Boswell also helps. <br /> There are lots of good things here. The "Ogre" is not perfect, but it is very worth seeing. Take it a smaller Lamberto success bava.
