For anyone who has not seen this movie again, I have a friendly warning: do not look "La Casa dell'Orco" waits any demons at all, because you will not find them here. This film is not a third installment of the "Demons" series and it has nothing to do with it whatever, except the fact that Lamberto Bava directs them. As a matter of fact, Michele Soavi of the "Church" is also known as an "demon 3" official and is a deceptive title in this case as well, so go figure. It is obvious that due to successful movie success "demons"; They tried to deceive the audience and deceive titles, though it is obvious that this is a disconnected story. Having said that, I think it's unfair to the other, saying "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth the look. Honestly, the film is quite atmospheric and even though there are a few hilarious situations, I thought it was really crap about the whole. But I think it's just to say that the story somehow try to emulate Lucio Fulci in "the house by the cemetery". Of course, just a speculation I have, but I think I have valid proofs. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco is the man of the family, in both films, has a disappointing son son called Bobby, in both films, the woman in the house is a pretty thirty-something, which seems to be the only one to see that there's something really wrong in the new home, and in both films, there's something really, really wrong going on in the basement. I'm sorry but I can report both movie very easily and I do not say that as an allegation. For the contrary, my point is that people who enjoy the "home by the cemetery" will probably enjoy this movie as well, keeping in mind that course, "Casa dell'Orco" is far less pretentious, less scary, not nearly as atmospheric, but the formula still there. <br /> The "Casa dell'Orco", Charel, Tom and her husband, Bobby, go on a vacation trip to an old deserted castle, situated in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. Leave aside the beauty of the place, shortly after the arrival, Charel begins to feel that it was before, that is impossible, considering that she had never been to Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Charel can not get on his previous boot and the worst part is that his vision comes along with the image of a terrible creature that will be after it. Tom, who is not a very patient guy to start with, advised them to leave the hallucinations nonsense and enjoy the vacation. However, women's vision becomes more and more real and peaceful and quiet that they are supposed to enjoy, suddenly turning into a living nightmare. The old snake in Charel's infancy becomes real and this time, it will not be able to escape without confronting organized threats first. As expected, the scheme somehow turns out to be a bit simplistic and as a result, it's difficult to fill an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a couple of sequences that are nothing but silent and the image of the main character, walking around the castle for several minutes, repel the images from its infancy and by there is nothing else. It gets rather tedious from time to time, but in general, it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films that came from the late eighties, this film is beautifully stylish and effective, but it also offers a wonderful variety of unusual comic moments, making the movie unforgettable in a way. For example, the part of which Bubble Charel busts her husband and instead of going to her room crying as I would expect, she hits back against her by punching her on the face really hard and running away from the woods like a maniac. The fervent thing, however, is the fact that two minutes later, they are a happy couple again, as if each other's punching like that, was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's funny, but I, I found it absolutely hilarious. The Ogre (which is obviously the villain of the story) looks creepy and funny at the same time and let's face it: a villain that can wild us out and make us laugh a little, it's twice like welcome. He reminds me of Michael Jackson's "thriller," but more natural and human, of course. But if focused on the really good aspects I mentioned earlier: the music composed by Simon Boswell is one of the highlights and even though it is pretty much the same, it fits perfectly and it helps to create an atmosphere rather black during the times of tension. So if I have to give my final statement regarding this movie, I'll have to say that I can not help her love, including the small flaws and most people enjoying these Italian horror movies from the eighties late, won 'can not be disappointed by this one. It has all the typical and always well-known clichés, like crazy old men who actually speak the truth, foxy local women who are said to be a witch, a creepy castle, a huge dark basement and a terrible secret Local sites that try to prevent the tourists from hostility, are far from the infamous land. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs and a punch in your spouse's face, as a way to pay tribute to the heroine of the story. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
