For the films such as `Anchors Aweigh ', some have been awarded with many Academy Awards Award for a Happy Hour. Either 1945 was a beleaguered year for good films or was still suffering from shock by Billy Wilder at 'The Weekend Objects' that they had written anything to start with A on the ballot for the best photos, please always keep the music still loyal to the public. Since Gene Kelly has been nominated for this performance instead of her role in 'singin' in the rain ', then there was something wrong with behind the rigging system MGM systems. Of course, the studio is on its best behavior during this great trip to the big studios and in Hollywood itself, handy for people stuck on the other side of the world. But a costume of singer music and brilliant talent in Gene and Frank Sinatra is certainly an enjoyable masquerade, despite the need for more people to give in to the forecasts for the music so audiences today should not be slapped with an unnecessary exit. There were many pieces long before and since, but in that case all Kathryn Grayson's good guys were eliminated. Until looking at 'kiss me Kate' it may have been necessary enthusiasts who do not opera to watch any of her films and remote control at hand. If there was a need to practice picking up women for the '1949' city, then perhaps the shore let sailor likely did not have to promise an audition with Jose Iturbi and strikes up the piano for an entire ' Susie 'pronounced. Some have the chance to get a screen test in the gold studio at MGM. Then some are just likely to be attending. There is no regret to be had on the successful screen tests of Susan Abbot or Kathryn Grayson, but it does endlessly enthusiastic hopes that do not operate for eventually the pink slip to be released from both. But for all, the star talent is good shape with an average score above the cast with a slight but great fun maroon tide and young ambitious silly boys good for bursts of delay in moral time, Anchors at least not asking the movie picking MGM wrong. The direction holds as the cast brings the story into beautiful color cinematography. Whenever a person bursts into music or songs, the movie makes for a joyful occasion. The natural show of the movie is Gene Kelly's adventure in a fantasy land, climaxing in a brilliant dance with the Jerry Mouse. This is a well-deserved number of Kelly's career, and it's nice to know she thought of it before Fred Astaire began to dance on walls and ceilings. It does not exactly sit in a triple taste, rainbow packed, chocolate, cream and cherry with bananas split sundae, but it is a solid square in sugar that somehow eventually melted in your mouth and despite the culprit is always a feeling Pleasant. Rating: 7/10
