"Anchors Aweigh" is the MGM classic product of music production music, and all over the movie is all enjoyable ?? Good music by Jule Styne and others, excellent dancing by Gene Kelly (and even a work by Frank Sinatra), and a comedy rhythm that is well-written. The only major element I would criticize should be filed in Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in a movie is still meant to be the audience being undergoing endless pseudo-operatiel warbling from the Miss Petite. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a naval Serviceman named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation around the ship as a lover, but whose Valentino-charms are still submits by the presence of friends less cocksure and The name of the American name Clarence (Sinatra). Having received 3 days of shore leave for Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agreed to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious property that he must have something to save his life. They were shot by a policeman (Ragland Ragland), who needs to help coax a young cautionary boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the navy in returning to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). At first it is Clarence who is interested in wozing "Aunt Susan" but eventually Kelly's character appears as the most likely candidate. <br /> There are several musical exception scenes but nothing to come close to Kelly's famous works of films such as "Singin 'in the Rain" and "Americans in Paris". The closer we get is a gimmicky character and Kelly's character in a fantasy dancing sequence with Jerry, the mouse in "Tom and Jerry" (although it seems closer to the size of a dog or cat here than a mouse). It's an amazing sequel for its time, but it does not have enough complexity or emotions to really stand the test in time. I actually liked the parts in the sequence before the animation, where Kelly used semi-ballet movement to emphasize the transition to the fantasy world and where we see it dance down a tunnel that looks something right from "Alice in Wonderland". Eventually the characters find their way to Susan's favorite bar, a somewhat sanitized Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana. The customers have happily enabled Mrs. Grayson's curious Aria and abandoned, and management has become very excited about the opportunity that Clarence and Joe have extended to sing with their "friends" Jose Iturbi (playing himself with a light touch funny). Of course they never meet "Friends" Iturbi and spend much of the film's length trying to get him (in a fun movie theater scenario to meet Iturbi but his mistake for a piano tuner and encourage him to abandon piano tuning and try a professional career), sneak into the studio with the Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi is rehearsing a surreal symphony including dozens of young piano players ?? you have not seen anything like this outside of "1000 finger at Dr. T". Iturbi itself is a kind of God's figure in the history ?? It represents the opportunity to deliver from the drudgery to unfulfilling work and the possibility of fame and artistic achievement for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure as soon as Mr. Iturbi so hears Mrs. Ms. Grayson, his operational career will be a reality. The 3 main characters are desperate to reach him, and think of it as some kind of remote and distant future figures ?? a lot of the film's charm and humor come from the contrast of this very-perceptible earthly "real" perception of the maestro. And speaking about Iturbi's contribution to the film, he also provided a very interesting music and interpretation of his or her "Serenade Donkey". <br /> <br /> When all was said and done, this is a movie that nobody is enjoying the musicals will want to miss. The majority of the music was written for this movie, a beautiful contrast to Soundtracks recycled to other Kelly Opel as "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still in her early picks, adventures and fortunes of both her dance and her interpretation of the character. The Sinatra's voice is never in the best shape and has rarely been the best song for singing. Stockwell is a good addition to the family, and Grayson's character is endearing when it's not positioned on stage. Iturbi adds well-based but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic MGM-era music. This is one of the best ones.
