Although in my opinion this is one of the youngest musicals in star Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director of George Sidney, a smaller music featuring anyone from which line-up is nothing in the sneeze , and in conjunction, the line-up makes Anchors Duty a very good movie despite its flaws. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, from Marine men. As the movie begins, they're just pulling in the Los Angeles area for some need much. Brady plans to visit a girlfriend named Lola. Doolittle is still a bit wet behind the ears, adequately enough, and she seeks advice on women from Brady's private (publicly, scriptwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney have all the Navy's comic exaggerated abilities and women with each other). Brady promises to help get Doolittle hooked up, but primarily because Doolittle will not let her alone otherwise. A rogue puts in the plans when local police are basically forced to help with a boy who is obsessed with the navy. He will not give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps her with Doolittle to finish taking the boy back home. When the boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson), finally shows up, Doolittle goes to Gaga for her. Brady is trying to convince him to forget about it; Brady just wants to get back to Lola. But they continue to get coaxed back to Abbott's house, and eventually something in a loving triangle shape. The things become more complicated when Brady lies on Doolittle to know a famous musician, Jose Iturbi, who is residing in a movie studio, and claims that Doolittle has established an audition for Abbott, who is a singer and actress, before Iturbi. <br /> Because of the story, the music is a strange combination of musical militarists - because of the Marine lamp, obviously, Broadway Pop - which stars tend to sing in the more informal environment, Abbott's character's excellent character, Liberace-like classic folk - Iturbi did, and Mexican music - because Abbott often a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican section of LA The combination does not work as well as it could. Many of the songs are good, and everyone involved is certainly talented as a singer or musician, but the genre tends to lose sight. Worst, there is a couple exhibit for Iturbi, who was apparently a great star of the time, effectively bringing the plot to a stand and seeming more than a bit hokey at this point in time. I just watched another movie that had happened to outstanding music, Kansas City's Robert Altman (1996), but that misguidedly stopped the draw occasionally turned into a concert movie. Anewigh Aweigh takes a similar tactic. Yes, this is a music, but there's a difference between songs that are pushing and integral to the plot and concert concerts that look like material contractual obligations. There are also some draw problems. It is not very well established why Brady is so against Doolittle's pursuit of Abbott. We can guess that Brady thought Doolittle should not become involved with someone who has to take care of a kid, and those who look relatively "inappropriate" and traditional, but on the other hand, Brady can say that Doolittle does not have the same The same thing is the disposition of Brady's admittance to himself. Abbott looks like a good fit for Doolittle, and In addition, Lennart works hard to establish that Brady just wants to get Doolittle from her hair and get on with Lola's meeting - it seems that Brady's character should be quickly embarrassing Doolittle cut off any candidate, if it is a good fit or not. This might seem like a minor detail, but it's actually the hinge for about a third to half of the plot. The story also looks a bit drawn. Length is a problem. An aweigh anchors, clock in about two hours and twenty minutes, should be cut by at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> The higher the sound of sound as I complained about the film too much justified an 8. I just wanted to stress what I see as flaws, because the conventional wisdom of Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea that it does not have any flaws. Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charisma, separately and together. They turn into good, exciting performances. Sinatra seems to act much less than its current age at 29? 30 while shooting. She plays a really swimmer, virgin - completely different character than most of the roles it would take later, and different than her public image as a crooner. For Kelly, this was his film film, and that's why. His choreography is varied and impressive, as is his acting. Grayson is good, his performance is sophisticated understated, and it's simply gorgeous. All this helps to pass on the default imbalances with the script and draws the rhythm out. So even in a very interesting element that probably only happened because Sidney was allowed to jump on a huge variety of humor - sad Kelly dance and Jerry the mouse (in "Tom and Jerry" fame) in a fantasy sequence extended. This is one of the earliest examples of combining live action and animation, and it is very well done and enjoyable as long as you are a fan of fantasy. Fantasy fantasy tends to be the best of the movie. The matching excitement of the dance and the Jerry Mouse is a long song and dance numbers featuring Kelly and Grayson, where Brady will imagine Abbott in a scene from a movie period while he awakens it, having to have They go to Acrobat exhibition to reach it physically as it stands on a high balcony. <br /> As uneven and flawed as the movie is, it is hugely successful and entertaining to watch. Fans of classic musical certainly should not miss Aweigh Anchors, and neither they should be Sinatra fans, who will get quite a kick from his character.
