This film (such as the AYire's ROYAL WEDDING - which has been shown on Turner Classic Network last night) is famous for a single music sequence that has a place in Gene Kelly's record: Like Fred Astaire dances with a rack and later danced around a room with ceiling and ceiling, this film had Gene Kelly dancing in a cartoon sequence with Jerry mouse. The sequence is nicely done. What is forgotten is that Kelly is telling the story behind the Dean Stockwell cartoon sequel to his fellow student at school during a break of the day, and sets the stage for the sequel to no Stockwell and the others Close the eyes and imagine a pastoral background. Kelly even changed the sailor blues she actually put in a white "Pomeranian" marine uniform with blue stripes on her. Jerry mouse does more than dance with Gene. He actually talks - a first that he did not repeat for several decades. He finally put Tom Cat in his right place - Tom briefly appeared as Jerry's King's chef, trying to cheer him with a tray of cheese. But the sequence of the cartoon and Kelly took about seven minutes to the movie. The fate of this peculiar film has taken up with Kelly's story in the furlough to lose four days in Hollywood, and how Kelly finished meeting Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) following Jesus Iturbi at the MGM movie studio, the Hollywood Bowl , and Iturbi's own home. Except that the two marines meant no harm this movie could be quite disturbing. Kelly survived the Sinatra's life in the Pacific, and is getting a medal as a result. They are both among the back equipment in California that will receive a four day leave. But the script writers (they pushed what would be a short movie - Kelly plans to spend four days having sex with one "Lola", an uninvited little girl in Hollywood) saddle Gene and Frank. It looks like Frank is one of the audiovisuals who appeared in film after movie film films (particularly music music) that socially underdeveloped and the need to "instruct" on girl meeting (or men if the characters are women). Frank insists that Gene helps "teach her" how to get a girl. Just then a policeman takes them to the headquarters to help the cops and a little boy (Stockwell) who insist on joining the marine (and will not give cops its real name and address). When a prosecuting Kelly can get this information from Stockwell by asking him some straight questions (which the cops could not ask), they insisted Kelly take home the boy to his aunt (Grayson). Still protesting, Kelly gets saddled with increasingly complicated problems (mainly due to the sinister simplistic look of the soul). She misses Lola the next day does not sleep late - Sinatra felt she looked so sleepy peace she did not wake her up. She keeps stealing back to Grayson's home, as Sinatra feels she's the right woman for herself, but she needs Kelly to train her in love doing. <br /> I suppose my presentation in the draw can be fan of annoying ANCHORS AWEIGH, but I get this kind of disappointing story. While singing and dancing with musical concerts in Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson, and Iturbi are the first percentage, it's annoying to have taken the idiots of someone like Sinatra's characters seriously. In the real world, Kelly would have to beat the hell from him at the beginning to follow it at the beginning of the four-day furlough - that his right to insist (as sinatra do) that a lifesaver should help on learning how to date? This kind of crap always breaks the total impact of a music for me - unless the music numbers are so superior as to make me forget this kind of nonsense. Kelly tries to get Grayson like Sinatra when she says Sinatra can find her a meeting with Jose Iturbi at his singing ability. For many of the remainder of the photo the Katrina and Kelly try to do this, and keep floundering (at one point - for no reason really good - Grayson himself to break Kelly's attempt to get an interview at MGM and Iturbi). It is only absolute luck (which Iturbi feels sorry for an embarrassing Grayson) that he makes it a audition in his talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, ends with Grayson. Sinatra's consciousness was not able to help her see Iturbi made him shame of leaning him (but did not pull Kelly into it, oddly enough) and he meanwhile accidentally dropped to meet a waitress (Pamela Britton) from his native Brooklyn. And of course, without any assistance from Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fell in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not "screenwriting" necessarily!
