The United States was still fighting the Second World War (the film was released in between days of VE and VJ days). Any studio worth its salt was either making cinema fighting where fearless American soldiers defeated the enemy, or Americans in general were singing and dancing. Technicolor Musicals were what America was thriving on in the depressing days when everything was rationed. Most musicals of the day were simply a bunch of musical numbers nervous along with the best available slip scheme to complete time to the next number of music! I get the feeling now that the reviewers of this movie were all born after 1970. Depressing how quickly we forget. This film could be called "The Search for Jose Iturbi" but now everyone is wonderful why. Allow me to explain. From 1929 - to his arrival in America - until his death in 1980, Iturbi was one of the finest pianists in favor of a concert stage. She agreed to make a few movies in 1942, but Hollywood was after her for almost a decade of that time. Not only an excellent pianist, but a successful conductor as well, Iturbi was very much a word in the home for over 40 years. <br /> <br /> The scenes in which Iturbi and 17 other pianists play one of the Rhapsodies Liszt planned early on - and have not anyone ever noticed the other pianists all were kids? Joe Pasternak, who produced this film and many other MGM musicals, credited Iturbi and America's exciting jazz in classical music. Grayson wants an audition with Iturby in the movie was not unlike real life at the time. Everyone wanted Iturby back then. The joke among the soldiers was that "GI" meant "Find Iturby" (he did a lot of concerts in military bases). Gene Kelly was a great dancer and Frank Sinatra an excellent singer, but at the time this movie made Sinatra was barely 30 and was only under the Columbia Record record for four years. Kelly was already well known as a dancer, but Iturbi was not then a global sensation of bread for 20+ years. And as the lack of a draw, Americans did not need to draw. They were tired of war, being ill and scared for their loved ones, and worrying about the future. They needed early and hopeful and assured that things would work out fine in the end. They needed music and smile with joy and romance. This movie with others like it just delivers what was needed. <br /> <br /> Ase lecture. Mouse dances aside, the best scene in the movie occurs between Sinatra and Iturbi and each of them "ignorant" compliments the other music. <br /> <br /> If you have any interest in Jose Iturbi, the Spanish who has conquered more in America than De Soto, Cortez, and De Leon joined together, please drop by my website, www.joseiturbi.com , where you can find a scheme summary, extracted from the movie "Review of the Day" with this photograph and certain other MGM music in the 1940s, as well as a biography and discography in Iturbo. <br /> <br /> Trout
