Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two seafarers, who have a four-day shore congestion in Hollywood. Joe knows everything about girls and can not wait to see Lola, while Clarence is shyer and needs some advice from friends her about how to meet girls .They then run into a little boy, Donald Martin, who ran away in order to join the navy.To take him home and meet beautiful His Susan, who wants to be a singer.Clarence wants Susie to be his girlfriend, but his shyness gets to the way.But it does not feel shy and a waitress, who is from Brooklyn , as it does. Joe Joe notice it is in love with Susie.The boys in a row when they slept Susie in meeting with a great time music producer they do not even know. As they are in a row with their feelings.George Sidney The Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Some Kelly is top-notch, once again, in his singing and dancing routine. Sinatra's trump is terrific as guy She's shy from Brooklyn. If it's not the first thing that comes to mind when you think of Frank Sinatra, but she plays her part well. Kathyn Grayson is fantastic as Susan Abbott.We Malere loses this gifted actress and singer soprano surgery last month at age 88. Dean Stockwell's 9-year-old amazingly worked as little of fellow wants to become a fisherman. Today Iturby does great job to make himself. It's magic that he does with piano.Edgar Kennedy to play Chief of Police Station.Sara Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse.There are a lot of great things in this movie with some fantastic songs and dancing numbers. Just look at Kelly and Sinatra do "We hate to leave" .It's so much Energetic "If you knew Susie (like I know Susie)" is quite funny. It's a nice moment when Frank Sing Brahms' Lullaby little Dean Stockwell.It's nice to listen to the Grayson Song Tango "Louvre" .The True Circle memorable is the one that takes in the animated fantasy world, and there are Gene singing and dance with Jerry mouse.Also Tom Cat is seen g as the Butler. An original as Ked Mickey Mouse but he refused The film was nominated for five Oscars but Georgie Stoll had one for Original Music Score. Aweigh's engines are some high class entertainment.
