ANCHORS AWEIGH saw the young marine bridegroom, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), finding a special day four days of shore. Desire to get to the girls, particularly Lola Joe, Joe and Brooklyn figures on Little Donald Donald's interruption (Dean Stockwell) and Susie Matant (Kathryn Grayson). Inexperienced in the ways of women and courts, Brooklyn quickly array Joe helps her win Aunt Susie. Along the way, however, Joe finds himself falling for the galley he thinks to be his best friend. How will Brooklyn get this betrayal? Did Joe finish with Susie, who likes him too? <br /> <br /> First and second I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I also saw it at the same time as I did on the TOWN, Kelly / Sinatra's collaboration from 1949. Both times I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH was the best film in terms of plot and structure - all the dance and songs fit the moment of the draw, and they developed characters and stories rather than hindering them. But both times I came to feel that the TOWN is the best movie in general. Having seen both movie a third time, I still stand in this trial. Somehow on the TOWN, as a movie and a piece of entertainment, is just lighter, gay, peppers and simply * happier *. The numbers are more outrageous and less integral to the scheme, and yet somehow it works better than all the dances and songs of ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not sure why this is. The typical argument is that the letter film is over-long: at almost two and a half hours, this is certainly a valid criticism. I certainly felt the length of the first time I saw it! However, it's also a movie that grows on you - the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the mastery technique involved in doing it. And yet, something just does not hang along right. It feels almost as if the script has been pored over, and * every * one moment when Kelly could break into dance or the singing song was noted, and that's exactly what happened. No opportunity to shoehorn a musical number of gave up ... and that's probably the biggest movie weakness. It has 16 numbers (give or take a few), and no matter how big a fan you are in Kelly or Sinatra, this really starts turning one momentum after a while. (Conversely, for example, with the ten numbers on the ground.) You might well feel that each song, every dance, can not be taken out of the film without leaving it miss ... and it's true. But this also because the writers did not more stop at adding them to the first place. <br /> <br /> All this preamble time does not mean there is nothing good about ANCHORS AWEIGH. The music * is * splashy with great songs popping out all over, such as the duets between Kelly and Sinatra ('We hate leaving', 'I pleaded with' and 'If you knew Susie'), singing The Face of the Face ',' the charm of you ', and best of all,' I fall in love too easy '), and without a doubt always inventive, still breathtaking dancing in Kelly. It's also hard to miss with a throw in this caliber. Grayson is sweet and looks enhanced on every look (her voice becomes stunning rather than scary); The role of Jose Iturbi is sympathetic and does a great deal of work; even Brooklyn clean Clarence, Pamela Britton, is beautiful and good ... as close as one could get Betty Garrett without Garrett himself! Sinatra is adorable with these blue eyes and curls in her, and plays the innocent boy-lovely person (a role she revised on the TOWN). His song is, as usual, simply imperfection from ads in distribution and phrasing. His solo number might seem to drag a little, but when you've got the voice of a century, show it is probably as good a reason as any slow down the rest of the movie! <br /> <br /> Kelly's absolute genius genius in this movie deserves its own paragraph. Third of the bill behind Sinatra and Grayson, respectively, ANCHORS AWEIGH really is Kelly's film. Joe Brady is a credible, real character - it's tough on the outside, glib and wanting to lie when needed to win a gall, but it's actually the biggest softy on the inside. Kelly does this good rather than cloying, but also gives Joe a real corner that you see in the scene when Joe chases Brooklyn in the room with a really looking look at his face and his breakfast tray in his hand, . And * Dancing * - again, the movie suffers from 'excessive to a good spoiled syndrome effect, as it does with the Sinatra song. But once again, if it's Gene Kelly does the softshoe, or tap across the screen to equip a sailor or dress up as a bandit bandwidth ... might as well mistake on the side of overdoing it! All Kelly's dance is breathtaking, be it pared-down simplicity in his pipe number and Sinatra 'I asked her,' Mexican Hat Dance 'and sweet little-little girl' La Cumparsita '. Of course, the classic image left in the mind 's heart forever would be Kelly in his red, white and blue suit, dancing with Jerry Mouse in' Tom & Jerry 'fame. A well deserved gold film, to be sure - it's not often that one can say you're impressed by the special effects of a movie made in 1945, providing CGI saturation in the contemporary movie market. But Gene and Jerry still look great, and Kelly always strikes his job and looks exactly where he needs to look. He * would * turn out that just about the only people who can really keep up with Gene Kelly would be Kelly himself (in COVER girl) with a cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> It is meaningless that this first daring, invented Kelly dance and Jerry has reserved a place for AWEIGH ANCHORS in film history and the hearts of classic movie enthusiasts. But it's also remarkable for being the first of three Kelly / Sinatra movie collaborations, and though rather too drawn-out, still a couple of hours of entertainment. Look at it first, then again and maybe again - it will grow on you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
