Published a few months before the end of the war, "Anchors Aweigh" is one of Gene Kelly's triumphant triumphs in the quarantine ?? <br /> On the direction of George Sidney, he has the benefits of a beautiful note, and best of all the services of Gene Kelly in his first true role starting at MGM ?? The previous year, "Girl Cover" Columbia, has revealed an innovative approach to dancing on the screen, a lively but enjoyable voice, with considerable charm at "Anchors Aveigh," although it was billed to Frank Sinatra and Kathryn company Grayson, he was laying the solid base for his most revealing year at MGM ?? <br /> The movie's history, a kind of circle runs for "on the city" four years later, follows the marine Kelly and Sinatra on shore shore, passing the Hollywood holidays, where they become involved in the affairs of an aspiring singer ( Grayson) and his little nephew (Dean Stockwell). Grayson, she appears, puts her heart on an audition with conductor-pianist Jose Iturbi ?? It becomes the audition, of course; Kelly gets Grayson after some misunderstandings; and Sinatra, had forgotten to be shy, and had lost her heart to a girl from Brooklyn (Pamela Britton). The plot is conventional for the period but, regrettably, it now seems barely tolerable ?? But there is Gene Kelly, who dominates the movie with her enjoyable personality ?? Perhaps it grins too much, but when is allowed to dance, the movie finally lifts the ground ?? <br /> <br /> "I asked her," her early song and dance with Sinatra, is fun and slightly absurd, in which she imagined herself as a bandit band in a Spanish yard , Grayson maid and a flamboyant dance flamboyant with some athletic athletes ?? He also made a good Mexican dance with little Sharon McManus in the square of a Mexican regulation in Los Angeles? The highlight of the movie, however, is Kelly's famous dance and cartoon character Jerry the mouse (in the "Tom and Jerry" fame). Delightful and innovative, he skillfully combines live action and animation in his story of a sad mouse king who refuses to allow music to land him until Kelly, a sailor of the "Pomeranian navy," wearing a striped shirt and a beret, show him how to dance ?? "Look at me, I dance!" tell the king gleeful mouse ...
