D.W. Griffith was able to make any movie she wanted after the enormous financial success of "born in a nation"; she chose to make the most technically ambitious movie of this date, 'Intolerance.' It has taken a risk to the innovations of films and formats, with the well-known wreckage of the Financial Train. Buster Keaton does not take that kind of a risk and 'Three Ages,' a parody of 'Intolerance.' This is Keaton's first characteristic feature-length of his own (he only acts in the 'Saphead'). He had this plan to divide the three episodes of this movie into three separate shorts, which Griffith was do with 'intolerance.' Keaton did not have Chaplin has already succeeded with komedi-length comedy, so if Keaton took a risk here, it was completely calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin has already made an imitation of another movie, also, and 'Burlesque on Carmen' (1915) Keaton appeared ally film, as well. The battle scene of the ancient Roman era of the sword that came to a match game in the movie Chaplin. The plot of both scenes is the same, too .In addition, the film Chaplin imitates the brilliant style of Carmen DeMille, and the film Chaplin seemed a tribute to this movie Keaton does not try the editing radical, narrative or monumental structure of its parody, but it seems respectable to 'intolerance' however. At least, the stories are not completely complicated as in other post-'Intolerance 'films such as the' Dreyer's 'sheet from Satan's book' (Blade of Satans Bow, 1921) and the Destiny Fritz Lang (Der Müde Tod, 1921) Some serious jumps back and forth between episodes. <br /> < Where Keaton has taken risks, however, is in his physics, comedy daredevil. This unobtrusive Keaton fail to jump across buildings in the modern episode. Reported, he was convinced to change the scene rather than trying the jump again. And it was not just Keaton who took risks; The baseless anachron gag, for example, was rather dangerous. Thus, although in a different way, Keaton, like Griffith, took risks with his great movie. And, I think they are both in place.
