A noted cinematic phenomenon in the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars who went to actors playing characters who were either physically or mentally disabled. The first is the Marlee Matlin Award for "Children of a Better God" in 1986, and the next ten years saw another "Best Comedy" award (Holly Hunter for the "Piano" in 1994) and no less than five "Best Actor" Award (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for "Rain Man", Daniel Jou Lewis in 1989 for "Left Left I", Al Pacino in 1992 for "a Woman's Center", Tom Hanks in 1994 for " Forrest Gump "and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 to" shine ") for the portrait of the disabled people. Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is self-deaf, but everyone else can be-bodied. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon excites some negative comments at the time, and the suggestions made that these awards were given more for correcting policy than for the quality of acting. When Jodie Foster fails to win "Best Comedy" for "Nell" in 1994, some have seen it as evidence of a backlash against this sort of painter. Look at me, however, is that most of these awards are well deserved. I thought the 1992 premium would be going to either Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey rather than Pacino, but apart from that the sole and which I would agree to have Hanks, and that was because I preferred Nigel Hawthorne's performance in " The madness of King George ". In that movie, of course, Hawthorne played a character that was mentally ill. <br /> <br /> "My left foot" was based on Irish writers' autobiography and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen children of a Dublin family working in the classroom. He was born with cerebral palsy and was the first to think badly to be mentally disabled as well. It was for a long time incapable of deliberate or talkative speech, but eventually discovered that he could control the movements of a part of his body, his left foot (hence the title). He learned to write and draw by holding a piece of chalk between his toes and going to become a painter and a novelist poet and poet. The working life of the Dublin class in the thirties and quarantine would be difficult, and the city of Jim Sheridan (himself a dubliner) shows us here is in many ways a gloomy, gray, lively, very different from our normal mind the "Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Lewis Day were later cooperating on another film and an Irish term, "On behalf of the Father"). Against that, however, they must be happy with the minds of his people, especially the Brown family. Many of Christy's successes were due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be institutional and still believe in the intelligence hidden under a disguised exterior, and of his siblings. We see how his brothers used to roll him round in a specially made cart and how they helped bricklayer dad to build Christy a room in his own backyard. The movie could easily have diminished in sentimentality and ended up like just another heart-warming movie "triumph over adversity". That it is not due to a number of factors, primarily the magnificent act. In his career, Jou Lewis has given a number of fine performances, but that, along with the latest "there will be blood", is best. It's never less than 100% convinced as Christie; Torturing him, hatching and prolonged attempts to persuade us that we really are looking at someone with a disability, though, intellectually, we are well aware that Day-Lewis is able-bodied. The other performances stand out from Fiona Shaw as his adviser to Dr. Eileen Cole, from Hugh O'Conor as the young Christy and from Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother (who won her "Best Actress Trading" the award). Other <br /> <br /> The other reason the movie has sentimental sentimentality is that it does not try to synthesize its main character. Christy Brown had a hard life, but it could also be difficult to live with, and the movie gives us a "beautiful and full" portrait. He was a heavy drinker, giving bad language and tendency to do great rage. He could also be selfish and manipulative of those around him, and the movie shows us all the aspects of his character. Of course, it also shows us positive aspects-his courage, his determination and his cruel sense of humor. The act of Jou Lewis is not only physically convincing, in which he persuades us to believe in his character's disability, but also emotional and intellectual convincing, in that he carries out all the different things of Christy's character. His Oscar had been in the teeth in very strong opposition from the likes of Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but he was well-deserved. 8/10
