Daniel Day-Lewis is Christy Brown, a victims of cerebral palsy that uses "Left Foot" to write and paint in this 1989 incredible movie. The movie also includes Brenda Fricker stars as Christy's mother, Ray McAnally, Fiona Shaw and Hugh O'Conor. The brilliant performance, great script and wonderful directions by Jim Sheridan helped to paint a vivid portrait of Christy Brown, an artist and writer who died in 1981 at the age of 49. <br /> <br /> Brown was born to a lower middle-class Catholic family where his mother was still pregnant (22 total children, 13 of survivors). His father considered Christy mentally delayed as well as physical disability, but would not allow his son to enter a home. Children in the family would bid her every day as they went to school, and then her mother would feed her and talk to her. In the movie, Fricker translates the essence of a woman who, despite being surrounded by a great family, needs someone to talk to. Christy does not talk back. Eventually a cart found for her to ride in, and the kids in the neighborhood, all who knew her since she was a baby, put it in all the activities. The only part of his body that works really well is his left foot, and when the kids find out how he kicks them, they put him in football games for just this purpose. One of the beautiful parties in the movie is the way to relax in to which other children treat her. There are many powerful scenes, but no powerful as Christy writes "Mother" on the floor holding a piece of chalk between her toes. "It's a true brown," his father declares, upside down his shoulder and brings it to the pub. Walking through the pub, he announced, "My son is a genius." Things change when Christy grows older because she has the boy's desires and emotions. It develops crush, is rejected and goes further in itself, turning to paint. Eventually he entered the therapy at a nearby clinic and worked with a therapist, Eileen (Fiona Shaw) at home. She fell in love with her. When she finds it engaged, she almost goes crazy. But he continued to live, paint, write (three pounds of total) and love again. <br /> Because it's a movie, not necessity of certain things had to be left out and combined characters. Brown was not actually diagnosed with cerebral palsy for some time, which left the film. Eileen of therapist is actually a combination of three important medicinal figures in Christy's life, and even if we know that her mother believes she had a good idea, in truth, she worked very hard with Christy when she was a kid teach her the alphabet, etc. Also, before Mary, Christy had a 12-year relationship with the woman to whom she dedicated "My Left Foot." And the typical Hollywood ends, 9 years before her death where negligence by her wife may have been a factor, does not finish the story. Despite that, Christy Brown's biopsy is extremely powerful, all the more so because of two performances: Hugh O'Conor as young Christy and Daniel Jou-Lewis as Christy's adult. O'Conor's facial expressions and her body piercing cracking are gut-wrenching. One is exhausted for her and heartbroken at the same time. <br /> <br /> And what can be said about Daniel Day-Lewis, one of the greatest actors in the world - it brings Christy totally into life, a completely out person, intelligent people could swear, angry, bitter, drinking, pushing, lecherous, funny and loving. A well deserved Oscar won the same year that Tom Cruise was nominated for "Feast on the Fourth of July." I remember someone who wrote a letter to the editor where Cruise was so sensational, what was wrong with the Academy? Uh, nothing for a change. There is nothing at all. Brenda Fricker is amazing as Christy's mother, who never ceases to believe in her and what she can do and keep her family and husband together during hard times. The wonderful thing about Fricker's performance is that the support, love and ethical work seem to come naturally to the mother. The character would never consider himself a heroine or as someone to do something out of the ordinary. Fricker shows us a religious woman, but not fond of believing her work on earth to be a good wife and mother. And no matter what, even when her husband comes from work, launching her daughter out of the house for being pregnant, all she has managed. She saves Christy's wheelchair, gets her daughter's picture with the baby, and begins to build a room for Christy in the roof. All parts of one day work. A worthy performance for the Oscar he received. <br /> <br /> Brown's life was more complicated than this inspired film, but this is an amazing success not all involved with a must-see.
