DANIEL DAY-LEWIS performs a remarkable job of playing Christy Brown, the artist who grew up with cerebral palsy but managed to have a productive life, dealing successfully with his disability, becoming a respected artist and writer. The movie, however, is a very difficult to review - or even look. Fortunately, I had the caption feature of catching all spoken words that would be impossible if I saw the movie in a theater. While I respect it as a brave piece of work related to hard subjects, I can not tell it to sort of movie I want to see more than once. But my attention was made by the storyteller device, a flashback framed by the present, in which we see Christy being honored for his accomplishments before we see the flashback of his youth and his struggle to communicate with people around him, which certainly gives him love care. <br /> DANIEL DAY-LEWIS certainly is remarkable as the troubled man who fell in love with a therapist (FIONA SHAW), many of his mom's fear that when the love does not reciprocate his heart will break. There's a painstaking scene long in a restaurant where he confesses his love for others and goes to a frenzied rage after drinking too much. <br /> <br /> BRENDA FRICKER does a brilliant job as the mother takes care of her father and a little brother and sister while having difficulty keeping a roof over their heads until day- Lewis starts to be successful with his work. It completes Day-Lewis' performance as the hot-hearted mother and shares many impressions with her. <br /> <br /> Rich detailed story of a family who lived along the most unusual in circumstances and attention to detail periods of each frame of the movie. Both Fricker and Jou Lewis won Oscars, but HUGH O'CONOR and RAY McANALLY are excellent. O'Conor is Christy as a boy and McAnally is the father who spends too much time at the local pub but loves the boy. <br /> Summing up: Elmer Bernstein's music is adding more factors. Well worthwhile, but definitely not a movie for everyone.
