Jackie Chan's Classic Director of POLICE Story (1985) is one of the most influential and over-the-top actors of the police day ever from Hong Kong. Jackie wanted to simply make a movie that would include Kung Fu's usual and firearms and other "urban" actions that would later become very popular and typical among HK directors like John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE stories combine these two elements of action and style and the result is as wild as it sounds. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays Chan Ka-kui, a police officer who protects an important witness (Brigitte Lin) who would soon testify against a powerful gangster chief and his ring in criminal activity. Jackie's girlfriend is played by young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild here as it should be in his subsequent role as Heroic Trio (and the End) by Johnnie Pou, Savior of the Soul by Corey Yuen and David Lai and many others. The plot of POLICE story is very simple but it is the action why this movie was done in the first place. Jackie did all of the cascades of his character alone and also hurt himself very seriously in the stage scene, some of which are also filmed in films such as the end of which Jackie hits himself (near the eye) in a very nasty looking sharp pieces of ice. Also Jackie's cascade team almost got themselves killed during filming in this movie. The scene in which a bus stopped right in front of Jackie, spitting the kidnappers in the fast car, went really bad as the bus stopped too early and the caps did not fly as they were supposed to. They were supposed to fly on the car parked in the bus but the flights were too short and were hit by the asphalt and hospital level injuries. While the credit ends, there is a rear scene of imagery and images of the injured actors and it all looks really bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one has died or has been mildly injured. <br /> The action is more than plentiful and imaginative that can be expected (action) director Chan. The legendary bus scene now and the end of the mall scene is most likely among the heated scenes any movie action could be saved. Jackie always tells how important correction is (which is true) and it really shows off its action stage and the distributions that are perfect and make the movies look so ultra kinetic when compared to Hollywood efforts, for example. There is hardly sometime slow down here and also the exciting moments and the movie never gets boring or hard to look. But there is another negative point that I can not stand in HK action comedy, which is this comedy itself. The comedy is not comical especially when errors and amateur elements of the scenario are not in crash, but because of the writer wanted to add them there, without necessarily understanding that they are signs of bad script and stupid dialogue. I mean these scenes as murder attempts at the outset when the murderer just shouts loudly and screams and faced with acts such as a slap upsuit out of some slapsticking nightmares, and he's got to "kill" that girl. This kind of act is stupid and stupid and I would not like to see it in a movie that is otherwise very great in its own genre. Characters also talk about the thoughts that are also a sign of bad script because these "loud thoughts" have just made things clear even for the stupid viewer and thus doing things too simple and "light." Though the film is funny and not so serious, these types of sort should not be there and they can not be forgiven too easily. <br /> <br /> POLICE story is a fast speed, full impact, balls of the miraculous adventure adventure from Hong Kong and since Jackie was very sad because of the bad result he received with US product protector as he did not even think about the movie as the director of James Glickenhaus was and thus the result didn't please audience with Jackie and has returned to Hong Kong to make more personal and inventive films. That was definitely done and the result is as wild today as it was then back in the 80's. This is among the most crazy movie movies ever, and it would be a bit perfect without defaults I mentioned. 7/10
