It's depressing to see where Jackie Chan ended. It was used to be an irresistible hurricane of punches, kicks and incredible demonstrations. To be fair, it is now in his fifty soldiers and one would expect some slowdown. But with 'Rush Hour 3', where he took a seat back to Chris Tucker (at everyone!), And then there's 'kung fu panda' where not only is it a purely vocal hand His character barely has any dialogue. .. to say that Jackie Chan has seen the best day is a colossal exultation. It is times like this when the only solution is to whip out an old VHS helmet tape tape and watch Jackie kick some donkey at his youngest, fitter, Chris Tucker-free day. <br /> Include 'Police History'. Jackie Chan plays Kar-ku, a policeman whose job is to guard a witness before a big trial. He faces resistance from both witnesses of incomplete operations and many people are hit by the silent mobs both. <br /> But on the other hand, who cares? We do not watch Jackie Chan film for the story. We look to see Jackie Chan performing eye-popping demonstrations and generally punching and kicking a lot everyone who is less scared than he is. <br /> <br /> And on this level, 'Police History' does not disappoint at all. There is an awesome confrontation in a mall at the end of Jackie's sliding down a giant, high voltage chandelier. Very, if this sort of thing happened more often, no men would ever need to coaxing to go shopping for clothes. <br /> There is also comedy, much of which involves Kar-kui inadvertently upsetting Me (Maggie Cheung), eternally suffering her and apparently never forgiving girlfriend. The humorous humor is very unlucky, but it works so I do not complain. The act is not too subtle, either. Indeed, I'm not sure there was anything subtle on 'Police History' at all. Director Jackie Chan (yeah, it does too) clearly has a deep understanding of why we watch her movie, and know that while we're waiting for the next battles to start, the last thing we want is to be looking for nuances with depth and interior sense. <br /> So 'Police History' is an explosion. As is the case with most of his films, the fact that Jackie actually does the thing you see on the screen wearing head and shoulders above the competition. I mean, when Jackie Chan really hangs on a speed bus by an umbrella, a whole new "Wow!" Factors are added to the action.
