Jackie Chan's Police History is a landmark film for both Honk Kong and Jackie Chan's actions. <br /> <br /> Reporting / Writing by Chan, The History Police has a basic plot like all the films of this era and genre, and as most of the films in the history of police history, the script is not there anything to be raved on. But the plot of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays a handsome guy cop, whose difficulty is condemned to the local gang master. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is nothing special and no means to best efforts are the direction Jackie Chan has given us, this responsibility falls on the "Miracles" that have mastered. However the task that Jackie conducts is enough and respectable. The sponsor comes directly to the movie coming up with the battle scene. The performances of this film also vary with Jackie giving a very solid typical Chan guy lovers against her role, but this is by no means his best actual role, which can be seen in the Sammo Hung movie directed film "Heart of the dragon ". The other actors in the film also provide a solid performance as Jackie and Bridgete Lin play the part of the Witness want reasonably well, but neither does he show full potential to act. The exceptional act from Maggie Cheung as Jackies' suffering girlfriend and Bill Tung as sympathetic and humorous police chief. None of the performances of this movie are at a low enough level affect the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> The action of the movie is what really separates this movie from others and contemporary contemporary corruption to suit the urban environment, modern, the action is a few of the greatest fighting scenes ever put on camera. To begin with there is a shootout in the slum where Koo (ganglord) is doing a drug deal, also being no style Jan Woo style, this serves as a beautiful starter for the movie. This is then followed by the famous car run down the side of the mountain and in the heart of the slum of demolition everything in sight. This is a breathtaking sequence that has since been horrible copied by Bad Boys 2. In the midst of the movie is another sequence headphones as Jackie tries to transport Lin Bridgete from his home to his. This is really the first scene where we get to see awesome fast rhythm but combat that has since become the norm for all modern art martial arts films. This sequence is fabulously choreographed, timed and smoothly edited together to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition dictates, the exceptional battle sequence is at the end of the film. This sequence shows some of the best choreography chances, exhibits and camera / correction work. This sequel is now famous for two things, the number of people who send in large glass density, which has to be told a phenomenal amount of people, and the cascade at the end where Jackie leaked out of a 5th floor balcony , grabbed hold of a pole and slid down to a glass roof (this should be seen to be believed). Both of the factors to be mentioned are uniquely brilliant, I think that the most impressive part of the sequel to this fight is the ability to incorporate anything in the sequence fighting with the absolute originality of the choreography, which I have never improved . I also believe that the Action of Police History is some of the best filmed and edited actions of Chance to help them put the action apart from others. <br /> <br /> In general, police history, despite its unspectacular scenario and script and on running in the middle due to padding, is one of the best action films of all time to show the best choreography chances, best His filmed action and arguably most spectacular stunting it makes this look great for everyone. And we watch a movie for the action !!
