This is my favorite Jackie Chan film and in an interview, Jackie said she was his favorite as well. It has some incredible exhibits and jokes casting sequel battles as well as some very funny scenes as well. This movie was a favorite of Brandon Lee, which used the part of Rapid Fire, and was also raised in Tango and Cash, which used some of the opening scenes. Jackie plays a policeman in Hong Kong. The story immediately jumps to a fantastic run of a shanty town and continues as Jackie slides down a hill and jumps on a moving bus to catch the evil Ku (who is one of the biggest bandits in any movie Jackie Chan.) You can expect some very funny scenes as Jackie tries to balance her homework as a policeman and her girlfriend friend, played by Maggie Chung. His work is to protect the Ku Secretary, who has enough information to get it, but even with a lot of problems. Jackie is in her absolute best here. The last battle scene at the mall is my favorite scene fighting by anyone - the period. He has been the most intense fighting I've ever seen Jackie doing and climaks in a slip down a pole in the midst of light explosion. All in all, one of the greatest exhibits ever made and left with peeled peeled in his hands. It was fortunate that it was not electrocuted as those in charge of the cascade using high voltage instead of a lower voltage. <br /> <br /> All in all, another Classic Chan and definitely one of his greatest movies. By the end of this movie, you can say it has caught absolutely nothing back and neither was his stuntman. So many of her stunts were wounded during this movie that nobody would assure them again - Jackie took responsibility herself. There is no liquid, wire or stand-ins - it's all true-life action that is a treat to look. It is this kind of action that made him the phenomenon that he is and is a movie that will be surprising people 100 years of now. If you have not seen this movie and are a fan of Jackie Chan or action in general, give yourself a treat and watch this movie. It is truly sensational.
