There is one detail, which is not very common for film Jackie Chan, but is present here. It has some very difficult and serious atmosphere on it during the funny elements are also present. Jackie is threatening and psychotic here. It is not a hero who is attacked and only then fights back (in a usual put-back pattern), but it is one of those who can go and start the tumult. His way to hit that evil guy in the glasses is amazing. Every time he goes "crack!". I also especially enjoyed the scene when Jackie went to the pub and broke the bandits that were on his girlfriend. It's one of the best blitzkriegs placed on screen. In addition, the scene is all injected and the background of some action characters painted on the wall (it looks like a poster of "rabbit" in our Soviet era) and some Russian lines on the left (I notice that well accidentally). That looks terrific (and nostalgic for Russian people). I also like the window breaking into the movies. Here's a lot of this. It's quite amazing to watch the characters fall / jump / run / drive in every way to panes. <br /> All three movies are great. I have prepared myself to see down-slip into the quality but I've seen a perfect trilogy with sense of incredible waterfall (and not only Jackie Chan's character appears in all three movies - this is also excellent and keeps continuing up ). <BR> <br /> I would like to describe each film just in a few words: No.1 - great (in every aspect - it is one entertaining story from the very beginning to the very end) and funny (many scenes are ridiculous); No.2 - raging (Jackie is really * beep * here) and painful (Jackie gets tortured); No.3 - incredible (the woman who battles along with Jackie is incredible) and bomb (I should mention a lot of weapons and explosions?). As for the rest - many have been mentioned by others. <br /> It's a trilogy that can look over and over again (at least not me). Where it is in the top 10 among stocks / comedy jewels. Finally it was released in Russia on DVD (the 2nd film has the best option - the Chinese / Russian Soundtracks and English / linguistic translation). Solid 10 out of 10. Thanks for attention.
