Jackie Chan is considered by many films and martial arts fans as one of the greatest action stars ever favors the silver screen and police history cement its reputation as the likely successor of the late Bruce Lee. If the dragon joins the so-called stingray brand of the great Lee in the 70s, then the same can be said about police history and Jackie Chan in the 80s. <br /> <br /> Forget on the Rush Rush trilogy, or any of his US efforts - the one movie that truly identifies the Excellency Chan, not to mention kicking its status as a great kicking, bone-breaking Kung Fu fuels, as well as his movie career, police history - the first of a series of successful cop movie, set in mainland, Hong Kong's present day. <br /> I've seen many of its efforts - similarly US-based Rush Hour, the Bronx Rumble, the mediocre and Tuxedo in the name - and frankly many of them speak of insignificance compared to police history. In these movies we've seen a less 'dumbed down' version of Jackie, who did not get the opportunity to use the battlefield to the maximum, not to mention the sequence of battles there was no place as good as that in these efforts as Drunken Master, police history for names. <br /> <br /> The cascading of this movie is extraordinary and best featured in any action movie. The mall scene is literally one of a kind and has to be seen to be believing: the chariots fly in glass, Chan who stays outside the bus only by stopping his walk like a crazy stun on the streets of the city , and Chan successfully done it in all kinds of inanimate objects and devices supported as weapons to fight the bad guys with. <br /> <br /> When considering it is known for wounding and breaking all his bones and putting himself in the wrong way, Jackie's persistence in displaying his versatility as a cascade himself is not relying on one, is a bit of a testament to his reputation as a kung fu expert. Especially as she had the ball shown for her. So it proved that he is no one-trick shot when he comes down to design and comes with various and smart looking moves. History-wise, there is not much to discuss, but what it lacks in narrative, it makes up with the end-end of its actions and battle sequences. As for the dialogue, well it's not a really great aspect of the movie - which is why most fans of Jackie's film and martial arts are more interested in action, as opposed to the story. Matrix, no thread or CGI, or any form of computer tactic involved. What you see is what you get - and what you get with Police History is a great Jackie Chan season, full of action and exciting cascade. It's miles better than the Bronx's Rumble, Rush Hour and all of its other American efforts . /> <br /> Police History is an excellent movie and one I would definitely recommend for anyone who is a novice Jackie Chan fan, but in the end one who should look first.
