Believe it or not, the latest Gadget Inspector is what has got me wired on the whole gadget stuff. <br /> My name is Miriam and I'm twelve years old, so obviously I did not go around when gadget inspectors were at the top of her career. Sure, I would hear him, but I did not really know him. <br /> While reading, remember that I have never seen the ORIGINAL series (I would if it came on!). This is just about the gadget stuff I've ever looked (though I'm now obsessed) and I'll focus on what I liked about since everyone else is so negative. For all that you pessimistic, I've had some considerable down there, too. = P The first, for a sense of humor, you could consider this movie very funny. I thought it was, so call me. I also thought the animation and cartoon characters were good, and I am also glad there was more gadget in it, since it is my favorite character. (I do not like Penny.) Then there was Claw (his voice was terrible, though) and the Madcat; I thought they did fairly good too. The guards looked pretty nice in place, if not a bit exaggerated (That's what sucked his thumb hat.) Does a good screen shot, though. = P) Oh, and I loved the song that runs through these credits. Yes, I'm weird. <br /> And, like all movies, there are some negative, too. <br /> <br /> Talking about cars? What's up with that? You can say this was aimed at younger boys. That would not bother me so much if it was not the fact that cars are basically saving the day. I would have preferred if Penny and Brain took their place. And, apparently, gadget loved his car more than would be natural calling. Somewhat strange, they say at least. Oh, and the Chief was downright to say Gadgets. I mean, Sheesh, yeah, it was not always the happiest person, but it did not hate gadgets, from what I was reading. Like the Inspector, his personality was exaggerated. <br /> Well, that's pretty much all I have to say about this movie. I thought the animation made up for the car scheme centered and that it was in general extremely decent; more so than the movie live-action gadgets (butcher, butcher, buckler!) at least. Maybe I'm just partial because this is what got me in the first place gadget, or maybe my mind is twisted, or maybe I'm just odd, but i really liked this movie, though i'm oldest it is recommended.
