Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely documentary documentary despite its content. The conviction of Luther Luckett corrective complex in LaGrange, Kentucky has been raped, murdered etc.? and surrounded by bad people in an obviously depressive environment to find something they really love and can become important, popular and celebrated in acting. There are parallel terms of 'Shawshank redemption' and nature of institutions and search for forgiveness and redemption for past lives. As we followed a generous, non-trial director, who gave up his time every year direct certain jails in a game chosen by William Shakespeare (this time around, the 'storm', which was cunningly introduced to the prisoners can relate to it extensively and its penetration focus on forgiveness and redemption in conferring with and relating to) we are presented to every actor in formal interviews that are nicely rhythmic and breaks up in their recurrence. Each actor has their own story and tells of the regrets and reasons why they are in emotional mode and melancholy music on each of the traditional traditional documentaries. The most respected and most respected prisoners (it would seem) is Sammie. The director immediately came to realize that the most interesting prisoners were in Sammie (and later, Hal) and allowed a longer, more in-depth observation of the man and his personality. His presence felt on screen and his personal revelation came as a shock to the audience but gave him appeal as to his emotional personality and a particular sympathy felt toward him. Hal is the same at the start of the movie. There are other things that he has to spend the time showing as a fun pleasure as he's running a news streaming news site. Again, through personal interviews and self-revelation admitted by Hal (and nicely shoots off Hal's body language, by closing-ups in motion but not only observing with him, but others as well) In particular his heart felt the story of being amazed and frightened in his sexuality in a society that purely would not accept him as a homosexual until later on in the movie where he is showing to be well grid and rude to other prisoners involved in the play as if he thought himself above all, in particular Ron who already had a frustrating temper in his acting. The relationship between the prisoners involved in the play is shown as one of respect and unity to achieve something good for themselves. With nice (if not sharp) motion of time passed by with title etc ?? Everything seems to go straight to the first act, and then on the build up of public performance, things adventure goes wrong. An indication of one of the actors being transferred to his character was replaced by a younger, younger prisoner giving the narrative a beautiful subplot of a great promise, but at the end disappears all and does not live up to expectation. A particular inmate (Big-G) receives the new captive actor (Rick) and an obvious desire to nurture him in their beloved practice and hoping to become a good role model. The film seems to take each pensions to prisoners well with something the audience can relate especially when Rick puts into the 'hole' for finding new tattoos (something nicely animated about earlier in the movie when the Warden stops a random prisoner in the yard and ask him when he got a tattoo in his arms, and we learn it is a punishment offense in the establishment) and the Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. A happy ending? It all looks great when they are successful (even being invited to perform elsewhere) with a sense of real echo unit around them, but in the end, the movie brings everyone back down to earth that this is short live and everything they ever had or wanted was and will always be taken away from them. He is back in prison to pay for their crimes and no matter what their redemption acts in these plays will not be free men, their proud performance and recognition are weakened by the fact that they are the lowest of the criminals low and a nice stand in the music to hear that play in a shot in a long corridor that coincides with the spinning lights and locked doors is a powerful image of asthma. The director seemed to be aware he was looking at likable people in the documentary by giving additional information to the end of the film of every future actor from the movie end as they are and what is happening right now.
