If you're going to put them on a piece of prison walls why not go for William Shakespeare's right? But if you are going to choose your disposal from a lot of criminals serving long sentences for the most crime crimes, you can be sure there will be plenty of time for repetition. In a Kentucky correction jail, a courageous project like this was undertaken with amazing results. This movie shows how it has all done .. casting .. the repetitions .. the set and costume ?? and the final presentation of Shakespeare's play "The Storm." It did not happen to me before but there was an analogy between the environment of the play and the corrective prison. In the play of the pirate-ship characters are imprisoned in an island with no contact with the outside world. Life prison is also like that. With a simple drop painted back to an enclosed sea, the characters in a favorite assortment of costume light out the lines of an approved audience, may not quite as Shakespeare intends, but with good heart and sincerity to be sure. <br /> <br /> More interesting than playing in itself was little little of every man behind his character. A prisoner saw the play as a lesson in forgiving another as a redemptive redemption. He was well moved to see the men wiping away a water as they talked about murder, shooting and strangulation. One felt that they would all love to wind the clock and reconsider their brutal actions. However (as someone said) the past happened, and the present was at the beginning of a new future. At least the play has provided temporary relief to think of the depression of past events. <br /> <br /> The prison authorities should be applauded to allow the play to take place. Such an event would put Kentucky on the map and hopefully other prisoners could follow the good examples. It seems to me that everyone stands to benefit ?? not only the Kentucky prison but the prisoners themselves who need to get new confidence and self esteem and to be prepared for the day when they go out of liberty.
