Movies like this one, and C.R.A.Z.Y., make me very sad for American films and a gay subjects. With the exception of Glancing Parting and Brokeback Mountain, there are other remarkable American films with kind of depth and sincerity like this movie, the Bubble. This film is about two men, Noam and Ashwar, an Isral and Palestinian respectively. Relationships are complicated by the tensions between the Jews and the Arabs of Israel. Couple, in the early stages of relations will struggle with who will call that next, or who will say "I love you" first. Firstly, Noam and Ashwar's love is complicated by suicide bombers, armed security scams, and racers. While Noam's friends accept and love Ashwar, who is Arab, it is clear that most of Tel Aviv's citizens probably do not. One of the most touching times, and many of this film is when Noam and Ashwar go to a "Bent" production. We, as film actors, see watching this play, and affecting it has about two of them is deeply captured in the eyes. And finally, this moment touches play in a very sad way in the final of the movie. Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweats are exceptional as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is brilliant in creating a cogent and exciting rehearsal of the classic Romeo and Juliet Shakespeare Romeo. And while most movies today have sex in them, (almost as a sport), this one goes back to the old and tried version of sex with love and passion combined. It is so refreshing. Also worthwhile is seeing two gay men being portrayed as people and not cartoons. There are cartoonish characters in this movie. It just does not happen to be the gay men for a change. Somewhere on this site I think I read a comparison between this movie and "Friend". Well, not really. Yes, these are juvenile characters stumbled into the uncomfortable stages of adulthood and their relationships. But I do not remember getting "blown up" as a set of lines to snatch the story of "Friends". <br /> This is a very good movie. He was tired of grief. Like all love love love love story to win out. But not in its glory may be full of bloom. Still, it is a very satisfying movie to watch.
