This film is a complete re-imagining of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. The lovers are one in Tel Aviv and the other in Nablus. There is a border between them, and a constant state of war and Israeli army ever present everywhere with Palestinian militants all over the place and bombs. The situation is weak enough. We can imagine the love of perfect enormous traps. But the movie goes several years more light by imagining two lovers are gay, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. To be gay accepted in Tel Aviv. It is off of Nablus. The conflict between the two peoples, the two communities thus doubled with a conflict between two cultures, of ethics. But that could even be good if the war did not bring some extra dimensions. Sister Ashraf is going to marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally told her sister about being gay. He can not accept it, but he accepts talking about it later. From the wedding itself the newly married husband sends a commander in Tel Aviv to set up a bomb attack. It takes place in a coffee shop in Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam is very injured. Bad enough. The Isareli army sent a Nablus commander to arrest the defendant for this attack, but he turned back and the newly-married wife was shot dead on the street. The funeral funeral follows the wedding. The husband and widow volunteer for a suicide bomb attack. Ashraf volunteers take his place. Lovers in exile returned to Tel Aviv to die and kill a few who avenge his sister. He came to a diner managed by some friends at Noam. But Noam saw him and came out to speak with him. Ashraf moved back in the middle of the street and detonated his bomb when Noam reached him on the street. Vengeance reunites two lovers of death. We have the double conflict but we do not have the Prince Verona, a neutral character that can impose peace, or even worse The Prince seems to have chosen where and to be on the Israelite side. The game is entirely fake and death is sure on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is all the stronger because it is redoubled by a play in the movie, a game that shows love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one wearing a yellow star and the other a pink triangle . This is both strong hitters and breathtakingly shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. What comes from the movie is that on the Tel Aviv or Nablus love is impossible. The film is so a denunciation of the conflict in Palestine that can not but continue even though it has no reason to even exist though it has thousands of reasons to go on. We should never let Britain deal with the region a long time ago. Today we have to find a solution in which no one will humiliate. This will only be successful if everyone comes together in order to find a lasting solution. But so far everyone tries to avoid general conflicts and discussions that prejudge bilateral manipulation. So suffering will go and love will be banned, of course by having sex since the children need the war to go on: So let's procure more and more little soldiers. But love is just an extra-terrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
