It is difficult not to have a sympathy for Israeli director Eytan Fox and his film, which describes the life of the Middle East and the inherent gay issues that people can have in these regions. In addition, he gave voice to the generations, with the remarkable parts, who really need PEACE and wanting to take notice of a war that will over time limit their existence to people, both in Israel both in Palestine. These reasons, in my opinion, are sufficient to consider Fox an important director noticeably, even when his feelings for the melodrama are a tad out of control. However the fans of his movies (which he achieved on team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-senarist and companion life) seem to have been outraged by this, since his new features, the BUBBLE (HA- BUAH), which is successful at the same YOSSI before & JAGGER and walking on the water. Announced as a contemporary gay version of "Romeo & Juliet", set in the present day Tel Aviv instead of Verona and two people (one Israeli and the other Palestinian) to the place of the two young Shakespearean lovers, the movie actually is quite different from that or, better, it's also something else. In fact, the title bubble is the separate world in which leading, Noam, played by Ohad Knoller's regular Fox (Yossi in Yossi & Jagger, but I must confess I miss Jagger, the amazing Yehuda Levi!) With two His co-tenant, a guy and a girl, chose to live. Around thirty-year-old, restless, witty and firm (despite the protagonist just over a period of national service in a post on the border with the Palestine) will live a life that will not only be done in war. The two guys are gay and together with the girl they have established a trio in which they love fraternal and support each other. Life is destined to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (television star Yousef 'Joe Sweid') a young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv. Laws so far in force among the group are neglected, but not the will to help a friend. Still it will not be easy for Noam and his friends, 'cause Ashraf is clandestine in Israel and in the meantime family, who lives in Palestine and does not know she is gay, is looking forward to solving her marriage and a very beautiful girl, who is a relative of Ashraf's beloved sister-to-them sister, who she is also a terrorist and will have a great responsibility in the development of the plot, with consequences not only for two guys. Because the prejudices against the inversion and the peace (dualism are interesting, if not automatic) are stubborn and so tragedy is inevitable. Even though the film focuses on the obstacles between Noam and Ashraf, it does not neglect the other characters, which turn out well written (for example Golan, Yelli's companion, Noam's fellow tenant, is presented as a boiling lively, and then releasing as a sweet and more open person open) and fairly conducted (besides the two behaviors, we must not respect the Liberty of Zohar Libya and the beautiful Daniela Daniela, the girl of gang; In addition to the star Late Marriage Lior Ashkenazi looks like herself in a cannon). It also cleanses the gloomy tones and those more brilliant, though the director can not do without a melodramatic conclusion. I watched this movie over a month ago and in the meantime I often thought about it, proof that Fox and his pals have a talent to make home strikes.
