Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities have been captivated and easily touched by accounts of happy love. Even more fascinating was the story of love impossible, love that can not be. Israel's first film film Eytan Fox "Bubble" is about it .. then it is also not .. The title of the film refers to the bubble "Tel-Aviv is set against the background of the political realities of Israel's cosmopolitan and official capital of the country does not have much in common with Nablus, a city in the West Palestinian Bank which is also characteristic of the film. It does not have much in common with the atmosphere of tension and lovers of the Palestinian dams "The" bubble "in Tel-Aviv allows people to have a very different form of what you can expect in any Western city. looking for record Britney Spears, a life magazine editor looking for a sexy cover for his next problem, trendy people sitting in coffee trends discussing trendy items on cappuccino cups and other same trendy drinks, while those in their homes See the local edition of Idol Pop .. It is this "bubble" that also has pods The nonsense gives the idea of ​​one to a false sense of reality. The film evolves around the lives of three young Israelis who share a flat and, for the most part, try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the camp owner and manager of Orna & Ella, "a hip cafe, rarely left the city and prefers not to think about the crap surrounding them." Noam, a soft and continuous staff at a slightly avantguard store, seems to be equally willing to engage in long-term policy discussions and contemplations. Lulu, the only woman in the lot, is on the contrary linked to the Israeli Left, although its political activity seems to be limited to ravages against occupation. "Yelli and Noam are naturally not objects involved, and their political friends make t-shirts and logo rams, put posters and hands out their advertising brochures in the neighborhood. The main concerns are that there is never any Palestine current participant and that the police might come and spoil all the entertainment again .. The closest to reaching a current confrontation is when they get into a scuffle and some not so Palestinian-friendly people who try to prevent They come from handing out leaflets. In other words, predictable product of the bust ?? "The open scenes of the film take us to a post on a Nablus road where we also get Noam to perform his reserve duty. A Palestinian group was well checked before entering Israel, among them a pregnant woman who suddenly went to work and gave birth to a child who died in spite of the best efforts of Noam and the doctor who eventually came to a ambulance. The woman is encouraged by a young man who later turns on Noam's front door in Tel-Aviv with his ID that the letter obviously falls over the ordeal over the border. Her name is Ashraf, she is Palestinian and she is gay. And he was not just coming back to the ID, he came to see Noam. Without a residence permit in Israel and despite the initial hesitation from Noam's flatmates it remains. It soon became a Jewish name and a job at Yelli's Cafe. It grows in Jerusalem and Hebrew, it does not have an Arabic accent that makes it possible for her and her newly discovered friends to hide her identity. Heaven is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can not last. Because it has become part of an equation that never means to be. At one point, Noam and Ashraf watch a play called Bent on two inmates in a Nazi concentration camp that has a love relationship that can never become physical or visible to the surrounding guards. They find a way to get together at another level, one metaphysical one, one where no one else has access. This is also where our couple come to the end. And he could not have been much different for them, not in Israel today. The "Bubble" is a political statement on the bubbles that burst when confronted with the political realities of Israel today against the background of a beautiful and awkward love story involving an Israeli and a Palestinian, the love story impossible a world divided where there is nothing like compromise or other color than black and white exists. The "Bubble" is also a beautiful movie about people, gay and straight, living in this strange city, Tel-Aviv, shown by the eyes of those who really care about them. The first movie may have its flaws and the fatal chain of events may seem somewhat interpreted, but its strong message and emotional impact will not leave you intact.
