The Israeli / Palestinian conflict continues and while the world can be aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, some have a clue in the other division of the division - groups of people who want peace and work towards eliminating the separation. Eytan Fox, in the bubble ('Ha-Buah'), has created an alternative to the most unusual alternative to the schis, and they tell a story with some fine humor, a lot of love, and a taste of brutality. It's a window in an amusing situation to understand. <br /> In Tel Aviv three close friends: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful girl with strong views; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very 'gay' young man who works in a popular coffee; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a pretty, somewhat paralyzed fellow who, in addition to his work day in a music shop, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his free time serving as a guard in town dam la. He is one of those guardians weekends that he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe Sweid), and a mutual attraction occurs. The three friends decided to 'stand up' illegally present Ashraf (whom they nicknamed with an Israeli name) and while Ashraf and Noam remained in a loving relationship, Yali hires Ashraf in his coffee, and Yali and Lulu both continue to find love interests, too. Everything goes well until Ashraf must return home for his sister's wedding. Though in Tel Aviv Ashraf who could openly gay and Noam, the life far different from Jerusalem: Ashraf said he must marry his sister-sister-sister. In an attempt to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu disguise themselves as French reporters to access Ashraf. At a time of supposed conclusion, Noam and Ashraf discovered the kiss by the groom, and this act gives blackmail in order for Ashraf to remain 'in the closet'. Young people in Tel Aviv dance in an event of increasing attention to peace, an attack reaching Jerusalem - one with serious consequences not only immediately, but also in the Ashraf revenge mission must now assume. The end is tragic at many levels and it emphasizes just how serious the problems between these two countries are. <br /> <br /> The act is so very natural from both the comedy and the tragic aspect audience to completely believe in these beautiful young people. The story finds the right balance between the severe and the lighthearted and it is this balance to make Eytan Fox as a fine writer / director. More people should watch this important movie and very well. In Hebrew, Arabic, and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
