I am now on vacation in Israel for summer, and so could see this incredible movie. A bit of a warning before I started writing: I spoke Hebrew, and so the Hebrew parts did not have any problems; However, about a quarter (a bit less) of the movie is in Arabic, and I could understand a little bit of this subtitled bit. This did not detect from my understanding of the movie, but caused me to miss a few jokes that conjured some loud laughs in the theater. After a year in American Cinema which is widely regarded as one of the greatest years for homosexual and relationship cinema, it takes something really special to stand upside down and shoulder above the rest; Again, the "Bubble" exceeds all others and mixes it with excellent acting, witty dialogue, and relevant political climate. The movie opens on a post on the Israeli-Palestinian border; For the first few moments, we do not finish on the quality of the movie we walked into. But this is an important element in this film force. The political situation, with extreme tension in the air always in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv serves as a clean character in this film. It is still referencing. Street names and restaurant names are still changing. The sky and the city's development are criticized quite harshly, and finally the city evolved along with the movie film focusing on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and a Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe Sweid), and the corporations of Tel Aviv and Palestine serving as a constant paperwork. We always know that the relationship is strictly prohibited, and it creates a sense of urgency rarely present in movies. The love is incredibly strong, and it stands as the central of the movie. High relationships with friends are equally strong: the relationship of Yelli's owner (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) to ultra-butch and golani solider's grille, Golan (Zohar Liba), is particularly an entertainment source. The very favorite scenes of this movie are all exquisite, fine artworks of art, and the cinematography is surprising: In the first stage of love in the movie, the camera hangs down like a male character giving oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and dissolve into a Noam and Ashraf shot. This shot has many others leading the viewer to realize that all of these relationships are the expression of the same form of love. <br /> To give far more of the scenario would be a tragedy, but knowing that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy that touches on the current global political climate, so I'll rather focus on the witty dialogue. Even when watching this movie in my second language, I could not stop laughing at all. The particular entertainment line includes the question whether gay suicide bombers receive young women or boys in the sky, and an analogy of Sampson from the Bible as the first world to kill the bomber head. This dialogue shows a particular sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in Cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly powerful. Music is only used at times when characters are legally able or should listen to it, and in one music scene is weakened when a character removes one horn and stops when it removes the other. Small elements like this truly bring the film. <br /> I could not give the best recommendations in a movie; This is a superb work of movies that is catharthic as well as beautifully crafted.
