Personal Crispin Glover's personal personal installation requires you to think a little, and thus can not recommend any viewer who does not want to sit down and puzzle on Glover's imagery or follow the surprisingly simple but weirdly obfuscated ?? thread in narrative it. For the more casual viewer, yes, it's probably going to come off as a mis-mash confusion of odd, thrilling, and disturbing imagery for the sake of the imagery. <br /> You get the sense that Glover does not mind that this is the case, and it will be almost as happy to listen to why someone hated the movie as to why they loved it. Glover's natural appearance for and about his work and how audiences interpret it is to communicate not only in the movie itself, but also in the unusual question and answer sessions that he frequently performs these demonstrations; It is clearly expected that people will continue to think about what it has to introduce .The easiest way to interpret and postpone the movie is to label it as Papa or nihilist, a juvenile attack on the modern film industry from an actor who worked both blood and the. But there is a reason that Glover does his slideshow before showing his movie, and not just to sell books; His book juxtapose and creates a narrative of images and texts that Glover pieced together, and what is it? to make similar prints prints from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? is an endearing and compelling film in one way hardly expected while watching. Many have already made about glover in the use of actors and syndrome the Down, and indeed is one of the most initially striking aspects of the movie. So, jarring, in fact, that many seem to interpret it as some sort of far-reaching crusade to find a more realistic and / or realistic reality of the disability of movies and television or, on absolute end of the spectrum, as a types of direct exploitation of people with disabilities. But it's not either, and perhaps this is part of what makes this film so comfortable for many: The hidden agenda is not a one or the one politic of hatred, but it's one of looking beyond the mainstream culture in an outsider type. It's not a movie about Down syndrome, but it's a movie owned by the actors and the syndrome Down that appears in it. <br /> I'm sort of people gung-ho entirely when it comes down and weird are described so sten that it is nice; Fortunately for me, this is pretty much exactly how it is? presented himself to the viewers. Glover uses the weird images of snails, deaths, and people with disabilities in part because he wants his audience to feel discomfort at either the absolute unit of the imagery or the reversed single reaction of the dead wailing of an anthropomorphized snail. In some ways, compelling elements (and occasionally grotesque outright) elements of what is it? remind me of the work of the painter pent Bacon ?? It's the infamous pop, yes, and the odd distortions of the human face that inevitably makes viewers outfit and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, the Glover movie manages to be luxurious and modest, torn and polished, chaotic and well-realized ?? and contradictions to help make it all the more baffled. But still this is not an entirely serious film, and it largely manages to incline the greatest pitfalls of pretentious use of humor that, for the most part, proceeds from the use (and juxtaposition) of the familiar articles, images, and popular culture names. And when is it? It's funny, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> In general, what is it? is an impressive first movie from Glover as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film proves not to be almost distraction of one might expect it to be. Watching it is like being an observer of dreams that are not exactly good or bad, but just weird ?? and that leaves you feeling a little shameful when you wake up. If it's the kind of art you enjoy, what is it? is likely to exceed your expectations and be well worth the effort to grab it in the theater, along with the Big Slide show and Glover itself. All in all, it's an experience you'll easily forget anytime soon.
