It's about an embezzler, Peter Ustinov, who infiltrates a British company, Texa-Conn or something like that, posing as a computer blade and security expert. He secretly learns to hack into the computer, while gathering the admiration of his boss, Karl Malden, the enemy of his rival office, Bob Newhart, and the like of the secretary of his inept Maggie Smith. In the business details they were a bit noble in those non-business-oriented eyes but they were credible enough and I got the general idea. Ustinov, spokeswoman Peter, established business funds in Paris, Rome, and Stuttgart, and used the Texa-Conn computer to send all kinds of funds into these establishments. The overseas companies, of course, consist of nothing more than themselves, Ustinov, and their address are barns that abandon the artist of Paris, a barber shop in Rome, and a bakery in Germany. He simply visits them to collect the checks he sent himself. <br /> I did not think I would like it for the first few minutes because it looks rather on the side slowly. I was expecting something with a faster and more upright temple, along the lines of the "Pink Panther" or "The Hill of the Hill." But this movie insinuates itself in your good good as you come to appreciate the understated humor in the draw, characterization, and the dialogue. <br /> <br /> Probably it would be a bad idea to give away too many of the relatively subtle Gag but here are some examples of more noticeable. <br /> <br /> Ustinov Secretary Smith: "Let me have the assets of these companies." Smith: "Well, what are they?" Ustinov: "Woman's ass." Now nothing has been done in this small exchange. There's a quick cut and no delay for any laugh, which is inappropriate because one's reaction is likely to be a smile than a laugh. <br /> <br /> Ustinov dig out that lofty loft in Paris. It covers cobwebs. The bricks strewn around and left a couple of paintings to the former occupant. The owner does not speak english and Ustinov does not know French. Ustinov pointed out in a child's paintings like a naked woman and chuckles, "Ah, a famo-tal, eh?" Owners also chuckles, replies: "Do you have to go for a year?" Ustinov: "Oh - ANNIE, so what's his name!" Owner: "Yes?" Ustinov: "Entente cordiale!" (I love, if I got those gender, my eyes would be embarrassing.) Bob Newhart as Willard Gnatpole (!) There's the couple for Maggie Smith and he is supposed to drive home, but saying he's taking the " Scenic. " There is an immediate sequence of suggestive traffic signs. "Precautions." "Lay-By." "Bay Way." "Sede." End with "STOP / CHILD". There is another timetable when Ustinov's scheme is about to be discovered by the board of directors - three holes, police cars, an embroidered adieu from Maggie, which ends with a sign: PRISON, Scrubs Worm. <br /> Well, maybe one more. I still can not find Malden as the boss, declaring the decisive, "I have never agonized the decision," then gulping a handful of seeds and washing them down with a glass of water. unarguably fine. Bob Newhart's best role, for example. Not that he was very, and not that his fix was not limited, but it's perfect in this part. The music note by Laurie Johnson obviously had a good deal of effort put into it. It seems to have written a short concerto for flute. Ustinov's passion is music and overseas establishments led by fake names such as Claude Debussy and Giacconino Rossini. Stuttgart's inmate chairman is a person named Schmidt, and he is an anomalous clerk. Maggi Smith is beautiful, sexy, bourgeois, and it seems that they are not so dumb as it seems. <br /> <br /> Delightful, in its own quiet way, but do not expect funny fireworks.
