"Hot Miliono" is a delightful comedy that has made even better not the presence of the wonderful cast meeting for her. The film is a tribute to the genius of Peter Ustinov, who wrote the screen play and appeared as the key figure of an enterprising embezzler. The film, directed by Eric Till, does not show signs of ascending date, as some others from this period. In the center of the action is a friendly man, Marcus Pendleton, who, before being released from prison, set the tax returns for the chief, who is surprised at the repayment he must be the government. Marcus, who is a genius of numbers, sees opportunities where others would not. It starts working for a firm that uses the latest computer for its accounting, but Pendleton is a resource man who finds a way to take advantage of the system and establishes different functional controls in different parts of the continent. Marcus assigns a secretary, who also has a flat in his building. The summer patty is seen working as a taker fare that manages to make a mess of everything. How to land a job as a secretary is beyond understanding, but things are never the same at the office when the Gnatpole Creepy Willard decides to go after it, but no fear, Patty's heart belongs to Marcus, who Those who are an accomplished pianist are a flutist and make beautiful music together. The best thing in the movie is Peter Ustinov. It clearly understands how Marcus should play and run away with the movie. Mr. Ustinov provided an assured account of the embezzler. Maggie Smith's excellent is also at her best and it takes on Patty, the kind of ador that Marcus has and proves to be a genius herself when it comes to investing the money she finds in Marcus' pocket <br /> <br /> Karl Malden is perfect as the American in charge of society. Bob Newhart also appears as Gnatpole, the man who wants Patty, but he can not get it to reciprocate. Mervey Robert Morley is like Caesar Smith, whose identity Marcus was supposed to be. Cesar Romero also appears in a role as a custom inspector of the airport. "Hot Miliono" will delight everyone looking for an exciting time in the company of this favorable, but charming character, Marcus Pendleton.
