This movie fits on my Tweets for weeks before I watched it. I dreaded a yuppie flick independently on bad goings. I was guilty; This was an engrossing breakthrough in the libidos of vice-up in New Yorkers. The format is the same as Max Ophuls' "La Ronde," based on a play by Arthur Schnitzler, who gives an "inspired" credit. It starts from one man, a whore, standing on a street corner in Brooklyn. She is picked up by a home contractor, who is having sex with her on a car hood, but she can not come. He refused to pay it. When she's off peeing, she responds to her cell phone and takes a message. It runs away with its keys. Then the story changed to the contractor, who paid a professional call on a wealthy, bored New York woman, who plays with her until she wakes up, then pulled away. He tells him how desperate and happy it is; he tells him how beautiful he is, and luck. As she leaves, she asks if she would have sex with her. She sat on her head, bouncing up and down. This time he came and left. <br /> <br /> The woman and her husband throw a dinner party for their trendy friends. Hubby (Robert) speaks business, wife (Ellen) is bored, and changes the subject of sex, and how many times men and women think about it. Mary changed conversation in the wilderness. Later, after the guests left, Ellen tries to lobby Robert into sex. Robert does not want any of it, and puts it on a jazz file. Ellen turns on the radio; Robert turned up the music; Ellen turns on the TV; Robert turned on another TV. Cacophony indicates. Ellen climbs on the roof, Robert joins her. Ellen confessed that she needs to experience more men, men other than Robert. Robert says he too needs to experience people. <br /> We next follow Robert as he visits an artist Martin, played by Steve Buscemi. I wish Buscemi could have more roles like this, where he is a sexy, smart, totally desirable guy. Robert praises Martin's work, much more than he deserves, promises to find him in a show. Martin is excited, until he turns out that Robert is talking out of his blanket, it's all a cruise dance. Robert tries to kiss Martin, on the lips, and Martin pulls back, saying he is not gay. Robert asserts that he is not gay either, Martin scoffs. Both admit that artwork is bad. Robert is about to leave, when Martin allows Robert to kiss him. They make out, and Robert goes down to Martin. Next, we follow Martin, as he prepares for an art show in a Manhattan gallery. She is struck by the receptionist Anna, played by Rosario Dawson. (I had to cut some of this review to keep it under 1000 words) ... and make love with each other. We follow Anna, who sits at a lunch break. His companion, Nick (Adrian Grenier), enters, carrying flowers. It's cold against him; he tries to figure out why. She coaxes from her information that she had sex with someone while she was in San Francisco. He coaxes out to him the fact that he lived with his former gf while in San Francisco, having sex with him. The latter revelation turns out to be a lie. Two of them make out of the luncheonette, but it decides to be broken up. Nick is heartbroken. <br /> Then we follow Nick, who confessed her problem to an older woman who she met on a park bench, Joey (Carol Kane). Joey is sort of weird with kids, but it's a good audience for Nick, who needs a sympathetic ear. Two of them go to Coney Island at night, and look at the stars. Nick falls under Joey's spell, despite the age difference between them. They returned to Joey's apartment, and Nick gradually realized that she was about to have sex with an old crazy woman. He is on his head, refuses to let him go. But he managed to escape. <br /> (This is, by the way, the best Carol Kane role since he played the Latin wife of taxi.) Joey's phone ring, and he is a man called Psychic Friends Network, and Joey is the one friends psychic. Although it's still wounded in Nick, he gradually gets into his psychic shtick. The man is in his office, late at night, and wants to have sex with her. Although it's not Joey's business, Joey goes along, and the man's coaxes come. He wants to keep talking, although the man wants to get to the phone, and finds that he has embezzled a lot of money from his company, and will get out tomorrow. Life is lost. Joey realizes that the man will commit suicide, and he tries to make him believe he is his friend, he cares about him. But the man packed a gun in his purse, and went to look for a whore on the Brooklyn waterfront side, and we returned to the start of the same whore who started out La Ronde. He wants to give him $ 75,000 in cash if he's going to kill him. He tried to kill himself, but he could not do it. The prostitution does not want to do it, but he insists, holding his hand, holding the gun inside his mouth, telling him where they are targeted. Eventually, the gun goes on, and we see the whore walking on the street and reach the corner where it's virtually business. The contractor who had not paid it earlier in the movie drove up, rolled down the window. They look at each other. BEFORE.
