Originally this film is a mystery for me, as I only know as much as IMDB did before I rent it. I assume that before "vessel troupes", "Killshot" was one of the countless pilots without ever doing it through network, cable, or otherwise. The new head of "shot shot" was thrown in the opening sequence, the first of many quick clues that this was never intended for the movie. Quick cuts, blur "Melrose Place" music, and short 2-second lock-ups from the main actors tell you what you're in for. <br /> And I do not mind at all. I rent this movie to see the repackaging that puts Casper Van Dien and Denise Richards on the cover in front of a completely voluptuous thought it would be funny to see them in a movie beside the SciFi beams in trash vessels (an excellent book, in my opinion , not so hot a movie - but that's another review). After looking up on IMDB, my roommate and I surmised that the pilot was dragging up after the apparent success of Troopers and Richards' own career (see Bond-Girl and Wild Things referencing here). They are thrown into a sex scene involving a minor character to reach the coveted citizens R-rated - coveted in the Rental Rental section, that's what. In any event, it should be left unrated if you are trying to sell it to the poke / softcore porn section. <br /> In all, it's fun. I hate to spoil the pleasure of telling you it is a TV pilot, though. That was the biggest pull while watching it - when you expect a movie theater and get a TV show, the difference between them makes themselves more clear than usual. <br /> <br /> Would I rent it again? No. Could I watch this TV? Well, why not - it's better than Baywatch. And the lean attempts to hit all demographic would make well back in the mid 90s. Token black guy (who's gay to avoid taboo on TV in inter-racial dating), Asian signs (Japanese, I suppose from the name Koji) more skillful in science and computer than talking to women, beautiful, smart Latina pre-med students who have everything go for it except the family bank accounts - this show probably would be ok. <br /> But as a movie she just cracks me. <br /> I gave her a 7 out of 10, considering what she was and what she was forced to become. It made for a very enjoyable evening, and that's all I ask at leasing.
