What more can I say? Americans totally hate it because the US cuts were so bad, although you could detect the goodwill that is hidden in it. <br /> <br /> Talking about the US released release (along with the newly released Blu-ray version) it's faster and tighter than HK cuts, the background makers have all switched from darkness to the central core HK musical Hip-hop music; and there was a lot of scenes that offended off. Though, the dubbing was a remarkable task given that they tried to take the original actor's voice and tone. But the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask) the movie was designed and meant to be dark, upset, super-disturbing and totally unrealistic. Very unfortunately the U.S. liberation just equiped the cream they wanted, which in turn completely changed the usual film (HK release was rated 18+) to be even more funny and amateur .. <br /> Now let's talk about the original la HK released. This movie is like a hidden gem, a prototype for all the "matrix" tied up with era. The fighting scenes are totally awesome even the camera work being a bit "old-school" among HK movies. However the film style created was a unique mix of Kungfu and pop culture. With the leather, black suit and decor, this movie features a superhero-like pulse of a black mask against a run-of-mill gang of multinational super-soldier lead by a heavy metal rock punk rock star. Yes it sounds like the imagination of a child delayed, but it works. So impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares to present aliens fighting a bloody battle of leather clothing. In 2002, an end had a rating of PG-13 but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad was that Li and Liu were the basic characters of the movie and had strong personality and an exciting friendship. And did I get to mention Francois Yip? His arrows kick was totally cool, even cooler than the wicked boss because he did not use a stuntman for the whole fight. Did I mention it was also smoking hot? Anyway, there are a lot of things to love about the movie. However, the film also suffered from a lot of problems. The first, it's a mediocre script made of its best potential, which means that this output team deserves a better screen-writer. There are a lot of climates throughout the 100 minutes but they often feel like far-fetched and do not totally make sense to their audience (US version has even worsened because all the character development was off). Anyway, you can not ask too much from a comic-inspired film film. Also, this movie is entirely bad for kids. I will not recommend it to you if you are less than 20 years old. It is saturated with what disturbing blood, gore, suicide costumes, extreme violence violence and so on. Along with the style of the film, it can be called a wet dream for heavy-metal rock music fans and action fans. (The US cut was moderate, but if you want to see it, look at HK for what it is.) 7/10. Status: Inspired, hidden, bulk, adult.
