Who would have thought that a movie about a man who drove a couple of miles on his lawn mower to see his brother, could possibly be good movies? I certainly did not. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences in my life. Well I was as wrong as I was not too often again, because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood films I've ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Give a brief summary in "The Right Story" is not very difficult. He is about an old man with stubborn steps on his lawn mower and drives off another state to pay his fees a visit when he hears that the man had a serious stroke. That's already special about himself, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he has not seen his brother in ten years because of some stupid argument. In the meantime he shared it with bad luck and problems, but he also met a lot of people whose life influenced one way or another with his philosophical approach to life. Despite all the difficulties he drives over weeks, he does not know if he will reach his goal: see his brother again before it's too late ... <br /> I can easily understand why people do not like this movie and this is also the reason why I will not say that these people do not have a heart or stuff like that ... This movie has not had any flashy action scenes, it is as slow as the man's lawn mower is driving And no, you do not have to look it for the nice band either, because no. But why should you watch it then? Well, the simple answer is the story. I have not seen such a movie touched with such a powerful story very often and the fact that this actually comes from Hollywood and - doing things even better - from the Disney Studio (that's right, the same studio covers us and sweet nonsense cycles) to make it even more special. I'm not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes a couple of times while watching her, probably because the whole situation does not see someone for many years because of some stupid argument is all too realistic for me. > <br /> Some people will argue that the story is very fundamentally, but I really do not agree with that. Perhaps because they only see that old man driving on his lawn mower and does not want to think any further. If you look close enough than you will understand that this man will do all this because he knows he was once wrong, that only his pride stood in the way to see his brother again and that he wants everyone else people to see that too, so they will not make the same mistake. If not enough funding, how much deeper a story has to go for you then? I would also like to add that this movie really has it all. There are some nice landscapes (finally an American movie that shows something other than the sky in New York, Chicago or some other big city), some nice action by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and a very easy way to say despite The fact that this is a film by David Lynch. I know now that I was completely wrong not to assume that this film should not be my taste. It's one of the very best movies I've seen in a long time. This movie targets for my heart and hits the bull's eye. I give it the full 10/10.
