"A really nice story with a moral love story" describes that odd movie David Lynch. This was especially "odd" because it was not the type of Lynch film being set out in the last 15 -20 years. Those were black and shocking films (Blue Velvet, wild at heart, Mulholland Drive) and that's the opposite. I know she is very fond of her. Others were very happy. Count me as one of the letters, and I own all three of the "dark" films as well. <br /> This was another life-asset story, here's detailing an elderly man in a lawn located in western Iowa all the way to Wisconsin to see his sick brother who he had not talked with in years, but want to see before the last die. Well, I guess that quotes - an old man driving a 400-mower lawn mower - always does this a "odd" movie of kind, so Lynch remains in character with that! <br /> <br /> Richard Farnsworth plays the title role. It is the kind of guy, face-wise, voice-wise, low-key personality-wise, just about all to love. The wrinkles on her face tell a lot of stories. She was so sad to hear what happened to her in real life a year after this film was released. <br /> <br /> The first 25 minutes of this film is not so many, and not always as beautiful as it shows the main character and mentally challenging children (Sissy Spacek) and her tragic past, but once Alvin Straight ( Farnsworth) begins his journey, the story picks up. I've been playing this for many friends and I thought the film was NEVER gathering, but I'm more generous with it. I think it's a hidden gem. For them, it was a sleeping pills. <br /> I found her wonderful fascinating journey but you have achieved this advance is NOT going to be a critical story linch Lynch. It is slow and if this is okay with you, you might like this. Cham came into the picture of some of whom Alvin meets along the way, as a young aspiring girl runs and some nice city that helps the old man come when he gets in trouble. (Henry Cada as "Daniel Riordan, is an exceptional in that regard.) Harry Dean Stanton gets third bill, but that's a joke: it's only in the final few minutes of the movie! It's nice .. I've lived there for many years and can be attested to the rolling hills and the rich ground. It's a beautiful state and beautiful people ... like this movie.
