Maybe more than many films, this one is not for everyone. For some as the idea of ​​slowing down, reflecting and allowing things to happen in their own time is a good description of personal hell. For others an approach like this speaks of some deep parts of themselves they know exist, some parts are long to be contacted. <br /> I think it's a function I am in my own life these days, but I count myself in the camp of the latter group. I found the meditative pace of this film almost hypnotic, slowly guiding me into some mythological areas. This is indeed a travel story, a rich portrayal of the very distance we must travel if we are coming full circle at the end of our day. Much as it was written in Mr Farnsworth's presentation in Alvin Straight, though I'm not sure there is the word expressing the exquisite balance of bemused and innocent bravery of his wisdom frozen for us. Knowing now that he really came in terms with his own mortality as he sat on that tractor seat to make me want I had the opportunity to spend time with him before his departure. I hope he has a small glamor of the satisfaction and truth he has brought to many, not just for "acting", but for sharing his absolute humankind and honesty as brutal .. <br /> Given the realities of production Economy, I'm not sure credit that gave Mr Lynch the courage he showed in allowing the story to grow so slowly. An outsider in film production, I always understand that there are some areas of modern life where the expression "time is money" so accurately descriptive. Going deep into our hearts is not an adventure that can run, and his credit Mr Lynch seems to have understood that he was not simply telling a story - he invited his viewers to spend some time with their own mortality. There is no simple task, this. If you would like to experience the power of the films to introduce you to some precious parts of yourself, you could do worse than spending a couple of hours and the right story. Then give yourself some time for the next time simply listening to its echo in the small hours of the night.
