It's hard to find a dramatic historical drama based on the life of any British monarchy. Just take a well-respected British or Australian actor, make these beautiful things, and you will be guaranteed a formula for success Oscar. Young victories are no exception, getting just about everything right, the hit and beautiful movies, and soft light and lush colors and fabrics. Starting Emily Blunt into a role she can finally soar in, the movie begins with Victoria's 18th birthday and moves into the intrigue and issues surrounding her eventually ride through the throne and her famous wedding of Prince Albert (Rupert Friends). As the young Victoria humbled himself, he moved as a plethora chess by a variety of parties as he found his foot and voice as one of Britain's most influential rulers. <br /> While this moving chess board is fairly typical territory, it is the development of Victoria's and Albert's relationships that make the film a little more interesting. I confess: I have a degree of history and a specialization in the Victorian era, so I'm a bit attached to these figures. Despite the many defects as chiefs, Victoria and Albert were some of the first leaders to devote to improving civilization for the people. They left their legacy in the arts, public health and education, and in Victoria's conservative opinion and grief culture after Albert's death. But things are only briefly hinted at during the movie. <br /> It is fairly well-established that Victoria and Albert were not only folly of love, but held a respect level for each other not usually seen between monks in wedding rows. Even though he was born behind the scenes, certainly one of the best known was. Blunt and Friends have just the right kind of chemistry to make the famous pair of frightening, the proper mix of constraint and despair. It's a different love, not usually shown on screen, especially in this sort of movie. It encourages ultimately to see a relationship in which people and women are on an even equal field. <br /> But we do not get to see that enough love. While the filmmakers try to fit the affidavit of the trappings policy, it does not quite build the momentum required to maintain the high tension. Also, without delving into the most advanced public work in the fear, things are a bit of limbo, superficial instead of intimate, and sometimes confusing. It's not as big as a problem during the movie, but after that, the effects put in rather quickly and you find yourself trying to remember what you just look, despite the perfect performance by driving, most noticeably Blunt that even captures expression the famous monarch. <br /> <br /> As far as it tries, Victoria succeeds at many levels, but lacking certain brightness that would take it out of solid classics.
