Just when it was easy to assume that a drama costume about royalty could not go anywhere, we were given a treat, a moving and intelligent drama by strong and charismatic drama by Emily Blunt, a wonder of the leading role, Paul Bettany, Rupert Friends, Miranda Richardson, and Strong Strong, as the immediate forces that help shape the development of one of England's most powerful monks. "The Young Victoria" dramatize the tumultuous transition to the young woman in power. Emily plays the queen, with a good combination of raw and innocent forces, one who recognizes the complexity of the work at hand, but who owns enough confidence to move forward. She is able to show Victoria, as a crafty young woman who knows she needs the support of some key players and be able to stand in front of people who might now have her best interest at hand. Victoria <br /> <br /> <br /> Victoria must split a lot of intruder on her way to the crown, and even when he takes the order in his new position, he discovers the way to self sufficiency will depend on making some very important decisions and of course, the right support. Luckily for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who looks like her, she is her soul companion. There is amazing chemistry between the two performers, and there is little doubt that the outcome will be, but there is the face of Bettan's Prime Minister, a man who gives Victoria with some wise support and is also his fan. <br /> <Miranda Richardson and Strong Strong brands support the role of two parties that might be of doubtful character and exercise a considerable amount of power in the evolution of the girl. All of the characters supported can use a bit more in development, but what we can see on the screen might be enough to keep us focusing on the central character and a superb performance by Blunt, an actress who has shown enough fire and passion in previous performance. In here, it is given the role of evolution in his career, a real historical figure life, which broke the rules and managed to rule for a very long time. It shows the seeds in the strength and character of the monarch might need in later years. He also had a sweet and innocent who became the foundation of his charitable work and future interventions in social change. <br /> <br /> The "Young Victoria" is not a seasonal episode of England's dominant class. It is an intimate history of how human beings grow and regardless of their special circumstances surround and form them. In the end, the film is a beautiful entry in one year that has shown much emphasis on war and destruction. In here, there is a good writing message and good mediation can take us too far, and there's of course, a good old fashioned love story.
