Who knew? Dowdy Queen Victoria, the Fatty Monarch who was a virtual solitaire for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, actually led a life full of drama and intrigue on its youngest days. The 'Victoria Young' not only the Queen's romance story and her husband-to-be, but also makes a very good job of detailing the political machinations that surround her in the throne. <br /> <br /> The law I 'put-up' draws you right away. After Victoria's death, Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after Victoria's birth, the Duchess of Kent eventually tuned to Former Army Officer Jan Conroy, who offered her services as the controller of the widow and her baby Queen - they should. Conroy insisted that Victoria will be raised under the 'Kensington system' atrophy, rules designed to prevent the Queen of the future have any contact with other children while growing up. What's more, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's room every day until she became Queen. The movie explains that in 1830 Parliament passed the Regency Act, which established that Victoria's mother would become Regent (and hardened Guardian) in the event that Victoria accepts in the throne while still a minor. During this time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the hapless princess and insisted he signed paper to conroy his private secrets and treasurers. The strong-wishing victory would have no one, and he refused to go along with Conroy and his mother's nefarious plan. Duchess of King William William as he considered him a philosopher who had disobeyed the monarchy's respect; The king felt the Duchess respected his wife. As a result, the Duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the king. In an over-the-top scene that seems to have actually occurred in history, the King drinks the Duchess at his feast, stating that his purpose was to survive until Victoria came to his 18th birthday for his mother by to become regent. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria became eligible to enter the throne. Victoria took revenge on his mother for his support in Conroy, whom he blamed for making his childhood so miserable. They were both deported to a solitary apartment in Buckingham Palace and for a number of years Victoria had little contact with his mother. The 'Victoria Young' translates the excitement and pomp and circumstance surrounding Kraton Victoria as Queen. A good part of the film deals with Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the Prime Minister Whig party that unfortunately shows off the movie as less than it actually was. At the beginning of Melbourne, Queen Victoria's trust has gained good friendship. In the early years of his reign, he saw Melbourne as a progressive, but later lost his respect for him a bit as he was revealed to be a typical politician, hiding his masks he had supposed to compete. In fact, Melbourne was more of a Victoria father's face, but the movie hints at some sexual ties between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. The draw is when Melbourne is forced out and the Queen must commission Sir Robert Peel, to the Tory Conservative party, as the new Prime Minister. The Story Story movie in the 'Bedchamber Crisis' in which Peel resigns after Victoria refuses to replace some of her bedchamber ladies and the wives of Tory politicians. The film leaves another scandal involving a Lady Hastings, one of the lady-in-the-woman women who has been accused of having an affair with John Conroy and being conceived by her. Because of its hatred for Conroy, Victoria contributes to the nasty rumors that have spread over allegedly alleged Hastings'. As it turned out, Hastings only appeared pregnant ?? What he actually had had a tummy tummy. Victoria's exposure shows during the Bedchamber crisis but film scenarios ignored some of the more aspect of her character as evidence of Hastings Affairs. <br /> <br /> The rest of the Young Victoria deal and - of course - the romance between Queen and Prince Albert. Victoria was holding Albert waiting, as the film made clear, since she wanted to acclaim herself to her work as the new sovereign. They spent a good time matching each other until Albert returned to England and provided support to Victoria during times of attempting the Bedchamber crisis. <br /> I get a good number of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the current Queen's husband. While Philip was mainly Danish, he went to school in Germany and was in law in German background. Both Albert and Philip have made it their business to reform the Label Reform (there is a great scene where Albert discovers that the servants always put a table for King George III though he died for years!). Albert's struggle was the same as Philip Monk's husband, they found something to do. Both Albert and Philip participated in various civic projects and proved that they did not have to live in the shadow of their ever-popular wives. <br /> <br /> Fortunately there's an excellent scene toward the end of the film where Albert infuriates Victoria and he is perceived as his 'interference' in his affair. Albert does not want a second 'Bedchamber' crisis to get on his wife's head and arranging a compromise involving Victoria's bedside bed. Victoria is barely talking to Albert when a killer's bullet almost cuts them both (in the film Albert shot in the arm, but that never happened!). The performances of the movie are just as excellent, especially the directors, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friends. Victoria Victoria ends up quite suddenly and credits are closed too much in the direction of Hagiography (there is no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But 'Victoria' is still a drama engaging and fascinating story lessons.
