I was initially forced to go to my wife as she is captivated by the Royal Family in Britain and their stories, and she will not go to the movies without my. Although viewers should not expect to be electrified, this film is very well done and the visual aspect is second to none. In many ways she helped disappear myths that Victoria was miserable to the massage woman usually seen in pictures. It was a smartly clever and according to the story of her early years, a fun happy young woman. Her love of Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you only count the number of children she made (9), they had to have a passionate relationship. All that well done from the movie. For this, the cast was well selected with both Emily Blunt and Rupert Friends to perform sound performances as Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) The historic accuracy is somewhat skeptical as in no time did Prince Albert get shot while defending Victoria. There was at least one assassination attempt when they came out, but nobody was hit by the shot / s. I also found it odd that little was made to expand on the alleged intimate relationship between Victoria's mother and Sir John Conroy. It is quite possible that this relationship was the true reason for Victoria's unpleasant for both her mother and Conroy. I also found it odd that there was an attempt to show the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as erring on the boyfriend, or at least have the potential to become romantic. He was already at the end of his 50s when Victoria was sitting beside the throne, and while weddings between adult males and young women were common in this era, the movie shows Melbourne as something 30 superbly and rival to Prince Albert. There was apparently rival Albert, but he never could even marry a little below his station in life, and Albert was one of only a handful that would be acceptable in any case. has spent most of the time in the movie, and brownie points and my wife can not be a bad thing either.
