It is Queen Victoria's misfortune to be defined as a historical figure according to his relationship with humans. So after he succeeded in the throne he came under the influence of his Prime Minister Melbourne to the extent that he became known such as "Mrs Melbourne". After her husband's death, Albert, she was referred to as the "widower of Windsor", and later years, a long friendship with Scottish ghillie John Brown has earned her nickname "Mrs Brown" .These are women's prices paid in a patriotic society. The reality is somewhat different and "Young Victoria" goes some way towards putting the record straight, describing the queen as a young intelligent and independent youth conscious of the inequalities of his society and his court. The courts have always been jealous of draft, draw and counter, naked ambitions and sometimes murder. As a 18 year old innocent, Victoria got into his uncle's throne, thus starting a positive core of intrigue and a struggle struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne cut off an outlet in the Old Man's Public School in ways with his finely-honed cinema and cozy furniture of advice. Hardly surprising then the young queen finds herself in awe of him, and even perhaps a little bit of love, a trembling that he mercilessly exploits, drawing a fine line between seductive attempts and attempting sedition as he was political force in Victoria's earlier trial account. In the Albert Albert Albert arena, on a mission of King Leopold of Belgium, sting on political rapids between Britain and the rest of Europe. At first a thirsty thirst, he soon fell in love with the English queen and palliates the influence of politicians and courtiers. "The Young Victoria" is a very good photo, brilliant-scored and very wealthy movie. I remember being criticized in some cases for this rich as if a movie about 19th-century English Royalty must somehow have shown Empress in India and her family living in old clothes in a dirty worker ........ I do not think so. I must only remarkably reminiscent of Miss Emily Blunt whose beauty reminds me of the young Princess Margaret.It is obviously the essence of the essence, and she has absolutely no problem in dominating the movie despite strong performances at Mr Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter, all of the more experienced ones. The music is decent regal and forms a cohesive part of the movie all without being in any tropical way. The fact that Brita developed much more from its great Queens, Elizabeth the First and Victoria, than at any other time is a Feminist problem might like to do more, but I suspect, as Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher really powerful woman does they feel uncomfortable. If you can work, why might be a Ph.D. in it.
