In general, I thought it was a very nice movie - I hate to use the 'pretty' word as it rather dry but it was pretty much looking at and the central performances by Rupert Friends and Emily Blunt were very strong. What I liked most was that despite the brilliant aesthetics of costumes and environments, all gilded and bright, this aspect never took over the heart of the movie that was good, strong writing (thank you Julian Fellowes: D); Nothing is too flamboyant or saturated with pomp, I'm not so much stunning (when Victoria is dragging out of bed to be informed she is now Queen, well you could not find a hand less glamorous about in the crown). It was slowly rhythmic and all the lines of the film were held worth it. Undoubtedly the portrait of the love between Victoria and Albert, though a bit fairytale-me on the face of her, was in fact a slowly burning candle with Friends and Blunt did well to show how eforman these two people are ' Together together the union was initially arranged (my small piece was when they came home after hunting and Victoria simply hugged her husband from behind; many say without any words, that movie is all about). Blunt has kept her own very well as well, she has a face that requires your attention and I can not mention the costumes that she put-all one simply gorgeous. If I was blunt I would have problems separating with any of them! The rest of the ensemble cast all played their role well, Harriet Walter as Queen Adelaide was a record. <br /> <br /> The only grave I have, is that it lacks a sense of urgency, or an event that might have made the movie a little more interesting? (It was rather tame) I do not know, I wanted 'something' happened that would have Victoria draw out some strength and prove it's worth a little more. When he and Albert were discussing, I loved it, I could do with some of the most important dramatic moments, though that's just me. <br /> <br /> Finally, at risk of sounding all patriotic, it has renewed a sort of pride and awe in the crown and it takes to be in such a position, especially in one so young. This may be part of the fact that this movie snap shot in the life of Victoria's youth is instantly just with what I wrote for a character in my 'sword and the scion' but nevertheless, she did flag up the feeling (for those who follow my book, can you guess what Victoria characters are so precisely reflected?) It might have been part of the movie showing how ridiculous the government has returned in those days as they did not seems to provide two vaccines on the poor and landed in the country, which only in turn renewed appreciation that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this domesticated area. He made the government appear rather useless - nothing much has changed then I would believe. <br /> <br /> Blog about films and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
