What more can be said? I was not this captivating with a young actress since Cate Blanchett broke out on stage over ten years ago. And although both Blanchett and Blunt played Queens now (seem to be the reference to rising and coming actresses), their role is to oppose full polar. <br /> <br /> Simply put if you are looking for high passion, compelling drama, and Machiavellian intrigue, this is not the movie for you. This does not mean that the script or direction was bad, it just that the subject of the film did not lead too dramatic a lifetime when compared to other remarkable royals like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor in Acquitane. These are people whose lives were the thing like good soap operas were made in and having rules and decisions to change the course of British, and in most cases, world history. Victoria, in contrast, set up the throne without any incident, and casi governed a nation that soon became a global power due to industrialization and increase in the marine, State has a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and he married young family had a harmonious family life. The facts of its life by the Sturm and Drag like powerful drives are made of. The heart of the movie, aside from the attempt to dramatize its stultifying excursions and machinations surrounding her throne, is the story of one thing that's really shocking and surprising about her governing - a love story. Marriage made for financial or political reasons is and the reason not necessarily where to look for worlds push passions, yet Victoria is still remembered in history as being sort of a Family Patricite marriage fidelity, happiness and ideal family life. So central to the film is the budding love of Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very upset and characterizing the Rupert Friend of Albert who she described as a kind, patient, a bit picky and maybe a touch of naive young man, looking to "make the world good with help". In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure to base a drama around, but as it is not point in the story, no matter. The heart of the bright character of thanks to the performance of Friends is understated yet reliable. <br /> <br /> As for the Queen, well..Emily Blunt is Sublime. Her beauty can not be denied, but it is more than a nice thing to look at; His face is like quicksilver because of his expression. The slightest arch of the eyebrows, look at the eye or slight smile lead many things. Again, this is not a bonmatic performance in heavy speeches and fascinating enthusiasts, it's not the kind of movie. But what Ms. Blunt does and the role is to show the humanity of the character and the finer subtleties. For example, we see the living beings kept in check by the mother of Victoria (Miranda Richardson) and lover adviser / lover Conroy expressed in the simple things like Victoria trying to draw her dog. We see his fun and passion on Albert's first meeting by his eyes were always drawn to him. We see her nervous and overwhelmed when addressing Parliament on her accession. And my favorite scene at all in the movie - we see her nervous, happy, and hope as she sings herself to do so really most women should never do in their lives - ask the man he likes to marry her. , a ridiculous proposal for those times (and some would say right now) that Victoria bursts out of nervous laughter before she can even say "marry me". Again, this is not a movie for the head much larger than life expression, but more a study of the intricacies of a character and doing little things to tell a lot. <br /> So, in general, I'm judging the movie is not what it was and what he tried to do and as I gave it a 7. I felt that some of the politics could be better explained and that some Beautiful actors were wasted and little to do with little character development, namely Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of Kent, and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film does not have to spend a lot of time on these characters, but a little more exposure would help explain the political environment. Also, I would like to see more of the adjustment of married life between Victoria and Albert, but this can just be my greed for more scenes between Friends and Blunt. In summary, do not watch this movie in terms of a historical drama but for what it really is, a love story between two characters that happen to be historical figures. I give this movie a solid 7 for lead performance beautiful, brilliant costumes and scenery with the magnificent Victoria of Emily Blunt. And anyone with any little romance left in them, you will be touching the end of this movie. God rescues the Queen.
