The cinematic interests of the British monarchy are continuing with the Young Victoria (1837-1901), after seeing in recent years, efforts with the Duchess Keira Knightley, the film Elizabeth Cate Blanchett, and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman about the sisters Boleyn and the other Boleyn girl. More contemporary contemporary would include Helen Mirren's present award winning queen of the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II at the turn of Diana Diana's death. Each of the films mentioned stunning actresses and acting gravitas (ok, so some may argue Johansson) or have been flavored at the time, and each movie has a definite moment in its historical character's heritage that it becomes a brainer by These events have been featured, and in fact Elizabeth had enough to span two films. However, the Young Victoria, as the title already suggests, is a literary version of the young queen's life, and if you are looking for this event definitively, or discontinued in discontinuing political harm to all family homes and transactions and shadow, self-serving politicians, unfortunately there is nothing in depth here. <br /> <br /> This does not mean the Victoria Victoria is without. Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (best known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film story of the very clear, life-and-time film of Victoria (Emily Blunt, soon becomes new to It Girl) when he a child, the issues she had faced before ceremonies such as Her Mother's Duchess's Heritage in Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her mentor Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong) to appoint themselves as regent joints in her throne, as previously planned by King William (Jim Broadbent). As if that was not enough, playing in political power came into the picture with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) being a Prime Minister-in-awaiting trying to gain confidence in the new queen, with his subtle self-ally plant trust in the position of the palace. On one hand you would understand the need for a young man, and the new Queen trusted people in key positions, but on the other, are really acting in interest, or in the interests of others? /> Even this angle of intrigue ramps in its romantic history and Prince Albert (Rupert Friends), where the relationships form the bulk of the second half of the movie, and pretty much everything already included in the trailers. For both, being carried on the influence of others, he said every step of the way exactly what to do. Even the unions can seem like a firm registration in an alliance, if not for both lovers to recognize their common needs in establishing their own base, and doing so with the help of each other. Instead of being pawn, there is in this constant search and probe of opportunities to break out of stifling, and in absurd times, rules and regulations. Trust also becomes an invaluable commodity, and loyalty too can be commercial for wanting to put the slate clean. <br /> However, all this comes but a breeze in the narrative, childhood romance, and children. In fact, there are plenty of fast-sent here, especially the last few minutes filled with inter-titles, that he actually leaves the audience wanting for more, and the course room for another movie, which I suspect probably does not see light in the day, but maybe a TV set could pick up on the movie's response, and out with a mini-series or those. It is a pity that all of this effort here is to ensure the gorgeous costumes, sex and artistic direction should be imprisoned in a well-lighted film of terms and briefly mentioned in issues, that they do not really challenge their protagonists in order to allow for some character-defined defenders. <br /> With its star-cast cast, one would expect more, but one should leave wanting more instead. Recommended for those who are curious about Kings and Queens in the British monarchy, only as a complement to other more engaging stories available in the other films already mentioned.
