Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line for the throne in England. Now King William (Jim Broadbent) is not well and can not live long. However, Vicky's mother, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and his assistant, John (Mark Strong) want to force Victoria to sign the papers declaring them to be the "Regents" until it is older, since it is only 20 years of age. The girl refused, despite John slapping her around. It is another sign that Victoria has a strong and deep love for her country. But when William passed away, shortly after his 21st birthday, Victoria knew he had a heavy duty before him. First, he must surround himself with the "right" advice to govern wisely. She chooses the beautiful Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) who, although an older man, is mentioned as a thirst for Vicky. Which brings us to the queen of the queen. Better than not, the queen should choose his future spouse, as it will bring stability to his life and give people to the kingdom, for an heir to be revealed in the coming years. Meanwhile, in Germany, some families in the British royal family are making some plans as well. Beautiful Prince Albert (Rupert Friends), in the Saxon-Coburg dynasty, is prodded by his father in the English King's court. Once it comes to the palace, it is struck and the feeling seems to be mutual. But since he is a minor player on the match-royal map, he can succeed in winning his heart? This is a beautiful movie, made even better by a performance completely won by Emily Blunt as Victoria. Yes, it is nice, but it is her smart readings in the role of great scores. Friends, too, do well, as do the other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a bustling role!), And the rest. Also, the film is gorgeously shot, stocked, and laid, making it a visual treat in any way. If anything is missing, it is an extra dose of dazzling eyes, as the movie looks a bit too straightforward and prosaic, at times, and a bit somewhat inimitable. However, this is only a minor, minor points of argument in a very successful film and gorgeous movie. In short, young and old, should make time for Young Victoria. It is a most deserved film among the 2009 Cinemas offering.
