Apart from having the longest King of British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also holds two other distinctions. He, apart from our current Queen, the oldest ever British, living at the age of 81. And it was also the least British ever (as opposed to English or Scottish monarchs), in the throne as a girl eighteen. But every time TVs or movies make a program or movie about it, they seem far more interested in the Victoria than older men in the girls; The version of Victoria and that modern audience is probably most familiar is Judi Dench's "Mrs Brown". The "Young Victoria" attempts to recover the balance does not show us events surrounding his accession and the early years of his reign. It had rare distinctions for being produced by an ancient Royal, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice has made a brief appearance as an extra. <br /> There are three main strings on the field. The first concerns of the mothers of Victoria, the Duchess of Kent, a very popular figure even with her own daughter, largely because of the influence of her mentor Sir John Conroy, who was widely rumored to be his lover . (According to an unfounded rumor, and not the Duke of Kent, was natural father Victoria). The second romance of the romance is growing between Victoria and German cousin Prince Albert, and the attempts of King Leopold of Belgium, who was uncle to both of them, influenced this romance. (Leopold's hopes raised the prestige of the house of Saxe-Coburg, where both Albert and Albert belonged to). Third concerns are one of the strangest episodes of the British political history, the Bedchamber Crisis in 1839, when supporters of the Tory Party (who traditionally supported a strong monarchy) riot because the young Queen knew in favor of the Whig Party and the leaders Lord Melbourne, though the Whigs had historically supported a Republican-republican system of government, and the monarch reduced to a figure. <br /> <br /> Scriptwriter Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative opinion, and at times I am surprised if this may have its colored treatment treatment in political terms, as it seems to lean to the side of the Conservatives, the predecessors of the modern Conservative party. Robert Peel's leaders are shown as Statesmanlike and dignified, whereas Melbourne, for his grip and charm, is shown to be devious and uninteresting in social reforms. Some truths are these features, but Fellowes glossens on the fact that only a few years earlier Tories have opposed the Reform Act, which ended the electoral corruption system in rotting borough, and was benefited from constitutional dismissal of William IV to a Whig administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons in dynastic and constitutional lessons do not always transfer assets to the movie screen, and this one has its share of inaccuracies. Prince Albert, for example, was not injured in Edward Oxford's attempt on the life of Victoria, and Melbourne (at the end of his late soldier at Victoria's accession) did not like juvenile as it is described here by Paul Bettany. King William IV certainly did not duchess in Kent (his sister-in-law), but I doubt if he would go too far to abuse his illness during a state banking, as shown here. I also failed to understand the meaning of the stage in which the Duchess and Conroy try to force Victoria to sign a "Order Regents"; The Duchess's constitutional position was made clear by the 1830 Regan Act, which provided that it would rule if his daughter was still under eighteen at the time of his accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could change the provisions of the Act. There are also occasional infelicite. In one early stage we see Victoria and Albert playing chess while comparing themselves to the pawn moves around a scalpel, a metaphor for hacking that the entire scene should have come complete with a "danger! Great Than Front!" warning. But in spite of such scenes, I came to enjoy the movie. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as the Duching Duchess and Strong Mark as Conroy's obnoxious. It is visually beautiful, being shot in our rich style has become associated with historic historical drama. Jim Broadbent provided a fun turn as King William, although he occasionally jumped the temptation to go over the head. (Although not as smoothly over the head as it was in "Moulin Rouge"). The main purpose of the film's success, however, is the performance of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friends as the two teenagers Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria was in real life, but in his delightful painting the Queen has no longer the old lady of the popular imagination, the black-clad widow of Windsor who has been perpetually not amused, but a determined, strong-minded and love young. Love for Albert, and happy family life together, was one of the main reasons why the monarchy succeeded in restoring himself to the affections of the British people. (With the exception of George III, the Hannover Victoria ancestors were notoriously missing in the matrimonial virtues). Blunt and Friends make the "Victoria Young" a touch romance with a human drama striking as well as an exploration of a key period in British history. 8/10
