The legend of the inauguration Andrei Konchalovsky 4 with a half hour poem in Siberia is not to begin at once, because it must hold back for space, because it takes its time of exploration rotation in half-remembered childhood memory of a turn- of-the-century backwoods village, yet the film goes on picking up steam buildings in emotional resonance as if the same sounds and images composed it become embossed by sheer associations and subjects with these high quality dignity Staying quiet is characterized by the spirit of Soviet workers. Konchalovsky celebrates Soviet collectivity but in an almost revisionist manner such as Soy Cuba and the invincible mood is reflective and reflective. News of the revolution came to the Siberian desert town of the grape. The fruits of her work reach her only when a global war requires young men to engage. Throughout this, the zero konchalovksy on the person, with care and affection to examine the bitter and sorry of the woman who was waiting 6 years after the war for a never-existing fiancé, long wait to go out and gets a barad in a boat and velvet sex with which she leaves years later back to her village to care for an aging uncle who killed the fiance's father and an ax, the irreverence frenzy of the fiancee who returned from the war to a hero 20 years too late, do not return for the sake of the girl she left behind, but to exercise oil for the Fatherland, the despair and resignation of the Regional Party Leader among the ages coming back to her Siberian village and purpose The salt is blotting it out of the map to build a power plant. The high-profile films come from decades to decades from the 10 to 80's and amazing footreals ending Soviet history from the hunger war revolution and the technological technological achievements of an empire (terrific visual here! All kinetic violence and angular peaks with flickering vaccine shots in crowds and faces) but the current film focuses on the person, on triumphs and small and large folies. By the second half a sense of bittersweet fatalism creeps; in broken lives that never reached choking progress and regret and desire. "It does not matter", seems like the world is saying, that Konchalovksy replied "it must have problems" because the protagonists keep on trying for redemption .. But behind this legend of 'man against landscapes' Something similar to hover, shadows, almost substanceless, like eternal eternal hermits that appear in every guide segment or rebounding their protagonists, sometimes a spectactor, sometimes low of enigma; a little behind and above all other simple and logical logic incomprehensible challenges and affirmations of the human character, something invisible looks persistent. Zans of the ancestors appear in sepia dreams, repeating shots of a brilliant star of the nightsky, a curious bear, true Eternal Old Himself; Konchalovksy calls for awe and reverence before a mystical country in some other order. In his treatment of a fog community struggling with nature's progress and time and in the way he learns to deal with them, it's often ridiculous and tragic at the same time, and how the director never allowed cynicism to pass on his immediate- , she reminds me of Shohei Imamura's deepest desires of the gods. When, in a dream scene, Alexei tears in the boards of a door that plastered a propaganda poster of Stalin to reach out of his father (died) as he disappeared from the fog, the film's hints at the betrayal of The Soviet dream, or better yet, of all that is lost in the revolution, this betrayal has made more explicit in the movie fire denier. The amazing, elegiac and somber visuals and a raw naturalist corner, help seal the deal. At the end of it, a derric oil erupts in flames and films in erupting in a wild explosion of pure cinema.
