I have something for old black and white films of this type, movies by Will Hay and Abbot & Costello especially as these are my favorites. I chose this movie on DVD as it was using the same idea as Will Hay's "Oh Mr Porter" which is one of the finest comedies ever made. I just watch this movie less than ten minutes ago (the movie ends at 12:45 am). I find that movies in this type, do with Ghost Train, etc., are best seen in the night and the lights out. In this way you get to the most upmarket scenario and watch the work time well with this film. <br /> <br /> One-piece material in the movie can seem a bit dating to some viewers, I guess this depends on the viewer. They do not date me though. I am 28 and though I'm not old enough to have been around then the first movie was released (my father was the same). I still have a lot of appreciation for some of the old movies of this type. Sitting in front of the TV room with some snacks and drinks and kicking back and relaxing at night while watching these movies, not much can beat the feeling you get while doing this. It's an escape from reality for a while. <br /> I noticed that one of the guys in the movie (it has a black mustache) it appeared on three quarters of the way in the movie after his car crash and is looking for a woman she was following at the station. This man was in the classic will "The Holy Spirit at St. Michaels" too. Just thought I would point out that in case no one noticed :). The pieces put in the movie are very atmospheric. Outside the abandoned station looks good and as if there is no soul for miles in any direction, and inside of the station is very cozy looking away from the raging outside storm. I felt I would have liked to be in the movie and throw in. The atmosphere of this movie is something that's missing in a lot of movies right now. It keeps you wired from the moment the movie begins until it ends. <br /> We need more of this type of movie in today's market. But unfortunately it might be overlooked in favor of movies and stripping and humor swearing with humor. This sort of movie makes era (the Ghost Train, Oh Mr Porter, etc.) to me is the golden age of movies!
