This movie looks like a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie - description of the plot, dance numbers, zippy music and the whole formula that includes ... except for Ginger! Whether it really was originally intended as a re-kek of the team is certain but it sure has to look at one of these films. Instead of following the sidekicks for Fred (like Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen have been used - probably since they were known as a comedy team, they could sing and dance well. This actually shocked me, but the team was a welcome addition to some of Fred's traditional and ginger numbers made with either Fred and Gracie or those with George. Only once, at the very end, Ms. Fontaine danced with Fred but was very short with a far camera injection. <br /> Then talk about Burns and Allen, I think I must read in the team talking about them in the movie. I've never been a fan of their shows or movies. Overall, I found Gracie's idol very annoying and I gave some poor reviews in his movie shorts and full-length films. However, in this film I must admit that they were great - not just dancing completely, but I actually thought they were funny and full of holes left Edward Everett Horton very nicely. They were on top of the games and the writers did a wonderful thing in this department. <br /> Now, as for the rest of the movie, it's all a lot of fun and fun. The problem for me, though, was that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the movie - not only because he was acting outside his range (after all, he was not a singer or dancer), but because he There is screen attendance in a ball of bow. Therefore, the usual balance and great boy-girl dialogue was missing. There was also a very good performance by Harry Watson as a little devilish boy who did everything he could to play Cupid - all because he wanted to win a bet! And finally, I liked the Fun and Tunnel House in Love Sequence - it's too hard to describe, but it's so fun to look! In general, I did as the movie quite a bit - it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, it was also featured in a bold performance by Mrs. Fontaine who struck at one point - bringing my notes to this film at 7.
