Soon Americans would swarm on a black, damaged England preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937 the picture of the Indian hip in Sunny, a little ridiculous country of the province was an appeal, idylically rehab. American Dancing Star & Heartthrob Jerry Halliday (Astaire), in a European tour and exhausting the crowds screaming crowds produced by the luxurious propaganda of his manager (Burns), is unwittingly caught up in the wedding prospects of crumpled heretic Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). This story is complicated by a betting pool among the Marshmorton Servants who run by (and rigidly) chiefs Keggs Keggs (Gardiner), who is betting on Lady Alice's cousin Reggie (Noble), the favorite of Alice's butcher , a dominant one (Collier). This story would be best as a half-hour TV episode. Wodehouse usually draws devices that identify errors and jumps to bad conclusions in a full-length movie. Both Alice & Jerry appear impossibly (and annoyingly) clueless by the second half of the movie. The amusement park entertainment & The biggest points in the castle are too long & start to drag. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified & too quiet to be a blonde dose, no matter how aristocratic, while young footman Albert (Watson) is terrible painful. But while "Damsel" is a very diminutive machine for many talents, the talent does not let you down. The romantic comedy Astaire's comedy is no less enjoyable here than in any of its films and Rogers generations with its dance performances, both solo & and burns & allen, up to par, though one dance and novice hoofer Joan is necessarily tame. Gracie nearly steals the whole show as George's betty secretary who at once airheaded, convinced & frankly independent trust. His scene with solid actor Gardiner as Keggs's Snowboarding Snowboarding is a one-of-a-kind classic. This priceless scene with the Astaire and the madness makers give "Damsel" a delightful color of naive but noble-American dynamics mixed with noble, but mat-spirited English. Gershwin is at the top of his game and "Nice to Work If You Can Get It" & "Lips Upper Lip," which brings the movie to its weakest point. Is there another movie where madrigas get a Gershwin swing treatment? "Damsel" is more than a piece of trivia for those who might want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before it was a real star. It's a fine rehabilitation as fun as any of the 1930s roar music comedy, but never will be born again.
