In a most famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell showed that many readers still regrettably that Dickens never continued to write as he did in PICKWICK PAPER: that's it, he did not stick writes comic episodic novels to all the rest of his career. That would not be too difficult for Dickens. Robert Surtees contemporain has done so justice, only focusing on the misadventures in the fox hunt series (MR. FONY RANK REFERRAL REPORT is a title in one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers Surtees still have something to do, but most people find his novel unreadable. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than a funny person (and remember his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also a comic book). So Dickens's third book is OLIVER TWIST (which got pretty gloomy at point). Orwell says that for any author to grow they have changed the style of the books. Dickens would definitely have (with success) agreed with that. But Orwell neglects the genre writer who transcends his friends. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer focused on hunting - but not everyone who is interested in hunting. But P.G.Wodehouse saw himself as an artist, poking fun at the upper reach of the British social system. Earl of Emsworth is evidence of raising the finest pig in England being ... well Earl of Emsworth! Psmith is always prepared to attack attacks when it is supposed to submit to a superior superiority. Stanley Uckridge will still have a "perfect" scheme that should not be a huge profit (but always managed to come apart at the end). And best of all, Jeeves is still putting his brilliant brain into Bertie Wooster's rescue work shame, his boss. Since Wodehouse had a limited look at his mission as a writer - he had to make the cartoon figure of fun for the entertainment of the world - books he never lost to the glow. They served (and always served) their goals. In fact, comparing Wodehouse with her most contemporary far away Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote comic books, but in a more intellectual type. Best of Waugh remains among the high points of 20th century British literature: BRIDESHEAD REVIEW, DECLINE AND FALL, and the rest. But in his determination to make his point, if his point failed to reader's interest the book often fell. For each VIZ BODY there were some late failures in his career as ORDEAL in GILBERT PINFOLD. While Wodehouse was able to do less work hack too, falling he did not go as far as Waugh did. Wodehouse has also been a gifted lyricist (when you hear "Bill" in ScoreBOAT score, it's not Kern and Hammerstein's mix but Kern and Wodehouse's transposition from the "Oh Lady, Lady" dozen years earlier). It was a dramatic handy too. So it is fun to see that he took his novel a DAMSEL in the DISTRESS and was back in the scenario here. <br /> It has the usual Wodehouse touch. This perfect keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a wonderful performance) is a scam of manipulating a "friendly" gambling lucky among the staff of his three-storey masterpiece home. It is also able to avoid, occasionally, from Italian opera singing - despite Constance Collier's attempt to control his impulse. This is typical Wodehouse characterization. So, the way the affair love between Lady Alyce and Jerry keep going well and going down due to the antics of Keggs and young Albert, both of whom want to win the game of luck to cash in cash. Wodehouse always does make that type of change shift, and antagonists change their point of view depending on their present state of interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was lucky here to have Burns and Allan to work with them. It is generally considered that all of the films are made as actors supported together (like six of a child and we are not dressed) George and Gracie made their best support with Fred Astaire. The fun home sequel, including the song "Upper Lip Luster", is wonderful, as is the earliest sequence where the three make a ballet "Ballet Ballet" (which Astaire learned from Burns). But Gracie's wonderful logic is used by Wodehouse at Scene and Gardiner (see how she manages to confuse her in giving more money than the change she deserves - only Albert happens to Keggs / Gardiner's notice of error, and look at Gardiner as if it's either stupid or upset. His diary, the son of Reggie (Ray Noble, the British band leader) led him to imagine that he would marry her, but saying goodbye to Gracie as she drives off and George married is wonderful too. The movie supposedly failed in the box office because of the lack of Ginger Rogers in it, with the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine does not perform a remarkable job in the role, but the flaw is really Wodehouse - he did not make the character very interesting. But the movie can stand without, giving the other performers and the characters Gershwin's music, and Wodehouse's wonderful sense of pleasure.
