Before 'Zavet' there was similarity between Tim Burton and Kusturica artistic vision. They find their own, poetic style, and then they laugh at becoming prisoners in it. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow have been praised for repeating same formula on and over again. However, there are people like me who find funny jokes only when they hear it the first time. This is the main reason Kusturica in the worst movies 'Black Cat White Cat' and 'Life is Miracle'. 'Zavet' is something completely different. You can love it, you can hate it, but this is not just another poetic Kusturica ?? Balkan Dreams. Of course, if you want to praise, you have to play safely. It was very easy for Kusturica to do just another flying film gypsum and getting premiums. Fortunately, as a brave man chooses to make films that will be ironic look at his previous work. 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and harsh parody of previous Kusturica films directed by Kusturica himself. It is nice to see one big movie director does not take it too seriously. This is the quality that Kusturica has and even the largest, such as Bergman or Kubrick, did not have. This movie is so nonsense that becomes absurd, so absurd becomes deep, and so unfunny becomes hilarious. The same thing that 'Plan 9 out of outer space' would make this masterpiece to those who know how to look. Average Western viewers would not find some references. Most notable, tire shop owner is Srbljanovic, and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, famous Serbian writer writer. Politically, he is very active as the leftist liberalist, and he despises Kusturica's political views and lawlessness. The Kusturica 'everything, but not subtle' taken from its work was castrated Miki Manojlovic in Srbljanovic shop. Second reference is made to Goran Bregovic ?? before the composer Kusturica. It formed 'Funeral and Orchestra' and began to make around Europe. Although he is praised as great composer, Bregovic is just performing with most of his songs (if not all) are poorly covered in traditional Serbian songs. The Kusturica taking on Bregovic has confronted a single marriage with a funeral, and funeral mocking wedding. Also, Western music classic as 'London Bridge is falling' or French lullabies. Do you get this unfunny? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when Bregovic's terrible cost is covered. I really like this movie because it does not pretend to be deep, it is so transferred with symbols that it becomes parody, and it is very well-directed, as all of its works. If you love Kusturica's movies, there is a great chance that you will hate this. If you do not like couples in his latest movies, you can find this as surprise bandwidth, because this is like Fellini's directing 'Pink Flamingos'. About bi. I have respect for this guy after 'Zavet'. Next movie Tim Burton would surely have the main character and talk face. Next kusturica cinema can be easily done on foreign invasions of the Earth. That's the reason it's the most exciting director on Earth, if you like it or not.
