Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty in Japan. A real voice! I've heard great reviews for the movie and rent it from Netflix. Am I glad I did! In many ways this movie reminds me of the old style of Japanese classic film-from the 1940s and 1950s that I've come to love so much, as seen in the Yasujiro Ozu pictures - the same credit titles start the same the way, with the Japanese letters (characters) in red against neutral colors. I immediately thought: this director likes Ozu. The same style was used: mainly indoors and only a few outdoor scenes. Even a couple of "pillow shots", as Roger Ebert calls them. The film's strength is built on the love of the characters one by one. <br /> <br /> The story follows the lives of a Japanese family before, and during, and after, Second War Two. The mother cared for her growing girl better than she could after the father (a university professor) was arrested for anti-war sympathy. He never released and only had a few short meetings with his wife in prison before he died of famine and illness. Meanwhile a senior student of the teacher comes by often helping take care of the mother and two girls. She begins to fall in love with the mother and she is a surrogate father for the two girls. But war begins with it to shoot and have to say a bad abrupt habit. Will they express their love for one another? Will he ever return from the war? <br /> <br /> There are many hearts and gentle spirits in the lead actress Sayuri Yoshinaga. It's almost kind of Madonna, it's so nice! Great science eyes and imperfect skin. The actor who plays the student is phenomenal as well: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a tender performance. There are no mashes in it at all; It is gentle and kind. I would certainly like to see both of these two in other movies. I think I'll check to see what is available for them. The little children actresses are beautiful too. <br /> The movie is just released on NTSC DVD for American audiences, and very easy to read English translations. I gave it a 10 out of 10 on the IMDb. I was calling almost the same as the Japanese movie classic Ven-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
