"I hate the stories that start with a funeral, but I'm afraid this one begins the day we buried George ... It's not that we've buried it in the environmental interests we've burned. " So speak Elizabeth (Judi Dench), George's widow. He led a comfortable, life-predictable and George. He has two children who grow up with a 12-year-old grandson. But when she was 15 and at school, in the middle of World War II, she played the bag at night into an all-girls girl (almost every girl) called blonde bombs. 'Almost' was because the drummer was Patrick, a spacious naughty who had no idea to fight and possibly be dead. With a yellow wig, a long red dress and makeup, Patrick looked almost as good as the others. <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth found herself in the attic of her house playing the sax she was wearing away. He practiced, but only when George was out of the house on the golf course. Her daughter, surprised at how good Elizabeth is, begins to talk about how blond bombs can be assembled and playing in her school dance .. Then Elizabeth meets Patrick (Ian Holm), now just as an old aging as Elizabeth, and as many attracted her as he was over 50 years ago (He also attracted all the other members of the bombshells. The roses that appeared on his bass drum had a special meaning attests to her affection.) Well, why not see if the other members can locate, and why not give it a shot for a performance performance at her daughter's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? A member of the group is gaga. One dies. One in prison. One was saved by the Salvation Army. One can find no trace of. One is the last known to be in the United States. One is a professional singer and has no intention of doing a gig school, even for a reunion. But one by one Elizabeth and Patrick bring together members to survive in their bombshells. We do not know if enough of them can get. Repetitions are more often than not in turn off-key Shambles. While doing so, we shared Elizabeth's flashlight in what life was like when he and Patrick were young in war-time London, playing in the band while the bombs fell. As terrible as it was, it was the most exciting time in life. When the night of Elizabeth's dance came, of course, the blond bombs, filled with jitters and renewed friendship, blew the teens away. And Elizabeth informs us that Bombshells will continue to play in their gigs, and that he and Patrick have no plans to marry ... but do not see anything wrong with a little bleeding around. <br /> <br /> This is sentimental hogwash, expertly done, and not bad at all. What makes it work is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the theme, "Hot-hearted comedy," I usually recoup unless the actors are first-rate. Dench and Holm are wonderful to watch as they take something like light-weight and predictable as this script and turn it into something that charms us. Then there's the "old big" gambit that's fun if you remember the old ages. Among the blond bombs are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine three songs and almost over-balance production. It is so strong and unique to a jazz talent that while it's singing the program almost becomes Cleo Lines Show. Another attractive feature is the number of great songs WWII played in swing strong.
