Many of the elderly grief and almost immediately after the husband's death (Dame Judy Dench), the widow, girly tenor Saxophone Player has come down to openly return to her music fun. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth has no longer practiced playing sax in the attic. As she grows more fun and plays in the open, Elizabeth takes a tour on the memory line, remembering when she was a 15 year old member of a jazz swing band, the "Blond Bombshells": supposedly, an all-tiny group WWII girls in talented jazz swing singers. One of the band's band "Blonde Bombshells" was a womanizing, cross-dressing drummer, Patrick (Ian Holm), and that Elizabeth remained friends. <br /> <br /> Both Patrick & Elizabeth 12-year-old grand-daughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), Elizabeth's press round former senior members and taken together again; This time as a bunch of sex agendas. Among the band members she finds (still foxy!) Bass play, Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dina (Olympia Dukakis), a play trumpet, alcohol and out-talk, money-grubbing divorced and widowers living in wealth from many (ancient) weddings to a Scottish Craigievar castle; Gwen, (real life US jazz singer star, Clio Laine), she's in the lead vocal; Annie, (Jen Whitfield), as Salomon Army's trap player; Betty, (late-banner player, Joan Sims), who is in the training of ivory keys in a Hastings pub. As the Elizabeth, Patrick & Joanna Scout World for 1940's members and try to convince them to summarize together, Elizabeth is often times around her head as she learns more than she wants to know about adult life - including her own - while They will have a terrific and explosive music explosion featuring the 'alive' blond bombs. <br /> <br /> Fun, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, multi-generation entertainment that is seriously fun. The actors deliver great performance. Regardless of their age, they are always animated by Bombshell who put on a show. (The DVD is now out & worthy because of the bonus features & Dolby Digital sounds). Surely as a fan of any of these stunning VHS actors is a collector's item.
