One of America's most brilliant film directors was without Elia Kazan question. His directive engineering has not been particularly suited to thrill thrillers, since Kazan needs more space to breathe and to be slower and more subtle. However, 'panic in the streets' is a first-rate social thriller and is if anything more relevant to today than it was 1950 when it was released. The terms of illegal migrants, human-smuggling, imminent, rapid transmissions across the world of disease (Richard Widmark's anxiety said, 'I might be in any American city in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow.'), Ethnic and ghettoism is anxiety today more than ever. This film features a spectacular first film by Jack Palance, with a great performance by Barbara Bel Geddes, two course casting in engineering. Richard Widmark is allowed by a psychopath for once, and is a caring, deeply loved, intense hero of the deeply caring people. It basically leads a one-man campaign to stop an epidemic of pneumonia in New Orleans, struggling to convince the sluggish politicians and policemen who have no problem with having a problem. There is a race against time to find the long-term thyroid that has contracted the disease of an illegal immigrant dead in 48 hours, before the whole city, and as they always remind us, the whole country is in danger and the worst thing since the 1919 flu. An amazing scene where Jack Palance, who is infected, prevents climbing aboard a boat by a rat-barrier on the rope is the ironic of the extreme, reminds us of the most rational terms that people can most carriers and pests all . The dramatic dramatic scene of the so-called 'coffee factory' of the most rival surface climate rivals wharfs in Hitchcock, and with just as spectacular an environment. Many non-professionals appear in the film, which have genuine realism in, well, something called reality. Kazan really takes the cameras in places where people rarely go, and where even rats would think twice. This film was a big feat of socialism. If it misses the most stringent electricity in the scandals, it is because Kazan has taken it so seriously that it could not hype it up, for after all, the threat of plague is serious enough to scare anyone without The need for extra weapons and molls. The only unfortunate thing about the movie is the title, which provides a fake suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was nothing but superficial. It is clear that this project a public duty, to alert our genuine possibilities. If only these possibilities have been reduced today, alas, they will get worse every day. One day after a worldwide epidemic, this film can show a few survivors as an example of how an epidemic has been on film, but its lessons have been forgotten.
