A small hobby of life goes down to the old cinema in the rental shop, and picking things just because I have not seen it. A great fun is to occasionally take home this movie and find a small treasure like this playing on my screen. <br /> <br /> Long before Elia Kazan turned his head into a brand cranking out only remarkable movies (not good people), making it better than media drama. Watching it you start to notice how many decent, good or nicely observed scenes have accumulated. Contrarily with his later film where the great secret drama ... great preference, with insults, and scandals. Kazan was eventually more of a developer calculator than a director. (no thanks) <br /> <br /> its overused future was hinted to here only in the draw. The epidemic is coming! But here's an atypical Richard Widmark playing a family man in 1951 and avoiding most of the troubled excesses; here is a Barabra bel Geddes almost montable, and its baton turns back down (well, for it); They are a couple and share some nicely-written scenes about great crises and people. Here's an interrogation expertly directed with a driver-crew ship; here's a nice moment like a chase start in an angular warehouse and a flock of bird shoots on ponctuating the moment. These are the small-scale successes a movie can offer in which a viewer can actually recognize life; Something Hollywood, in its greed, now dubious avoidance. These are moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them. It is a remarkable, human-scaled, not grotesque film, overscaled its production and others (David Lean) will later be popularized, with heritage still experiencing the crap as varied as Pirates of the Caribean and Moulin Rouge. <br /> <I just watch it twice and I will be sentenced if I could tell you what Jack Palance is looking at at the final stage, but it does not seem that important to me as a viewer. This reminds me of both No Way Out a Poitier noir and Widmark as the villain, and Naked City, which you should really get your hands on.
