'The Panic in the Streets (1950)' must be more in British uprising than its American counterparts. Like the Reed of the 'Third Man (1949)' and Dassin 'Night and the City (1950),' Elia Kazan's director chose the film aside, capturing the cool and vibrant decline of the New Orleans slum. In a decision borrowed from Italian neo-liberal masters, he hired many non-professional actors for minor roles, borrowing a moment of authenticity in the cityscape. However, any other comparison with neuroscience should be misguided, for 'panic on the streets' is the most melodrama of the best quality. An illegal assassinated immigrant, who came from the butter, was infected with pneumonia epidemics, a weak mutation between bubonic, transmitted by human-to-human, and untreated, has a mortality rate of 100 %. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an U.S. Officer and Public Health Service, convinced police chief (Paul Douglas) to undertake a city manhunt for all those responsible for homicide, not to be infected with the disease. <br /> <br /> In my younger years, I found Wolfgang Petersen 'Outbreak (1995)' to be among the most amazed films I'd ever seen. That gambling, which must be a lot of 'panic on the streets' {working titles: "Outbreak"}, scared me so efficiently because it shows the Ebola virus as both an invisible and irresistible killer? How to defend yourself against such a thing? Kazan's movie is the first (I know) approach to the subject of biological epidemics, though it has difficulty writing visual recognition of an enemy that is fundamental to the human eye; It instead uses Jack Palance as a personification of the epidemic. Despite sustaining him from the dirty dialects of human society, you never find that Clinton Reed is putting his own life at risk {some viewers noted that Reed never hurt himself against this misfortune if I think it's safe to assume that he did that at the same time as hiring the morgue}. But there is always a strong sense of emergency in the hunt for the infested bloodstream, underground street-rats that pollute the sewers and demons. <br /> In medieval times, when Black Death (now widely believed to have epidemic bubony) swept through the civilized world, killing a third of Europe's population, many identify the destruction as is the work of the Devil. Jack Palance's character, Blackie, serves effectively as Satan in human form: Thug Angular-jawed can be occasionally good and charisma, but is still responsible to explode in succession of violence; His hoodlums (played by Guy Thomajan and Zele Mostel), in horror more than anything else, are constantly shaved to his feet. When a person is ill and fever, Blackie deduces that the man's immigrant's course must "carry something in with" (irony in the conclusion he does not go unnoticed), and thus attempts to determine what this valuable object must. He lowered Poldi's death into his arms, a grotesque display of faux affection that is both pathetic and disturbing. Black / Satan is finally stopped ?? not by the authorities, but by the burden of own infection / evil ?? as he tried to ride a cargo ship, the main container by which the epidemic spread throughout Europe.
