As the movie opens, two thugs kill another Thug. When the body discovered and about to be autopsy, the doctor realized that although the man was shot dead, he also suffered from the pneumonia epidemic - a very nasty and more virulent version of the Bubonic epidemic! So it is a race against time to find people who have come in contact with the deceased and treat them immediately, otherwise a disaster can burst. Even though I actually know quite a bit about the pneumonia epidemic, as I have taught a series of lectures on it for my history class. The movie really did not do a good job of getting done right on the disease in that it looked small as what the people were in the movie. The biggest problem is that this disorder is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 they really would not have been allowed to show it. Sure, there are many fever and cough (they have received this right), but also many bleeding and vomiting explosions in darkened blood - along with the lymph nodes bladder as you would get to the Bubonic epidemic - all pronounced and gross! I can certainly understand why they did not go this far. Also, I'm certain that the federal government would have a lot, major involvement in controlling and treating the disease - here in the film it was occupied on a very local level and everyone seemed ill prepared and somewhat mute. No one wanted to believe their doctors !! As for the act, the movie has some excellent actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas, respectively, the public health doctor and police chief. Actor but good known actor back in 1950. However, in his first film is very ominous Jack Palance (still goes by his original moniker, 'Walter Jack Palance') as well as the relatively unknown (at the time) Zero Mostel. Palaces were great - very scary and very physically adept at exhibit on his own. Mostel played a typical heavy in his early work - a greasy and loose sort of evil. <br /> <br /> In general, although really do not get the right details and packaging everything up a little too neatly, the film is very tense and it has excellent acting - and is well worth seeing.
