I wonder what the day's audience thought when first laying on Walter Jack Palance (Blackie). Certainly it seems no other person in the time, which faces skull-like, flattened nose, and long body - even now it remains a disturbing presence. And what could be more appropriate than his emergence from these dingy New Orleans slums that appear in solid as the Nwaji joke is released in the city. I'm just sorry he did not have more scenes. <br /> <br /> The movie itself is pretty skillfully assembled ?? Humor's Dark Humor, the Widmore-Douglas interplay, where un-touristy, fights among the officials are all knit into a dramatically realistic thrill with a threat unlike other people in the allotted time. Even the Widmer's domestics that put a woman (Bel Geddes) on the brand managed are not too disturbed. Kazan director certainly shows her aptitude for launching a studio product (Fox), no matter how she could feel about the commercial aspect. <br /> <br /> Widmark performs a low-key solid work as public health officer. But my money is on the single-e-single Zero Mostel. Has ever been a performer performer who could scurry stronger or get pushed around more than the menacing men (like the Enforcer, 1950). That scene and Mostel, where palaces discussed with Curse of the Mostel (Liswood), are a germ of frantic subservience as Mostel tries to pazify each other like some Pinball berserk. Too bad he lost many years for the black list. (I wonder if he was Kazan's robber who called it.) But not only the professionals who add color. The locals add both characters and authenticity, especially from the Asian guys interviewed by the cops. This whole scene has an improvised time, as if Kazan acknowledges the potential and fashion of a nifty little scene on the spot. Then also, that colorful room hiring with all the batteries is pure inspiration. And what about these stupid-bitten coffee shops that have run me in the nearest Denny. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the movie is still a well-known scene, fixed fixation and a quaint apocalyptic time predicted much of today's mega-tale.
