"The Panic in the Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which Elia Kazan's director realizes a great sense of realism by shooting the movie in New Orleans, using a number of local people to perform various roles and make smart use of improvisation . As a result, the characters and dialogs both seem very natural and credible. An important deadline that must be met to avoid a disaster, giving the story with great sense of urgency and pace with the problems that delay the necessary action taken, then increasing the tension to a high level. > <br /> After a discussion between the participants in a card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) shot and his body is thrown into the dock area. When found the body and the doctor identified the presence of a virus, called US Department of Public Health Dr Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) and his test confirmed the presence of pneumonia. Reed emphasizes that all known contacts of the deceased must be inoculated without delay because the highly infectious nature of the disease means that without such action, any infected person might expect death in days. of the dead man is unknown, the task of finding his contact is expected to be difficult and this situation has not helped when the city authorities and the Police Commissioner are not fully convinced by Reed's briefing. They have doubts that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as it claims it is and their first commitment commitment is just the first in a series of obstacles that prevent actions from being taken urgently. The investigation is hampered by a lack of cooperation in the community of immigrants, a wet group, the proprietor of a restaurant and also some illegal immigrants before the person's identity and its contact eventually finds. Kochak, an illegal immigrant, was in a gang of blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook) and when the gang leader Blackie became aware of the ongoing investigation of the police, he supposed that Kochak must ' Is there something valuable in the country? As Kochak and Poldi relate, Blackie assumes that Poldi must know something about this and go to get more. Poldi, however, is very sick and can not provide any information. Blackie brings to his own physician and together with Fitch start to move Poldi out of his room and down some stairs and this is when they meet up with Reed and an exciting next run. Richard Widmark provides a strong performance as a public pay official who copes with the effectiveness and onerous responsibilities of his work also faced with his domestic preoccupation as a family man. In a strange kind of role for him, he also shows the determined and serious minded nature of Dr. Reed very compelling. Jack Palance's first film was seen as an impressive performance as a ruthless Thug law that misjudges the Kochak reason for leaving the card game and also the reason for the intense police investigation. The difference seems to help to make the presence of the screen even more compelling. <br /> In style-style noir style, expressionist cinematography and neo-realism influence used in tandem effectively captures the atmosphere in the places in which the action takes place. Elia Kazan heads accurately everywhere, but also excels in the sequence of memorable chases in the warehouse and on the dockside.
