A doctor and a policeman in New Orleans have only 48 hours to get an infected killer and pneumonia. <br /> An effective, and stylish, little actress led by Elia Kazan who mixes documentary realism and a race against heartbeat pulsing time. Wearing and filmed in and around New Orleans, panic of the streets taken in the Quarantine story, Some like 'C Cold by Edna and Edward Anhalt who had an Oscar for their original story. It also has a lot of cast ensembles that delivers top head performance to the directors. In turn, Richard Widmark {brings the method one year before Marlon did for Kazan in a Streetcar wanted desire}, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (as Walter Jack Palance) & the beautiful named Zero Mostel, all get sweatily moody as pursuing them pursuing their prosecution to stop the onset of a Black Death Potential epidemic. Where the film notes its main point of suspension is Kazan's crafting ability to cut back and forth between the protagonists without changing the flow and mood of pieces in. From Widmer's Health Care Public, and hypodermic needles in hand, running around trying to find the bad guys so it can be good; of the bad guys who are upholstered as why there is such a wide scale scale for them; The tension is stacked up to the point of breaking fever. For that fortunately final thirty minutes to become a split piece of movies. With excellent palance as a nasty villain that ironically put one at the top of Tommy's own Udo from Kiss of Death three years earlier. <br /> It's an imaginative and intelligent story writing, one that mocks rat ratios and criminals being carriers of disease. A blight of society as it was. It's nutrients, such as paranoia, nicely mix and its basic problem gossip. While some memorable scenes are decently cloaked by the stifling atmosphere that Kazan created. Although some of the early psychologist characters threaten to drag the movie down a few on talky-based talky, this definitely is a movie worth staying with at the end. Not essential movie-noir, and perhaps not even Kazan's bulk, but certainly a highly recommended film that is being discovered by a new film lovers generation and reapraised by the old guard that may miss it back in the day. 7.5 / 10
