Elia Kazan, one of the best theater directors ever been, has shown she was also in home and movies. With "Panic in the Streets", Mr. Kazan gives us an early version of what would come later, and maybe his masterpiece, "On the Waterfront", although both movies share only the water environment, so they are different visions on different subjects. <br /> <br /> Kazan shoot aside in New Orleans. Adaptation by Daniel Fuchs in the stories Edna and Edward Anhalt which is the movie's base, is remarkable in that it takes us to places that have no tourist to see when visiting the "Big Easy". One of the great assets of this film is pretty much black and white cinematography by Joseph MacDonald showing New Orleans at its best. Also the music by Alfred Newman and the song by Billie Holiday gives the procedures a nice touch. This movie, could be shot in New York, or another major Northern city because it presents us with characters that speak more like "broklynese" than maybe a South accent that one could hear in that part of the country. <br /> One thing comes clear of the movie, Jack Palance, making his first screen, the screenshots every time one sees it. It was so intense! At the same time, this hard guy shows a tender side of her when she goes to see her sick partner, who is unknown to her, is entering into a fatal disease. Black, the comfort of this man caresses his sweaty face, and runs his hand in the fat and abandoned hair. Noteworthy, was the fact that Mr. Palance and Mr. Mostel appear to have made their own waterfalls, something so worthwhile because both actors make it look like real. The movie also presents a normal side with the introduction of the Reed family at the beginning of the movie. We see a family furniture penthouse with his son. Later he and the wife discuss how he appears to be unable to end up meeting with his salary, something that many families have to deal with on a daily basis. Richard Widmark, playing a normal person, is not as effective as this actor plays more sick people and intense. Barbara Bel Geddes, as the wife, sounds as if she is a suburban woman from Connecticut. The movie is enjoyable thanks to Mr. Kazan's and the excellent working of the film.
