In the street panic Richard Widmark plays US marine physicians whose weeks are suddenly cut off with a corpse of pestilence. As Judge Paul Douglas closely points out the guy was killed two bullets in the chest. Not the problem here, the two of them become unwanted partners in an effort to find the killer and anyone else exposed to the disease. <br /> <br /> As was pointed out to any number of people, for some reason Elia Kazan director did not bother to throw the small parties and anyone sounds like they're coming from Louisiana. Were you in New Orleans where the story takes place I can personally attest. Richard Widmark and Barbara Bel Geddes, his wife, may be excused because he can file a Navy doctor, but for the native people does not work. But with the epidemic, there is the news. They kept a secret, the New Orleans PD started a dragnet in the city's midfielder. The dead guy came on a boat from Europe and he had midfielder connections. A New Orleans wise guy played by Jack Palance jumps into a whole bunch of erroneous conclusions and starts harassing a cousin of the dead guy who begins to show symptoms of illness. Palens has received renaissance reviews of the first movie where he received notice. <br /> <br /> My favorite person personally in this movie is Zero Mostel. This happened right before Mostel was indexed and around that time he made a specialty in play would be tricky men who really tardies. She plays the same role role in the film Humphrey Bogart, the Enforcer. Unfortunately, I can easily identify with Mostel in the last scene cast out with Palens being pursued by Widmark, Douglas, and the Half New Orleans Police. Seeing the cruising Zero weight trying to keep up with Palance was another thing because I'm kind of Zero's league now in the Hepp department. Kazan has kept the action going to a good clip, there are very little down time in this movie. If there were any less it would be an Indiana Jones movie. Panic on the streets won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay this year. Kazan also made good use of the New Orleans Waterfront and the French Quarter. Some of the same types of vaccines are later used in the Waterfront. In fact, the street panic is about people who do not squealing when they really should be in their own best interests. Very similar to the coast. <br /> <br /> Panic in the streets are all proud to be associated with it. Now, why could not Elia Kazan get some decent New Orleans sounding people in the small roles.
