When a rising upset and pneumonia epidemic (a variant of bubonic epidemics), US Department of Public Health Dr Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) immediately quarantined everybody he knew was near the body. Unfortunately, the seizure has received this way of being murdered, and there is a good chance that the murderer will begin to spread the epidemic, leading to an outbreak. Join Captain Police Tom Warren (Paul Douglas), who is committed to tracking the murderer as soon as possible and avoiding a possible national disaster. <br /> While the street panic is a quality movie, it suffers from being slightly unfocused with a bit too sprawling (my reason for bringing the score down to eight). She sewed the styles of noirish gangster in medical catastrophes, police procedures, thriller and even romance. This is not the best Elia Kazan director's job, but it says a little bit similar. Kazan is the leader of these rulers as a Streetcar wanted Desire (1951), On The Waterfront (1954) and East Eden (1955), after all. This film predicts these, but Kazan said he was "untethered" by the studio. By taking this freedom too far, you can partially pay for disclosure. This film is placed in New Orleans, a town in Kazan "used to be around ... either day and I knew it well". He wanted to exploit the environment. "It's so terrific and colorful I wanted to ship, steam engine, storage, jazz jazz - all New Orleans". <br /> <br /> Kazan handles each genre of panic on the streets well, but they might connect better. The film would benefit from not staying with one or two of his humor. The scene was in terms of setting constantly working. Part of the dilemma may have been caused by the fact that panic on the streets was an attempt to merge two stories by Edna and Edward Anhalt writers, "Quarantine" and "Some like" cold. "The gangster material, which ends up in good The gigantic territory with a prolonged scene Chase near the end of the film is probably the highlight. Not surprisingly, Kazan said he believes the bandits are "most colorful - I never had much affection for the good guys of all way. I do not like puritans. "A second close is the only material that approaches" panic "in the title - the discovery of the epidemic and attempts to track down the exposure, inoculation and the disease. These "humor", many of the film are also a fairly straight drama, and more typical rhythms of genre. <br /> <br /> The whole dialogue is excellent. The difference in many modern film stylists can hardly be more pronounced.It is intelligent, deliberately rescued and well engineered by each character Conflicts are not created by "mute" but clever move; events and characters' actions are more like a chess game.When they do not take rules that are not familiar , like Reed who keeps the disaster in the journals, gives relatively long justification for its decisions, which other characters discuss. In light, it is interesting that Kazan believes that "property, religion, ethics and middle class is all kill us. "This idea is making his way into the film of the changes in the norm, or away from it, was made by the protagonists. For example, gangster blackie gangster (Jack Palance in her first movie role) offered a "Get out of prison free" card if she will cooperate and fight the epidemic. <br /> <br /> The technical aspects of the movie are good, if nothing is outstanding, but the real reasons to watch are their performance, the intriguing storyline and the dialogue well written.
