It is a hard film to classify "10 items or less". Generally, I do not care about definite genre, but there is something about this movie that makes you want to put it in a specific category, in order to convey, even with one word, your feelings about it. I fully recommend this movie to anyone, and, if you really enjoy the movies and if you enjoy life, you'll want to do the same as soon as you've finished watching it. <br /> I recommend this movie and call it nice and delightful to admit it's not perfect, but it does nothing wrong. I do not want to sound as I contradict myself, but I believe that writer / director Brad Silberling knew exactly what he had come to when he wrote this inspirational script. I am sure he wanted to achieve a product that had nothing to do with perfection: a product that could be as simple, appealing and compromise as its title. Well, he did it. So, Silberling, director of long, complex, dramatic movies like "City of Angels" and "Moonlight Mile", proves with "10 items or less," close to just 70 minutes, the passion she has for her work and also faith he has it. To place an actor (Morgan Freeman) in front of a woman (Paz Vega) at a grocery store and take them exactly to where they are ordinary life would take them that is what Silberling proposes here. <br /> I can not tell you no more because of the apparent simplicity lies a thought background thinking that should not be underestimated. Because here everyone's exposure: The camera focuses directly on the two main characters, which shares endless conversations in a car ride with unfinished stop only because life is life. And let me express how glorious how Silberling occupies the situation by saying it reaches, in less time (not only in time movie time, but in one day that the movie develops its events) and In a smaller place, the type of connection between the two characters Sofia Coppola produced by "lost in translation". That film, set in Tokyo, also met an actor and a woman, and they also had conversations about their time of living. It's the conversations where we feel that even though provoking the quality of "10 articles or less" and, as in Coppola's film, the nativity in every situation never lost with the images and music and no words looks compelled or included in the photo 'buy time'. <br /> In this aspect, the collaboration of Silberling and his director of Photographer Phedon Papamichael. People who have shot beautiful scenery at "Sideways" and focus on all emotions in "Patch Adams", have fun here with visual passages of beautiful natural beauty. <br /> But the ultimate beauty of "10 articles or less" can be found at its disposal (by Avy Kaufman), in its two protagonists. They are people who transmit this feeling I mentioned at the beginning and I can not specify; we feel the connections and we can say that they're having fun with them that they can even to improve things. Academy Awards Award winner Morgan Freeman, also an executive producer of the film, simply stands up and confirms the status he has today in the movie industry, and one well deserved: a quiet man, filled with wisdom that can be Easy to weep as it can make you laugh. With the nice Pegas Vega (well, I said it was great in "Spanglish")? Here she proves she is the real deal, and the Hollywood was not for her.
