Knowing when to finish a movie is as important as casting, directing and acting. And it's good to see when a director / script finds it right. The revision of just 82 minutes, 10 things or less does not stretch the story, trying to understand in awkward subjects. It remains focused, being funny, sad, and well thought out. Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) star as "Li", an actor staring at any role presented to him. We present to "It" as it travels to a supermarket in an out-of-the-way section of town by the Kid (Jonah Hill, click). Realizing she has a star in her car, the kid tries to talk about her absence in movies over the past few years. It's not very up to date because, it's not just it's been out for it, it's also the way in a shooting place in an independent movie he might act in ("I have not decided if I'm going to accept part."). The kid is a relative to the director involved in this indie venture and soon drops him in the middle of nowheresville. Glued, she decided to check out the local market. It immediately runs in the purple red (Pegasus Vega) that operates 10 items or less inscribed. Not only strikingly beautiful, but clever, he begins using it as his first query for his upcoming independent film role. He learns how he looks out the numbers quickly and why he knows the curious of every member of this isolated community. But it does not just use red, it helps him to see the deeper in his life. They travel together to get his car back from a copying husband and teach him how to act to get a new job of pining for, and how to dress up for success even when confronted with targets as the exemplary of local clothes. This is probably one of those funniest times than we get a glimpse into It, too, showing its complete lack of understanding of the chain-store shop world ("These shirts are only $ 12 bucks! ?!) "Ending, as stated at the beginning of this review, is abrupt but beyond. There are no ways these two can ever be friends even if they form a unique bond. They know when they say goodbye to what each garnered from the other. It's a quiet but handy moment as Scarlet's clunker car sits idle outside his L.A. chato. This is a great independent production and one that loses little time is getting going. And it will not waste your time either.
