In all honesty, if someone told me the director of the Snicket's Lemony series of Unfortunate Events, City of Angels, and Caspers went on to make a neat little budgetary budget independent budget and that it would really be good, I would say that people must play it joking. But what Brad Siberling director did. And it was really good. <br /> <br /> "10 articles or less" has a similar consideration to such films as "Before Sunrise," "Lost in Translation," or more recently "Once." It involves the lucky meeting of two people who have not had them wearing, they would probably never cross the path, or if they did, they would not say one word to each other. Like these films, "10 articles or less" focus on the relationships that build and how the characters come to understand each other and build on each other's strengths and weaknesses. <br /> <br /> The story involves Morgan Freeman, playing an anonymous actor who goes in search of his role as a supermarket store employee for an upcoming movie and because of things beyond his control, finishing up spend the day with the lady of 10 items or less lines played by Pegas Vega. She has a rotten wedding and hopes to land a new job as a secretary. Initially, Freeman's character just needs a home up. Having spent time with her, she wants to know her and maybe even offer her some advice. Brad Siberling builds the characters almost entirely in the trades between Freeman and Vega. The plot is simply a setup for these two characters to interact with each other for most of the 80 minute film. Freeman has fun with his character, as he appears to be a outsider in the world of lower grade Vega characters, Scarlett, habit. Vega, in the meantime, is growing beyond the hard-earned clerk's clerk and the situation of his life moving on. <br /> There is a couple thing that really stands out in this movie. First of all, Siberling was probably taking notes from independent movies to ensure that the relationship is sincere and does not fall into any Hollywood inconvenience. It is a very mutual friendship that develops convincingly throughout the film. It works, though the situation itself seems a little inconspicuous. <br /> I'm also impressed with their performance. While Freeman's presence gives this film credibility out-of-go, it shows a certain amount of charm and pleasure not usually seen from him. Vegas, meanwhile, prime itself for a discovery of US film sometime in the future. I liked it in Spanglish and it's equally good here as hard, no-nonsense the shell. By the end of the film, he successfully translated the growth of his character. I look forward to seeing it in more movies. <br /> Overall, 10 articles in Less Functions are better than a character piece, well scripted and directed by Brad Siberling. He has not done much to write and features feature films he has made especially to Hollywood's big movie. But there is certainly an artist to work here and I'm worried to see if he'll take that route again.
