Reviewed on September 12, 2006 2nd Screening at the Paramount 1 Theater during the Toronto Film Festival International. The movie was the World First Day of Elgin Theater VISA Screening Room. The basic draw involves Morgan Freeman playing a single famous actor who is on the bottom slope of his career and who takes on the role that can be under him, but he always does with a positive attitude to knowing that he needs to pay the rent etc. The slope down is indicating that it was a time between roles and previous cops in bargain DVDs and being enthusiastic about it by being too sure of himself production assistant who freeman freeman cut into a local community market where he will to search for a role as a supermarket manager. He soon discovered the real-life market running by a make-willed "10 items or less" clerk line clerk played by Pegas Vega. When Freeman's ride never returns and Vega needs help in prepping for an interview the circumstances cause them to join forces in a citywide ride to get Freeman back home and get Vega a job that will get him on a path more mobile careers. <br /> While the movie was enjoyable, it felt like it was always a sketch or a work of progress. There were two prolonged music sequences (One and Vega & Freeman taught to sing each other to the car, one that literally played as a Simon Paul music video) felt like padding brought up the time and then the movie was only about 80 minutes long. <br /> It's a good thing Morgan Freeman is also quite like it is because without him this would have been too small. Make sure it was funny at parties and Pegas Vega is a fun as well, but there was just not enough here to say it was a complete movie. They lost me when Morgan Freeman started talking about stopping the car to ask for directions and Paz Vega said he never did. Who has ever heard of a guy wanting to ask for directions and the woman saying no! In the real world it's the exact opposite. <br /> Make sure you stay for the departures of their credit. The bit with a Target saleslady store teaches Morgan Freeman how to sell sales is just hilarious! A bit early on where Freeman's driver insists he's Freeman's voice on a "Tape Book" reading was also funny. Brad Silberling's Director / Writer and Actress Paz Vega has been here for a short Q & A after screening. Silberling answered a question saying that the script was not written specifically for Morgan Freeman and that once Freeman had taken the role he actually changed very little of what was there. Quite a compliment to write down both the Silberling and also about how freeman can just slip into a role and make it feel like the whole world as it was designed to play it.
