Running only seventy-minute, this small, neglected 2006 dramed is really just a piece of two-character drawn but one that works pretty well in its limitations. Take place almost entirely of various, non-descriptive tasks in southern Los Angeles, the story itself is inconvenient, but as Sofia Coppola's "Lost In Translation", the movie is far more about two aliens who meet unexpectedly, finding a common bond and go back to life forces to meet at the time. It also helps considerably that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega are playing their characters. Finally released in the wise sages and figures beyond the shame of his great-screen specialty, Freeman looks comparatively released as a bit indulgent film star. His character is driven by a low-rise grocery store in Carson, where he will be able to research his role as an independent film. From working for a few years, he is embarrassed when he sees DVD in his movie in the bargain bin, but his month is such that he does not miss the temptation to watch and even imitate the registered store staff. In particular his passion is red, a mute worker from Spain and relegated to the line to express where he is the model to impinge on efficiency. He had an interview for a Secretariat work at a construction company, but his deep insecurity seems to defeat his luck. Always looking like the Amazonian Sister Penelope Cruz, the beautiful Vega (one of the few aspects that delivers James L. Brooks's "Spanglish") brings a stinging and realistic vulnerability to the red. He and Freeman interplay very well throughout the story, including stops not only in the grocery store, but also in the Target, Arby and a carwash full service. There is nothing earth-rugging happens except to show how two people achieve the transition to lucky reunion. Silberling maintains the procedures, but the production also reflects the profession of expert Phedon Papamichael's photographic film (he lensed Alexander Payne's "Sideways") and infectious notes by Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). There are gastronomes soon by Bobby Cannavale (like Scarlet's boy-to-be-ex-husband) and as their own, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as a funny bitch and Jonah Hill ("Bump Up") as the driver clueless and Jim Parsons (the "Knight" of "State Garden") as a worshiper. The DVD DVD 2007 is regret and extras, including a make-up of documentary, "15 days or less", aimed at movie students and running a 103-minute marathon; six extended scenes; a light-hearted conversation, but three-way perspective between Silberling, Freeman and Vega among the target; and a couple of cuts that specifically advertise the DVD.
