I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. 'Shawshank redemption' is arranged at the top of my favorite movie ever-film. But I must admit that I was often asked about his choice of role. So many of his titles have been clicking big budget with no heart. '10 Or Or Less' to mark the return of Freeman into a role that really represents its considerable talent. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays an unnamed, ancient big Hollywood actress who has not worked in many years. He offered a part of a photo that does not indicate for doing some research at a grocery store in a poor neighborhood in LA. After being blocked there by his nemesis driver, Freeman has offered a ride home by checkered girl (Paz Vega), whom he was semi-befriended. Before taking it home, however, red has a great job interview he needs to get to, and Freeman agrees to tag together in exchange for the ride. The movie follows red and freeman in several places, but the movie is really just a piece of character on the interactions between the two. Freeman is typically disconnecting Hollywood types that have not been heard in target, and he does not know his own phone number or even that day of the week it is. She digs the wisdom of the Dalai Lama filtered through her 'whole world is but a stage' mentality, and repeatedly calls Scarlet's interview to a 'audition'. But it has a way to people, to affect them that are beyond his fame. He is a fan of mankind. She studied, asked questions without hesitation, and delighted in the careers where others would simply be annoyed. In purple, he saw a stubborn, proud one; he saw people he used to. <br /> <br /> Purple, for her part, shows a bad pride and sharp tongue that serves to hide her own insecurity over herself. Vega plays the role with a Freeman connection that skates the line between an almost like daughter and physical attraction, although she plays it very well and not at all as creepy as she sounds. But as he feels connected with Freeman grow, Red has a keen eye for the reality of their different worlds and cuts thru Freeman's Hollywood Bullhead * hit with a sharp pragmatism that refuses to accept anything but the truth. /> The movie is smart, funny, and well written, with simple but effective dialogue. I read an IMDb review saying the lines were 'swallowing', which I think is a misinterpretation of humanist speeches. There are no great soliloquies here, no soul soul soul seeks. So the trick is, I think, to show how the ordinary person, everyday life can forge connection with each other. And I think Freeman and Vega pull it off pretty well, painting a picture of a bond between two people who glitter like sunshine on the ocean, volatile and elusive. Long after he goes to live in your memory, tantalizing you and what might have been. OK, that was a little flower, but I really did like their performance with the movie. I would definitely recommend it.
