Diego Armando Maradona was 16 years old in 1978 when Argentina won the World Wide Web. It was already the largest star, and the greatest player in a country obsessed with football. Everyone asked Cesar Luis Menotti to play boy's genius, but the manager thought he was not ready again. <br /> <br /> History stories that Argentina won the 1978 World Cup is convincing - they did not really need Maradona. The same thing was not true in 1982. Spain was a disaster catalog for Argentina. Menotti - still smoking cigar - played Diego this time, but the occasion was too much for a boy temperament. Maradona signed for Barcelona on June 4, 1982 for about $ 7 million - nine days after playing his first game at Camp Nou and Belgium defeating one-nil Argentina. It was not a first favorable, and even though he scored twice against Hungary in the next match, Maradona will remember the mundial as the site of his nadir - a bit, bad puppet on Brazil's Baptist in the Second Round which suddenly ended its competition with Argentina's reign as World Champion. But now that's all behind him. Maradona blocked his way in some crazy times in Barca, and left in 1984 to join Napoli. It was as if he was finally home. Neapolitan's typhos did everything to lure Maradona to the poor Napoli. Gifts from old women and pocket money from young nest boys along with the Millor Camrara as part of the transfer fee, and the city has determined to make it feel at home. So, for the time being at least, Maradona was El Rey - he brought Argentina to Mexico as one of the favorites, with a new manager - Carlos Bilardo replacing Menotti. Maradona is the hero of this story, a one-man World Cup winning machine. In 1982, hundreds of young men died in a free fight for the Falkland Isles; Now the British press has been waiting for a rematch (with the same result) in Mexico City. Maradona has always been considered and distinguished in England, remembering more for a superb performance in Britain during a 1980 tour than Spain. But it was still an Argie: the enemy. <br /> <br /> England actually started well, with Lineker being able to score after just twelve minutes. A key event has happened in 8 minutes. Fenwick, large and limited English defender, was booked - he was now frightened by making any challenge around the penalties area. <br /> After a first 45 minutes strain, the second half started with a bang. Maradona dances forward after 50 minutes, but can not find any way. Likewise Valdano has hit only white shirts. Then the moment of infamy serving as Diego's epic. Hodge bizarrely kicked the ball back to his own penalties, Shilton ran flying for claims - but there was Maradona, somehow rising above the English guardian pushing the ball into the net. How did he do it? Simple: Handball. <br /> <br /> The most popular crowd in football history than in slow motion slows. Each spectator waits for Mr Al-Sharif in Syria to blame for the bad (he did not). Shilton watch and appeal to the line - he runs back to the center circle. Unless he assassinates the Pope, or becomes the first person to step on Mars, when the great man dies the moment they will show the first - in long, persistent, slow motion, followed by the glee look on his face . The next image will be his next gift in the world - the finest world goal. <br /> <br /> Burruchaga stroking the Maradona Ball that has ambling around on the right side of his own half. It span, and accelerates away from Beardsley and Reid. This was Diego's real - he burst into Butcher and attacked Fenwick. Fenwick now has the opportunity to stop the attack. Normally, she would have targeted her boots somewhere near Maradona's thigh - sure she would pick up a red card, but who cared about? Then Fenwick had a brainwave - he hesitated, and decided to run Maradona up his arm - maybe he was trying to put him there? Diego shot in the box as Fenwick falls on. Seal was running along with the genius as if he was offering incentives. Shilton packed out of panic, and Maradona twisted around him and prepared notes. Now Butcher remembers his role and tried to affiliate the Argentinean - instead he gave extra one of the shot, breaking into the goal. England has come home. This Mexican summer magic, the world has found a successor for Pele. In fact, the biggest footballer ever was - Pele was superb in 1958 and 1970, but had great players all around him. Maradona was not. 1986 was his World Cup.
