This movie is a must for everyone who enjoys football as an artist. What struck first on this movie on a football world cup is the way it is filmed. Besides tracking the game as a TV broadcast, there are generous footage dedicated to tracking individual players in their games. This brings forward the emotions and men's situation to go in as they try to get glory. Today TV broadcast style, so different than that of 1986, is still inferior in quality compared to this movie. <br /> <br /> Players are not the only stars. The audience, the referees, the journalists covering the matches and the environment itself all play a central role in the development of what today is history. In this movie you can see how all these factors play together in a very explicit way. In this sense, TV-style television today has not yet reached this level of quality, although it is now much closer than before. <br /> There are several players marking: Maradona (Argentina), Elkjaer and Laudrup (Denmark), Francescoli (Uruguay), Platini (France), Lineker (England), Rummenigge (Germany), Butrague # o (Spain), Socrates Brazil), and Sanchez (Mexico). is not a collection of soccer best in Mexico 1986, although most of them are well covered. Throughout the movie, there is a stress of presenting several aspects of the game and competing in itself based on the gains of those players and teams, even at the cost of play plays that are important in the games themselves. This is what makes this movie so interesting and unique. Because of what happened because of habits during Mexico 1986, many of the comments on this film and world cups are extremely Maradona-partial. Many of the comments do not take into account that there is a referee with two strategies, that they are as human as the players, and that all abovementioned to make mistakes in one way or the other. Football rules do not allow the referee to use television-based rpg based decisions, so for the most part the referee has decided to see what they see. As a result, playfully plays an active part in the development of a game. Influences can be seen in many parts of this film. The end movie for the 1990 World Cup, compared with this one, is just a bitter deception source. Much of it comes from the fact that it has become too involved in the game, whereas this movie says things from a farther, fair point of view.
