Those who do not seem to have to give enough credit to where it should be. A few problems have been neglected which is the key to understanding the insight experience. Year: For the year it's been (1984) Lens features some of the most stunning effects I have ever seen. As someone who watches a lot of early 80's animation, it's unique to using it in what appears to be computer-generated imagery at a time when computers were very primitive. Kim's fight against the geometric knife pods in the laser labyrinth can be taken as an excellent example of this. Every time I looked up, I kept repeating myself that it was 1984 when it was done. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack: Tears have one of the most crazy soundtracks that I've heard, and this hysterical hysteria defeats every corner of the movie. Lintens burden heavy on two western mistakes and managed to deal a little bit with the first one - the need to fill in every second of silence in a movie with music and the need for a heroine. While the music fits well with galvanized scenes like the motorcycle fight at the Thionite Factory on Radelyx, the heroine theme fails due to the annoying annoying value of Chris. It is interesting to note that the constant music repudiates my attempts to remove noise when I archived the launch of analogue tape in digital format - since there was not a second second of the available silence used as a reference point. <br /> <West Influence: Helmut - sounds like "helmet" and has about the same voice as Darth Vader. Clarissa Fairborn - has the same hairstyle as the princess of SW and her name sounds suspiciously similar to Marissa Fairborn's transformers. Take on the role of Han Solos by flying the boat and having some technical expertise. Buzzkirk - a definite improvement on Chewbaka. The lens - a beautiful concrete copy of the force that comes at all less as a chance to preach Christianity to the audience passing through the original SW. While the force relied on far more than concentration, the lens is a pure concentration tool. Theoretically, anyone can wield the lens. The lens is much more limited than the force - they were purely a defensive / offensive weapon. Technology: The Besky alliance has interesting interesting chips. They look like stormtroopers only with red uniforms instead of white. The idea of ​​a DNA gun was nice if only it developed. The galactic alliance looked like Starblazers (or whatever it was called - the 60 series where they were fighting the Xylons). There was not enough boat shipbuilding for me - this is much improved on in the second film of Lensman. <br /> <br /> Finally a note on Worzel. This character is a unique and very interesting character-character that fortunately continues on the second movie. <br /> <br />
