The first television series Barbra Streisand is still a moment of entertainment history - in any media. Mali divides into three separate acts (to minimize interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand made the bold-again-masterful version of the format of various types of shows at the time (which is why no star invites or forces inflated) and bring the entire show on his shoulders alone. The risky move paid by enormously, as I am NOT BARBRA puts a new standard for TV music programs. <br /> <br /> <br /> The black and white-black (which actually adds to the effectiveness of the show) I'm BARBRA NAME is perfectly-conceived and impressive shot. However, what makes the show really transcendent is Streisand himself. Watching that-23-year old performer saves himself in the 55 minute showtime screen is nothing less than thrilling. It is in fantastic voices (and even makes all the first and third live acts), and gives first proof of the immense immense power that would soon follow it in the big screen. <br /> <br /> The biggest advantage is the conviction that Streisand simply stops on stage and sings some great songs. After performances of the powerful opening of "More More" (with a short opening snippet from Leonard Bernstein in "My Name is Barbara"), Barbra continued to wander through a series of multi-level studio performing a frantic version of Disney Classic "Late . "In between verses of" I'm late, "Streisand stopped at various levels in the series of songs some terrific numbers such as haunted" The Believers "and the Thunder" How does the wine taste? " Half of my Act, Barbra reintroduced her own childhood at the tensions of "An Kid Again," and then provided extremely energetic performances of "My Five" and "Sweet Zoo" while romping in the middle of a series of more sizes. The illusion is eventually broken, however, as Streisand finds itself from the fantasy and back to the real world. He then sings about this innocent child loses the beautiful "Where is the Wonder?" Streisand then shooter out on a platform stage surrounded by an all-filled room of musicians and made a rousing pronouncement of "People" before the rowdy applause of a live studio audience. <br /> <br /> Act II of the Special begins with Streisand hamming it up for the studio audience and a Cenyin province of "I Got the Blues," before delivering a comedy monologue on "Pearl from Istanbul." Streisand then heads off to Bergdon Goodman's department store, allowing her to sing a medley of song songs while paradise around in some of the elegant fashion stores. This segment is the highlight of the special for many fans and critics. There are some highlights in Medley II This Act includes Streisand singing a resized version of "Second Hand Rose" at the audience, appearing as a Latin shooter in the tune of "Nobody knows you when you're down and out," and portrait of a frustrated paperboy while packing in "Brother, can you spare a cents." The third act of the special is a straight concert, with no set pieces or concepts. Streisand is a scene that is truly thriving on the stage of the concert, and this segment is the most thrilling moment of the special. Streisand enters belting out an almost severe-defy pronouncement of "When the sun comes out," and continues to amaze the viewer and a beautiful version of the castle YEARLING "Why did I choose you," a sun performance in "Lover back to M ', and a medley of three songs of FUNNY GIRL song. Streisand really outdoes himself, however, with a phenomenal pronunciation of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard "My Man," which immediately came over to the singer's best-loved singer signature. <br /> <br /> Streisand makes him immortal chanting version of "happy days here again" as the credits closed rolled by on the left-hand side of the screen. The iconic finish of the number reaffirms the viewer that he or she has seen everything something really special. I AM BARBRA was a great first-time rating triumph, and he eventually picked up five Emmy awards in addition to the frequency of Top-Five, gold-selling album albums. Watching it all again, it's absolutely no surprise.
