Streisand fans are just familiar with her work in the movie GIRL Winter Movie needs to see this show to see what a stunning scenic scene Streisand was - before it achieved its goal of becoming a movie star. There has never been a female singer well as it ever before, and never should be (sorry, Celine - only in your dreams!), But never would Streisand sing and vibrate, the energy and Highly all, the Enthusiasm and Vulnerability and what it does here - by the time it comes to Central Park concerts only 2 or 3 years later, it would have been filming the GIRL FUNNY in Hollywood with its performance style becoming less spontaneous and more reserved , more repetition (and, let's face it: more angry) - there's a wall between it and the audience. Live performance has never been what he really enjoyed - he did it because he knew he was tickets to Hollywood, and once he had not made it he did it as little as possible (and oh, that legendary scene legend give it such a good excuse!) <br /> It's the songs here and about its appearance appearing earlier Judy Garland are incredible: Streisand could really make a new sound old again, with composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen liked it for her. But by the 1970s Streisand was trying a singer "rock", its albums hanging at the younger audiences, and over-wrought shrieking of songs that were worthy of his effort or voice. <br /> In the 80s it was back with that brilliant "Broadway Album," but went on and on what a struggle he was getting to do, how "they" said he did not do it, etc. Oh please - when have anyone told Streisand what to do? He could do good things like that altogether, bringing UP UP at his level instead of stooping into what he thought the public wanted. (The "Back to Broadway" end was not nearly as good, as Streisand seems to feel it is necessary to improve the work of other composers: if it was alive at the time, did Richard Rodgers even recognize his own "Some evening enchanted "Rodgers, notorious for taking musicians to work around with his tunes, would undoubtedly be after Streisand to sing what he would write! He also blamed Michael Crawford at the CD in the drugs at" Music in the Middle overnight "- apparently reminds him just that having this CD is why he insists on taking the song drugs and singing by himself, with non-drug songs and singing them as duet with someone else who reads it, go to decrease?) <"Supposedly Judy Garland took Streisand aside and advised him," Do not let them do you what they did to me, "Streisand's advice wasted no time in heeding - despite his protest in the contrary, He seems to have always been his way or the highway. Just imagine - he said the CBS brass how his first TV special should do - no guest, just it. But nobody can argue with the results that are so obvious here. Treat yourself to this brilliant music phenomenon before it was a legend - you will be absolutely amazed at the difference! <br /> PS - I watched this again last night (12/01) after not seeing it for many years - it was even better than I remembered! The 1st law begins with "I'm late" and includes "Be Believing" and "How the Wine Taste", and Barbra's homage from childhood, "My Five" - ​​reads the climate as Streisand appears with all (and I want says Full) Orchestra of "People" song - he was not bored with the song yet and although it's a bit shorter proposal he really browses - compared to some of his "self-pilot" versions later. The 2nd act (after Streisand's "kooky" schtick-patter, which has not changed much over the years) is the famous series of Depression songs set among the extravagance of Bergdorf-Goodman. The runner is called "Streisand, the Orchestra, and the audience" (although we have never seen the audience supposedly witnessing this historic event). With her fear of hearing and flu in these performances, this may have been the hardest part for her, but if she is, in her credit she does not show up. It tears in "Lover come back to me" with the flame "When the sun comes out" (though I can not remember in that order!), Poignant "Why did I choose you? (One of the favorite all my time Streisand performance) and offers a medley of singing song songs, including (of course) "not raining on my parade" and my favorite song from the note, "music that makes me dance" explains that "Fanny Brice sang a song like this in 1922, and she made it toast at Broadway", Streisand then sang "My Man", and it's almost a rad-repetitive pattern for her extended screen of the GIRL movie film (the main difference being the black gown here is sleeveless - gown movie has long sleeves and against the black background all we have seen were her hands and face), but the vocal here is more urgently and packed with his vocal films. (His performance in the song has everything to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice who, of course, never sang this song in tanks you an all-out ma nner as Streisand does here or in the movie - see ZIEGFIELD at GREAT for a glimpse of Brice's most understated version.) The show ends with Streisand singing "happy days here again" on the credits . It was about me saying my friend was watching her with, "It's never, ever, doing nothing better!" <br /> And it was twentieth-three-year-old!
