Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity, and probably raised more than a few industries when CBS signed it in 10 years, $ 5 million TV deals (nothing these days). But more importantly, Barbra and his manager emphasized creative controls - and got it. He had this special filmed his way, and for his most partial vision he did not turn smart, canny, and incredible. Open my law with the title song (not written specifically), Streisand race through a stylish cast of songs linking "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland"! - She even keeps in the ear line soft and mustache and "over time shaved!"); This is a totally good, if not rare, selection - and enjoy it because it did not make the theory of release released. It slows down to "Make believe" (which may seem too slow), but dramatic "How does the wine taste?" it's amazing. "A Kid Again" is beautiful (with Streisand looking small in a big chair - is that where Lily Tomlin got the idea?), As is "Sweet Zoo" ("I'm a alligator - crocodile ?? - no, Cayman! "). "The Wonder's Place" is very cool and elegant, and its "human" number, surrounded by an orchestra that is typed for the closing of the song, is stunning. Law II is set to Goodman Bergdof New York, and Streisand acts kooky in high-ups mode (when it playspy stomps on the mink, the audience will watch the tape actually gasps). Law III, before a studio audience (designed by fans fan lucky fans), begins with a powerful version of "When the sun comes out" (Streisand actually looks out of the dramatic closing scene), followed by "Why I Did you choose? "(probably it's the best song early), a too quick" lover, come back to me "(where she's finally drowned out of the orchestra), and a 'funny girl' medley. The final, "happy days here again," which reportedly took 12 captures, closed the hour of amazing fashion. Sponsored by Chemstrand (a iron-iron wire!), This black-and-white gem moves fast, with jazzy set-ups, terrific cinematography, kicky and costume sets. They really do not em up like this again - and concerned the special with La Streisand.
