I could not help but feel that this could be a bigger movie than it was. Simply very intelligent and it just seemed that he could have been opening up in a way more reminiscent of seven. Do not change the story - I think mostly in the cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing that I found to be holding back the movie. On the other hand, the rhythm was absolutely on point. Anyone who worked on the correction really did their job well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job of directing. Now away from the technical stuff ... <br /> <br /> This movie threw me to a village. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! Altogether, I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy and then when Adam finally took FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the body was buried and revealed who he was, I was thrown for a ribbon . I suspected the first part of the blow but what really cast me was when he touched the agent and saw the agent killing his mother and the fact that the agent was too (without any word that spoke, simply not touching) seeing him again Adam and ask him how he knew. My dilemma was not that he had yet another twist thrown into the hands of the almost inadmissible mind that the man and his father were not crazy, but actually chose 'bad guys' to speak, knowing their sins and crimes already . I do not end up looking for an eye so I do not let the movie believe they were doing God's work. Instead I chose to believe they were both clairvoyant and that the father went to the deep end a day out of it and in the things that he had undergone his son, stopping them permanent too. That was my interpretation, but the vexing thing about the movie it is like a house of cards and a never ending circle of what the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you were sitting on. It's definitely one of those movies where I would like to be able to meet the writer so I can just ask him what the real meaning was in it all. Was Crazy With Psychosis? They were simply telepathic and were licensed because of it? Or did they have some sort of appearance of God? And if so, God or the Devil has disguised himself as God. My friends and I found ourselves talking about it all night trying to figure out what was and what the filmmakers thought was the answer when they made this movie. <br /> An unbearable embarrassment and thought-provoking movie and some very disturbing but certainly not sensational elements of it. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely his own thing. Large legal direct work and act by Bill Paxton and the child who played Fenton was very good. I hope she does not end up relocating to the child's acting syndrome as she looks very promising. I gave this movie a good vote for the majority of elements that made a movie, but I would vote higher if not for the feeling of something (although I can not identify which) was off and if it did not, The movie would go to an even higher level. Still, a definite recommendation, especially for inquisitive people.
