The film "Frailty" is actually more of a psychological thriller than it is a horror movie. It has all the trappings in a horror movie but it's not. "Frailty" is a film about the perception of religion and realizing the difference between right and wrong. <br /> In "Frailty", a middle-aged father (Bill Paxton) and his two sons claim to be doing God's work. It seems that a trio of notoriously assassinated killers is called "God's hand". We look to the father to kill the "demons" in some ways rather brutally while convincing his sons and themselves that they are doing God's work and what they are doing is right. He claims that he received a message from an angel who gave him specific instructions to eliminate the living spirits here on earth. God has given him a list of names and in return for his "service"; He and his sons will provide protection, which basically means that the police will never be able to take them. We see all this unfolding in a very disturbing way. But what's really disturbing about it all is the effect that it has on the two sons, particularly the eldest son, Adam. Adam himself seriously doubts the existence of a supreme being, that is until his father and a week in the cellar changed all of this. She knows that her father was obviously losing her mind, she is pretty sure that the same happens with her little brother, Fenton. Fenton, the other half of this puzzle, takes everything as if it was his own religion. It seems trapped in his father's world of God and the demons. I think this is because it is so young and easy to impression. But everything that happens in these three is rather convincing, in fact, TOO convinced. <br /> <br /> The events that occur in the movie can be watched as a vivid hallucination being experienced by the three main characters. I say this because each react in the situation in different ways and at one point in the movie they each claim to see God. Father first saw the dead as his mission. His "mission" eventually consume him and quickly gets into an obsession and eliminates the demons. In fact, delusions are the main one. It "order" and the list of the names it receives is all part of the hallucinations. Watch the scene where dad finds the ax in a face barren knowing where I come from. Fenton, the youngest son, is easily impressed by all of this talk of devil and destruction. Since it is so young, it's easy to fall into his father's trap. Adam, on the other is very uncertain toward his father's actions. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS *** <br /> <br /> In a way, the hallucination ends when their father dies toward the end of the movie. (I will not say how or under what circumstances). But I'll say it's not nice. After his death, he soon-lodged on the present day. (The story is told in flashbacks, as seen in the eyes of Adam's oldest son). In fact, it is Fenton who tells the story, not Adam as originally believed. The story is being told how he knew it, in his actions and actions his brothers. Fenton went crazy and continued what his father started to attract by the FBI agent in his trap. Since religion is a major theme in this film, the film also plays on how easy it is for religion to be interpreted by people who do not have a complete understanding of it. Before father discovered his newfound mission, he himself did not have a clear understanding of religion or was completely convinced of a supreme being. His sons Fenton and Adam often sang their innocent little hymns but yet probably did not have a clear understanding of what the lyrics meant. After the revelation of the father's newfound mission, both were taken separately - Adam remained in doubt in being a superman while Fenton was gradually sucking in his father's foolishness. <br /> A very good thriller that will crack the heck out of you, do not look it alone.
