Frailty is a non-gory horror film that achieves its thrill by following the logic and the impact of a person's arrogance / obsession directly into disadvantages. Father (we never learned his name) is a gentle man with loving dad who raises his son alone after his mother died to the youngest son of Adam. The family moon flips upside down one night night when dad rushes into the boy's room and tells them that God has given him a vision. And what a vision ?? The work of the whole family is to destroy the demons, who, of course, are disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> This lawsuit from this, the movie is unflinching in following it. Dad kidnapped people / goddess God told him to destroy, tie, put his hands on them to see a vision of their evil, then kill them ?? while giving birth to her son. Fenton, the older boy, is afraid, seeing only a father who returned to a crazy murderer. Adam, the younger, is uncomfortable, but he believes that Father will follow the will of God. Eventually, his father took his son on the mission to kidnap the "demons" that God had placed on the Father's list, and finally, invited them to fully participate in the mission of God for the family. <br /> <br /> This is not, you understand, an abusive dad. He loves his children. It is only following God's instructions: "This is our job now son. We've got to do that." When Fenton feared and persuaded her dad to go mad, she would report it to the police, her father explains, "If you do, son, I'll die." The angel was clear about it. " Pressure that the children below is unbearable and tragic, and warps all their lives. (1) The film structure resembles a person used in Suspect Usual: a story of flashback, said at a police station in an FBI agent. The moody lighting, the weather time, and the weird calm of the present day adds to the threat of the backstory. I wanted to believe horror unfolding was just a story, until I remember the real life of Andrea Yates, who believed that he was owned by Satan and could save his children from their womb. Even then, I wanted to believe that I had looked at a human tragedy, rather than a story of divine punishment. The movie gave me no such comfort, though, as it gave solid indication to the end on Father's vision of truth. Then, as some traps draw, pose a problem for me. Whatever precisely the vision of the Father, regardless of what his victims committed, where does anyone derive authority to act as an angel of death? (1) review Roger Ebert, 4/12/02
