Well, the recent story of Star Trek was not good. The next generation has changed in its recent seasons, DS9 boldly inhabited no one has ever lived, and Voyager started very bad and never really lived up to its promises. So, when they announced a new series of Star Trek, I did not have great expectations. And, the first episode, Broken Bow, there were some issues. But in general it was solid material trolleys and a good garbage. <br /> I'm going to get dropping them out of the way first. The opening theme is dull and I do not look forward to sitting in it regularly, but that's what the wireless telephones are. What really was the lotion was completely free to rub the scene that just was driving my wife out of the room. They need to cut that nonsense outside. But the plot was strong and moved along well. Characters, though still new, seem to be well rounded and not always what you would expect. Vulcans are clearly being presented very differently than before, with a somewhat ominous theme. I particularly liked the linguist, who first character of Star Trek can not stand proud in the face of death, but rather have to deal with his phobia and fears. They seemed to remain true worshipers, something that was an important issue in the past series, though they had plenty of time to bring us things like shooting shields, the instant invention of technology that could fix anything, and countless of time-travel stories. Anyone who wants to start a pool on how long before the Borg shows up? <br /> In all, the series has enormous potential. They see the universe with fresh eyes. We have the chance to learn how things have been found in the series later. How are the Klingons going to just insult at war? How did we meet the Romulans? How the federation formed with just who puts Earth in charge. Why is the main guide important? If they address things rather than spitting out time traveling episodes, this will be an interesting series. Favorite line: Zephram Cochran said "no one was gone before" (not "no one")
