A lot of Richard Attenborough's film as directors have had great biography of historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a biography filmed in a historical person, but in this case Attenborough's subject is a much more obscure character. Gray Owl was a Canadian writer in the 1920s and 1930s that encouraged the ideas of environment and conservation of nature at a time when they were less fashionable than they are today. He was widely believed to be an American Indian; The story he said about himself was that he was born in Mexico by a Scottish father and mother Apache and emigrated to Canada where he was adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cabin by a lake in a remote part of the Canadian desert, where he earned a living as a trapper. He made Britain's Tours twice, in 1935 and 1937, promoting his books and giving conferences on conservation, and achieving great success, even being presented to the Royal family. (While one of these Attenborough tours, then a teenager, saw Gray Owl in the London Palladium Theater). After his death in 1938, however, he revealed that he was not whom he claimed to be; His real name was Archibald Belaney, and was born in the Seaside English town of Hastings. The film partly a bit out of the realities of Gray Owl's life. In a set of 1934 he stated that he is 41 years old; In fact, he was born in 1888 so would have been 46 this year. (46 years of age Pierce Brosnan when the movie was born, so I'm not sure why this change was made). Many events compressed in the last four years of Gray Owl's life (1934-1938). In the film it is during this period that she meets with Gertrude Bernard who married her Anahareo; In fact, she met with Gertrude's wife as early as 1925. The film also omitted the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl remarried shortly before her death. <br /> <br /> The revelation of Gray's true green identity affects its posthumous reputation, and has been dismissed as a "fraud". Foolish assumed he even used to discredit the causes he was championed. Richard Attenborough, however, takes a more sympathetic view of his achievements. One of the themes explored by the film is the question of ethnicity. Although Archibald Belaney former was not a Canadian indian by birth, there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge of Ojibway and Ler culture and he spoke the languages ​​fluently. He was accepted by the Ojibway as a member of the tribes. It therefore seems unjust to describe his claim to a North American Native identity as being one fraud, merely because it was an identity he chose rather than one he was born in. , Owl's wife Gertrude was the head of American descent but was from a family who had been accustomed to Canadian white culture. So this marriage can be viewed as a cultivation of its original family cultural heritage. He was clearly influenced by her husband, but she also had an influence on her, convincing her to give up her job as a four trapper as she had moral objections to kill the fur. <br /> <br /> One criticism made in the film is that Pierce Brosnan is "miscast" as the hero, a similar criticism will be rooted in the preconception that Brosnan can only play hero action in the James Bond mold. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan can deliberately took that role in order to avoid typcasting, taciturn backwoodsman Gray Owl being on as far from the highest, sophisticated Bond agent as anyone can find. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have been opposed to contrasting role when he appeared in films such as the "Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan is in fact very good at this role, although I would agree with those who found Annie Galipeau weak as Gertrude. Another often-voice criticism and which I would not agree is that the film is "boring". Certainly, it's not a movie action like Good, neither is a great epic biopic like "Gandhi", and it may indeed seem boring to those who expect it to be either one or the other. It is, however, likely to please anyone who has an interest in the early days of the movement of conservationism or the philosophical implications of national identity and ethnicity. The scenes of Canadian forests are also very well photographic. Richard Attenborough has made us a service of helping to revive interest in half-forgotten, but fascinating. 7/10
