Originally conceived as a solo machine for Dudley Moore, 'Not only ... but also saw his ex-'Beyond The Fringe' collaborator Peter Cook invited on the first show, and so well received he was the BBC controller -2 insists it must be about it every week since then. They were a classic comedy team - Cook was tall, beautiful and witty, while Dudley was short, charismatic, and talented musician. The draw that brought the house down was in a pub, wearing flat caps and mufflers, fantasizing about film stars like Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It remains one of the most hilarious skirts of all time, and even when Cook remains it always holds well. Those characters - idiot Pete and even-bigger fool dudes - found their way through every episode of the proper show, seen in a different setting, such as a zoo or art gallery. In the letter they munched sandwich while discussing works of art. "That cartoon is Leonardo DaVinci ... I do not see the joke!", Said Dud. Burst points when it first revealed it probably had people in adapted. Dud almost choked on his repast. "You Really Enjoy These Sandwiches!", Free Cook Listings. The pair bounced their humor into each other in a joyful way to see. The chains themselves set new standards for comedy, standards that should not be matched up to 'Monty Python'. <br /> <br /> As the popularity of the show increases, so did the quality of the guests invited. Peter Sellers for example, with John Lennon, the latter presented a filmed article based on his poet 'Deaf Ted, Danoota, & Me'. 'A Little too Leg' - was Dud as 'George Spigott' (a name later re-used in the movie 'Bedazzled'), a person with one legged, who came from the office of Cook Producer's film audition for the role of 'Tarzan'. Cook tries to let it down as best as possible. "I have nothing against your right foot!", He said. "The problem is - neither yours!". Dud was on Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (Cook) interview, where he was not taught to fly underwater, planned on opening a restaurant called 'The Frog & The Peach'. Another classic was 'the guys were doing well' (also reused in 'Bedazzled'). But my favorite all time has to be 'Superthunderstingcar', a comic (and accurate) parody of Gerry and Sylvia Anderson's Thunderbirds. Burst and Dud played all their roles, and the letter made a 'Lady Penelope' look. 'Ludwig' was Ludwig Van Beethoven as the star of a 'this is Tom Jones' variety variety style. The 'Immortal Bargo' was a bogus documentary about the life of Emma Bargo 'star movie'. In an unforgettable moment, she drove to London, bellowing in a loudhailer: "I want to be alone!". A season 3 feature was 'Cornered Poets' and the likes of Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan, Barry Humphries, Willie Rushton and others suspended on a gunge tank. Each of them had to imprint the line of a poem, and anyone falling to rhyme wounded up into the nasty thing. The three seasons are performed at all, produced (at different times) by Joe McGrath, Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately, some copies have survived. To make matters worse, the scripts were destroyed too. He praises the belief that this situation has come to an end. <br /> <br /> The show ended in 1970. The comics then hit Broadway, made the sad 'Derek & Clive' tapes, but the cocoa ever increased the alcohol break apart. Eight years later, Cook announced that a new series was in the offing, but it turned out to be wishful thinking about his part. Her former partner had made the film in America, and she had no intention of working with Cook again (not at that moment anyway). They were enough to scratch together for a BBC-2 season repeated in early '90's. As expected, some things have not been kept up as well as others. Cook died in 1995, and how a tribute B.B.C put together a program compiled in Parkinson's various interviews and 'not only ... but also' shows. It ended rather appropriate with Pete and Dud find themselves in the sky. "Bloody hell!", Called the letter. Moore spent over 2002.
