Enterprise, the latest high-turn budgets of the most successful franchise of film and or television history are open to the tune of a 90-minute episode called 'Broken Bow'. Our first sweep in a massive action sequence with a Klingon being chased by some Suliban (which is the main enemy of the first season of the show). From the movie the movie takes us on a journey that rarely gets as good as it is, with some of the best character development, history and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short amount of time. Open-credit is a subject of constraint in the minority of Enterprise fans, who some believe the song is from place. What they fail to achieve is the lyrics themselves. If anyone listens to the current song, instead of the theme, then they will start the pieces of the puzzle together. And eventually as the series progresses further and further, and we learn more about our vibrant caps and his crew, the song will actually become significant. In general, Diane Warren's theme is very well organized and sings as singers singer Russell Watson. What makes any watchable TV show and worth watching time and time again is its character and how to become structured with layers. Enterprise is (in my opinion) one of the best cast shows since the next generation. Select Scott Bakula, as Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision since Gene himself cast Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. As the commander always leads the show, Bakula adds a subtlety to her role and brings a big smile to anyone who has blood pumping in the veins. It simply is (both wise and wise characters) a superb person to have with his charms, wit, and their overwhelming compassion to look. As for the other cast members, a favorite of me is John Billingsley who plays Dr. Phlox. It's also nice to see a non-human being playing a role, and the decision to give the captain a dog, named 'Porthos' was an idea that got well. Throughout the development of character show was brilliant, it was fast, well timed and almost perfect. I say almost because Travis Mayweather's tragedy played by Briton Anthony Montgomery is a bit weak at the end of the first quarter. It has some things to say here and there, but to stay away from producers to make it more important. Jolene Blalock is wonderful as sometimes harsh, but also loves T'Pol's submodifiers. Dominic Keating as Malcolm Reed Meeting plays a strong role and is convinced as the gun officer. Connor Trinneer plays Captain Tucker's "Tucker" Charles who always adds charm and comic style to his character and finally Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weak character, but fortunately quickly becomes interesting. All of these characters make up Enterprise, and all carry a quality that Star Trek has not seen in a long time. Each person makes this show worth seeing. Smile and feel-good sense are guaranteed right from the first time we see them all along the bridge at the star Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01 is a bit skeptical of design. The series is set 150 years now and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why then the ship appears to be similar in the design of the 24th-century ship, namely the Akira class vessel? Continuity was a problem in Enterprise, but Fortunately Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] provided proper explanations for each and every one of them. Continuity is only a matter if you are forever examined and are obsessed with tiniest in detail. If you see the show and open ideas, then you will have no problem, but have an encouraging to know 'why' all the time. So what made Berman and Braga offered in the Star Trek-base bazaar and the problem of deign to the ship itself? According to the NX-01 is how it is because of the incident of First Contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E in his telescope and spoke to lead the team away by Captain Riker, he changed the minds of himself. This is a good enough explanation for me.lets moving on. Of course it is not easy for some fans to accept that sort of answer, some go as far as they refuse to see the show until they find a reasonable answer. Come on guys grow.When George Lucas destroys the Star Wars legend and the launch of his profits makes new trilogy, fans could not do anything, just watch and jump it all up anyway. Then they learned that, well maybe it's not that bad after all. If you can not accept a quality show for what it is, it should not be in mind, then go somewhere. Or try to become a producer on the show and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The sets on Enterprise remind me so much of the defiant from Nin Space Deep. They often appear cold and have a strange look of modern structures and are called to belong to the military. Perhaps that is why the crew of the USS Enterprise (aka boat of the American fleet) is so numerous. They are hit together, and represent the show perfectly. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman 'The Supreme Empire' as John Logan is so well placed with his counterpart Brannon Braga has hit the nail on top exactly where they should have, and from all sides right. Whether these must be techniques, visuals, sounds, corrections or notes. Enterprise is a fine demonstration of just how good science fiction TV can finally be, when in the hands of genius. Delayed Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a fan of Star Trek, so you should.
