A married, twenty-something hick (played by John Travolta) leaves the firm and goes to Houston, where he learns about life and love in a Texas honky-tonk. In nominal value, it's a modern love story ... Texas style. There's Cowboy hat, pickup truck, neon beer signs, and references to big-belt and rodeo belt. The music, if not Texas native, is Texas adapted, the courtesy of Mickey Gilley, Johnny Lee, and the Charlie Daniels Band. And Texas was forced ... "y'all". The story and the characters are as subtle as the taste of Texas five-chalk chili made with Jalapeno peppers. It's enough to make civilian viewers aboard the movie in favor of a classic genteel, one starring Laurence Olivier or Ingrid Bergman, maybe. "Hamlet" it's not. But "Urban Cowboy" is spicy and explicit, and I like it. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is generally good. The dialogue, design, production and costume are all realistic; The correction is adept. And both the casting and the act are commendable, if Oscar deserves not. I would not have cast Travolta into the role she plays, but she does a fine job ... Dito Debra Winger. Barry Corbin and Brooke Alderson, among others, are also good, in support roles. But the movie seemed weak. Copy films I watched had gotten, and at times suffered from a reddish / orange spots, a very visual I was noticed in other films from the same time period. <br /> At first glance, the movie does not seem to offer any social or political message. "But I would argue that when" Urban Cowboy "was released twenty-five years ago, he had the most prophetic effect In the 1980's the US had all sorts of problems, not least were American hostages held by Iran. In the minds of a lot of folks back, then the US was pushing around, This film, along with others in its time, offers something that Americans wanted to see in their political leaders. "Urban Cowboy" is a very physical movie. Can not be the most brighter people on Earth, but they are hard! <br /> Everything about "Urban Cowboy" is anti-intellectual. As a vehicle for cultural expression then this 1980 movie was one of several which has increased a new get-hard era for the U.S. It began in 1980 with the election of Reagan. And this era continues that day, and a President who probably will not be remembered for intelligent his s, but will be remembered for his harshness and aggression, American characteristics seem to be gravity as surely as Texans five chameleon algae.
