First let me say I'm not from the south but I'm an American. I do not like country music but I can breathe it. I would never wear a cowboy hat but I put hats. I do not live in a trailer but I eat salad tuna and own a home. What to do with this comment? A lot if you are one of those who say only "land" people who love this movie. This film is wounds based on "They liked and lost" the site. James Bridges directs an American love story as real as it gets. In an era of Jerry Springer and "Allowed to put it out" mentality, this film is harder than ever. <br /> <br /> Bud is "coming to age" and embarking on a life of its own and a little help from its aunts and uncle to move to the big city with them. Bud finds himself drawn to the local world tonk for the escape of only a blue necklace man can afford. It quickly encounters Sissy who is from a similar background and the two has a whirlpool romance filled with painful and ups ups. <br /> <br /> (This plot takes a lot of turns so that one has just sat down for a few minutes before getting hooked.Those is a focus here that is often missed. Early in the movie are getting married see the transition from being single to the bride .The movie highlights some of the modern struggles a woman has when she marries an old fashioned man.It also brings in sight of the male and female months and competitions.) She is challenged is excited when Micky puts in an electronic bull. Sissy gets the idea of ​​having fun over it too but is quickly reminded that he is getting married and needs to start "acting like her." The emotions between the two characters are raw and expressive and the scheme continues out of the especially when they (NOTE OF WHO AWAY IN THE STORYLINE line) split and Sissy falls for a former con with a prone to abuse and cruelty . It soon realizes that the grass is not always greener on the other side. <br /> How can anyone compare Bud vinnie Barbirino is shocking me. John Travolta gave an exceptional performance that deserved recognition. It was credible and real. The scene where he razed his beard and you first saw him in the bar .. Pumpkin gave me goosebumps. Mind you I'm not a big fan of Travolta, but come on, I see why Sissy was kicking off her boot early in the movie. Deb Winger was so real that you find yourself compassionate with it as she pen a score of Bud emotion, after sneaking into her own home during the breaks. <br /> <br /> Throw in support was incredible. Wes played by Scott Glenn gave a first-rate performance that made you hate him and curse him as he encounters Sissy. Madolyn Smith-Osborne, as Buds Mistress / girlfriend was so authentic that big chested girl across the US prayed awake chested wearing the clothes he had donned in the movie. My biggest stamp goes to Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson as a budding buddy and uncle. They seemed like an aunt and uncle somewhere in Texas and however small, they made the movie so bigger and lively. Two memorable scenes were the Dolly Parton competition and the unforgettable scene where Bud and her aunt stand out after one of the death characters. The dialog between them touches. <br /> If you can watch this for it, a true American love story. Then I recommend that you take it for what it is ... a movie before it's in time that gave us vendors in a world unlike our own, but real enough for our fun and entertainment. If this world sounds similar to you then you'll enjoy it much more. Finally, the music however dating, is sure to send you back in time if you are over 30 years of age.
