In Dundee's Christian film, Hitler: Raise Hitler's early life and politics in a very successful way with some minor historical mistakes and some exaggeration. It is quite natural for a Hollywood movie that has the following things as the main objective of the production is the revenue that will be found in the movie. Though these errors may disappoint some members of the audience who believe that everything should be done in the book, I believe most of them adapt well to the rest of the movie, making it more interesting. We should not forget that this film is not a documentary. Who likes how his dog died anyway. <br /> <br /> Through the film, Hitler is described as a psychologically unstable face that gets angry very easily and is very passionate about his ideal. But he was not described as a super-cruel, but more like an ambitious politician. I believe this is a nice outlook as the movie does not contaminate by tons of negative emotions and this movie has made a bit of purpose. Yes it was a little crazy, and its methods were rough but it was still a human by a totally crazy face as described by "Inglorious Dam". I believe he made the movie more realistic even with some inaccuracies in their historical reality. <br /> <br /> The flow of stories is nicely reflected with viewers. Though the film's focus was around Hitler we were also lucky to see what's happening in the country as a result of these actions through newspapers, discussions about people and songs in a Jewish cabaret. The reaction of society was also reflected in film but it was very limited. Battle of journalist Fritz Gerlich and ironic play that they played in the cabaret was fun and exciting, but that was all. Mostly we only saw his followers rampaging the streets and applauding him. <br /> Another thing that was missing in the movie is information about the origins of her hatred for the Jews. In the beginning of the movie, there are some ideas about this given, but they were quite superficial. All of a sudden he was a politician who gave talks about the necessity of Jewish extermination. In conclusion, Hitler: The Rise of Evil can not be considered an excellent film that everyone will love, but it is not satisfactory at all. If you can stand the director who changes history for cash, it's an interesting movie that reflects Hitler's personality in a successful way.
