The next-to-last episode revealed in the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes tranquil slang that proves the show has always explored its characters at this point in the third quarter; Even though flawless, 'all of our Yesterday' has its moments and in general a moody, compelling feeling. Kirk, Spock, and McCoy beam down to a planet, assuming they reach the nick in time to save or at least give some warning to whatever population is there, since sunshine is due to explode in a few hours. But as it turns out, people are all too aware of the fate of the planet, and using a kind of time travel device, they have escaped from the past. Each person could choose the time and place in the past where he would like to live in a 'library,' run by an elderly man named Mr. Opto. Etoz supposed three people are looking for a past to live in as well and show them various periods from which they can choose on viewers. Some instead forced confusion at the beginning of the episode, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy-Where did they go? They wanted to. <br /> <br /> The misunderstanding might be cleared up rather easily, but for purpose to draw, it's not, and soon Kirk finds himself transporting back to a 18th-century England dating period, while Spock and McCoy They are sent to an ice age, 5000 years from the planet's past. From here, the main focus is on Spock and her relationship with a woman deported at that time by a tyrant as punishment. Spock begins increasingly emotionally, showing anger towards McCoy and deep affection for Zarabeth, the woman. He eventually realizes that he is returning to the primitive emotional state of his ancestor on Vulcan, 5000 years ago. Kirk makes his way back to the first library, and finally convinced Mr. Atoz is not part of his planet's history. Spock and McCoy return just before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind; Maintenance of the Enterprise has risen and speeds as the sun has exploded, destroys the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides the most memorable moment of the episode, though Kirk's adventure in the past 'English' is fun. All in all, a very decent last-day trek Star Trek.
