The third episode of Star Trek's third trek season is excellent with a record of the most maligned final season. Essentially, Spock, McCoy and Kirk beam down to Sarpeidon find the planet's population completely miss except for the presence of a giant library and Mr. Atoz, the librarian. All trek characters 3 will soon accidentally walk through a time travel car in different periods of Sarpeidon's past. Spock gives a convincing performance as an ice age Vulcan who falls in love for Zarabeth while Kirk represses his happy experience and time travels - seeing the 'City on the Edge of Forever' - when he was accused of magic and jail before they escaped and found the door back in time at Sarpeidon's present. In the end, all 3 characters are saved only minutes before the Niobe Beta star around Sarpeidon goes supernova. The enterprise bends away as the star explodes. Ironically, as William Shatner notes in his book "Star Trek Memories," this show was the source of some disputes since Leonard Nimoy noticed that there was no reason given in Lisette's script for the reason why Spock was behaving in a so emotional way. Nimoy has transferred his misgivings directly to the show's executive producer, Fred Freiberger, that Volkan was not supposed to fall in love. (p.272) However, Freiberger has reasoned, the ice age allows Spock to experience emotion since this was a time when Vulcans still have not evolved into their fully present logic. This was a great example of improvisation on Freiberger's part to save a script that was far above average for this particular episode. While Shatner's note that the script quality decline for the third season hurt Spock artistic since his character was forced to brave as a donkey to the "Stepchildren Platon," playing music with Hippies in the "Eden Way" or sometimes showing Emotion, the script here was most credible. Spock's act here was excellent as Freiberger frankly admitted to Shatner. (p.272) The only obvious obvious hole is the fact that since both Spock and McCoy travel thousands of years back in time, McCoy too should return to a most primitive human state, not just Spock. But this is a forgiving mistake to consider the poor quality of many other epic 3 shows, the Spock / McCoy performance noise and originality in this script. Who could imagine that the inhabitants of Sarpeidon would escape the fate of the finish line by traveling in the past? This is certainly what we've hoped to expect from the best of 'Classic Trek' - a truly inspiring story. Shatner, in 'Memories', has called some of its best "unusual and high quality shows" in season 3 as the Enterprise Incident, Day of the Dove, Is There No Truth, Tholian Web There, And Children Will Lead And Syndrome In Paradise. (p.273) While my personal opinion is that 'And the kids will lead' is a very poor episode while 'There's no beauty' is a problem, "All of our Yesterday" certainly belongs on the top three season Star Trek TOS movie. I give an 9 out of 10 for 'all of our Yesterday.
