An unusual take on travel time: instead of traveling to the Earth's past, the main trio gets stuck in the past story of another planet. The beam down to this planet, whose sun is scheduled to go nova in 3 or 4 hours (this cut it close!). In some types of futuristic libraries, they meet Mr. Atoz (A to Z, find it? Ha-ha) and his lingerie. It turns out, instead of escaping the planet's destruction through space travel, the normal road, the inhabitants of all escaped from the various eras of past generations. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on their way after making a selection (check out the discs we see here, another prognostic trek in CD and DVD!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the car (Atavachron-sa-sis), Kirk newspaper heard a woman screaming and ran into the planet's version of the 17th-century Earth, where she joins a sword fight and arrested for magic. There's a unique performance, but good here by the actress playing a woman in ill reputation at the moment, using the time phase ("... you're a koo ... ..."). Spock & McCoy followed Kirk, but finished at an ice age, 5000 years earlier. Kirk manages to get back to the first library. The real story here is Spock's Reversion of the Barbarian Trend of the Ancestors, the Warlike Vulcans in 5000 years ago. This does not really make sense, except that perhaps this time machine is responsible for the change (even so Spock & McCoy was not 'prepared' by Atoz - oh, well; it seems to me Spock has been affected by the transition almost immediately - He mentioned they came from 'millions of light years' gone, instead of the correct hundred or thousands - a gross mistake for a logical Vulcan). In any case, Spock really shows her nasty side here - forget "Day of the Dove" and remember "This Side of Paradise" - McCoy quickly finds out that his friend Vulcan will not stand for any of his usual 'and almost gets his face rearranged. Spock also gets it on with Zarabeth, a beautiful woman who was captured this past cold as punishment (a couple of wagons written on Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes are eye-openers, a reminder of just how much spock is hidden or caught in. It is also ironic that, only a few earlier episodes ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy has shown out to Spock how it's not Never would have known pain in love - and now all this happens. Kirk, meanwhile, tussles with the senior Atoz, who insisted that Kirk head back in some past eras ("You obviously a suicidal maniac" - great thing from Wolfe actor, last seen in "bread and sixty "). It all works out to the end, but, as I mentioned earlier, they cut it very close. A little little trek adventure, with a definite slender cosmic.
