I'm a movie sucker like this. Movies that take you back and let you relive your kids. I am an adult now and have a great deal of responsibility like a mortgage, child, dog, wife and murder. I enjoy my life but it is not as innocent and against like it was when I was twelve. The Mike Indian Mike Mike Binder knows this and explores this as he was twelve years old. It brings you back to a time when life was simpler and more fun. It brings you back in a time when worrying about your first kiss and wondering if you could end up marathon camps were crucial issues. The Indian summer is a fantastic movie and it is one that should look at least once a year just so you can sit back and laugh ... and reminisce. The movie stars Kevin Pollak, Bill Paxton, Diane Lane and Matt Craven (in the name of a few) as friends of the children who were called back to Camp Tamakwa by advising former heads, Uncle Lou. Uncle Lou is played perfectly by Alan Arkin. It is kind of guy who is the patriarch of the group. It is also all known and encompasses the real spirit of a father's face with someone who understands simple things in life. It has been a tough time with children today who need a bright sunshine in their ears when they are in a place of immense beauty like Tamarawa. This is a camp that has Moose wandering around the camp, the leaves turn colors that God has given them with water for as far as the eye can see. Her uncle Lou marvels for the old days and asks her former comrades back to the camp to see one of them going to take over the camp. While they are all together again, we get to see the trials and tribulations and maybe a new love could be springing between them. <br /> <br /> As the adults return to the camp, it is not long before they act like children again as the tip camp towers get played all over again. Toilet paper from the stalls, put the toothpaste on their sleeping bags and so on. All this makes hilariously with actors like Pollak and Paxton, it is all very funny. <br /> But beyond the hilarity, we get to explore some real adult emotions that anyone can relate to. In one of my favorite scenes, Kevin Pollak and Elizabeth Perkins are overlooking a bay where they were going through channels like children. Pollak can not find out on how small it all looks like and Perkins finally tells him that the bay did not get smaller, they just became bigger. It does not hammer the home point, but it makes it subtile. We all grow up, we all move on and we all unfortunately can not live as we did 20 years ago. The more things change, the more they remain the same. Indian summer is a movie drive character and writes very well by Mike Binder who actually went to Camp Camp Tamakwa, (like Sam Sam Raimi, who played baton in the movie) and he His fans and memories are alive in his experience of filming the film. There are many touch scenes and there are many hilarious too. Both are perfect. <br /> I like this movie. I love everything about it and it is a true hidden gem. <br /> 10/10
