Just got in watching this version of "Samhain", and even though I still love it, it's nothing like the "rough" version I have. If you check the message board, you'll see an apology of the director for cutting this version, 79 minutes., And he says he had nothing to do with this R-rated trimmed down modify with a completely new aiming set end. Christians really do not need to be far beyond that much, because basic basic elements still arise, though very trimmed down. This is a humiliating shame, because this was the potential of being one of the most goreest and best films in those years. It still has the porn stars, and the enbreds, and some of the extreme gor can at least partially see. I'm just glad I have that "rough cut" because I'm in a jewelry for any gorehounds library. Christians Much definitely have the skill and vision to deliver the goods, and hopefully his next project will be the best product. Identities had a classic near to them, and aimed it for everyone. "Samhain" can be one of the most controversial movies and mishandled ever, and too bad porch did not get to see what the intended director. ************************* Just to know what you missed, this is my review based on "working print" of SAMHAIN. The movie runs a little over 90 minutes and no chapters stop. There is absolutely NO music band, and some of the scenes have no audio on the dialog, because I think they are meant to be looped in later. However, most of the movie has audio and sound affects, and when an effect or scene is missing, a message appears as a cue for insertion when the movie is filed. It's exactly as it says, a "rough cut", but only the one-sided version of "Samhain" you are ever lucky to see. The reason, because the gorter is very graphic, much more than even an NC-17 would allow. Yes there are a few porn stars, but they just have to kill, and add a little sugar and spice. The story is beautiful standards, American tourists on a vacation in Ireland and end up staying in a house in the middle of the woods. A heaviest area of ​​tradition, involving the ancient Druids and the celebration of Samhain, or as we call it Halloween. (spooky) movie starts off with a large dose of gore, as a couple camp is attacked by one of the inbred local mutants. This is a great Gore scene, as the guy finds her girl hanging in a cliff, and she cried out for help. All she saw was her head, arms, and shoulders hanging in front of her, and when she pulled her up, she was completely sliced ​​into two. This is what I would call EXTREME GORE, with girdles, blood, and cut branches all over the place. We are in Herschell Gordon Lewis territory here as well, except the effects are much more realistic. I'll just skip the story, because it's your standard tree and kill draws. The next Gore scene is something to see, as the companion from the first killing to take in a cave like location (TCM-2 stuff), and tied to a table. This geek then cut off all branches (camera, with a cue insert a scene), and then we see her torso on a pitcher pit, turn slowly on a fire, and the torso has a hard-on (if you can believe). Yes, very bad taste, gross, vigilant, you get this right word, and it will probably fit too. Then later Jenna Jameson, her beautiful body and all, are cut off in the sidewalk course, and all her entrances are pulled out of glee graphics, and without it cleaning in a pan. Yummy, a real turn on huh? <br /> But the best hinges scene happens indoors, and I must admit, this is one of the best Gore scenes I've seen. This guy (no matter who) is caught in behind from a geek, and off open in the ass hole. The geek then puts his hand in and rips out all the guys into the intestine, intestines, and the hell of all other people there, right from his stupid. This goes to FOREVER, as the guy is screaming with more and more innards to pull out laying all over the bathroom floor. This is so extreme, so on the head, that I find myself laughing in hell. Obviously, you will NEVER see this scene on a good DVD, IMO, and most of the really extreme really extreme scenes. <br /> So what's the thought of all this. Well, firstly, though I doubt this film would ever be released in this totally uncut presentation, it does this "rough cut" a rare jewelry for gorehounds. Yes, it's a little hard at first, with no band, a few scenes constantly inserted, and credits that have missed the names of all over the place. But this is what makes this unique, and I would not trade it for anything right now. Extreme Gore, yes, Extreme Extreme Gore. This makes "High Blood Pressure" look like a Disney movie.
