Honestly, I was hoping to hate this one, and really just checked it out because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I said I got a kick from EVIL BREED. A college and group of college students go on a "field trip" in Ireland. The lodges are located near the woods where it rumors about strange things happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. The post-gene group was warned by caretaker of the property of the property by enterprises in the woods - but they were the stupid B-movie characters that they - of course paid no attention and pay for the mistakes one-not-one ... the first, there is a lot of evil and evil breeze. The acting / dialogue is very weak, and my bigger big is that a movie with Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn, and Taylor Hayes should be far more broader nudity than was on display here - with Jenna's role The output of this product is very much hyped, as it has a combined total of about 2 minutes in screen time. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn shows no skin and has the worst accent of Irish ever. Also the latest scene in the movie makes absolutely no sense and feels like it's thrown into just the end of the movie. These people are asleep - there are some good things as well. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain both sent early on, and all Greco's finisher went up on a rooftop roaming and intestinal chasey hanging from being torn in half (though how it ended up in that way by displaying on screen ) ... not bad for the first 5 minutes. The other kill scenes are very inventive, including the removal of Jenna implant breasts, a guy getting his colon pulled from his ass, a knife in the face, and a few other noticeable. Implants and colonial scenes are also having uncharacterized version of their special features and a shame to the producers being made off 'em, so to speak. Also the movie moves together in a very good clip once it gets moving so you do not really have too much time to be bored. "Fixed" FXs are also done completely that definitely help. Overall, EVIL BREED was not as bad as I expected. This one, along with the SATAN who has been able to renew my interest in American low-to-budget films. I usually steer clear of them as a whole, but these were decent enough to give me some faith. EVIL BREED is no boss, but it's a decent way to blow 90 minutes - could not hurt sucking on a cheap Bourbon bottle while you're in it - I know I was, and I'm sure he's not hurt la. 7.5 / 10
