I really like Richard Gere ... I still have and it looks like the end of her statue as a Hollywood star and money maker slipped, but it would seem to me that the reason is that she is taking mature, intense roles and it has been very successful in it just not financially because I've seen it in some really wonderful gems as in the end including the Hoax, The Hunting Party (both must see movie! See my review) and now, This sheep is apparently meant to be a huge release considering substantial 35 million + budgets. It seems that some of the other IMDB reviews are very, very difficult because I thought the movie was faced with a very serious social issue in a very direct, violent and disturbing way and just managed to bring it all home. It's a drill driller action that has caught my attachment to the TV and its history. I think part of the problem that people seem to have and it is that it's Hollywood-izes a very serious problem but I do not think it's doing it with respect, but rather try to take a different turn to know that what exists . In fact it's as much as the hunting party faced war. Hong Kong director Wai-keung Lau has done a decent job to keep it together but I think the cast is what makes it lookable. Richard managed as you can guess in my previous comment is brilliant as a social worker of Erbol Babbage type that has the kind of creating his own style and law when it comes to keeping track of his "Flock" registered violent sexual offenders. It holds no punches to follow these people, and they make absolutely sure they do not re-offset and if they do it will be the one to identify and stop them any way they can. Managing so intense and looks poured out of this job and it became violent and angry at watching these loose monsters on the street. It's just fantastic. Claire Danes is also formidable as Babbage's new partner and his replacement that he has to train his job. Danes' character is far more worker and is a bit taken aback by Babbage's style and methods, but slowly realizing what he tries to accomplish and up against. Two of them are brilliant together and have terrific chemistry and characters as many different. KaDee Strickland plays a recorded record offender who looks like torn from the titles as he plays a very remarkably characteristic character from Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's wife who is now out) for those of us who follow Canadian reliable assassins. Her character goes a little over the head but she is convinced and worried all at once. Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new companion and it would probably bestow a major role. Ray Wise, who is a terrific character actor (checking him from the end of death as well as the amazing turn as Satan himself in the show WB show) and becoming a small but good role as the head of the public security department and the boss Babbage. The film is not perfect despite the terrific performances of casting its lead. It takes liberty by really trying to make the movie more entertainment than education but it's just a different angle not unlike the Nicholas Cage Dud 8MM. The shepherd takes you to underbelly in sex trade, kidnapping, human trafficking and more and is just really something to look. Perhaps it was not directed or written as well as it could be but I told you that Danes and Gere simultaneously made this film completely mountable with a really great comedy. It's disturbing, but also something that is not very complex and yet the Gere's character in many ways is intense complex with many layers and also opens up social stigma and makes you contemplate the vigilance in many ways when you see people are dealing with them. I urge you all to ignore poor review and see it for yourself because it's worth checking out !! 8.5 / 10
