I have been looking for this movie because I'm a new fan and I wanted to see more of her work. First of all, its Irish accent is great. He had a keen ear for dialect, it seems. His acting was beautiful, as usual. James Frain aside, I thought the film was very well done. He showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as * the * mess * he really is. Both sides are guilty of serious injustice, and the plot guys in the conflict usually have very little to say about the circumstances. Also, it's interesting to realize that not everyone (or woman) is supposedly fighting for his country is really doing * just * that. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why she does "read", ginger can not come up with an acceptable moral answer. Why? Because Ginger is not in it for the noble cause of protecting his homeland or the rights of his fellow Protestant ... Ginger is in it for fun to kill. It's full of blood-lust and it's the perfect job for a guy like him. In a fight like this there are guys like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their family ... guys who see the whole fight just starting to fight more. There are guys like Kenny who are born full of charisma, and they add fuel to the flames, instead they mean that you are not. Also, Kenny really believes in the "cause". He believes he's doing a difference in the future ... that's a bit odd 'cause his character seems too smart for it all. But as a lot of other seemingly smart people, it is sucked into a gang shape can not even accomplish it ... 'til it's too late. Then there is ginger, a pure psycho who is not in the fight for any other reason, but for the sheer thrill of it, which in a gangland type war makes him a valued advantage, some may argue. However, now, in this movie, ginger was out of her life, and it became a very dangerous cannon to loose. <br /> <br /> All come in a boiling point, and warning, the ending is one tragic. What makes this movie deserve is that it shows both sides of the old age conflicts. Being Indian, I can not begin to fully understand that all struggles are over. But I know there is a better way. <br /> <br /> All in all, a well-acting, touching ... but troubling film.
