"What is love in our hearts for his colleagues? Is not the sweetest flower? Does not this flower in love have the fragrant aroma of fine, fine diamonds? Does the wind love the dust? Love not Unlike the convenience of it is included? Are you with someone tonight? Do not ask your love .. Get love you by hand. Leave the power in your head .. you've heard me, release the power. Fill out the cosmos wild with a whisper .Circuit the sky with one intimate stroking .. That's right not to be shy.Washing out everything you got and doing it in the butt Listen to her smurryy lisp and salacious comment made I'm tired of being overwhelmed, and my dear reader. So when the movie version of the "ladies man" came on the cable, I mumbled a few comments in my own , and then click again, but come the day, gray and forlorn, when "nothing is over" any of the 100 channels ... sigh .. Yes I've been dealing with each abusive cable No need to watch it or turn my TV! There he, Leon Phelps, smirking and ... make me laugh! What happened? Did I get Hollywood's succession of 'mute-down' humorous site-com? Is it I desperate to avoid abdicating my sacred throne? The truth of the question is that I love "Ladies Ladies" more than I should. A story about a vulgar playboy called cognac while leering in every form of females goes against my feminist tenderness. What started as a gross SNL blot before my eyes in a story about Leon and his playboy philosophy, going through life "helping people" settle their sexual conflicts. "I'm Teresa Mother of Boning", she solemnly informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), her friend and long-suffering producer at her radio show, "Ladies Ladies". And he's not kidding. Leave a string of broken hearts and demons, Leon manages beds and breakfast just over all Chicago. He is doing so with genuine good-will is his call-card in life. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed, "Experts in the ways of love", managed to find himself in a lot of issues with husband and boyfriends. One such as maligned spouse, Lance (Will Ferrell), has formed a "victim of the smiling ass, USA" club, vowing to catch our beautiful Don Don. "Oh yeah, we'll have our revenge," he croons in his cohort, in a dense-standing number. <br /> <br /> Plus it's such a pleasure to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the Tavern owner and narrator's list of Leon's Odyssey to find his "sweets" with a pile of cash. (Where did he hide?) But would I choose this movie as my Valentine's Day choice? Leon's research for the life that is easy to change it in so much profound way - that I gave the nod to our "Ladies Man". That it can, in the movie closed, get early and a woman, while still offering her strange advice, is the thing of dreams!
