Sometimes they get lucky and have a hit on their hands (World Wayne, the first one, not the second). But most often they have dudes (It's not coming in spirit rather quickly). This time came out Tim Meadows as the lady man. This movie falls somewhere in between a hit with a dude. It was very funny for the first 20 minutes, but then as usual arrives with SNL skittles, it starts to slow down, before finally finishing, long after it should have. Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ and a night show to call the lady. It answers all questions related to gender and relationships, usually in the best possible way. Everything looks finally down to the butt. After pushing the buttons to the station manager, Leon, along with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) gets fired, and he needs to find another job. From the random blue, comes a letter to one of his former ladies. The latter offers his wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem being that the letter is not signed. So Leon needs to track down all the women she was and find the woman in her dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, the woman of your dreams stands in front of you. There is also a sub-sketch about a bunch of guys in their wife / girlfriends were all dead and Leon, and they want to first figure out who he is (not a tattoo he had a part of his anatomy), then kill him. The leader of this bunch of guys is, surprise! Is Ferrell from SNL. The first, I thought the sub-plot was rather lame. Singing and dancing were just completely worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell but here she just never clicks for me. And the rest of the guys were just schlubs that attained together, and in the end all decided that the wives / girlfriends scam about being in reality their fault. So go back to the main story. The storytelling story centers around Leon and gender. So what it comes down to is, if you do not like the character of Leon, you will not like the movie. His voice, his manuscript, his dialogue is what brings the movie. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good actor on SNL. The only thing I ever really loved in him was ladies ladies skits. But the best thing about these is that they usually involve the host invited (remember one with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For about 5 minutes, they were very funny. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's really funny. What I thought was good about the character of the movie, is that he lived in character at all. She never wrapped out of wanting to just get wearing character. Up to the right end of this transformation, and all the time the present speech tied up. Other than that, she was very good at holding Leon as Leon, and did not change her to something less rude than she was. There is not much material in this film, if you could not guess. But as I said earlier, the beginning of the movie I found to be very funny. Some real laughs come out loud, all revolve around sex with his crudeness. The issue of course with this movie, with most other couples turning SNL, is that these are the characters that are only supposed to show for a few minutes at a time. Stretching the concept in 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty is obviously why the sub-draw was needed, because without it, this movie would be a little under an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it had to be boring. <br /> <br /> So in general, the lady man was not as bad as other SNL movie, but it was not as good as others. It had some funny moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest of it was cracking down. There was a sub-draw necessary with only the goal was to stretch the film. The bottom line is, if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you'll be able to watch the movie. If it annoys you, do not even bother to go. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in some beautiful clothes revealing. <br /> <br />
