As deep as it may sound, I actually delay my look at the "barbarians" several times just because the VHS coverage (as well as the image image displayed here on the website) looks so incredibly gay! Since now I wish I had looked it earlier because the movie is not so gay? just trashy, cheesy, campy and enormous fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, director of the "Holocaust Cannibal", was the man responsible for this comic cash on the contemporary popular fantasy & sandal, particularly Conan Schwarzenegger's movie. The movie opens with a typical 'once-on-time' type of off-screen screen, introducing us to the Ragneks. The founders once traded a whole hill of pure gold for just one powerful magic Ruby that would allow them to travel to freedom and access to each country as an asset. In other words, Ragneks are a bunch of circus phenomena traveling! Early they suddenly come to an end when the vicious Kadar kidnapped the beautiful Ragneks Canary beautiful and continuously tried to discover the places of Ruby. Meanwhile, and as some sort of fun garbage in time, the two orphaned Gore and Kutchek orphan are trained to become musked warriors and they are unwarily prepared to fight each other with the death. Instead, they save and develop a plan to free the queen. Actually, the plot is not half as bad as I was initially scared, but still the most fun to give in the beefcake chambers' on the screen chimney, the digital infectious crazily and of course the fabulous whimsical monsters, like a dragon and adorable Eyesight, some types of luck and zombie zombies randomly appear pop out of the swamp. The soundtrack and the make-up effects are great and our Deodato hosts have a quick pace. Barber's actor's capabilities are better than I anticipate, apart from the fact that one of them still produces gross sounds. Throwing in support is splendid as well. Eva La Rue never looked more beautiful than the Wild Wild Cara, Virginia Bryant is all boring as Richard Lynch states on several occasions and the beautiful Sheeba Alahani makes her first appearance and solo on film as a vicious sorceress and a hair style donut style shaped (I kid you do not!). Last but not least, the "Barber" star favorite star in the hill creep Michael Berryman as the appropriate Dirtmaster named. I know the photo looks like gay than a promotional campaign for the music version of the rise and fall of the Village People, but the "Barbarians" really are a must-see Italian exploitance.
