LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle in a movie, a work that was made more profoundly because of its understated script by writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi that allows the natural scenery in this story 'road trips' and sophisticated acting at the Nicolas stars Cazalé and Mohamed Majd bring emotional impact to the film. Ferroukhi's vision is greatly enhanced by the movie Katell Djian (a tender mix of traveling travel through horizons and tightly tiled photos between characters) and music notes by Fowzi Guerdjou who managed to hold some nice themes throughout the film while pay homage to many local music variations from many film survey countries. Rena (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in South France, a young student with a Western girlfriend who does not seem to follow the religious direction of his legacy. Her senior father (Mohamed Majd) has decided to finish her Hadj in Mecca, and that she can not drive, Reda's refusal to abandon her personal needs to drive her to her ultimate religious obligations. The two expelled from a vulnerable vehicle travel to France, Italy, and over across Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia, and Saudi Arabia. Together with the Reda plenary journey with his father, he goes to some of the interesting sights, but his father remains focused on the goal of the trip and Reda is irritated to struggle with his father's demands. On the pilgrimage they meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) who attaches herself to the two men and must eventually be deserted by Reda, a Tik Mustapha (Jacky Neressian) promising to guide the son of the duo, but instead carrying on a schism does not get Reda drink at a bar and disappear, and countless patrol fraternities with custom agents who delay their progress for various reasons. Tensions between father and son of the hill: Reda can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage to be filled with trial and misery, and the father can not understand Reda's sensitivity to religious beliefs and father's needs. The last came to Mecca where surrounded by horses of pilgrims from all around the world and the sensation of the journey's significance is overwhelming Reda. The way in the story comes to a close is touching and rich and meaningful. It has taken a religious pilgrimage to restore the difference between old age and old age, between son and grandfather, and between challenges and acceptance of religious values. The visual impact of this film is extraordinary - all the more so because it feels as if the 'just happens' camera keeps the beauty of many points up the road without needing to enhance them with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a superb actor (sure he has seen the most recent and actually films featuring 'Pitri's Son') and is the very nuanced role of the magic of this film. Another fine film from the Film Movement, this is a tender sensitive story said. Very recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
