It is no surprise that writer / director Michael Powell regarded as "A Matter of Life and Death," and Emeric Pressburger's fantasy fantasy from 1946 to be his favorite of the films together. Published during the Second World War, this colorful romantic adventure would give only the tonic for a traumatized nation, recovering it from the need of a good uprising. After a film of other patriotic wars, the Archers had made one such cherkish, skittish and most patriotic of the many. Quentessentially British to defend British heritage (Shakespeare, beer, just play, good breakthrough), it is also visible to Americans in its Baroque composition, technical invitation and a multi-ethnic cast. Classic, "It's a nice life," AMOLAD opens on a grand expanse, and one of those who watched the earth and the sky, and what a great, wonderful world we are living in. br /> <br/> It then cut the inside of a British cabin, seriously striking, up in flames and with the co-pilot already dead. It sounds misqueceived, but the connection is soon lukewarm with the events that follow. <br /> <br /> The revue of almost 5 minutes, the quick-fire exchange between British Peter Niven and American radio contact (Kim Hunter) is breathtaking in its intimacy. The resignation for death, Peter still warms a lot of vigilance, confusion and confusion, and his warm affiliation with June close to a mutual exchange of 'I Love You'. <br /> Keeping with the Magic at this time, Peter, by supervising his 71 conductor whose work has been transported to him in 'the other World,' saves death and finds himself stranded on a beach. He later met June riding a bike, and instantly matches the body and the voice. But to realize the errors, the high court wants Peter to send back, and orders the French conductor (Maurice Goring) to come down to the ground to retrieve him. But Peter is determined to live because of June and the conductor's errors, and volunteer guard his corner. Peter's fate finally lied to the court of heaven and American prosecutor Raymond Massey, whose jury consisted of several dead hero wars and British Delegates. The surreal trial, which melts from b / w back to Rich Technicolor, once the verdict has been announced, may well be a dream, but the final shot of the hospital validates the predictable result. The abstract, frames fill the "staircase in the sky" (the American title in the movie) used twice: the first time in b / w, when he raised Peter and the enigmatic French guardian equal, crossed Peter's giant potential lawyer for the trial, including Abraham Lincoln and Plato. The second time, stunned the staircase color gives the environment for what an iconic image of the movie - Peter and the jersey-side-by-side, the wonderfull eyes are fixed in the frame, the fate seals. /> The easy sharing sharing between Peter and John never turns mushy or verbal; It is treated with nobility and the perception that the couple are already inappropriate enough to be married and simply need to persuade people in their love, so he can keep them together. A French conductor, who can freeze time with human bodies, obtudes many of the key times together, Peter's conferences and stories of his unlucky tricks, squeezing Peter 'Top 100 Tricks Games' books and cafes l 'the gode. As visually inspired by Powell / Pressburger collaboration, this was the first time to combine color and b / w ?? The latter has a great quality of joy when used for scenes in the sky, and both are equally fascinating. <br /> <br /> Write the script more than the design matches set imaginable, and the sound is so immediate that it does not feel like it was written or done for the screen. Entertainment and Witty, Writing Powell / Pressburger deserves equal acclaim and color for color and composition. <br /> Made in 1946, "A Matter of Life and Death" is one of those films that challenge it age, looking cool and inventive, even at that age where CGI would vamp up its artificial effect, probably strip off of emotional wonders. <br /> <br /> Other junk changes might include reducing the average cut-down segment and borrowing to inevitably reducing dialogue so it can save the low attention to most audiences. Powell draws a spell that subconsciously absorbs the viewer from the first frame, giving it freedom of experience and images without betraying logical developments in Peter's situation.
