You would think you are in for some serious tourists when the premise of the movie takes place primarily between two characters while traveling 3000 miles or so from France to Saudi Arabia, going to most of Europe - Italy, Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia, Turkey, before reaching the Middle East. But this is not a trip, and there are no stopovers for soaking in the sights. Reda's father is in his twilight year, with the will to do the Haj. However, since walking and taking the mule is out of the question, she chooses to travel to Mecca by car. He can not drive, and therefore release the help of Reda, in his son's protests, to get him to the crush machine. But Reda does not see the point that he goes along, when his father could get involved with the plane. He cuts the idea of ​​putting his personal life on hold for pilgrimage he could not understand. So we put in this journey really hard with dad and son, are not the best of pals. <br /> <br /> The beauty of this movie is witnessing the development of the father and son, the challenges facing, the strangest people to meet, having had it out of varying weather conditions, and alternating rest stop between motel and sleep in the car. We see a generous generation generation in trying to communicate with each other, the father trying to impose on his son, and the son is trying to assert himself as an adult, but the circumstances we see, revealing that Reda is quite a fish out of water. Through the many encounters, they actually team up quite well despite the differences. <br /> It's probably just that this movie has been released here last week to coincide with Hari Raya Haji, and with the opportunity to watch our protagonists join the other Pilgrims in Haj. The final scene in Mecca is truly a sight to see, and you also would feel the clostrophobi and fear as Reda tries to hunt down her dad among thousands of people gathering. The sights of Europe were perhaps deliberately not settled on, so as to build the anticipation and focus on the final destination. <br /> <br /> It's certainly the home page thought to say and show loved ones how much you value them for who they are. Do not miss this, and yes, early books - I was pleasantly surprised that this evening session was still a full house.
