If you want to be cynical and pedantic you might notice that the opening where a lapping RAF bomber mortally wound over 2 in May 1945 is somewhat easy since German air defense was as lively as Adolph Hitler that day but this is not a movie that should be seen by a cynical audience and I guess a character being killed in literally the last few hours of the war added to the poignancy. In fact you would have to survive the second world war in fully appreciating the intelligence, beauty and soul of the leaders of Powell and the Pressburger. The scene in the sky is great to suffer today? Again you must see the movie in the context when it's done. Commandant RAF loses 58,000 people during the war, the same number of Americans lost in 'Nam, but during a shorter and far-away period, far smaller pools of active fighters, have not been atheist in a fox hole and I doubt you would lose a family during the conflict you would see material atheism as something tender. When Richar Attenborough's young pilot appeared in awe of his hero wars he must have been openly crying in this scene as they remembered many crooks who did not survive the war. Also make in mind that despite losing millions of people from 1939-45 there seems to be many people from Germany passing through the pearly gates. it's obvious Nazi does not go to the sky <br /> <br /> The plot itself where superbly young pilot Peter Carter argues for his life in front of a celestial court would not have had much appeal to me if he does not did for the subtext, you see a MOTHER OR LIFE and DEATH is a very political and visionary film that complains at the end of the British Empire as it replaced by American ambitions. There are little things that show the movie as being made by people aware of American history and culture. One is America's ethnic mix, even today many Britons think that the USA is inexorably composed of White Anglo Saxon Protestant when in fact only 51% of Americans are "European White". The film has a scene where a crowd of different races confessed "I am an American" as Peter was judged by Abraham Farlan, an Anglophobe who was the first revolutionary killed by British forces in the U.S. war in Independence. As for "special relationships" between Great Britain and America - What are special relationships? Powell and Pressburger know their stories when it comes to Britain and America. They obviously know their future too <br /> So remember to watch this movie and some of you yourself in the past and some of your mind in the present. It's strange, beautiful, intense and clever, but most of it's a movie that would never work if he did in the last 40 years. Can you imagine if the story was put in 2003 and turned around a British soldier who died in Iraq?
