After "a dirty shame," I never thought I'd see another movie John Waters. This film was really so bad, that I was convinced that all his movies would be like that. But when the DVD of this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said that this was an excellent movie, I decided to give it a try anyway. Only a couple of days after it was shown on TV. I stuck it out of curiosity and now that I've seen it, I can tell you that this "Pecker" sure is a lot better than "a dirty shame". <br /> In this film we see how a young 'nobody' from Baltimore becomes an overnight sensation in the art world of New York. She is a sandwich shop staff who photographs her unusual family or things that she sees on the street as a pleasure. When he kept his very exhibition in the shop where he worked, his photographs were noticed by a gallery owner who likes the pictures full of misery and uniqueness. His photos are sold for enormous prices, but when he sees how his family, friends and strangers react to his success he decides that he will not go to New York, they will have to come to him if they want to see more of him. And they do, but what they see to be, is a bigger trauma than they could ever imagine ... <br /> It's not hard to see why I loved this movie much more than "a dirty shame ". The first reason is that this movie has a current story. This movie really has something to say and does not just intend to shock as many people as possible. The fact that they make fun of the art world that considers everything from the ordinary as art because they do not know what the reality is like, not only funny, it's not far from the truth either. I guess there are so many people who feel about this modern art style. Nobody understands why they're doing such a fuss about it, but apparently we're all supposed to love it. The second reason why I liked this movie is because this one had the best performance act they offered. I do not say that everything that you will see is great, but at least the characters have some thanks to the performance of the different actors like Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... is not a big movie, but thanks to its critics and Some good jokes - never really go too far - this is an enjoyable movie. It certainly is not the best comedy ever, but I loved it much more than a "dirty shame". I give this movie a 6.5 / 10.
