Before this little black-and-whiter, subject to the rape handling touch has never made it on the American screen. There are so many things that Hollywood and Production Code keep hidden until the 1960's rebels. So it's not surprising that it would take a little independent company like the movieist Ida Lupino to raise the subject. The result is well-meaning, but somewhat compromised, that is not surprising since Lupino's director worked with the quest code to get the movie released. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, the main issue of Ann Walton (Mala Powers) is the main attack is not how others can see him, but how he sees himself. And it is a heavy load it brings. Could it ever be related to men? Will be watching him as "spoiled goods" (after all, this is 1950)? Little wonder he ran away rather than facing such anxieties at home and work, though family and friends are generally supportive. In general, this first part is reliable and well-done. The chase is hyped to inject some action into the draw, but then this is a movie - noticed how the neighbor neglected to respond to the Honking cone near the end of running. There were people who were screaming in alarms from Powers instead, the lack of the neighbors in response would have raised an interesting hitting complex problems. <br /> <br /> The second half is pretty much given on the Production Code of the Sentimental Person of Rev Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is her (citing a sentence) that "gives her courage to face life again." There is some effort in his nationalization - it's Ann or his dilemma that he's most interested in. Still, gentle attendance and understanding comes across as a little too miraculous and a little too Hollywood. Fortunately, the finish avoided the usual Hollywood cop-out to highlight only the hope of a happy resolution for Ann rather than its certainty. <br /> Give Lupino a ton of credit for dealing with the topic in the first place. Given the overall findings, I hope he faced as honestly with the subject as he allowed them. I also wish the hearing today to find the treatment too interesting especially because of Powers' excellent performance that carries out the human drama. However, the film works better now as a document in its time, and what the cultural watchdogs that day thought appropriate for adult look.
