Ida Lupino was one of the few women crushed in the sidewalk toward Hollywood under the studio system. Not surprisingly, he also tackled proto-feminist terms that, when touching at all, were approaching so ginger in such a way that it was rarely clear what was being talked about. In Outrage, he treated his rape and consequences, and though in all of his short films referred to as "criminal attack," he left, for once, no doubt about what happened. <br /> <br /> Mala Power (in its first official) plays a secretary-bookkeeper in a large industrial plant; He lives with his parents but is engaged in a swollen guy (Robert Clarke), who just got a boost and now makes $ 90 a week. Leave the plant after working late one night and find himself backed up. At the stage worst ?? the best of the movie ?? He attempts to escape his pursuit of a barred maze of buildings and corridors, but failed. <br /> When she returns home, clutter and shock, the police can not get much out of it; he claims he never saw his attacker (who banned a snack truck outside the factory). Try to assume that nothing has happened, it returns to work, but falls apart, thinking that everyone is staring at it, judging it. He goes to a fugue state, running to Los Angeles on a bus, but stumbling in a rest stop. Waking up in a strange hive house, she learns that she was delivered by Tod Andrews, a young minister in a California city town. She lied about her identity and took a orange packaging job. The fall of the fall of love, but it's clear Andrews that may be confused. When, at a company picnic, he took a key and crack the skull of Jerry Paris, who was trying to steal a kiss, the truth about his past out. <br /> It was a courageous films come from 1950, and can explain and excuse some of its imperfections. Lupino never recaptured the fiberglass at the early attack scene, and the movie wanders in bucolic and sentimental, ending talky and pedagogy. Yes, Lupino had important information to share, but she did not trust the narrative to speak for herself. Throw it, beautiful but bland and generic, not much help, either, returning to melodramatic postures or homespun roots. But outrage was a tool, even a trail for later speech on what crime really exists, and what it really means to its victims.
