I like this movie. Director Michael Powell once claimed that this was his favorite movie, and it is me as well. Powell and Pressburger have created a simple story, superbly fabricated stories - power of love against "the powers that belong". However, its disappointment lies in the complexity of its "is it real or is it imaginable" citing. Basically, one might argue that it is simply an illustrative of war effects on a young, poetically inclined airport during WWII. Or is it? The question never answered one way or the other. Actually, he never asked. This continuous contention is part of the film's appeal. <br /> <br /> The innovative and cinematic photography even includes some nice touches showing the interests of the filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a cinematic version of Richard Strauss' opera, Der Rosenkavalier, about a young 18th-century aristocratic Venezuelan. This is evident from the brief interplay of which 71 Conductor, dressed in all of his, holding up the (appearing in silver in the sky). The same music has a dream quality. <br /> All of the act is the first percentage - David Niven is at his best, and has excellent support from veteran Roger Livesey and Newcomer Kim Hunter family. But in my opinion, the film charm from Marius Goring as conductor 71. It's not far from the most interesting role, complete each of its scenes with its innumerable innocence, the bright film. It's a pity that some of the 71-stage conductor performances were on the chairs room off. It is also a pity that Goring's comic talent are rarely seen again on film, except in the wonderful videos of the Scarlet Pimpernel TV series from the 1950s. This is by far and away from the most memorable role in its film career. It is a perfect paper for relaxing style of Niven, and its virtual exposure contrasts so nicely with the gravity of the rest of the characters. Ironically, in the mid-1940s, Niven also stared at another "messenger" in the sky, played by Cary Grant, at the Bishop's Wife. The current styles were so similar that I found the boring, unenergetic, and irritating result. As a note, according to Powell, Goring desperately wanted Peter Carter's role, initially denying 71 conductors. It's a good thing he gave in and gave us a delightful painting. The movie, "commissioned" to list the relationships spread between Great Britain and the US, overdrives its point towards the end. But it disarmed in its mild recalls in the horrors of war - the numerous victims, both military and civil, need to "go on" when faced with death. There is an obvious lack of WWII "enemy" in the sky, but civilians show they are endeterminate backgrounds. Powell and Pressburger could be more explicit in the illustrations but it was not needed. The film can not serve its diplomatic goals as expected, but its originality continues to inspire moviemakers and viewers alike on both sides of the Atlantic.
