I was deeply moved by this movie in great respect. First of all, I just meant that Clara Lago was the most precious little thing! Such a beautiful girl. His act was superb as well. True in life and very humane. Even though I do not like the party where she smoked; I hope it was only a prop. Either way, it was absolutely wonderful and the story was so moving. I found myself bathing in the story with her character. <br /> It's very interesting as I've actually discovered this movie. I walked into blockbuster and I just came to notice her smile on the cover as I walked by. My chances I look in the direction under which this movie was in! I thought myself, 'shiver, look at her! So I picked it up and saw that this film was described as wonderful things like "a little Gem." I read the plot on the back and then thought that, well, maybe I would watch it on IMDb first and then back and rent it in a later time. I'm glad I did not, because I certainly would have been missing out. After looking for a movie with my friends, I knew that I might end up regretfully not rent this film, so I went back to the place in which I originally found it and broke it. was on my dresser for a week, since the school started for me this week and I really did not have any time to watch it, but tonight was the perfect opportunity. I popped it in and was stuck in the beautiful movie, delightful and moving drawings drawn from beginning to end. I was so fascinated and to say, some parts almost moved me to tears. <br /> I would also like to make a special mention for the boy in this movie, Juan Jose Ballesta. It was remarkable. Also the actor who played Carol's father, who in the unfortunately is not listed on the site. His voice was just so loving and gentle that I could really sense his love for Carol. Though its appearance is not important, I really felt the presence of his character. <br /> This is really a wonderful movie. If you are someone who is moved by light, but emotional film, then this is definitely one for you.
