Some unsuspecting films carry a message that reminds you of the hours and days after viewing. This is the case for CAROL'S JOURNEY, a very well-known film 2002 in Spain based on the novel 'A boca de noche' by Angel Garcia Roldán who also adopts the book as a scenario. War and its consequences are not new subjects for film, but when this theme wars play in the background as a subtle driving force to develop characters (especially children) that must face adult life influenced by the adult games, the result is another and more sensitive quiz in the coming genre of genre film. Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old American young man from New York who with her mother critically ill Aurora (María Barranco) returns to her Aurora home in 1938 in height at the Hispanic Civil War, a home abandoned by his father Amalio (Alvaro de Luna) since his wife's death. Robert Papa Carol (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who joined the Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family. Aurora had a past: she left Alfonso (Alberto Jimenez) lover Robert, and Alfonso in the cold sister of Aurora's sister Aurora (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who stays away from her grandmother Amalio until she meets others, but not in her class': Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and her two friends at first Carol, but As events develop Carol and Tomiche are bonded by what feels like the first wake of love. When Aurora dies in her illness, Carol must live with Alfonso and Dolores and daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but she returns to her grandfather for support and her best friend and professor Maruja (still radiant Rosa Maria Sardà) to understand the difference between classes and meaningless warfare that keeps his beloved father in his side. Through a series of incidents Carol and Tomiche learn their rigor to become adult, face more traumatic in a short period of war than most of us experience in a lifetime. The finish, though sad, is expanding as Carol's maturity journey is complete. The film is shot in Galicia and Portugal and has some extraordinarily beautiful scenery captured with sensitive tender lighting by Cinematographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and Improved by notes in music by Bingen Mendizábal. Director of Imanol Uribe understands fine lines separating pathos from bathos, and in electing to focus the story about the children involved, making a statement even stronger on the worthlessness and cruelty of war. The cast is exceptional: the stars clearly are young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but are supported by the fine veteran actors in the adult roles. This is a visually stunning job with a lasting message and should get a bigger audience than it has this date. Grady Harp
