Opening flourishes to let me push and enjoy the inventions - the changed version of the Archers' logo, the warning introduction, the road camera boiler on the Cosmos. It's strange to think that `It's a beautiful life 'from the same year. There is no big coincidence: the 1940s were flooded with film in the sky and earth; but the nebula's linen cotton wool and the cutesy angels in view of tattered look, something better than on silence, when placed next to Alfred Junge's vision. <br /> It continues to look great all the way through, as more and more striking ideas were pills on us. I'm not a big fan of mixed colors with black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always seems ugly when placed next to the other. Not so here. Powell melts the monochrome and monochrome color in color as if it's the most natural thing in the world, a change only in palette. Both the color photography and black and white could stand on their own. As for the story ... this might be the best script Pressburger, or at least it would have been the conclusion was a more logical result of previous events. Other than it's tight, again and more than I can possibly allies here. Was the real thing in heaven or imaginary? (Or maybe? Maybe Carter dreamed of a fantasy that was, as it happened, true.) Everyone says we will mean neither answer nor question, but I do not see why. I'm sure we are mean to ask the question. The film even gives us clues to what the answer is - indeed, the problem is that there are too many clues and they seem first to be shown in different directions. The fact that other things should handle our attention as well does not mean that this should not be handled as well. There, as I said before, a lot goes. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene of which Abraham Farlan (heaven's prosecutor's lawyer) plays a radio broadcast in a cricket match, and despises say, "Voice of England, 1945." Dr Reeves (the Defense) acknowledges The display with a great deal of embarrassment, and then produces one of its own: a blues song from America, which Farlan listens as if it had a lemon in his mouth Reeves looks smoked. <br /> Snobbery Well, I do not see why it's snobbish condemned music blues - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger are doing, anyway. As the song played, we get a shot of American soldiers listening It's a very good thing about the song and neither Reeves nor Farlan knows what it is. Reeves probably realize as much as it does in the rhythms, most of them at the top of the rhythm, perfectly in the house, not incomprehensible. All English hearings (and all Australians, Indians, etc. audiences as well) know without saying that there is something in value on cricket, too; and that while Reeves understands that, it is able to explain it to Farlan - hence the Blues broadcast, which shows that people can understand one another without sharing an understanding of everything else. It's a smart scene. <br /> Last thing. I found David Niven a bit cold, without the charisma he'd later find in his career; but even so, I do not think that a movie took my heart quickly after the action started, as this one did.
