Set in 2017 (although one might easily mistake it for 1987, judging by hairstyles and clothes), the Man Runs to see all-round good guy Ben Richards (Schwarzeneggar) framed for a crime he did not commit. After a daring prison break, she was captured and joined as a competitor in the Britanny Show Running Show game, along with some fellow escorts and the very beautiful girl, Amber (Maria Conchita Alonso), <br /> <br / Used by the totalitarian government as a way to control the masses, show them confused against a series of colorful opponents (and often quite), each has its own unique style to kill it: Dynamo Fire Electricity from a special suit, Buzzsaw use Chainsaw, Sub Zero has a razor rod spread hockey hockey, and Fireball prefers a flamethrower to finish off contenders. But these killer have no match for Ben Richards, who sent each one in a very graceful manner (followed by the mandatory witticism). At the end of the film, Ben joins a group of freedom fighters in a fight against the authorities, and gets accurate revenge on the nasty army show, Killian. Twenty years ago, Arnold Schwarzeneggar headed the action-film universe and, in his army of fans, he could do no harm. The Australian Beefcake has been a successful formula that almost guarantees the success of the box office for his movies: Funny Books Violence Plus Draws Free Logic Plus more beautiful sidekick women's most witty one-Matter, less acting capabilities equal to massive profits. The runner's faithfully follows this blockbuster recipe in a T and the Arnie (especially young men) hearing lapped it up (myself included). Now, two decades later, and having just finished re-watching the movie For the first time in year, I found it a strange movie: a totally devoid of technical merit, decent acting, and convincing effect, yet somehow totally fun. Achieved by Paul Michael Glaser (best known as Det Dave Starsky from Couple show 70 couples, Starsky and Hutch), and adapted from a brief story by Stephen King (written under the name of Fold, Richard Bachman) The Running Man is cheese 80s pie that looks both incredibly cheap and very dating, but despite (or perhaps because of) foddiness the movie, it has a special charm that is difficult to describe. <br /> There is no attempt to create a realistic near-future environment, the movie provides many unintentional giggles. Check out the scene in which Ben discovers Amber's secret cache to tape cassettes (!); seizures of graphic 'futuristic' crap used on advertising billboards and the Running Board game (as a graphic designer, I found these particularly fun); be surprised at the different lack of compelling technological advancement. <br /> <br /> Man in Run may be talking garbage, but it is hugely entertaining gossip that I have no hesitation in recommending fans of Arnie and Sci-Fi action in general.
