Does not Mystic Pizza win the Oscar for this year? This film never has a chance, due to the filing, but maybe not now people can see why I felt that way on leaving the theater. Only "Wargames" let me feel just disturbed after leaving the theater, and the feeling I got a glimpse in our future. The story shows that this is exactly what happened. The casting is a pop-culture Cuisinart in the 1980s: you get Arnold as Ben Richards, the sidebar rescue offers a chance to "run" for his freedom on the game show and the same title as the movie; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, treated his role as if it were the host of Family Families and their competitors using real weapons; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Liberty" and Co-Wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero," both "stalkers" who killed the "people running." Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) show up, while the "dancers in the future" are no other than the Laker Girls. This movie screams "80s." The plot is a good excuse for the action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but agree to be the Man to Run by saying that his sweetheart should be free; Instead, they join him as "competitors." Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard who can properly judge Salma Hayek in the 1990s. The production value on the film was a bit poor, the cheese lines, and (at the time), the plot seemed somewhat far-fetched. I remember thinking when I left the theater that we were definitely heading toward the movie, but who could see how far we would go there and how fast? If the Man Run was on the TV Guide list, most people would assume it was just another reality show pushing the envelope today. The government's influence on the media was only worse, and the public dumbed-down public in the future that sowed all of its freedom for "national security" is downright chilling. Ben Richards played brilliantly by Arnold as one of the few remaining returnees against a government tyranny that the rest of America is all too willing to accept in return for good TV and some separate gifts for the audience. The movie was way over the head, perhaps even in the cliff for its time, but as and Back in the Future III, the "Gorge" it appeared to be down to head in in 1987 replaced by tracks filled in 2006 with pies Far, and this movie will surf into the future as one of the films of our time more prophetic. It is tragic that, like Wargames, the academy did not give this brilliant scenario the gratitude it deserves. "Severe actors" act seriously while being so fierce that you want to throw up can gain more Oscars, but that does not make them better film than their "common" counterparts, such as this one. An absolute must-see.
