Arnold once again in the 80's has demonstrated that he was the King of Action and a Materio covering this futuristic movie about a violent game show with no surviving competitors. But as the tagline says Arnold has yet to play! The film begins in 2019 in which the global economy falls flat with foods and other important supplies of short supply and a totalitarian state, to monitor all aspects of television living with a state police. It shows that most popular games are the Running Man, in which the criminals were forced to survive against "Stalkers" who live to kill them. The movie opens with Ben Richards (Arnold) who leads a helicopter mission to observe a riot food in progress. He ordered his superiors to fire on them, refusing to have hit and thrown into prison, in the meantime they killed the people without his help. The government blamed Richards for the massacre to earn him the name "Butcher of Bakersfield". Tens of months later Richards and two friends William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) evacuation in a detention area worked in. They made their way to the underground, led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identified Richards as "Bakersfield Butcher" and refused to help him, but his friend convinced him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance, but he would rather go live with his brother and get a job. Soon he found out that his brother was taken away for reeducation and a woman named Amber Mendez (Alonso) took his apartment. Knowing who he is he will not help him, but he persuades him, but is busted at the airport by the cops after he ratted him out. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the Running Man has trouble getting good new blood for the arrest to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson) shows the army and one of the most powerful people in the country to see Richards footage escape and is able to get him to the show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him, so he signs the deal. You will love this part. But soon he finds they will join him as well and make sure that Killian knows he'll be back. Runners are beginning to make their way into the Zone and Fight characters that are memorable, sub-zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Eventually Richards is along with Amber who suspects he's been stopping but being caught and thrown into the game too. Together they get under the ground and make way back to Killian and give him a let's send us. <br /> <br /> The running man is another one of Arnold's great movies from the 80's. The movie was apparently a bit-based Stephen King's book of the same name. Some have said that the book is better. I'm sure he's not and I do not care anyway I liked the movie. As in all of Arnold's films, the act is what you would expect with one classic material from Arnold and even Ventura gets a couple of inches but without a doubt Richard Dawson is the exceptional of this movie. Being a real show game host it easily spoofed itself and was able to create a really tough-looking character. The movie itself is a bit rigid about playing games with big brother watching you. Keep an eye out for fun poking with some old shows, "pirate hate" among others. The cast was also great besides Arnold, Koto, and Alonzo do not forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all of the reality reality television that goes on it almost suits at best now, but I'm sure the liberals Hollywood would do it in a movie about the "Bush Bush". The new DVD had poor extras to meet the stalkers being the only one rescued. Some how the ACLU managed to find some of the communists in the DVD and is mocking rubbish that would not be anywhere near an Arnold movie in all of this. Blasfeme! Overall for any Arnold fans especially we've grown up in the 80's on it, you can not miss this. It's one of the first I've seen back in the 80's and it's still great this day. The futuristic world and humor are great. Overall 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of his best.
