The runner is often dismissed as being just another Arnie action thriller full of explosions, pressing bad and bullets, and to be fair, there are a lot of that in it. People who looked at it and compared it to the Terminator series, saying it was one of Schwarzenegger's worst movie. <br /> But give it 18 years, and you find yourself being able to appreciate it in a different light. Rather than just another brainless action movie, it works very well with a reality television reality parody. It's very different with Stephen King's book, but I doubt if Hollywood, with its love of optimistic and so-called 'ordinary guy' who came from having the skills of a trained commander, would accept it's its current form. Ben Richards (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a cop who works in a dystopian United States where democracy is something of the past, and the whole country is ruled by a government conglomerate / media conglomerate. The economy is in the tatters, the food is scarce and the state keeps people distracted by sadistic gameshows products for them to look, like jumping for dollars, where people jump for money on a hole in rabid dogs, and the one one Popular is the Running Man, a gameshow hosted by Slimy Damian Killian (played by Richard Dawson's entertaining) where supposedly 'criminals' are driven down by theatrical, pro-wresting-enquiring 'stalkers'. <br /> Some, however, try and talk about the government. When a group of hungry people hold a protest in Bakersfield, California, a helicopter piloted by Richards sends the 'calm' (kill) protest. When Richards refuses to fire on innocent people, he was arrested and framed for the murder of the people in the crowd. He is convicted of a slave labor camp but fleeing with the help of a resistance leader (Yaphet Kotto) and going on the run. However, his freedom does not last long, and after it kidnaps network staff Amber Mendez (Marita Conchita Alonso) in an attempt to save those who pursued him and found himself captured again, but this time he is forced to appears on the Run Man. , the movie all moves in standard Arnie mode. Richards were launched in post-apocalyptic desert in Los Angeles (why LA still destroys these dystopic worlds?) And forced to run out of the 'Stalkers', along with two other prisoners who escaped from the work camp with him, . Amber also became curious about Richards' protest in innocence, and discovered he was framing. Guess what happened to him, then? So, as Amber, Richards and the other two men ran around trying to avoid the stalkers, we soon came to know that Richards had no ordinary cop. It is Super Arnie, a host of people who can be sick of dictatorship dictatorships and obscenity battles covering Christmas lights all while being just your average American guy with an Australian accent. <br /> Yes, the rest of the movie becomes mute, loud, 80's classic entertainment. There are a lot of exciting fighting sequences, trademarks are scary ('It has to be divisive' being my favorite), and the general formula of confrontation and happy ending. It's a lot of fun watching Killian reacting to the typical game 'Vogue Vogue' game, as well, and some of the funniest moments in the show engraving around the contrast between his interaction with the crowd as the hostess losing benevolence (look out for the old lady's curse!) and the cold, cyncial man he is in fact who will do anything to raise ratings. <br /> <br /> If you expect a high-film, smart film, you will be disappointed. But if you want a great 80s flicker, well, this is it. But the great thing about this movie was quite prophetic. <br /> If you look at the entertainment we have today, you will notice the way television reality is going to be nowadays - show featuring people wanting to put themselves in anything for five minutes of fame, and producers are all too willing let them humiliate themselves on TV. It's not too far an imaginary growth that some TV executes out there was trying to get the right to show people to be executed live on TV. We've already had that, however, and ghoulish al-Qaida hostages are off hostage posted on the internet. It seems that in the current climate, at least some people are perfectly fine and watching real deaths on TV. <br /> With this in mind, and coupled with the fact that all these days appeared a revival of the 80s, you have to be impressed by the far-asylum of this movie. Of course, we do not get there yet, as it is terrorists, rather than the mainstream media, who bought us easily available really dead programs, but you just need to wonder how long it is before some executives decide to see if it can find a way to launch a show that combines people's desires for entertainment and desires to appreciate the morbid curiosity.
