I'm still new to the genre of Crime and the only one I've seen before seeing this one was earlier and somewhat disappointing 'Je Dead in London', which did not exactly inspire a great hope for the rest in the genre of mine. If I would see this one first, however, the feeling would be different as while the girls girls college is a rare and rather wacky attempt at a crime movie shriek; it's great fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that launches many strange and wonderful ideas in the script and manages to pull it off with style. The movie begins in a laboratory where a crazy scientist invented a new and highly toxic poison that killed his victim and made it seem like they were killed in a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal master who breaks common criminals out of prison to carry out her mourning using this poison (and then put them back to prison). As the title suggests, it's a college nearby filled with girls who give most of the victims. There is also a mysterious mysterious dressed in a red dress that marauds around crushed neck and a bullwhip. <br /> Of course, with a draw like that; This is not exactly a serious matter and the director clearly knows that as there is a very long-in-the-blow film Vibe, which announces the good and the scheme. The fact that there are many different places in the draw unfortunately means that everything does not run smoothly; although this is not a big problem as something to keep ticking nicely in the movie and there's always enough to go in keeping the audience interested. The atmosphere is superb and the color scheme of display is great too. Of course, the film is based on a novel Edgar Wallace and clearly the man has a great imagination; where they are also superb and while a killer's work is covered out with an army of wild and exotic could not serve any importance to the plot, it helps to give the film something 'extra'. You cant expect a conclusion that completely makes sense after all that goes on in this movie; but the reason to sort of murder in making sense and is a satisfying way for the movie Climax. In general, girls college girls are an excellent flick of films and one that comes highly recommended!
