Gas Prussik, a murderer who threatens a red clown costume with a hood with a white whip, and the bruises of girls in college schools in the hands of paying prisoners who were hired by a mysterious master who holds his face hidden in a offices with aquariums of turtle and fish. Inspectors in Scotland, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and Super Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) certainly have their hands full of this case. It all looks at center around the Ann Portland students (Uschi Glas), who, when turning 21, is inherited a great deal of wealth. The girls are aiming to share a room with Ann, but the reason to kill them remains the best and the mystery must know. The staff of girls dorms all seem to hide something and certain members of the faculty they fall to the grip of the murderer in the red red monkey mode, enough talents to precisely strangle the strokes of those attacking the whip. The prisoners are commissioned by someone using the newly created toxic gas that was created by a scientist murdered at the outset of the film during which was supposed to be a currency exchange for his creation. It is a clever scheme where a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets the prisoners (.. hidden in a barrel) who is attended by an inmate guard. Take a look at the secret room of the master, and give orders about who killed and how. Uncovering this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John for bringing them to the truth they seek to consider the murder and why they are going. Under suspicion is dormitory female dormitory, her author's brother, a sweaty, instructor nervous chemistry teacher, a snooping gardener, and the Bannister. Some are red erasers until they are disposed of, send the viewer for a loop each time until the real masterpiece is discovered. The characteristics that end up feature twisting multiple. <br /> From the Crimean films I've seen, KIDS girls are the closest to a jealous and colorful creature, a plot scheme has given plenty of surprises and potential suspects, & shenanigans sordid between adults and small college girls in the dorm I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this particular crime movie with the mastermind's secret cache in a (unused) pit, the foal / water bib pistol, when open, fire the fuel Face of victims are surprised, Royce Royce Royce who has been lucky to cause dark window curtains without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and the peep holes used to recognize the girls in the rooms and swim. Many might consider Sir John a liability due to its bumbling behavior, buffoonish behavior and how it often weakens Higgins' ability to get into the truth (perhaps poking fun of his knowledge-all-British inspectors who are wrong a case more than settling it) .. I felt that he was used as a comedy relief, particularly with his attempt to suspend psychinalization and potential victims, often misunderstanding what they said to him. Higgins, using the skills adopted over his years as an investigator, rather than the clues / facts, often avoids Sir John as much as possible. May be the direction of Alfred Vohrer's serious direction that holds the brisk walk to a beautiful speed, and the scenario is full of interesting characters and rounded content .. The fact that many of the adults surround the dormitory are suspicious, any of them might be one Touch the whip or call the shots behind these girl executions assassinated. I would say that this can be one of the best (if not the best) example of the genre of Crime, to keep you guessing, still one more Ace up his sleeve .. The revelations have been detailed At the very end they are quite eye -opening (.., and you even get a literal request of the real mastermind pulling the strings in itself all in).
