This is probably the fastest-most-paced and most action-packed German series Edgar Wallace "Crimson", a cross between the Doctor Mabuse doctors in the past and 60 populace pop as Batman and the man from UNCLE. He reintroduces the outrageous villain from an earlier film that don'ts a stylish fashion and breaks the blows of the victims and the crease of a deadly whip. Put in a chic girls school that is filled with teacher-age-old teachers, and with the flickering hot-to-trotters cops in each opportunity, it's certainly a throwback in those lovely politically-correct times . Has a definite link in a wallace-based film, the giant "Whatever happened to Solange?", Which also concerns the perverted students (and corruption?) The Elders. Quite suitable for monk terms, the master-tailed villain uses bibo-trapped Bibles here to face some of the dead strokes, and also holds a reptile-swaddled casket to entertain his prisoners audience. Alfred Vohrer has always been the most interesting and visually flamboyant of the series directors, and here the lush film is the real star of the show. The monk appears in a red red gorge with clothes, nicely set in the bright white whip, while appearing against purplish-night backgrounds. There is also a rooftop friendly voyeur-friendly pool that looks great both as a glowing one for nubilous students and as a set of fabrics for one of the murder scenes. The "kicker" trademark of the hiding card "End" somewhere in the series at the last stage is also quite memorable here. And there is a nice note and twangy for retro-music fans. <br /> <br /> Fans of the series will definitely miss the flippant character Eddie Arent in those later films. Instead, Sir John's inspector chief took on the role of Buffalo, convinced that he had mastered criminal psychology after taking a few nights. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski also went on to the bigger and better things. The crimes have lost some of the offbeat subjugates by this point, and now worked on a much more blatant pop-culture level, which will make this one quite accessible to viewers uninitiated.
