This movie is one that played very well back in 1932 and probably would not work as well today because its style reads a bit old fashioned and optimally. However, if you are the sort person, like me, who worships the greatest Hollywood movie, you cut the movie a bit of slack and can enjoy it for what it is - an interesting soap. is placed in a ward for pregnancy problems. In this large room are about a half dozen beds in which women are waiting for birth - but doctors are concerned about possible complications (yike - like a room would really traumatize their mothers!). And, like an episode of "Love Pirate" or "Fantasy Island", each mom has her own special story. With many rather extreme and crazy stories, you have to stop unbelievers. I could and enjoyed the movie quite a bit. <br /> <br /> Here are some of the stories: A involving a father. You do not see the mother, but she is a very, very nervous dad and is included for humorous relief. However, it was wonderful here - very touching. Loretta Young and Eric Linden are a sad case. Loretta is sent to the hospital out of prison - she apparently killed some terrible guys. You do not know exactly what happened, but you supposed he was trying to force himself on it! But she gave a 20-year sentence - and her husband devoted to it and is around her as she can. <br /> <br /> Glenda Farrell is a terrible person. It has maternal instinct in a hamster - a really nasty, really bad and alcoholic hamster! It is very funny and worth seeing in most of the movie. I liked him to drink in a hot water bottle filled with gin as well as becoming angry when he learned he can not make his twin sold money !! Late in the movie, it has a typical Hollywood-style change in heart that was supposed to touch - I found it to be ridiculous. There is a woman born in a baby born too. Amazingly, afterwords, they put the lady back to the same ward as women are waiting to give birth !!! A crazy woman, whom you were supposed to lose a baby some time ago, wanders down to the psychiatric unit. He insists he has a baby. Then he saved again and actually take one of the kids! <br /> There are more than that story, but I mentioned they are the main ones. As I said, it's a soap opera and very fun - and quite sad in the case of several of the stories. Finishing, in particular, is heart-break and exceptionally well done. There have been a few particularly good performances - especially Farrell and Aline MacMahon as top nurses. All in all, a very good movie - and I have no idea why they felt the film just a few years later (typical of Warner Brothers).
