Life begins - and ends - in a 1930s parental maternity, where we see 48 hours of life of several high-risk women, performed by Loretta Young, Glenda Farrell, Clara Blandick (Aunty Em), Vivienne Osborne, Dorothy Tree, and Gloria Shea, as they wait for birth. While the movie features tracing devices that seem far out to date today when the motherhood wards are more closely monitored and restricted, it offers us a look back in time to see what gives birth to a typical city hospital in 1932 was like our grandmother and grandmothers. I found the fascinating and exceptionally moving movie. Oddly enough, the most outstanding performance in this film came from a male cast member, Eric Linden as Jed Sutton, the favored husband (Loretta Young). What an actor! As a first-time father, Jed is infamous and uncomfortable with hospitals that seem to brush over his anxieties about his wife as they could lump crumbs in a cafeteria table. I felt all her anxiety really. I would like to see more of this actor's work. It has a very emotional voice, which is used in the unforgettable effect of Gone With the wind. In that movie Eric played the young soldier who had legs emptied without anesthesia, who called "not cut! Do not cut!" as Scarlett fled the hospital in horror. Refrigeration! Another great performance is from Aline MacMahon, who plays Miss Bowers, the nurse. Her character is one kind of earth, the kind of nurse we all hope to get to stay in our hospitals, which breaks the rules of hospitals constantly in order to show a more human side of the medical profession. Loretta Young has done another superb job here as well, a very authentic performance and deeply felt like Grace. I, it is great in these precodes, I've really grown to appreciate her more as an actress the last few months. <br /> <br /> Glenda Farrell has played her role in a wife unwed slightly over the head for my taste (not anyone who knows back in 1932 that swigging Brand from a bottle of hot water could be dangerous to the unhealthy baby's health?) But her character smashes herself to the end. It was a name of Roland Gilbert, a film star silently, as a Italian brunette husband. Time screen was short, but remarkable. <br /> <br /> Life begins a precedent-to see, trying to catch it sometime on TCM, but remember to bring a hello to some screams. 9 out of 10.
