Hitokiri (translated approximately as "assassination"), a / k / a "Tenchu" which translated approximately as "divine punishment") Hideo Gosha show in its shape. Do not miss this one, or Gosha's classic, Goyokin! Hitokiri is not just one of Gosha's best films, it's one of the best "samurai / chambara" films ever to make, and perhaps one of the best Japanese films ever exported. <br /> <br /> Be warned, all the complicated detail scheme of Hitokiri can be a little hard to follow for people familiar with 19th Japanese history stories. Even so, the sleeping drama is obvious and open to all viewers. As for the norm for Gosha, Hitokiri gives yet another variation on his traditional theme of "loyalty to one's master" vs. "doing the right thing". However, Gosha develops his favorite theme with such sophisticated, that he really _the_ the movie sees (along with Goyokin, of course). <br /> I think it breaks down like this: If you want a simpler, more action-oriented story, you might want to see Goyokin. However, if you want a more thoughtful, multilayered (albeit sleeping) drama, see this one. <br /> <br /> (OK, OK, essentially, the historic series is a massive massive massage between many samurai tribes that either (1) working in reform, but holding, the Tokugawa chogounate, and (2 ) those who try to install the emperor Meiji as the supreme ruler of Japan. Of course, these working tribes "for" Emperor Meiji were often less interested in "reforming" Japan than in ensuring their own own tribe more power to " order of the new world ".. Ironically, the entire feudal system was officially abolished as one of the first reforms of the government of Meiji .. It's ironic twists like this - Gosha's great over irony - making the whole plot more embarrassing.) What distinguishes "Hitokiri" from Gosha's other movies is Gosha's mathematical sense of cinematography. Each conscientious compression shot, and (much like Barry Lyndon Kubrick's) each frame of the film could keep its own as a composite still. Of course, this is typical Gosha. Hitokiri really stands out with stunning treasures, including (like and Goyokin) a lot of flowers. Just look at the opening sequence, and you're hooked! Make no mistake, this is not English period: Hitokiri is very violent (not tell you not been warned). What else, other than cool camera work, does Hitokiri stand out? The performance looks like (mine) somewhat more subtle in this one. Katsu Shintaro (in Zatoichi / Hanzo the razor fame) turned into a star performance as the clash protagonist / antihero, Okada Izo. Katsu managed to infuse humanity into a character that looks almost more wild animals than Wicked. Throughout the movie, you're never quite sure if you're engaged or rebelled by Okada's character. At the same time, Katsu's paintings of Hungaruans devastate Okada for respect, and after his patient's attempt to redemption, looks like people that you can not help but feel sympathy / sympathy. Of course, after seeing Nakadai Tatsuya playing the tortured hero of "Goyokin", it's great to see him play as a wicked villain in "Hitokiri". It's just perfect, nothing more to say! As a final note, perhaps more exciting buffers than casual fans, do not miss the appearance of past screeners of Mishima Yukio (yes, the ultra-finalist finalist closet massacre has committed suicide by seppuku before the crowd of jeering personnel his military personnel "kidnapped" in 1970, and he had a movie about his life and works made by Paul Schrader), who actually performed a very solid work in honorable portraits (for a killer) Shinbei Tanaka.
