Another Pokemon movie has hit theaters, and again, I heard the old, "Pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." The franchise's opponent could not be more wrong. Kids are still playing the card trading game, they are constantly watching the TV series, are waiting for the games Advance Boy toys, and they want to see the "Pokemon 4th film." "The Pokemon Movie 4th" introduces us to two more "legendary" Pokemon: Suicune, the "North Wind" in Folklore, and Celebi, guardian of the jungle (and the star of the show). Celebi transports herself with a boy named Sam 40 years in the future, in the present day, where Pokemon trainer Ash, his faithful Pikachu, and his friends Brock and Misty are traveling to Johto. Sam and Ash become fast friends, once they discover the other mutual love for Pokemon (the former Pokeball Sam and Vice-Top Jigsaw is a great moment). Together, they decided to safeguard Celebi from the villain of the story, Agent Agent Rocket well-known Vicious, who is hell-bent on capturing Celebi for his own. Can Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebi from vicious 'black' ball? Where does Suicune fit into the picture? Do Jessie, James, and Meowth have the biggest part of this film ever before? And just who Sam, really? <br /> As with the first 3 movies, if you go to the movie decided that you're automatically going to hate it does not matter just because it's Pokemon (or just because your child / hunter / nephew / younger siblings and it was "dragging" you to it), then you're going to hate it because you've decided that you want to hate it. That may be, but the gambling game "Pokemon movie 4th" simply because it is a Pokemon movie, and especially without seeing it, is just plain clown. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without having to know every last detail in the world of Pokemon. I'm not saying that you will become a Pokemon fan because of this movie, but you can indeed enjoy it, if you will let yourself. Unlike the first 3 Pokemon movies, the "Pokemon 4th Movie" was distributed by Miramax, who I heard also working on securing the rights of the 5th Pokemon movie, which was released this past summer in Japan. Miramax claims to have some buffalo-aggressive marketing strategies for the "Pokemon 4th film," but all I have seen so far is a limited weak release, which does not include the usual Pikachu short at the start, which I really did before for this time. I hope that Miramax will see fit to put the short Pikachu, called "The Exciting Hidden-and-Seek Pikachu," on at least the DVD / VHS release, if not with a wider future released in the "Pokemon 4th film. " I hope the actual release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very fun movie.
