The early 30s and early 40s were a golden age for adventure movies, what with the budget increase during the economic recovery, the changes in screen entertainment since the production code has become enforced and overall optimistic accounts in their time. While most of these rip-roar swashbucklers on the wild, superhuman and often frankly exploded misogynistic in heartthrobs such as Errol Flynn and Tyrone powers, Gunga Din are very different in its focus, dimensions and tones. In Gunga Din's Secret is the division of work in its writing team. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most skilled and celebrated writers in Hollywood's golden age. However the current cinema worked in Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, both of whom, Guiol specifically, had a background in comedy. What we find in these cards is a well-rounded and engaging plot, but also cleverly spotted up with comical touch. Most of the cops adventure at that time were at least partial comedies, usually featuring one or two comic-relief to support players, but they did not use the street style Gunga Din to do. Here, all the main characters can be for objects or independent of jokes. We see the disaster threat of the bad guys suddenly broadcast as the scene dissolves into a light-hearted brawl. The first main battle scene is a mix-even in action and gags, in the style of swashbucklers in silence at Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., something that Flynn's and machine power largely failed to repeat. Towards the middle Gunga Din action must necessarily take a break and there are plenty of talky scenes for the sake of the plot. However the continuous upsets of comedy ?? like the punch routine spiked ?? make this procedure "slow". [...] Producer-director George Stevens was a natural when he came to this sort of thing, himself having his teeth cut in the Roach Hal studios, and almost exclusively led comedians to this point. This was his first full-on feature feature, and it does a very good job. In particular its use of moving point-of-view shots makes the Extra Grizzly Battle Scene. It also brings something you rarely see in stock photos of this era ?? a sense of real dread and fear. It puts this up with those mountain hills and foreboding dominating many of the shots and dwarfing characters. The portrait of the abandoned village and the Thuggee Cultures cry in "Kali!" is really haunted. This dimension of fear plays in all the other emotions that are in here, causing us to worry about these characters, and to make the comedy a major relief from strains. <br /> A real touch of genius is in the way the eponymous hero is presented to the audience. We have been aware of Dinner visually, as it is important to a number of scenes before any of the characters actually addresses it or verbally refer to it. Therefore, we get the impression that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but it quickly becomes a remarkable character for us, and absolutely a sympathetic, as we see him risking his life and giving water to death. <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are all for nothing without a throw can. Do not be afraid, for Gunga Din has a head-tooth! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideally suited to the material, since their best role was generally to find a place on the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grant in particular is at its best, hugely credible, but just occasionally breaking into that over-the-top lane and steering wheel of his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not quite up to the standard of his pea peers, but it is not by bad means. And of course, Sam Jaffe, curse does not seem to be playing for these little oddballs supermarket, but who else can play with these dignities and humankind? I have not set out to hit the swashbuckling adventures at Errol Flynn and Tyrone powers, and indeed many of the pictures are absolute classic that I love absolutely. But Gunga Din does things that even better in these swashbucklers can never be achieved. Not only does he dispense with the superbly male lead or Clichéd Challenge Girl, he successfully merged genre of action and comedy with poignancy, in a way that some photos have been made before or since. And that's fabulous.
