The story of the intruder who acted as a great soldier, saving the lives of hundreds if not thousands, is said in the 1939 film "Gunga Din." Based on wounds on the Rudyard Kipling poem, the film is brilliantly directed by George Stevens and star Cary Grant, Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor Mclagen. The title role played by Sam Jaffe, well known in my era as the boss of Ben Casey, Dr. Zorba, a name that has become synonymous with great, from hair control. Say "Dr. Zorba Hair" to anyone in my generation, and they know what you are talking about. <br /> Place in India at the time of the British occupation, three soldiers - two romantic, superbly figures in Grant and Fairbanks, and McLagen as a great lug - off-ups - in fact, three small villagers . Gunga Din is the water carrier, treated a bit medium - verbally, anyway - not McChesney (McLaglen), but Cutter (Grant) is his fan. When he captured Din (pronounced Deen) practicing his soldier soldiers and saluted as he scrambled the unit during the maneuvers, Cutter gave him a few clues. <br /> <br /> The happy band of musketeers that will break when Ballantine (Fairbanks) announces it is about getting married with a beautiful young (Joan Fontaine) and leaving the service. However, when Gunga Din and Scramble run across stages, a murders killed by a guru (Eduardo Cianelli), Gunga Din rescued to warn the unit, and Ballantine insisted on re-canceling help to save Couture. It's a buddy movie after all. <br /> <br /> "Gunga Din" starts out lightheartedly, with slapstick and wonderful, great comedy, particularly by Cary Grant, who is quite funny. Both of them and the Fairbanks are so nice, it's hard to decide which one of the first look. Many of the films are made in the sequence of great action that are very interesting. In the past part, the story has become very dramatic and terminated in a tense, thrilling battle. Grant has the role of showiest, Fairbanks is the romantic liking, and McLaglen as McChesney, mainly due to her treatment of Gunga Din, is the most unlikeable character, for his elephant elephant. Her ancestors come towards the end of the movie, particularly at the very touching scene, worn the final. Always a gentle and charming actress, Sam Jaffe gives a wonderful performance as Gunga Din, a simple, brave person with a great smile, powerful imagination and high dreams. Without much dialogue, Jaffe conveys the Gunga Din soul magnificently. This is truly the ultimate, massive, ultimate, massive, action-driven, rousing scene, a wonderful music note, and some nice cinemas. Another of this year's remarkable, 1939. Very recommended.
