The movie was shot in Flat Movie, just off Road 395, near Lone Pine, California, north of the Whitney Portails route. You can always get flying in cement and treadmill plastered across the rocks where the layers are built. And you will recognize the area of ​​any film Randolph Scott. <br /> I will not bother with the plot, since I'm sure it's covered elsewhere. The movie stars three athletes - Fairbanks Wire, who must have learned a good deal from his father - Grant, a young acrobat - and MacLaughlin, a professional boxer from South Africa. Physics skills are all on display. <br /> Not a moment in this movie is to be taken seriously. It's about Thuges, a stiffness in India, where our English word "thug." I can not go through all the commemorations of this film but probably should be noted by the director, George Stevens, was a polymath that has a background in Laurel and Hardy movies - seeing her choreography in the battle scene - and she's going to The infinitely long fault of Shane and the Journal of Anne Frank. Dynasty rose and fell. Geologic era occurs, while Liz Taylor and Monty Clift kiss in "a place in the Sun." Here, in his funny fashion, it's excellent. This is a story of male bonds and it would be easy - too easy - it homeroticism in it, as many people do with Howard Hawks. Or hate women. But it's not that at all. Sometimes things that are described on screen do not deserve too much in the way of heuristic attention. Men will form the obligation to work together in a way that women do not. (Women share secret.) It's Deborah Tannen, nobody's an anti-feminist idea. Well, when you think about it, that's what evolution should produce. For most of human history - about nine-tenths of it - hominids were hunters and pickers, and men tend to hunt and women to pick up. Hunting is more effective as a team. Men who were not good at bonds were Darwinianed out, leaving people with a lot of team spirit. And Grant, Fairbanks, and MacLaughlin got it in shades. <br /> <br /> Sorry, passion on evolution but I am an anthropologist and is an occupational disease. Have I ever told you about the horse in Vaitongi, Samoa, which slips over the cement and falls into the pelvis with me? You've got to look at their feet. Joan Fontaine is beautiful, really. Only got to know him in his later years, wondering why he was in many movies. I lived in Saratoga, California, where her sister, Olivia DeHavilland, grew up and went to a covered school. Pretty place. <br /> If you miss this chronicle alive in the British Empahh at its height, you should never forgive yourself. It is so popular that it's parody of the movie Sellers Peter, "The Party." Yes - the colonel knew.
