I would like to give this movie a 10/10, but in my existing state I can only go through 8/10 heads. Post-code correction (read: destroy) in this movie warrant a demerit 2 point. From very limited knowledge of movie history, baby face was apparently one of two movies that finally broke the camel back and brought the full wrath and strengthening the Production Code to play in 1934. (I do not know what the other movie was.) As a result, the film of original incarnation never allowed to be re-released after 1934 It was cut and edited bits, and no original version was known to exist today. The best that we can see today is the version that TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, but this is flagrantly modified in several scenes, and has a really disappointing "happy ending" slapping on the end. All of the above being said, the film is still very darn great and very fun to watch. Barbara Stanwyck is, as always, absolutely amazing and wonderful. It is so beautiful and powerful; he just owns the entire movie! She plays a woman who is used by men of all her life, starting with her father who pimps her from the premises Erie, PA worker as well as local politicians in a quid pro quo in 'if you do not close me 'Speakeasy I'll let you sleep with my daughter'. When the father dies in a fire blast near the beginning of the movie, the smile on Stanwyck's face is priceless. <br /> After the fire, Stanwyck left Erie with her maids and prince in New York City. It is clearly established on a skyscraper and begins literally working its way to the top. Starting with the staff clerk in the HR department, he slept with him to get a position entry level into the bank. From there, he sleeps with man after person after person (including a very young John Wayne) using each new person helping his country a higher job paid on a higher floor of the skyscraper, and particularly powerful men by father dad. Stanwyck stopped at nothing to climb it to the top. It is great fun to see her with her maid of finer clothes and apartment as Stanwyck works her way up the corporate ladder. Stanwyck is the fatal female fatal, manipulated, li-vixen in this flick movie! If you watch this movie, I recommend staying when you see George Brent's character (Courtland Trenholm) dead in Stanwyck's arm. Skip the remaining 3 minutes! The "happy ending" slapped on the end of the film for post-cod hearings is insulted at the hearing intelligence and lame beyond belief: The boarding banks members are sitting around an exposed tablet on Mr. and Millions Don Millions Trenbolian dollar to the bank and how to live handlessly in Erie, and former VP Trenholm now working in the steel mill - cut into the exact same foot of a steel plant that we saw at the start in the movie - "The End". PUH-LEEZE - HOW LAME! The original film ended with George Brent succeeding in his suicide attempt. I think that ending the overall mood of the movie is much better than the post-end slapping slot. <br /> I certainly hope that is a print of the original pre-code version of this movie flick discovered during my permanence (update: The original was found and should be out on DVD and / or TCM in 2006 !). Until then, I'll enjoy the TCM version and change it to the previous host-o post-code.
