This is one of the most daring and important of the so-called "Pre-Code" films that have been made in Hollywood during the 1930s. Unlike some Pre-Code films that occasionally dabbled in topics that would never have been allowed after 1934-5, this movie completely immersed itself in a very petty yet plotting plot from beginning to end. Conventional Morals in the 30s and late 40s were definitely NOT evident in this film, as the movie is essentially about a conventing woman who sleeps its way to the top - and with no exquisite on the road. This "big" both liked sex and used it on everybody who would help him get rich - something you just could never see in the movie made just two or three years later. Barbara Stanwyck works in his father's speakeasy. In addition to her boss, she is also pimping her and encouraging her to sleep with a local government official so that she will allow the illegal bar to operate and impunity. While not specifically clear here, it appears as if Daddy was "renting" her daughter's body out for a long time. <br /> However, after almost being raped and attacking the man by breaking a beer bottle on his skull, Barbara had enough with the great city ruler. It does not hurt that still blew up and kill his father, but he feels that he was whore heading out and nothing to show that he appears to be the one to move. <br /> <br /> Despite the depression, Barbara uses sex to find a job in a large mega-bank. It starts from a nice work menu as a record clerk, but in the space of what seems like just a few weeks, he sleeps his way from one job to another another - until he is sleeping with the head in the bank and his future son-in-law !!! That's all done in tragedy, but Babs does not seem too shocked about the deaths of these two men. In fact, some time later, he is able to insist himself in the life of the new CEO and once again it's on top (maybe in more ways than one). <br /> Now, so far, this is a nice movie because it was so bravest and repetitive. Barbara has played a 100% sociopath - a woman who has no morality and no conscience - just a desire to squeeze as much out of life as she could no matter who it hurt in the process. However, brave writers and producers "chicken out" and thought it is important to sneak on an end upsend. Considering that this woman was so evil and compelling, her heart changes in the end was a great disappointment and strongly detracted in the movie. In many ways, this has reminded me of the end of JEZEBEL - as once again, a cruel person somehow "sees the light" and changes to the conclusion is not-too-convincing. try to look RED RED-TIPS and DOWNSTAIRS. RED-HEADED WOMAN is very much like BABY FACE but features no magical transformation to the end - the leading lady really is a deep down skunk! In DOWNSTAIRS, a film such as RED-HEADED WOMAN, the reverse role of a man (John Gilbert) plays a similar lingering character. Both are classic and somewhat better than this movie. <br /> This film is an amazing cartoon in a short period of often ultra-sleazy Hollywood movie and in this light it's well worth seeing for Cinephiles. Also, fans of the Duke take note - John Wayne plays a very small part of the movie and it's very strange to see a very young Wayne playing as a conventional role.
