The pre-release version of the 1933 "Baby Face" would make an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Mentored by a Nietszchean teacher, Lily Power rose from a lifetime of easily virtuous to his father speakeasy in a swift climb up the corporate ladder in a huge bank. Because each barrier in the ladder is an executive with his brain beneath his belt and his ethic close to the arch, the film has no victims, except Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by an abusive father exploitation. The destructive relationship with her father suggests Lily's motive to hide for using the boys to move without regard to their fate. While Lily is cynical and evident in her approach, the guys are aiming to betray the wife and fiancé in the labor trade for sexual favors. Maybe banking failures in the 1930s have to be less savings than morally corrupt executives distracted by ambitious women. The draw moves fast, and the camera amusingly moves from window to window up the office building facade as Lily rises ever higher. Barbara Stanwyck revelations in hard-biting role, and she's in the head shape here. Feeling does not entrain when it's ready to ride next to haul. Only its confusing African-American, Chico, is getting Lily's affection, trust, and loyalty. In addition, the beautiful beauty of Theresa Harris, who plays Chico, would have had the men throwing their fur and penthouses into it. Stanwyck often appears to overly make-up and stiff hair in comparison to Harris. However, despite Stanwyck's tough trends, obvious tactics, and artificial facials, he managed to leave a trail of scam and seduce men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook, and a young John Wayne. The "baby face" is the 76-minute cut to restore. The release version edited in the shy film turns out to be the hard facts, the longer off being restored and explicit. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under a supposed name, intended a lesson by quoting from Nietszche, whose views on women were controversial. However, despite the Alphonse Ethier's conferences and tips not to be beaten in life, Lily's grab for power and money is likely to be more in education with her father than her teacher advisor. However, philosophy is but a distraction. Short, fast paced, and fun, "baby face" is as contemporary in its morality as "Wall Street." Replacing Gordon Gecko for Nietszche, and Lily was able to declare his leadership philosophy to be "greed is good."
