This one is considered a key pre-code film ?? from the director who later made the biopsy music THE JOLSON TORY (1946), but also the Paranoid Sci-Fi Invasive US (1952)! ?? and features one of Barbara Stanwyck's best roles earlier. <br /> It was supported by a fine cast including popular actors and value character performers of the day ?? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at a point addressing Stanwyck and the titel nimel, from a folk song that is heard at all) in the former category and, in the letter, Robert Barrat (as Stanwyck's father), Donald Cook (as his most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (as senior adviser read more about this later), Arthur Hohl (as a lecherous politician) and Henry Kolker (as chief of the chef and father -in law, which Stanwyck also seduces). Curiosity, the scene that Walter Brennan appears to have been immediately erased in his own demand when the movie runs into trouble with their funnels! <br /> <br /> Abetted by crackling meaning typically hard-boiled dialogue with realist Anton Grot lying, the narrative has unexpected waves of Nietzschean food philosophy at our small town heroine by the intellectual Ethel (Stanwyck complains well early on that it's no "ball of fire" which, of course, his later comedy contradiction directed by Howard Hawks and co-starring Gary Cooper in that name!). Under the trial Stier, it quickly bloom into an essentially belief character determined that nothing can stand in his way to success; The symbolic representation of his high rise in New York farm has it eventually worked and is reminiscent of a similar sardonic a ?? related to the lust of an ambitious politician for power ?? in October Sergei Eisenstein (1927)! Sociologically, it's also interesting that Stanwyck is still watching her sticking out for her black boyfriend / boyfriend. <br /> <br /> The first two-thirds of the movie are simply terrific; First, I found the first few stages of a bit irritating ?? because I was hoping to see Stanwyck get his comeuppance not falling to warm-introduced George Brent's character while ignoring it, but, just like the others, he was soon under his spell! On second look, however, this aspect felt less bust ?? as it is evident that Stanwyck has been affected by the deaths of selfish behaviors he has caused, and that he has been his way to Paris to soften it (though he tries to cling to his rich-earned wealth for as long as he possible). /> <br /> Released on DVD by Warners as part of FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION, the movie featured in two cool edits ... a recently released version of the Pre-Release and Release Release of the Theater Release. Among the substantial cuts in the letter is Stanwyck's life-related dialogue as a tramp from the age of 14 (though he heard of the trailer accompanying!), While many other scenes were shortened (ie monitor for content): The violent vulnerability developed between Stanwyck and Hohl after it has resisted its progress; the seduction of railroad cars; The scene in which Dumbrille marvels with Stanwyck by Cook; The shot, followed by a suicide (only the shots heard in the shorter version); Stanwyck thinks about his conquest while the phonograph is playing (again, only Brent looks at the release release version), etc. Tha letter, then alternate use for some scenes ?? and includes an injection facility in the city that is missing from the longer version; However, we also find an obviously angry-off ending (the pre-release version concludes abruptly on a very effective note) and a letter of conscience that is not convincing sent by Stanford's New Yorker who, basically, has the function to replace all references to Nietzsche!
