"Baby Face" is a pre-melodrama starting a Stanwyck very young Barbara, a well-known George Brent, and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to the city to do good ... or I should say to make time. Papa Stanwyck's pimping it for a reason or another life all of it's dingy, depressed, room Erie, Pennsylvania. After his father dies, a greater father of who knows what he has been through and really cares about his future is advised to go to the big city and take advantage of the opportunity - and not the people easy - and they take the high road to life. (Note that I saw the version censored and not the uncute - that part of the film was redone for the censors.) He and Chico (Harris) went to New York where Lily (nickname: baby figure) decided the way give a lot of sweet and will find it where he wants to go a lot faster. In the most popular movie scenes, the camera moves us up the venture ladder by taking us out to floor flooring as Lily sleeps his way to the top. It finally chores the big man himself and can leave his day work. Problems followed, and it was involved in a great scandal. Stanwyck puts lots of makeup and for most films is cool as a cucumber as it seduces one person after another with no regret, and it's great to play the innocent victim. In one scene, she sat down in a royal ransom of precious stones while wearing a black dress that looks like she decorated with diamonds in the head. Then he asked Chico for another case, and that's full of more jewelry, plus security. All of a day's work. Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could play down or celebrity, and she was a talented singer and dancer as well. Here, she sings or hums the movie theme, "Saint Louis Wife" at all. She has worked in literally dozens of movies and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck, her best work was in the prestodial era. As a bizarre byproduct of the code, the nuts were often given less to make in film after it was put in place. <br /> <br /> Movie Caution can be more sexually blatant and therefore, even if they are 70 + years old, looks more modern. Though these films did not have thermal effects, Baby face learned her lesson - how like her life is after all. There were several windows in this movie, all with the same message. The one I saw was a scene added, but apparently, there were two other windows that did not go through their senses. (There was a rope but was always nonsense.) At any speed, it's a neat surprise. "Baby face" is an important film in movie history - a must see.
