Even if we know how the story ends, this is a flying-in-the-rude movie that plays almost like a political thriller. During the storm's storm we meet Hugo Chavez as a charisma, bigger than the lives of people with an unbelievable connection with the mestizos that make up 80% of the population but are already close to Venezuela's political process and its oil wealth them. It seems as consecrated as they are. He travels to the country in a hustle rhythm, reaching out to the campesinos, addressing large crowds, embracing and kissing ordinary people, accepting letters of rest, and prayers for help. People are excited that one of the numbers made it to the highest office in the country. There is an electric sense of hope and optimism that changes for the better coming in the fareur barrios. But not everyone is happy with the situation. Bloody Castillian Spanish elite is a small minority but has already monitored full wealth with bitterness and resentment. One of the not-so-timely hilarious films is when a Lookerike Ann Coulter, at a resident meeting in an exclusive gated community, complains of the mestizos, "they have no concept of fighting or sacrifice." Minutes later, a speaker said the meeting "beware of your domestic servants - they might be Chavez supporters." Duh! Of course they are. In a late night interview with film crew, Chavez reveals something his soul as he tells his grandfather's story. It can be a sensitive, poetic person, though with an impish, even clown, sense of humor (as we saw when he addressed the UN and calling Bush the devil.) Then the storm began to pick up forces as the organizers Glancing called for a mass protest and cynical manipulating the supporters to change the way in the last minute and walk on the presidential palace, knowing that it is surrounded by supporters of Chavez and violence is inevitable. Another element of the plot collapsed as a snip on three start fire on supporters of Chavez, some of those who fire back. The local equivalent of Fox News shows this fire back and claims that Chavez supporters are massacred protesters. Then the camera pulls back and reveals that no protesters - the street is empty! The protesters took a different route. Needless to say, the footage of the empty street has been edited from private TV stations private anti-Chavez (which has relieved a constant bunch of propaganda called Chavez mentally ill and sexually stoned on Fidel Castro.) Immediately after the coup, we see The leaders and media owners propaganda openly boast about TV on how to manipulate the situation and lack of respect for the lives of supporters and opponents alike. <br /> <br /> The creators continue to be in the heart of this chaotic, rapidly changing situation as the military coup surrounds the palace and threatens its bomb. Chavez eventually sustained to avoid bloodshed, but refuses to resign and is whisked away to an offshore island where a plane is waiting to take it - where? The United States? How can the remaining cabinet members avoid arrests and defeat this heavily armed conspiracy in the zealous right wing and the ultra rich businessmen who are linked to the Bush administration? Watch the movie and find out! <br /> If your only knowledge of Hugo Chavez and Venezuela is from the US media, then you do not know anything. It is not an "uncontrollable tyrant" and not "ruling by decree" - it's so great folk, he was elected and re-elected several times and more than 60% of the vote (something George Bush Junior never achieved) and the devotion it inspired in Venezuelan ordinary people is finally the reason the coup failed. <br /> This is an extraordinary movie about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation. The filmmaker's ability to have been unobtrusive and leaving the story unfolding in the Venezuelan voices of each level from Barrio to the presidential palace, the tumultuous scenes, the chaos and confusion from which a whole coherent result is strained, butter and move. Do not be missed!
