It's really rare that you get a view inside of a media deception that has been so widely reported as "true" officials and holding numerous "news" agencies and pants down. This film, in my view, deserves every price of journalism - its goal (yes!), Courageous and a real "effect". It can be done without comments, false scenes or leading questions - everyone, including Chavez equally gets mad at themselves in their own words. Community "only" kept track of events and kept the rolling cameras. Venezuelan students teach us "How to file a President and sell it as a victory in democracy". It's amazing that they lose the end - so far. From what I know, the largest television station that involves only receiving terrestrial licenses fired, are still broadcast via cable and satellite. I am very skeptical if George W. or Barack Obama should be tolerant after a coup attempt. But then, they do not have to worry. <br /> The fact that "Chavez supporters of innocent civilians" scam was so willing to repeat around the world to reveal just how partial the so-called "free" is established) media really came, or was still, only more so. An important lesson for anyone interested in what "really" goes on in the world. The famous "objectivity" challenge still comes to play when journalists are dazzling oppose the mainstream look, or revealing undesirable facts that accuse "We" - it's true with the atomic bomb effect, US secret history of spreading "democracy" around the world or the Iraq war that, according to Johns Hopkins, has killed 1.3 million Iraquis by now, not to mention the 60,000 affiliates (in 2003) that have never been mentioned. To be objective, Saddam Hussein was less damaging to his people than the US. And the US is ready and wants to have more Iranian damages than it was. <br /> I'm quite curious about the upcoming trial of some Khmer Rouge leaders before the International Court of Hague, if there is any mention of our "participation" in the support and training of the Pol Pot in the 80's , when they were widely beaten by the Vietnamese. Probably not. <br /> All the more reason to turn into the independent media for balance, if not exposed to fraud.
