One of the best documentaries released in recent years. There are some points ... <br /> <br /> 1. Hugo Chavez was elected Venezuela president in 1998, his support largely from the poorest region of Venezuela. In 2002, a new coup broke out in Chavez. At that time, Irish films Kim Bartley and Donnacha O'Briain were in Caracas, firing a documentary about Chavez for British television. The films disintegrate the coup and its consequences, and the history of unfolding on-the-spot history, outside and inside the presidential palace. Chavez aims to liberate Venezuelan in free-market policies imposed by the US. Though Venezuela's oil was already state-owned, she ran for private benefit by executives whom Chavez wanted to replace. Although being the world's fourth largest oil supplier, Venezuela remains ashamed by poverty, its resources are literally seeped away by multinational foreign corporations. The documentary begins by showing Chavez's first year as the first president of the coup. It focuses on its popularity and the poor, and its various policies that prove popular with classmates (educational plans, oil revenue distribution, grass-roots democracy etc.). Chavez was a great advocate of education, and printed thousands of copies of the Venezuelan constitution, encouraging children and adults to study and understand it. When Chavez came to power, he immediately promised to redistribute oil revenues. This, understood, made the oil nervous companies. <br /> 8. A media-war broke out. Six private TV stations are promptly starting to oppose the state-run TV station. Chavez motives, sanitation and sexual orientation were requested. Without media support, the coup would not be successful. The movie makes it clear that the coups are very dependent on the media in distributing information and news that can be readily fabricated. Under the guise of "re-establishing democracy," the opposition closed the state television station, dissolved the National Electoral Council, the Supreme Court, the National Assembly, and took control of the military. Currency interest, supported by the military elite (promoted by US and CIA), hosted a citizens' march on the presidential palace in the coup d'etat. Shooters were shot in support of Chávez, but the private media station has reduced footage so it appears that fire returns have targeted the mass opposition that in fact have been safely disturbed. Police went on a riot shot against Chavez supporters, the more bloodshed in the streets. Chavez, born in prison, refused to resign. Of course, the media / government lied, saying he was resigned, but Chavez's cabinet members communicated the truth to the international community, which eventually received the message back to Venezuela by cable television. The people got up, the return of the president was elected, who only one referendum could have been constitutionally replaced. <br /> 8.9 / 10 - In a little over an hour long, this doc is far too short. But it is an engrossing piece of journalism and deals with a form of "media war" that rarely touches. Make a great companion piece of the "Algiers Battle". <br /> <br /> Worth one look.
