I will review these 2 movies as a whole because I feel like it should be considered, and look. When I talk about 'the movie' I'm talking about part 1 & 2 together when looking at the one after the other, as they should. Thanks to Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh & Benicio Del Toro. br /> <br /> This movie is a refreshing, bold, fearless and true movie. And he heard a new style of filming. No Double Drama. No Swing sound track. By Faux Documentary Style. Just own shots and an attempt to stick to the information. I read Jon Anderson's reading "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" and recently completed the Auto Fidel's biography, and this helped my ability to dump this movie in well. But I must say that it's complete Jon Anderson's, penultimate and wonderful biography that gave this good historical film back to the bones. Anderson was consulted on this movie (or these 2 films). What makes this movie something true is that it is clean. There is no swollen music or slowing-motion photography for increasing drama, and even more important; No fake camera documentation is unstable. Just square shots and straight style to shoot forward. Types of cameras used to make you feel right in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should give full honors for this, I never doubt him as Che in the movie ... not once. She did a great job and I'll respect her for ever. Some people complain that the movie only deals with 2 slices in his life, not all there. But I think this is one of the true beautiful aspects of this movie: it does not try to be everything. It does not try to 'tell the story'. A person's life is too rational to try and say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beautiful in this film, he tries to tempt, and remains focused on the intent to let us find a feeling for CHE, it develops MILITARY DEPARTMENT and forces around it. It focuses on 3 slices of time: the battle over Batista throw, Che's U.N. Speech and Gorilla Preparations in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Motorcycle" has already told her young men, and I applaud S. Soderbergh to focus on other aspects instead. I keep referring to Jon Anderson's book and the movie remains true. The only weak links for me are the (not the performance) filing of Matt Damon. In a film so packed with life performance reality, an American, (Matt Damon) playing a Bolivian is a clunky stretch - it does well, but after much care in the casting, this was a sub-site. Small and fully forgiven. The fact that the rest of the casting gives you, and most notably Benicio Del Toro's amazing work, put this movie to the top of my list. The fact that this movie went almost directly into video says something about how the cold war ethics that would never allow the 'Cuba revolution' to become what it might have, are still in work to keep its history quiet. If not from mumblant clandestine, then from the effects of propaganda assets that have prejudiced the topic. <br /> This is a must see movie, and Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" is a must read if you want to start getting a threat to the early effects on the global head set about the expansion of chess movement international / politics of the 40, 50 & 60 years has put unfair pressure on our South American neighbors, and the effects it encourages.
