Part II or formerly known as GUERILLA, is also a great success, but not as fun as PART I because this is where we start witnessing what could cause the fall and death of Che Guevara. Again, I'm impressed by the cause-and-effect that both parties have in their interconnected history. We are reminded again and again that the lead character, Che Guevara is an Argentinean. Some of the men in Fidel's army did not take orders from a foreigner and now Che was chosen to leave comfort to the continuing revolutionary victory in Bolivia, it does not get much respect to its new and authentic army They are either only because they are aliens. <br /> <br /> As far as techniques go, I think Part II would have been more useful if before anything else, right after the display of the card, it would show some bulkheads from preinstallation just to Refreshing memory of his characters and what he put on doing, making the audience understand why his methods were successful in Cuba but they did not work in Bolivia. It is clear now in this segment that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he faced a bunch of soldiers whose hearts are not completely in it. It is said that the revolutionary ingredient is love .. well, they do not give a damn that much about their land so it's a tough sell. It's excruciatingly painful and difficult for Che to find others to buy in his vision. <br /> I love a particular scene showing Che's deteriorating condition, a scene in which her horse would not go no matter how badly she tried to direct her, and then her temper took the best In him, for a moment, he forgot he was a doctor, and he became the desperate soldier who sewed his own horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to rule. But at the same time, the movie is flying, it depends on little vinos from familiar faces that you will recognize just for the sake of short entertainment, and for the most part, you get hit left and right by one obstacle After another, but perhaps that is the intention of Part II, if so .. then it definitely works. Stand ovation in the movie which gives us a first-person to see at this time at Che's last breath. This film can not answer questions about why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why she was determined to be able to pull her even as likely to have been against her and why she wanted South America to have the same fate as Cuba but the CHE film is a worth saying.
