It surprises me that I actually got the courage to watch the bio cops or flicks "Che: Part 1 & 2". Why? Because if my exile culture parents have never found I had seen this film about the murder of this mass junk in the Cuban revolution, I should sit for life. Hey wait? I'm an adult, they can not be grounded by mass. Director Steven Soderbergh, and newbie Commie (sorry Steven, but I had to take Soder vaccine here) to divide the film into two parts on the revolutionary Ernesto "Che" Guevara. "Che: Part 1" presents how Che in the 1950s met Fidel Castro's team in revolutionary demands to overthrow the Cuban Fulgencio Batista's regime; how we all know it was a revolutionary success for them, but a disaster gigantous guerrilla guerilla guerrilla as it rebelled in communism. "Che: Part 2" featuring Che is trying to revolutionize the T-Shirt industry by launching T-shirts and her bearbado's terrible face of T-Shirt manufacturers. OK, I'm also chatting a lot of crap towards your way! I meant that the 'Che: Part 2' focuses on Che's late 60's trying to bring back the revolution, the time of a Poverty-Bolivi, but with different different outcomes. In fact, Che ended up being was meat meat enchelada when it was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh did not include the time in between between these cases in Che's life when he ordered the jail La Cabana Fortress Prison in Cuba, where he mass murdered many Cubans who opposed communism .. This is where I think Soderbergh executes a Cinematic injustice by not showing the viewers how guevara atrocities really were .. I decided to see "Che" in hopes that Soderbergh would not glamorize him, but instead presented how disturbed it really was. Unfortunately, Soderbergh did not make the letter and sadly decided to introduce Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which he did not .. He was a sick man who thanks now is probably at the bottom of the Satan barrel .. Now I have to have a realtime objectivist and d We admit that Benicio Del Toro's performance as Che was very commander, and worthy of merit. And that Demian Bichir was a haunt-dead as Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance. But the rest of the cast "Che" was primarily comprised of some performances of actors showing guerilla soldiers. And as much as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh threw it into the revolutionary mix of a Spanish-speaking camel performer showing a Bolivian delegate? Soderbergh did not have this biopic feature that is mostly "too much talk and not enough action" within 4 hours and 30 minutes. We've had too much of Che already, even posthumously with these ridiculous shirts, so why give us too much more of it? But I guess when you have Del Toro by the cone (as you did here Steven), I guess it's your saving grace to not fully execute "Che: Part 1 & 2". *** Average
