I came to watch Guerrilla, two of Steven Soderbergh's biopic of Che Guevara, without seeing the movie before and without more than a cursor's knowledge of Che's life. At the same time I was rather afraid that this would be both a heavy-handed story lesson and a love-reputation for the iconic revolutionary. As it turns out, this film far exceeds my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerrilla works considerably well as an autonomous movie. The history of failed failed Che's led to a revolution in Bolivia, then under military rule, is a compelling tragedy. The first initiative was brought by the Incognito to the Chei to bring down guerrilla warfare as harm follows. Chances are stacking up against the revolutionary. US backing for the Bolivian army, hostile status of the jungle, suspected locals and health of Che Weaver are just some of the difficulties that occupy the rebellion in the middle. Soderbergh's Portrait of Che is largely uncritical, but this film has no higriography. The style is refreshingly undramatic, with a subtle and effective band by Alberto Iglesias adding tranquil drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the movie, but there are very few pre-ups in her face, and we encourage them to see people fight with her and sometimes against her too. Where Soderbergh wants to show Cheat virtuals we see it in small episodes like loyal acolyte who breaks down from their fellow wars when demanding Che's leadership, and emphasizes the sacrifices he has made in Cuba again to fight again for revolution. > <br /> The direction of all is superb. Part two feels well edited despite its narrow focus and is able to communicate a great deal of images without the need for a narrator to spell things out for the audience. At the beginning of the film we see a few short clips in the post-revolutionary Cuba prodigious part, immediately furnished us with ideas why Che'd sacrificing his old life to fight again in another country. Later on, the warrior painters are walking in the forefront of independence they mean out as a striking scene and helps them create a feeling of rationality in the work before this small revolutionary band. Problems with the film it is the distance between the viewer and Che, which, though it allows us to appreciate the context of the insurgency and those around it, make it hard for us to understand it as best as someone. True, Benicio Del Toro is completely convinced of the lead role ?? so much so it's hard to remember that you're watching an actor and not the person himself. However, watching Guerrilla as an autonomous film means that we are giving precious little insight into what puts the thought of Che, words and actions. It is expected that this is much more in the rainbow in the first part of the Soderbergh biopic (I can not comment on that yet), and certainly the force of two parts will make me look forward to seeing the prequel.
