I sat in both parties at last night, back to back with a short rest break, and I can not remember when 4 hours last past so quickly. I would have had psyche myself up for a week in advance because I have a real 'thing' about director, producer and editor who keeps blowing on, spice spice long in front of us and i feel that over the whole 2 The 2.5 hour is about right for a movie. So 4 hours seemed to be stretching the boundaries of my tolerance and I was very dubious about the entire enterprise. But I'll say this upfront is a pretty good ?? Can I say with love? make the movie and I'm really happy I've seen it. Director Steven Soderbergh is to be congratulated on the clear vision. Scene of battle zing as if you were dodging the bullets yourself. <br /> If someone on the planet does not know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was the Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Fulgencio Batista across the Cuban revolution in 1959. When I was a kid in the 1960s , the image was everywhere; on wall posters, on t shirts, on cover of magazines. Che's image has to be one of the most used to exploit ever. If the famous images are to be counted on, then Che was a very good looking guy, the romantic revolutionary exemplar. Had she been ugly, I must ask if she would have been quite so popular in the public imagination? Of course, young ones help them. <br /> <br /> The movies were made on Che's first (notably the excellent Motorbike journeys in 2004 that featured the negatively Gael Garcia Bernal as Negro Che, South American plantation and saw the endemic poverty that formed its Marxis policy but I do not think anyone ever tackled the whole story from the beginning to end, and this two-party is an ambitious project. I hope it pays for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that success Instant commercial can not be higher in itself. <br /> <br /> The first movie (Silver) shows Che Castro meeting in Mexico and follows the Cuba travels to the revolution and then the trip to New York In 1964, the United States's maladjusted black and white shoots, such as the film, are not yet the second film (Guerilla) again in 1966 when the arrival of Bolivia begins with a new revolutionary movement.The second film takes place almost entirely in jungle As far as I can see it was shot mostly in Spain but I can always k to see it must have been quite thinning film. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, a party it seems designed to play. Personally, I felt that the Argentine (meaning a party) was easier to watch and more 'fun' in the movie strictly meaning, because it is optimistic. They have; The revolution will succeed. Che is in its element that leads a disparate band of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is more difficult to watch because of the inevitability of his defeat. In much the same way that the past Valkyrie - while being a good movie - was an exercise in witnessing heroic failures, so I felt the same on the part of Che (Guerilla). We know at the beginning that he died, we know he fails. It is frustrating because it is the way to tell the story, obviously early justice about that fomentation of the Bolivian revolution ends; Che is considered an alien intruder and neglected to connect with indigenous peoples in the way he did with the Cubans. It doggedly persisted that it was frustrating to watch because I felt he should know when to give up and move on to another, perhaps more successful, enterprise. The film does not romanticize it too much. He killed people, he did, struggled with his asthma and followed a long-term cause after he had to give up and move and left a wife alone bringing up five children without father. <br /> But in general, an excellent exercise in making classic film. A note; As I watched the US train the Bolivian soldiers to move into en masse to choose from Che and her small group of warriors one by one, she reminded me of the final Butch Cassidy. I almost came back to my husband, saying that, but hesitating, thinking he would get such thoughts as trite and out of place. As we left the theater he turned to me, saying, "Do not you think the end was like Butch Cassidy ????????????!"
