The fourth of five western man Anthony made with James Stewart, this one involves a difficult hard cow called Jeff Webster who took an animal drive from Wyoming to Alaska, via Seattle. He hooks in Seattle and its partners Ben Tatum (Walter Brennan) and Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) that he sent ahead of time in order to prepare for the boat trip northward. But first, he set up with insult trails, capturing Captain Riverboat and the charms of Coy, manipulative Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman) who believes that Jeff could be a valuable ally of the future. That's why he hides him from the ship while the Captain is looking for him to kill the sooner (and justifiably) in a trail but. Jeff also had the misfortune in the run of sleazy Judge Gannon (John McIntire) running the town of Skagway, Alaska. Gannon locks Jeff up to disrupt his public hanging by running his animals in town. It was fine Jeff the owner of her cow and Jeff just had to eat cock for the time being. In the meantime, Jeff agrees to raise points for Ronda up to Dawson in order to deliver supplies. But this is just a ruse for Jeff, Ben and Rube can slip back to Skagway and steal his animals back. Of course judge Gannon finds out about it and it's straight behind, but is delayed by Jeff and a rifle while Ben race animals on the Canadian border are coming from Gannon. <br /> After avoiding an avalanche and another shooting with some Skagway others, they eventually arrive at Dawson where Jeff sells her animals to the highest bidder, which just happens to Ronda who then promptly lay a new gambling home in Dawson. Jeff then took his money and bought himself a claim and began to swing for gold. But then Judge Gannon came up to Dawson to get in on the gold stock up, and told Jeff that he got a little bored with Skagway and wants to try his luck up in the Klondike, head li. This involves bringing weapons to hire with him and forcibly robbing some of Miner's claims to the other. Jeff and Ben now feel it's time to clear out while going good, leaving Rube to fend for himself as a most effective sheriff against Gannon and his gang. <br /> They look for a way back out only to find themselves ambushed by Gannon's men because Ben made the mistake of opening his big mouth. Ben is killed with Jeff severely injured, but this does not save Gannon's judge just. The shooting ends at night on the mud Dawson Street is pretty much taken care of. First Jeff killed two of Gannon's best weapons (Jack Elam and Robert Wilkie). When Ronda comes to warn Jeff that Gannon tries to slip in behind him, Gannon shoots him in the back and dies the same in Jeff's arms. Then Jeff killed Gannon as he was hiding under a wooden sidewalk. Revenge spoke. <br /> This is another western rip-roaring that's right up there and the NAKED Spur and the man of LARAMIE. Why the Universal DVD uses a pan-and-scan copy instead of the Tidescreen Theme printing used, is beyond me. You will wind up missing the beautiful half Alberta cinematography by William Daniels. So, if you love well writing 50s west, then this one in a A-list keeper. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
