Many comments I've read reveal that most people tend to love Part One better than Part Two. I feel exactly the opposite. Part One played a bit of a lot and trying to find different ways of displaying Che Guevara's personality in different types of stock movie, different places, and cutting back and forth between an interview with the Cuban revolution. For the most part it was structured finely but somewhat distracted. At Part Two, Che went into Bolivia, and along with changing geographical locations, the rules and structures changed. Gone are jumping in spacial and switching between actions, "realistically documenting" and treating them. Instead, now we are literally trapped with Che in a desaturated, depopulated landscape where only the people exist are burdening too far with their lives for nothing but survival to be an option. I'm positive that it's the dark turn of Che's life that is the real reason why most people prefer Part One to Part Two. Changes in geographic location also mean, for me at least, that Che: Part One and Che: Second Parties, in fact, the second acts of a three acts structure begins by motorcycle journeys. Motorcycle Newspaper is the coming-of-age (or more appropriate, coming-of-the-che) Che in Argentina, Che: One party is his military leader in Cuba, and Che: Part Two is falling in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (we're missing his experience in Guatamala, and, most importantly, my post-Cuban post-revolutionary posture revolution), but to create a very detailed exploration of the controversial aspects of his character and nature as symbols worldwide. It both symbolizes the idealism and the need for armed resistance for asthma, and revolutionary weaknesses in the whole world after World War III World Third and prevent them from activities such as, um, the CIAs are confused. <br /> But again, all that is projected on screen in this case is not in long stage of dialogue and speech, but in a more intimate, painful portrait of Che at the end of her filth and her life. Once again, the rules have changed, and in this case it is hard to say if there was any chance of success at all. The number of times the camera shows people literally trapped between a rock and a hard and desaturated place, the incredible time taken to involve the audience of the narrative of those who are imprisoned in a hostile landscape, an existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs finally end up taking second level of despair of people who are starving to death. It's just not easy in a movie to look, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
