After directly in the place where the story leaves at a second half, lying down on the inevitable falls and many more side caches in the man's legacy are exactly as follows. In direct contrast to the first feature, two parts represent a change from Che's pride and glory to a revolutionary country, Che ?? Liberal difficulty in a country where it has no previous link. Change in the environment is not just aesthetic; From the autumn and spring to spring in the woodlands there is a change in tone and heart of the feature, replacing the optimism of the predecessor with a cynical, battery and melee reality aligned with a whole new struggle. But as Che would go on to say to herself ?? As a best struggle said exactly as a struggle. While Part One certainly helped document the initial wave of power that the revolutionary guerrilla acquired in just that, Part Two takes a finest, graceful and weak segment of Che's life and ambition, and gives it a assertive portfolio that is both intensively and tragically in a tangible, easy to grasp ways. <br /> While the film's tone of some concerts is lost and differs quite drastically in Yen Part, however, there are still stays that even approached to documenting taking a month ago to prevent melodrama and fabrication as much as possible. That's a bit far, cold approaches telling Che's story and struggles will no doubt turn some viewers out; indeed, I still remain reserved about whether the feature itself should have been called after one person ?? If anything, the whole of Che, takes as a whole, delivers a story that goes beyond biography only, rather a man's writings along with people who helped bring it along the way. Does not mean that Soderbergh tries to paint a humanitarian port here in the analogue that Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago (excuse the ironic contrast); Che is a slow moving, reserved and meditative approach to telling a story lesson that just comes by one person? Celebrate everything. <br /> But do not move from the lush green landscape to Cuba and retreating from the weak series, rot in Bolivia for Part Two, the story inevitably takes on a clear contrast sound that does not feel too desperate from its predecessor , but it's enough to give it its own reference point. Here, the basic structure of Part One echo returns ... there's the first struggle, the fights, the fellowships fell and the recruitment of those who replaced them, all while we see some glimpses in the man behind the move. But as anyone has the wave idea of ​​the current story behind the feature will know, Part Two is destined to end on a more overwhelming, and sad score. This difference, in combination with the similarities of Part One, is a compelling and memorable whole; By all means, both can dig one's own (and Soderbergh kudos to succeed as such) and enjoy their way, but take as a statement, Che delivers exactly what it sets out to achieve. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Indeed, everything that made Part One the treat that it was a month before is still evident here from the subtle yet rude performances from the central cast of the building slow down, construction scenes realistic ?? The drama inherent to the characters on screen is similar to wave and inevitable, but with a feature like this, Part Two once again proves that avoiding these elements does not necessarily hurt a movie when there is enough draw and reflection on other elements keep the viewer engaged. In fact, when I wrote this review, I had a chance if I did not add a paragraph or two of my initial review for Part I, and headline the review as a whole, but I felt that they would Must serve only decolently of those who can sit and watch the whole of both films. <br /> With that said, I can not just determine whether Che caught up to the task of engaging an audience for its four-four four more exits, but on both segments I can at least attest each part's ability do just that. With a reflexive, intricate scenario combined with infinitely fascinating photography and performance nuances that make the movie's character unrealistic attention to themselves, Che Part De is every bit as compelling and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic but uplifting, reaffirming fit for fitness movie pages. <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
