Part Two select ... by the last movie left. As part of Steven Soderbergh's quasi-conventionality season 4 + hours, the story of the Che is said to be the classic "Up" and "Fall" storyline. In Part Two, Che Guevara, left her post as a bureaucrat in Cuba and after a failed attempt in the Congo (only to mention in the movie), went down to Bolivia to try and start another style revolution in the jungle. Things do not go well as well planned, in all, probably because of the Che's then notoriously high as a Communist and revolutionary, and in part because of America's involvement on the side of the Bolivian government, and, of course, That Castro was not really around as a back-up for Che. <br /> <br /> As it goes, the second part of Che is sad, but in some ways is wiser than the first part. What makes sense, as Guevara held moral strength in his hand, the betrayal of those around him, constant mistakes by grunts and peasants nearby, and finally got into the largest military force. But what's sad still is that Guevara, no matter what, will not give in. One can see this as an incredible force or a fatal defect - maybe also- but it's also clear how one starts to see che , if not entirely more completely rounded, then as something of a more sympathetic character. True, he was killed, and executed, and felt justified all the way. But it begins to work on the viewer in essence at a primal level of mercy; The sequence where Guevara's health gets worse without medication, leading up to the shocking shocking of a horse, marks as one of the most memorable and satisfying of any movie this year. <br /> <br /> Again, Soderbergh's order of narrative is strong, though, on occasion, a little sluggish (understood due to the great running time), with one or two scenes just to feel totally odd (Matt Damon?) , but these are minor liabilities. Going this time to approach the right color camera, this is almost like a milisia-style war picture, said a great deal of care for the men in the group, as well as Guevara as Lord-of-this group , and how things go down to the final stage. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of its game, in each scene, each beat know this guy for the best and for the worst-it comes as close to the achievement as possible. In general, the parties of Che make up an impressive package: history as the compelling style drama, good for a hearing even if they do not know Che or, better, if they do not think very much in it. It's that special. 8.5 / 10
