Ironically, the most-talked American film in the New York movie 2008 is 98% in Spanish. The extra-long film conflict began at the Cannes Festival. There was love-hatred sympathy, and considerable skepticism about commercial candidates. As the star Comic, Benicio Del Toro, received the Actor Best Award. I'm talking about Che 'Steven Soderbergh's, of course. That's the name it will not be in this version, shown in New York as in Cannes in the 2-hour segment plus without opening title or end credit. 'Che' is certainly inappropriate since Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in almost every stage. Del Toro is impressive, hanging in the thick and thin reliability, from day to victory in glorious power in part one to month of humiliating defeat in part, appealing to simpatico in all his varied manifestations, even disguised as a bald Graying sneaked in Bolivia. It's a terrific performance; One wants to have a better environment. <br /> If you are patient enough to sit in more than four hours, with an intermediate between the two sections, there are rewards. There's an authentic feel at all - Fortunately Soderbergh made the Spanish film decision (though some of the actors, oddly enough in the English segments, specifically, are wooden). You get a good plan of what guerrilla warfare, Che style, was like: the teaching, recruitment of campesinos, morality, discipline, difficulties, and the fight - as well as the gradual Che mor's being from the full- fly military leaders. Using a new 9-pound 35 mm-quality RED "digital high performance Cine camera" that just became available in time for filters allowed DP Peter Andrews and his crew to produce images that are somewhat cold, but at times always sing, and they are always sharp and smooth. The film is in two parts - Soderbergh is calling them "movie," and the plan is the commercial ones like these. The first is 'Argentine,' describing Che's leadership in forests and battle cities that has led to the fall of Havana in late 50, and the second is 'Guerrilla,' and Che's concern has failed almost a decade later in Bolivia's leading a revolution, a fruit mission that led to capturing Guevara and execution in 1967. The second part was the original film and was first written, and, I think, was shot first. Producer Laura Bickford says that two parts are more of a thriller, while one party is more of a movie action and great battle scenes. Yes, but both parties have a lot of common - too much - since both have spent a great part of their time following the warriors of rough countries. Guerrilla's unjustified downhill since the Bolivian riots ended since the beginning. Cuban groups who tried to bring it did not get a friendly reception from the Bolivian campesinos, who suspected the aliens, and thought of the Cuban Communists as dean violence. There is a third party, a type of black and white interval celebrated up in Che's speech at the United Nations in 1964 and interviewing him at that time, but that is interrupted in the first segment. The first part also had Fidel and considerably more optimistic, leading to victory in Santa Clara in 1959 that led to the fall of the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in Cuba. <br /> While 'Guerilla' I kept thinking that this could indeed work as a quality European-style miniseries, which could begin with a shortened version of 'Walter Salles's Diary Master' and go to take us to Guevara's fateful meeting with Fidel of Mexico and investment in the 26th of July Movement. Could be more on its extensive travel and diplomatic missions. This is far from a complete picture of the man, his child's interest in chess, his entire life's interest in poetry, the books he wrote; His international fame only touched on. And what about its harsh, cruel side? Really what Soderbergh is most interested in is not Che, but revolution, and guerrilla warfare. Long-lasting impressions that the 4 + hours left are slogging in woods and forests and injuries to male and female patients and dedicating idealistic to a cause at the end of the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned that Terrence Malick's red tin line was reminded, and yes, the courage, similar battles approach; but the 'Thin Red Line' has stronger characters (hardly anybody appears overwhelmed Che), and it is a really good movie. This is an impressive effort but end up with ill-suffering. This 8-year-jamone, works great in love of love (how much more the Ocean must come to pay for it?) It's a worthwhile project, too long for a regular theater released and too short for a minister. Radical correction - or greater expansion - would make it to something that is most successful, and as it is a long-term slogan, especially in the second half. <br /> It's clear that this sloging could have been trimmed down, though it's not so clear which form the resulting film could have taken - but with a little bit of chance it might have been quite a good one.
