Now, admittedly, I do not have any students in the genre. As a matter of fact, I have been continually shy away from Westerns because, in spite of all critical criticisms as America's main story (or whatever), they seem to me forever devolve in the rejection of either "shoot up" Injuns, "" the big gunfight, "or" Hey, let's form a posse! "In other words, he always seems to me a genre so rooted and tied to the convention, that he leaves precious little room for surprise or originality. (And yes, I've seen at least some of the so-called "big", and unapologetically corrupted in this negative assessment - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, Darling Clementine, and of infamous [but profoundly mat] Clint Eastwood's -Sergio Leone teamups in the '60s.) But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of a commemorative Jimmy Stewart weekend about her death - I finally GOT IT: I understand, at least in theory, what the Western mythos offered as a serious thematic concentration (aside from just action and emotions). It is push-pull between lawlessness and order; The West Indian represents freedom, but also the prospect of the wild, unlimited. Popular respect can be wound out. Which, of course, means that perhaps - just perhaps - it was not meant for respectable people, and that the only residents should be the amorous and narrow, those who dispense fairly prohibited from the barrel of the revolvers, and where kill or would kill ever is the law of the country. In such a setting, of course, the true heroes are the ones that are ornery and free-dynamically enough to be out of place in the first place (and thus reject "society," at least as it manifests itself on the eastern coastline) And yet there is enough sense of justice to believe that a society based on disorder and fear is just RIGHT. Grabbing and examining the difference between laws and illnesses in the KARAKTOR CHARACTERISTICS is, I believe (after seeing this movie), the highest and the highest goals in any Western. Unfortunately, it is so often not the case, as the white hats are completely white, the black people completely black (and let's not even begin to talk about the Indians, ok) and there are precious shades of gray in between. /> <br /> Not in this one. Jimmy Stewart plays a blatant futuro hunter who follows his previous trail in the wilderness of the Alaska prospect for gold. He is joined to this by his lifelong friends, played by Walter Brennan (maybe the Western character character at the end of all - but nevertheless enjoyable here, as always) - and no one else. Well, they come out for themselves, and while Stewart shows his patent charm (coming up, we can never really grip the guy, now can we?), We doubt and he is fundamentally a clean self-centered, interested character: none of his "gosh" or "oh golly gee" humanists are allowed to come in. Or, rather, it has to be busy, at the end of the photo, in the manner described above. It must confront the anarchy itself, and press it against the need for orders and justice that are so blatantly lacking in the border town that serves as the beginning of the miners on the dusty dust trails. This city has been ruled by Courageous Sperm, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "bad guys" performances I've ever seen. It comes with many charms and humor, and has such a relaxed and exciting recipe with Stewart, that it actually takes a moment to recognize that he * is * the bad guy - so that when he finally sinks off, he does with double strength. Further, by establishing a type of breeze (if necessarily guarded) comrades between McIntire and Stewart, the movie plays up the notion of how close to the temperament they really are - and so how far a moratorium Stewart must walk at the end of the movie I'm not will go through all the twists and turns the capture - see for yourself (as well as the rugged and gorgeous Alaska scenery - filmed aside, yourself, not cheap painting stills that the studio made up) . What key here is how many stories focus on characters, and great dialogue and character interaction replace for many weapons in the time - although the movie has just enough action and adventure to prevent it from being static : "talky"). Definitely one of the greatest performances I saw from Stewart, showing that she could play the renegade, "man's man" as compelling as the decent guy and upright. If anything, in fact, its kind "entirely" lends greater strength to its characterization, making it seem less mythical or block - like, say, Eastwood or John Wayne - and more a three-dimensional person. His relationship with Brennan is well-defined: understated, but nevertheless touching (with a tough suggestion of George and Lenny from the "Mouse and Men" - a different kind of "west"). Certainly there are more west to see, but this is for my favorite now, and the yardstick by which I will necessarily judge all the others. It deserves to be better known and appreciated than it is.
