From the filmmakers who brought us Mars into the Penguins, I guess that came up with great expectations for the Fox and the child. From the harsh winters of the South Pole to the lush desert in France, the narrative now becomes part of documentary and party fairy tale, which tells of the friendship between the two titular characters, Renard the fox and his friendship with the child who is baptized, played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. The story of frankly quite simple, and at times this film would have many films like Japanese-child-diverse animals striking a friendship after the development of confidence, and how to go about hanging around each other, dealing with respective opponents the love. Here, the child meets the elegant fox near his house up in the mountains, giving so many beautiful photo-postcard perfect shots that a cinematographer will have to enter overdrive capture. But while we appreciate the wistful scenery, the characters do not get established that the level of confidence comes from the onset, and we have to wait a few hours past, and 45 minutes into the movie, before they get a leveler of food. The persistent child tries to hit a bond with the goal of taming the animal for his own entertainment, but the fox, well, like other notions of course. While I thought the narrative was very weak, unlike the mass of the Penguins who had narrated the person's interpretation of what is happening on the screen, what excelled here were the documentary elements of the film, plot the life and times in the fox as both a predator, and an animal. <br /> <br /> Between two, more tension and drama were given to the latter, especially when faced with traditional enemies such as wolves, and accorded, these sequences were fairly intense especially when the child got impeded in it. Otherwise, it was plain to surf and quite a do as the two are going on to play with each other, in shots that you know they have undergone some magic movie editing. There were amazing moments in the film that were not really quite suitable for kids, as in the same room attesting it by slow down the eyes suddenly, so parents, you might want to take notes and do not let kids Your small bothers to the rest of the movie gamers. <br /> As a movie, I would prefer this to be a complete documentary for the massive Penguins, but I guess the way it was worthwhile, probably had the goal of warning not to interfere with nature, and that some Things are just not meant to be, and they should remain as such. Decent films that rely on the chemistry of chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau, and multiple foxes played by Renard.
