The FOX and the child are the latest film from the Frenchman Luc Jacquet's penguin filmmaker. The film, which is very just one human of its cast, young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of the rather unusual relationship, though seemingly credible between a child and a wild fox. nature documentary, and fairy tale party, the film focuses on L'enfant, the child, who on his way to school one day comes along the way to a wild fox in a picturesque setting, perhaps France, though The exact location is never mentioned. The next few weeks the child reviews the place where he found fox hoping that one of the days he will see says fox, who he starts calling Lily, once again. So it goes on. Day goes on weekends, and then the summer disappears, turns off and then winter, promises some superb movies of sweats, flowers in winter. Eventually, spring comes around again, and the kid finds its fox, and indeed strikes up a friendship with the animal. So on. <br /> I had little no wait for the FOX and the child. I saw MARCH in the penguins and was simply in the movie-awe of that movie. Luc Jacquet is a hugely talented, well-known film-maker, and I expect some superb, enchanting movies, sweeping perspectives and brilliant footprints of the wildlife. This was delivered by shovels. But here Jacquet has a credit screening screen, and does not know anything about the movie before screening, I expect something a little different than what has already been seen in 'March'. A fictional story. <br /> <br /> The child and the fox And the story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely young man lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and goes to school, looks like his own, everyday, seemingly without a care in a seemingly perfect world. Without the hint of an adult in sight. Brilliant. So he hit up a friendship with a fox. <br /> With a movie like this, you must reject your own opinion of the movie and put us in the shoes of the target audience. This is a film directed directly to children of the age, I'd say, six and up. Or give families a fancy trip to the cinema and cross them one Sunday afternoon. Not a 31-year-old man who kicks him out of films like the latest, WANTED's brilliant and the likes. But I was the Newbie London critic, I put myself in the shoes of an exciting eight year old girl for the 95's or so the minute of the FOX and the child. Now I have a few problems with this movie. As a 31-year-old boy, and loyal lover of everything cinemas, I liked wildlife photography and landscape. It's visually stunning. The direction of the brilliant characters is executed - as good as you will find on any of Attenborough's efforts. As an impressive impression, short spanning eight years old, I loved about the first half hour - then I lost interest. It is a little repetitive and well-fed and peaceful for a younger child, particularly end up in rather dark. As a 31-year-old boy - I was a little scared of place. Wise. <br /> So it's not a movie. It's not really an adult movie and I felt a bit down. Is it a good family movie. Depending. It's perhaps education, and the movie brings a message. It's definitely not a movie I'd pay hard to earn the green to see and I racking my brain to try and recommend it to a certain kind of movie visitor. It's hard, but I know some will go see and fall in love this movie. It's very European feel and certainly if you're a fan of wild themed flicks, give it a try. No? Well I would wait for the DVD for a Sunday afternoon at that time. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
