I really wanted to like this movie and I do not think I was terribly disappointed. Being a US History teacher, I felt an obligation, almost, to see this movie and as far as the story goes, it was not bad. Make sure you have a few errors here and there (especially with the timeline - the movie only appears the last a few months or maybe a year - no more than six years in current battle), but the overall spirit of the movie and The sequence sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also includes a very meaningless subplot that involves a hard to believe romance between a poor patriot and a wealthy loyalist. For the most part, it really serves to distract from the overall scheme and just seemed to "sneak over" - like a tracing device instead of a real honest-to-kindness romance. In fact, as many of the romance boil down into the dumb cliché of "love in front sight", it was kind of annoying the more I think about it. <br /> However, in spite of this romance, the movie is really interesting and inspiring --- more, in many ways it seems as if the movie later, the PATRIOT, was copied this Griffith movie !!! Both films follow the explosions of an evil leader fighting for the British and using tactical and evil tactics against civilians - and both intend to secretly use this as a "springboard" to begin THE OWN COUNTRIES OF AMERICA !!! The only big difference is that this film is placed in the North and the Patriot was in the Carolinas. It is certain they would be good if Mel Gibson and the rest have recognized the debts of D. W. Griffith for the story ideas. It just does not seem all possible that the two stories are created independently of each other. <br /> PS - Although I'm merely this movie and some of Griffith's films, it does merit once again "burn in Hell" for having White Actress show all the blacks in the movie ! This is something sick and bigoted that Griffith has done in many of its films - especially in a Nation. I have to assume that based on this and the way it shows the blacks that it was A-OK and slavery and was quite the apologist for this "picturesque institution" (do not get angry at me - that's to say as sarcastic).
