I waited until July 4 to write this because. . . well. . . because it just feels right to be done on that day. <br /> In 1924 D.W. Griffith needed a hit, he did not have a big one since ORPHANS in the STORM (1921). He has been working steadily since then, but his movies have been smaller in size and have failed to hit the right code and audience. He planned a movie about Patrick Henry when he was contacted by a daughter of the American Revolution (DAR) who asked if he could expand his ideas into moreover the American Revolution. This film is the result. Since she's finished she has a 14 story reel lesson and did not have Patrick Henry's track anywhere. <br /> We all know the story of the Revolutionary War but Griffith threw into a love story and Patriot Nathan Hamilton (Neil Hamilton) fell in love with Tory Aristocrat Nancy Montague (Carol Dempster, a leading lady for Griffith for many years). Completing their affairs is the fact that Nancy's father hated Nathan. . . not just Nathan, he hates all the rebels. It does not help matters when, during a street skating in Lexington a person jostles Nathan's arm causing him to discharge his weapon and accidentally injuring Nancy's father! Paralleling the love story is (especially true, but partially decorated) the story of Captain Walter Butler (Lionel Barrymore) a British renegade officer who feels he must be loyal to none. With thousands of Indians to form six nations on his side he hopes to break their colonial and become monarch of his own empire. <br /> <br /> Comparison with LEVEL A Nation (1915) is inevitable. The family Montague might just as well be the Cameron from the movie earlier while Nathan could be a part of the Stoneman family. The sequel to the Battle of Bunker Hill is a very scenic scene similar to a scene from the FOUND of a nation and the army attacked, in this case the Redcoats, storms a charismatic patriot. The only thing missing is Henry Walthall Charged Through Land Nobody in the stuff of a flag in the muzzle in a cannon. The amazingly scarce battle scene in America seems to miss the energy of the battle scene at BIRTH and fail to draw the audience to something is clearly missing. It's not scope, G.W. Bitzer's "Billy" camera works is quite good. Perhaps what is missing is. . . dare I say it. . . sincerity? <br /> <br /> The brutality of Capt. Butler and his men are quite insistent although many of these things happen in long shot or screens. Do not expect any chefs to be cut off as close to our intolerance (1916). In a second Butler stage in command, Captain Hare (Louis Wolhiem) spears the eyes of a prisoner colonizing. We only see the beginning of the deed, so the rest of the camera focuses on Hare's face as it obviously has a good time to do that. Lionel worked with Griffith over and over since 1912. A story goes that he approached Griffith for working with D.W., knowing the reputation of his famous family, said "I'm not betting step actors." in which Lionel replied "And I have nothing of the sort, sir!" He does a very good and very wicked man. Louis Wolhiem appeared with Lionel's older brother three times; in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE (both 1920) and later in the TEMPEST (1927). As Captain Hare his wild eyes and clutter hair not only marks him as a wicked but makes you think he is quite angry too. Neil Hamilton later noticed that America was the first time on horseback and "I was scared of death." He hides his annoyance very well though and we can believe he was equally good at the time shooting happened. Mr. Griffith was very much in love with Carol Dempster and at a point asking her to marry her. He declined and soon left his stock company, after which his statue gradually diminished. <br /> <br /> Speaking of horses, a casually funny time that must be unscripted came during the ride at Paul Revere's ride. He riding his horse up in front of the porch of a family announcing "in arms! The guards are coming!" but as he tries to let the horse can not negotiate the steps back and stumble to reverse his rider on the ground! I surprised Griffith did not make another take. <br /> So is America a classic? WI! Do not wait until July 4 to see it, it's fun at any time.
