Young beautiful Eva (Hedy Lamarr) married an older man (Zvonimir Rogoz). Unfortunately it can not satisfy it sexually and ignore it. Frustrated she went home and she plans to make a divorce. Then one day, it's thin soaked in a lake in the middle of the woods. Her horse chaps off with her clothes ... and she runs after him! He meets young and beautiful Adam (Aribert Mog). They make love and realize this is the man he wants. <br /> <br /> ENDING SPOILER !!!! Of course, since this was done in 1933, it must be punished for its sin so it leads to a tragic final. MAKE IMPORTANT INFORMATION !!!! Those are fears of 1933 but it's very tame by today's standards. The Naked Light Lamarr shows nothing and runs after the totally naked horse, it either shows the extreme long shot or covered by branches with these. There are only a few minor shots in her breasts. Also, when she has sex with Mog, nothing shows but her face, but you see she achieves an orgasm. These scenes were considered extremely extreme in the days and were cut off completely from the American release. Now, today they will be back in. This movie would get by with an easy PG-13 now. <br /> <br /> Shock episode on this place is just OK. It is very well filmed and there is no dialogue next. Except for the music note this could be a silent picture. The odds of all the actors are good - Lamarr and Mog especially and they're so attractive that they just take your breath away. Also the sequence of love is easy one of the most beautiful shot and acting sequences I've ever seen in a movie. The scenes and the sexual symbolism (there are some of them) are unfortunately very obvious today. I actually started to giggle for one! <br /> So great direction, nice imagery, attractive actors, good acting all around - but I was not exactly thrown on it. I found the slow-moving film (nice imagery by making a picture for me), a bit dull, obvious, static and had a negative end. I can live with the finish but it does not excuse the other issues I have with it. Also the final sequence is really weird - and out of place. So I admire this movie more than anything else. It was well done and I would recommend it but with caution. Many people seem to love this movie for me in the minority. Use your own judgment.
