In 1930, Europe got quite a shock when 'Luis Age Dor' Luis Bunuel was released, causing a riot in Paris when they checked, causing it to ban for something like forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe got on the trauma, it was once again turning to his ear and 'Ecstasy', a symphony (of kind) in love. The film played a young, incredible German actor named Hedwig Kiesler, who later renamed his name to Hedy Lamarr, when he moved to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, as Eva, a young bride who just married a cold, far husband's love (played by Emil Frank), only to discover that he made a big mistake. A divorce later, Eva is footloose & free fancy & is out one day, thinly dipped in a lake, discovering Adam, a beautiful, young engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who takes a real fancy to her (and he, l '). After a wild night of passion, Eva's former husband turned once again, hoping to win Eva back, only to find him now having a rival. I will not spoil what transpired. Director of Czech, Gustav Machaty (who led the original screen version of 'Mrs. X', another parable of romantic mania) directed from a scenario by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, from the novel by Robert Horky. The film's velvet movie (which reminds me of the front photographer frontman, Man Ray's photo of the era, which goes for some impressions of light & shade, many) is by Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich. The film's corrupt film is by Antonin Zelenka & film art direction, which goes for a lush, almost Art Deco look, not Bohumil Hes). If I have any competitor on this movie, it's the music note, by Giuseppe Becce, who goes for a head, melodramatic feel of it that gets old fast (certain terms are repeated on & over again, put out it's welcome, fast-style like some of David Lean on the use of certain musical terms, especially in 'Lawrence of Arabia', and 'Dr.Zhivago'). A few years back, a brand new restored print made up of the best source material, paved together from various European imagery that exists available, restoring it to possibly possibly the closest version of what it originally was similar to the Vatican condemned as "decadent" (yes, right ... like the Church never did anything wrong), and Hayes's office cut it off loop, when it finally released in the USA in 1936, to a "Hayes Office" approved off (similarly). Reduce the minimum German with English subtitles (it is meant to be a mostly visual experience). Not rated, but there's this sad naked scene tanned by Hedy Lamarr (doing nicely, yourself) and some suggestions of sexual content (similar) that would just receive it a rating PG-13, nowadays. Worth a look if you have any interest in early European cinema, or front guard / experimental cinema
