I can not comment on this movie without discussing its meaning personally. As a bad child, my child has been preventing me from going to a movie. I first met movies at the end of the WWII in Roger Manvilles penguin "Movie" puppet, which made me very fond of how health I started to improve that I wish I could buy another copy of her rehearsal today. My introduction to many classic films such as the Potemkin turkey, Drifters (Grierson's handsome documentary), Metropolis, the Cabinet of Dr Caligari, and Ecstasy; came first in this book and later at my University Art-Home Cinema. Ecstasy spent the anger of the Vatican, condemning Eva's appointment in Emil, his subsequent divorce, and the short swim he took in the scrub, but Roger Manville ignored the trivial things and discussed the movie as a triumphant, very beautiful, visual love pace - a view echoed by many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw her, I want to focus. No more opportunities to see ecstasy rise until the introduction of home video - by then it became a treasure memory not to be disturbed. Recently, I recently added ecstasy to my home video collection and found this superficial evaluation. Ecstasy is more of a parable of the continuity of human existence, against which human life is insignificant - maybe a tribute to Bernard Shaw's writing aggressive agnostic use of the term 'Lifeforce'. <br /> <br /> Ecstasy shows a young married couple getting married a man whose age is encouraging sex is not stronger. Worried, she returned home and divorce her. Soon after he experienced a strong mutual attraction of a young man, he also met horseback riding. She makes love for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience. Her former husband can not face rejection and gives the young man a lift up his car to the idea that a train passes through both a crossroads. But the train stops in time and the driver will apparently be taken to the rest of a nearby hotel where he later committed suicide by firing himself. After this exciting climacteric sequence, a bizarre, predictable and almost inevitable ending highlights that human life also shows both happiness and tragedy, life together will continue to bring us all forward to its stream and only to contribute to currents This we can really be happy. This story is trite, the act is no more than adequate; and virtually such a movie would disappear into the trash, as did most of its contemporaries, long ago. What gave Ecstasy its classic status is exceptional cinematography, a continuous lyrical point and much loving direction, coupled with something grievous but in cinematographic terms is very important - it appeared just after the introduction of sound and was probably planned as a silent film. He is sub-titled and Director has exploited the impact of verbal brief sequences accompanying some sub-titles, and sometimes breaking into the note which so lovingly carries the movie forward. This makes it not only almost unique but very rewarding to look. The parable of the story is stressed continuously, but so subtly that only when reflected after viewing one becomes fully aware of it. For example, the names - Eva and Adam; obsessive behavior in Emil on his wedding night showing that the triviata became the most important thing in his life and predicts suicide eventually since he has no proper reason to sustain his academic success; The series of beautiful sequel series shows erotic imagery (a bee pollinating a flower, a key entering a set, a collar broken during the virgin Eve Eve sequence and Adam, etc.); and the latest post-suicidal sequences that could have been filmed in many different ways, but are used to make the person's contribution to doing some of the work that contributes positively to society, as well as creating new life to sustain this society's success we end up passing. <br /> As a movie 1933 I would miss this in 9 - even compare it with contemporary work I would not reduce this below 8. For me the movie will still be a "must see", (although you can feeling that my remarks on my background above indicate some bias in this trial). Unfortunately in North America, contemporary evaluations of this film were distorted by the 1930's extreme reaction to Hude Kiesler's very short and relatively imported show that he had difficulty staying in Hollywood (some critics, who were clearly not see the classic films as Hypocrites, Hula, Return to God's Land, Bird of Paradise or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille, even the undergarment referred to this as the first appearance of a nude actress in a feature film). This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the film would have been very little different if the Director had chosen to rewrite it. First of all, this is a check-up film, released in 1933. His final message on hard work that generates positive benefits for society must have seemed pretty superficial for its viewers when a few years later their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression It was virtually destroyed for at least two generations (I do not remember the sequences that were tested after the war when I first saw this movie - they were removed from the copy I had seen then?). Secondly for my main message today is that things of real beauty are often very transitory even if the memories can stay with one for a lifetime. We should all be grateful that today some of them can be captured on camera and seen again at our convenience.
