First, let's find the "hoopla" out of the way.Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful of women and movies being a perfect way for many to see her beauty on screen. Here we have Hedy as a cool young - made 20 year old speaks of her native native. I recently bought a 1990 humming version of this classic 1932 / 3.It we see a brief close up of Hedy doing from the waiter up but although he filmed swim & saved naked saves horses, director of Gustav Machaty used Cover in the branches, reflection of puddles, mediums and short time to show him so in this famous scene; So do not go out there to have any lascivious lock or clinches.Her companion, Pierre Nay keeps her clothes at all times.Ye, fairly daring for her days, but how her ancestor looks now at the eyes of 2003. <br /> <As other reviews have been stated, this film should look for expression of expressionism, and allegorical it's done with photos of the water drop forming a slice on the surface of a pile of water, firm cars, landscapes etc. . Sweet strings sounding run for most of the "Extase" length and the movie has a "feel" of a silent transition and sounds in its direction and concept. The account is very minimalist and economical to the story being mostly transferred to the medium of facial and body gestures and just a few words in German spoken by the actors and subtitles in English under. Even those seem to seem almost superflous to the general lyrical vein that runs in the movie. <br /> <br /> Wearing very simple this is the story of a young girl whilst marrying an older man (why we have never been told and what did Eva see in her anyway?), who Then trapped in an exclusive wedding and loveless.The then return to his father leaving her husband and father lying to his son in law.After a ride on his horse Eve decided to take a swim in the scrub and loads her clothes on her horse's horse.While her horse gets her romantic notions and galloped off greet her stablemate.Hedy from the naked lake and try to restore her hill, but an engineer at work see and retrieve the horse then looks around for her owner.So the romance is designed.Here husband sees that his rival must have Eva, later decided to shoot himself but I thought this was rather the logic and the main weakness he brings to himself his previous relationship with Eva. Despite being a 1990 reissue title on VHS, the sound of being 70 years old is a bit soft and with background crackles, in line with the movie its age.After a period of sadness our lovely companion obviously is so in love with Eva she imagined it as a mom and a baby so we have to assume they live happily ever after. Just let the image wash over you and disrupt yourself in the style of films even in late late The 1930's. This is a lyrical piece that can be ooyed for its own sake and not only for its eye capturing eyes. I gave it 7/10.
