(No need to remind the plot, since others have done so.) It's understood that many viewers find fault with the movie, raised as we are with the slam-bang sensitive of Cineplex experience today. Against this background, a film like Ecstasy appears to have been wandering from another planet. I think there are several reasons why. <br /> <br /> The most important, the movie unfolds poetically, as the cameras cling slowly to surrounding hills, trees, clouds, etc., provide a sense and lyrical sense of a natural world that integrates man and the woman to fold it. Together they reveal a nearly complete virtually unmistakable style of today's technology-driven cinema, where rapid-fire corrections work out to focus attention and not focus on it. In addition, the story is targeted by eyes and not by ears, and almost no dialogue explains what is happening. These proceeds from another extreme departure from very literal fares today, where visuals only seem to count when they are motivating the audience. But maybe the most disturbing - the film is sometimes quiet forever, not in the sense that silent films are quiet since we expect them to be. But in the sense that the characters rarely speak when we expect them. So, the load of the shared story between the movie-maker and the viewer is. The former must select his visual artfully so as to convey the narrative, while the latter must reflect on those visuals, since they will not be explained. None <br /> <br /> None of this is belittle movie today -making. It's simply point out that a movie like the Machaty comes from a very different aesthetic from one of us today. I do not claim either to be any better or worse. However, I claim that Ecstasy represents a seriously lacking perspective of film-going experience today, where these 'dynamic values ​​are regularly postponed as slow and boring. The film itself is no masterpiece, though at times it reaches artistic height, as in the well-composed beer scene with its latest technical injection reveals the exquisite table below. The gardens of the country and its celebration of panteism in life, nature, and regeneration are also surprised to express. These are types of scenes that do not cover you, but instead - give half a chance - accumulate slowly to a memorable experience in its own way as the spine-tingling variety of a "jaw". <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the film is sometimes heavy-handed, such as Machaty's batteries on the imagery, particularly in the final, ne-to-work sequences. It is hard to know what to do in this rather rather disruptive presence. Perhaps the symbolism was made with the heroic dimension that hard work holds for heroes of love-bathing and people in general - a theme then being promoted by the influential Soviet cinema. Still, his presence here is rather tediously over-done. <br /> <br /> Regardless of that, I've been admitted that I tuned at first to see Hedy LaMarr's gorgeous look at the scrub. But now, I must admit that in the process I also got a lot more than just a fast-a-boo look at the woods.
