Ecstasy (1933) (USA 1940) Starring Hedy Lamarr (as Hedy Kiesler) The first glimpse of the world of 19-year-old Hedy Lamarr came in the early days of the 1930's treasured as it sweeps across the screen of an angel wedding gown. This is to be started in a legendary career. This is our glorious introduction of the most beautiful women ever favor of the silver screen. <br /> It is Eve wedding Eve (Lamarr) and her older husband looks uninteresting in his romantic adventures. She retreated into bed in solitaire and, in a beautiful scene, she fiddles with her wedding ring as the realization of her marriage mistakes to overcome her. The husband looks more interested in cleanliness and order than he does in love. Gustav Machaty uses gorgeous camera angles and shotgun shot primarily to take Lamarr's considerable talent and beauty. With no words spoken in the early part of the film, it is able to understand our liking, our heart and our support. It is the combination that prepares the 1930's audience for what they see about how the movie is unfolding. 'Ecstasy' was considered shocking for his time ... Some thought it would be scandalous. <br /> He returns home to his father's estate, and records for divorce. The next day, she wakes up with a complete sense of freedom and happiness. She just went out and felt the freedom of the country and cool air. Eva goes for a ride ride and is going through a lovely lake. And in one of the most popular movie scenes scenes, Hedy Lamarr became the first to ever appear nude in a bigger movie. His craze in the woods and his thin-dipped adventure in the lake was scandalous. But the audiences could not stay away. Like many of today's movies, the conflict made it a must-see movie. <br /> <br /> Adventure Irritant Adventure Introduces it to a beautiful young man who helps him get his horse, which runs with his clothes. After a left meeting, they eventually fall for each other. His romantic appointments were almost as controversial as the naked scene, with its blatant wave of eroticism. However, Machaty does fine work in these romantic moments. Machaty created a delightful moment, when Eva literally seems to leak into his new lover, using a gorgeous camera camera early. <br /> It can not be overstated how brave this performance was on the part of the Lamarr. Many might have assumed he was suicide career. Instead, he became famous throughout the world and kept Louis B Mayer's eye, who signed it in a deal with MGM. There are some really erotic moments in this movie, even by today's raunchy standards. It is impossible to imagine how they got in the 1930s. Again, Machaty was very clever and his imagery, leaving a lot of imagination. But we all understand very well what we see and it is very well done. <br /> <br /> The meeting of Eva's ex-husband and current lover is perhaps inevitable. However, the consequences of these meetings are not. The film takes a few unexpected turns into its final act and it all makes for a great story with a first nice on the grand stage of movie star for Hedy Lamarr. <br /> I highly recommend this once controversial, now movie film and encourage you to seek it out of form to restore it to DVD. It's easy to refresh, if only for fun to see Hedy Lamarr. But the story is also compelling and the direction is ahead of its time. 'Ecstasy' is a memorable treasure early. <br /> <br /> www.tccandler.com - Test TC TC Candler !!!
