I can understand how fans of Roman Polanski movies could love this movie - and I could understand how some could totally hate it (Ebert was one of those who could not understand why people were not running out in the theater). After a first look, I'm not sure I could fall into either category, however as someone who can not get enough of Kafka and the funny dark humor of the Paranoid Tener is effective enough for its running time. Or perhaps not- this is one of those cases where he might have been more of a mastery if he had an hourly twilight episode Twilight Zone, and Serling delivering the coda as Terkovsky (or whatever he might (?)) Writhes in his dressing bed. It's very similar in the treatment of the protagonist to finish as repulsion was, however it might have been argued that there was more ambiguity, more in a sense of surrealism comes from a sustained support of characters and places (and, quite frankly , a better performance lead) than the tenant. As it stands, the tenant has an interesting site, the kind that someone can not say about others: Polanski is a Polish emigrant in Paris who takes an apartment that was most recently acquired by Simone Choule, who is flying in Death near her from the window and died afterwards. But the other tenants are conservative in the max in terms of noise; After a Saturday night in the Terkovsky with a few friends, there are too many noise complaints. It will not happen again, good-natured tenants but a little nervous Polanski say, but there is no peace even in moving a cabinet or chair. Soon complaints get registered against another tenant, but from him? Can he file a complaint? This is a case by many identity identities but in there have been a lack of peace in mind and himself and those surrounding them. As the spiral below, Polanski ratchets raise tension (and, dare to say, black-comedy laughs) does not show Terkovsky in the midst of a terrible dream - one of Polanski's most scenic scenes from the period- and to get the tooth to the wall Not to mention the toilet along the way (which, I would add, is still a cynical lench-comb in horror and surreal madness). But somehow, the movie never really feels all that significant aside from its too much design as a would-be-f *** machine, and Terkovsky's tenants only seem to be similar For a while: there's not as much suspicion when they find that they really are not out to get it, making the paranoia more independent. At least once or twice I thought myself as well 'why Polanski took the title role for himself?' It's not that he's at all a bad actor, and has appeared in several films and plays that is not in the direction of his own self. But in places being large in looking left and tense, as in the church, or at the moment it's sort of flipping out when they think they really are out to get him to kill himself, his transformation is Less creepy than tongue-in-cheek, a test in itself to see if it can pull it off, which it does not totally do. Although Polanski working in her well looked like Terkovsky's meek and frazzled, I could see at least a few other actors who can pull it off with more subtlety and affecting personality. Since one sees him in drag, he goes between worthy stand and true camp, particularly when he goes for double-highest point in the end (which, of course, is in little surprise). But there is fun for the movie-buff and Polanski fans to see the cast in support to try and dig through the more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do the best, as they have the strain limited characters), and unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani are getting hot and heavy during a movie Bruce Lee, or when it comes to really drinking, or in one single random scene where he hits a kid near a fountain, they prefer the glossy and in themselves. It's a very good movie, and one that might be my stick's attention when over crowded coffees after midnight. But an essential movie? Not exactly.
