One thing I'm sure everyone who saw this film will agree on is that it is very creepy. The other films of Polanski's official trilogy are also crawling, but they are all different in what makes them creepy, but they are all roughly dealing with the same thing they all face with the idea. Definitely the people are very creepy, each of them kicks down my spine that makes me incapable to sit still. Once again, if you've seen the other films mentioned, I'm sure you'll find this very crap, because you start to expect typical Polanski features that you think you've kept on, it is aware of this and will keep melee you with simple things, personally every time Trelkovsky would slowly turn around I would spit my head for a jump, maybe that's just me, but he felt intending to do that, though he was well Subtle, no build in the music at those moments was very good, especially those from Polanski of course, the other characters in the movie have not all this time much of the outshine lead. Polanski really proves herself as an all-round movie maker, she can not only direct and write big movie, but she can actually act too. I do not think there is any other best person who could have pulled into the Trelkovsky character, Polanski stay right on in perfectly. I like to see the director's movie too apart from the main cast, so I really really emphasize the fantastic and talented fantastic, which I respect so much. <br /> One thing I did not like about this movie is how it did in English. For those who do not know, this is a French film, American funded, and as well as making it more commercial success it was mostly done in English. There are parts that it is very obvious to have doubly, and I do not know why it is, but 3/4 in the time when there is a dub to find the complete person to do the dub. There is a woman in the film when she says she obviously is a dub, but she got the most annoying people to make the voice-on, it was badly pain in my ears to hear her, she had stronger voices The higher high I've heard in a while, it almost seemed to be false, but I do not see what the point was, it was a rather small character. I honestly would prefer if they just left her as she was filmed, part of it in French and part of it in English, because the dubbing of this movie was a pain and was not near (two completely different films, I know) high standard of another movie that has done something similar, that was, the good, the bad and the ugly. I realize it's not a big problem, just when you realize it, it gets annoying, but I'm sure you will not sit there long trying to lip it these actually say, regardless of whether you know French. /> <br /> What's so great about Polanski is that he'll let you think you know him, that you know his style, which in some aspects you do, but really, you can not see what behind that corner a. This film is a lot more open to interpretation than the other films mentioned, which I think really boost this one in particular. I personally feel this is the best of the three, I'm not sure who comes next, but they are all relatively close to the levels of greatness. The finish is fantastic, it's so easy to fall on it for a long time to come and get nowhere. I choose not to think so much about it, just have my personal opinion and leave it at that. <br /> I was rambled over, and I did not really give any insight on what makes this movie so great, I do not think, so I'll quickly make it here. If you liked to repel and / or baby the rosemary, I guarantee you will enjoy this movie to say the least. For those who are unfortunate to see either then I recommend you check out this movie if you are looking for something that is quite a creepy movie that is quite intelligent, particularly at the end, as well as if you are looking for something which deals with the mind, paranoid even, though that is best equipped with reluctance.
