Here is the example of a movie that was not well received when it was done, but stopping seems to be increasing in time. The 'tenant' is quite an interesting job by Polanski, one of the first in the European exile. It is set in Paris, with the many films of the other city exiles, its streets, the Seine and especially the building where the action takes place plays an important role. It's just that Polanski chooses his principal character not to be an American (as in 'Frantic' for example) but a Paul, as his head was when going west. There is actually a lot of personal books in this film, made of what was to be a time of crisis in the life of the director, and the fact that he decided to play the lead role (and to make it masterfully) can also be seen as some types of fatigue. <br /> It's a circular story. The hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in old Parisian building, staying in what seems to be first a well-rounded team of old neighbors or just ridiculous. The previous tenant attempted to commit suicide by jumping from the windows to the flat, and Trelkovsky has just time to visit him in the hospital before dying and meeting his friends young and beautiful Stella (an original Isabelle Adjani show His role after the Truffaut 'L'histoire de Adele H.'). Soon the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, it's a plot to make him crazy, or make it into the life and role of the dead girl. He fights, tries to run, enters the game and ends by entering the circle and slowly gets it. The circle is closed. <br /> It's not the most credible story we could see or hear, but the force of the movie does not live in the story, but in the details of the psychology, to the slow degradation of the mental state of the hero, in the regular balance game between reality and arrogance. At a certain extent it is not happening on the screen that matters, but how this happens, reminds the classic 'knife in the water' has done more than a decade before, at the end of the Polish period Polanski. There are so many details that they never explain, but then this is how mystery films are to be and this is actually how life is sometimes. The spirit of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details of the last part of the film are not too well executed with the English speaking dialogues (the movie made in English) almost neutralize the overall atmosphere. However, waiting for the punch scene is something worth the patience. It's not the best movie that Polanski did, but there are many good parts, it shows the hand and the style of the director, and it was an important milestone in the building of his career.
