At this film opened back in 1976, legend has that he met with massive jerk and disdain --- it was widely considered a failure. I clearly note that Ebert gave her a star and she allegedly slaughtered in camp. <br /> <br /> Apparently these people did not understand the movie, which is not that difficult to understand since it's very esoteric, black, and layered in the way that always surprised me. Reading in many of the comments here I get (even after about 7-8 look over the years) many elements of the movie I have already glossed on. But even without understanding the psychological background of the story, it's still a crackdown ... even if you just take the escalating and persecution paranoid beyond the Polanski's title character as a wave of tsunami over the course of it in time run time. <br /> <br /> Examining the source material --- an excellent novella by novelist Roland Topor novelist - discovering more intriguing layers. Trekovsky Polanski is a milquetoast in the highest order. Even though it seems first to be yet another mild soul every day, a gradually realized he is one of those who seem to fly float into life, leaving it directed to him. It seems to have some strong feelings about his love and dislikes. She finds herself gently pushing this way with that, but never seems to get too bent out of shape regardless. This wave of crazy-crazy-ness is more apparent in the novel than the movie, but there are suggestions in it early in the movie too. <br /> Have a play for the apartment of a woman, one Mademoiselle Choule, who is in the hospital recovering from a recent suicide attempt, appears to be the most daring thing he has tried (even effectively hacking down the cost of the deposit at the bargain). He soon finds, however, that he pays for his "good thing" in more ways than he cares, as he finds himself in the center of maelstrom created by a full building of neurotic, control phenomena Fickness tenderness of the same slightest sign of human life, as a trace of the night or a knock at the door. <br /> Instead of taking a stand though, Trelkovsky has become increasingly alienated by the situation, with excess paranoia and a sense of persecution. She gets obsessed with Choule, imagining herself to be like her, dress like her, etc. as her own personality quickly starts wiping away her own crazy insanity. <br /> If anyone ever doubted the fearless Polanski as an artist, they should be well-advised to see this movie. Her black trademark humor is great (and sometimes anbarrassingly) in display here and --- God bless her --- she makes herself the butt of it. It is a journey of strength performance in one of the richest, riskiest, most gothic movies ever performed. What more people do not see is a true crime.
