I'm a very old, old enough dude to remember the taste of Oreos and Coke as they were 50-55 years ago, when every taste for a kid was cool. I wish I had somehow put some aside then some magic lockers stopped, so that I was able to fight things today. This magic locker might even have adjusted the fabric of the food to account for as I was drifted, physically and otherwise, a sort of dynamic chemistry of expectations. Over half the century, should be adjusted quite a bit, because you see I would know that I put aside. Eating one now should be a celebration of self and past, history, and essence that would almost make the years to intervene an anticipated reward. <br /> <br /> I did not have enough sense to do that with Coke original. And I could not have invented one of those psychic logic psychic ?? not then. But I did something almost as good. In the seventies, I really tuned to Roman Polanski. It was a strange and exotic fun ?? Do you know, movie movies from the Soviet Union. This is so sensitive to beauty that you cry for weeks later. Movies that make you want to live with Polish women, one, and then decide that they might be the last to get it. <br /> Here's what I did. I took what I knew would be my favorite Polanski movie and put it aside. I did not watch it. I deferred until I thought I would be big enough to deserve it. Over the years, I would test myself, my ability to surround beauty and detail it without care. There are probably some poles that worked in this, practicing they deserve Chopin. Work to deserve women when I see it. Try to get the inners on the edges. Recently, I realized something like assurance that it was time to pull out this. I already know that I have already spent time at that time would work optimally, because I have already seen and understood "9th gate." If you do not know it, it's about a man who innocently rented a room where the previous tenant (whom the story was called) was flying out of the window and died later after this visit (played by Polanski). What is happening is the time to curl and she gets this woman. We're fooled to believe he's just mad. But the way we follow it, it's not. It simply has brightness that the world is normal, and that those who surround them are not part of a deal that manages his reality. <br /> The story hardly matters. What matters is how Polandini forms this thing, both in its way of handling the eye that only makes the edges and lives of the body that only consists of confused body. Two never encounter. There is a dissonance that can haunt me for the next 30 years. Does it mind on and inside with an outside with no edges at all? at all except a red wig. <br /> I know of any other person who could do this, this plot remains a plot, this horror is left natural. This engineering, you must know one of the greatest movies ever made; "Behind Windows." This film engineering is the post-no-notion that the camera forms the world; which the viewer creates the story. What Roman does is this movie and it turns it inside out. In the back of the window, the idea was that the screen viewer (Jimmy Stewart) dug the ink and everything else was fiction, woven as we watched. Here, on the dweller's apartment screen is the movie theater. We know that. We know that everything we see is true because it is the narrator. We know it's true that body changes identity, which changes times, that causality is plastic. We know that the narrator will kill us. We know that the narrator will let you in a horror at all times, on which corner he's imputes but never shows us and allows us to imagine. <br /> <br /> Ted's Assessment - 4 of 3: Each kindergarten should experience this.
