After his classic movie Noir homage Chinatown Roman Polanski returned to the terms that gave him his greatest hit in the 60s and this psychological creepy horror that, like Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby, deals with the paranoia and claustrophobia products not living in the apartment. > <br /> Claustrophobic settings are the ones that Polanski are best in creating, and this has to be the most disturbed photo and jail they've ever created. The embankment on the side walls and the points disappear far greater than ever, and even in small amounts of exterior sky is rarely glimpsed. But the tenant is not only prisoners of space, but also of the intensity with which it focuses on its protagonist. Trelkovsky, played by Polanski himself is not only in every scene, he is in virtually every shot. When it is not on the screen more often than not the camera gets Trelkovsky's point of view. And of course almost everywhere he looks like his own reflection sets him back in a mirror. <br /> I can not think of any movie that is more about the internalization and solitude of a character. Some psychologically psychological, such as M or Peeping Tom, manipulate us to feel sorry for the mental protagonist. Others, such as Psiko, try in-depth scientific analysis of her mental condition. The tenant fits into both of these categories ?? It simply dips us completely inside Trelkovsky experience without asking us to actually understand or appreciate what's going on inside of itself. We feel the paranoia and mania even though it is constantly revealing us that they are irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski was also a master of the horror movie unfolding unfolding. Often in his horror there is an ambiguity as if there is actually nothing disaster going on, but they are among the most effective in scary audience. Why? Precisely because they unfold so slowly and invested a lot of time in rural setting up the situation that plunges the viewer into paranoia. A lot of horrors Polanski Terror, the ninth gate is a bit of a draw-wise disorder, but at least it still manages to achieve this creeping drag in fear. This is a rare chance to see Polanski himself in a big role. His talent before the camera was as good as behind it, and it is absolutely perfect as Trelkovsky despises. Another outstanding performance is that of all-too-often neglected Shelley Winters as the concierge. In actual fact it is rather a stellar cast, although many of the familiar faces look out of place in this unusual, Gothic movie of Europe. Also very sad of the French actors to support their role atrociously armed in the English version. The tenant is more polite and less firefighter than repelling, but it lacks the suspense and the character that makes Rosemary's baby so angrossing and entertaining. The tenant is good, with no major flaws, and Polanski was really in the form of a principal, but not in the middle of his most attractive work.
