Anthony Mann's Westerns and Jimmy Stewart are slowly gaining for this director a position with John Ford and Hawks Hawks as the best film director of that genre. She certainly knows how to give beautiful scenery to Guy Stewart - in the Man's movie there is a Jimmy corner that slowly demonstrates the audience. In WINCHESTER '73 he was the relationship of his brother Stewart and how he twists him in a face of revenge. Here he is a "I trust only myself" attitude, which leads to one complication after another. Even before the movie got started it (like Jeff Webster) killed two of her employee cowboys who helped on a Seattle animal drive because of some disputes (we never were clear about it - either wanted to let the animal drive, or they tried to steal the animals). <br /> She meets her match at Skagway, the port she has to get to in order to take her animals to Dawson. Skagway's boss is a so-called man named Gannon (John McIntyre) who recalls one of the real boss of Skagway in Jefferson's "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that both Smith and Bean would have come up as well as sleazy as Gannon puts all the opportunities in a chance to make some money. Stewart's cattle cut off a public hanging - so (as a fine penalty) the cattle are confiscated (to be sold later for Gannon's profit). <br /> <br /> Stewart is partner with Ben (Walter Brennan - who is oddly enough to have won his Oscar last Judge Roy Bean). They also joined Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and also met the Rhonda Castle (Ruth Women) and Renee Vallon's sophisticated women (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda worked closely with Gannon, but he helped Jeff earlier to run the authorities in Seattle. However, it has a similar way to "just trust myself" Jeff's attitude. He offered his work to find himself Dawson. He, Ben, and Rube go, but at night (while others are asleep) they go back and steal back the animals. Renee follows and warns Gannon and his associates. Jeff kept Gannon long enough for the animals to carry on the Canadian border, although Gannon shows that since Jeff has returned to the way Skagway Gannon can wait until he hangs it. The party gathered in Rhonda and Jeff split on the trail to Dawson, Jeff chooses for a longer and safer route. After proving their rights, they went on his way and reached Dawson only to find there is a vicious element that threatens the community due to their golden gardens. Cow is sold for Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube, and Renee begin prospecting. There are two groups in Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wants to build a decent city. But the mountains will not set up a station in Dawson for months. The other, centered on the "dancehall" run by Rhonda, is in cahoots and Gannon who has a vast claim skip using gang of gunslingers (Robert J. Wilke - really scared in one sequence with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam, and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to steer clear of both, and head with his new wealth and Ben for a hips they want in Utah. But will they get there? And will Jeff stay neutral? <br /> <br /> Performance is dandy here, including Stewart as a man who wants to face every corner, but would otherwise be peaceful enough. Brennan is playing one of his old patent partners, whose love in good coffee has unexpectedly bad results. Flips is a drink at first, but tragedy and responsibility shakes it in a better frame of mind - and someone who has a badly stubborn stewart chance in the heart using Stewart's own words on it. McIntyre would realize the TV show in WAGON TRAIN replacing Ward Bond, but his work in Man's film shows his ability as a cruel (such as his post office opportunism to come from WINCHESTER '73). It is, as was said elsewhere on this thread, really sleazy - but it has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mix of opportunism with people, whose fate is determined by his best feelings. And Calvert is both a voice of conscience and a border "Gigi" knowing that she is more than a young girl but a budding woman. Best of all is the Canadian Rockies background - as wonderful in its way as used in Monument Valley by John Ford. One certainly did a first-rate live movie directive, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
