Roman Polanski is considered one of the most important directors of our time, such as the classic back-up like "Baby Rosemary" and "Chinatown". Probably what makes Polanski's movies one very interesting is the fact that while it is able to create attractive movie films like the leaders mentioned earlier, it is also fond of making low-key movies that have a more personal nature. "The Tenant," or "The Tenant," is one of these movies; a horror / suspense story about paranoia and mania that is among its best works and probably among the best movie ever made. <br /> <br /> Polanski himself plays Telkovsky, a young man looking for an apartment in France. When she finally finds one, she discovers that she is empty because the previous tenant, Simone Choule, tries to kill herself by jumping out of the window. After Simone died of injuries, Trelkovsky began to obsess with him, to point out that he was killed by the rest of the tenants of the building. <br /> While sharing the same sentiments of claustrophobic other "her apartment-themed films" ("Rosemary's baby's" reproduction & "), this film focuses on the rare scheme that can or can not be entirely at the top of the Trelkovsky , the paranoid catastrophic effect has on itself, and the scarred mani has been with the previous tenant. <br /> <br /> The Trelkovsky down to the darkness is perfectly par Polanski. While in its first performance it seems odd and Wooden, slowly one finds that Polanski acts this way because Trelkovsky means to be acted so, as a simpler who has almost no life, who traps himself in this sub-world maddening happens to be inhabited by a collection of rare people. With the actors supporting really giving life to the people in the building creating memorable characters th are very important for the success of the movie. <br /> Also, the movie beautiful Polanski employee of the film helps increase the feeling of insulation, and gives life to the beautiful building that serves as cage for Trelkovsky. Nen Polanski used to convey the feeling of confusion and madness are in a supernatural beauty which are both scary and attractive. <br /> If a flaw is found in the movie, it's definitely a bit slow at first. This can sound like a turn-off, but in fact the slow pace of the beginning works perfectly as it reproduces the boring Trelkovsky's own life and how gradually it enters a different domain. Also, the complicated scenario is definitely not an easy one to understand due to the many complexes it has. However, more than one flaw, it is a joy to face a thought-provoking scheme like this one. <br /> While the "Tenant" may not be for everyone, people who are interested in psychological horrors and surreal history lines will be delighted with the experience. "Le Locataire" is really one of the Polish rulers. 10/10
