This is especially a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Women). It takes a straightforward instant Jeff at a brief encounter on the deck of the Skagway steamer, and a look again when he hides in his cabin while authorities seek him on a charge of murder. They are found to have some common property besides an animal attraction. Neither trusts a member of the opposite sex, apparently because both have been married to spouses who have cheated on them. Gradually, they learn to trust one another, as they travel from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda clearly has transactions closed with Gannon sheriff corrupt and engaged in some shady practices in his Castle Castle at Skagway. It eventually decided between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a young French naive woman also takes an immediate immediate Jeff, but only becomes insulin brush company in return. But he sticks to her on his journey from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Together with Ronda, her nurse returned to health after Jeff left to die by Gannon Gannon in his gold claim. Walter Brennan, like Ben, serves as Jeff's sidekick. It does not have a violent role, but it serves to soften Jeff's hard edges. His loss symbolically opened the door for a woman companion replacement for Jeff. John McIntire (as Sheriff Gannon) does probably the most charismatic charisma boss you'll ever see on film, shocking oozing and humor going along with his intimidation. Obviously, she sees something of herself in Jeff, repeatedly declaring that she will love her. He made a credible incarnation of Smith Smith's sadness, which lasted its last years at Skagway, as one of the prime minister in his time. Jeff is the whole anti-excellence, a solitaire (except for Ben Ben), who does not want to stick his neck out for others, even knowing he's one of the rights people for the job. In this respect, it looks like Burt Lancaster's character "Vera Cruz", for example. So, Jeff does not just turn the work of Marshal in Dawson, he is convinced to leave Dawson after Gannon's gang movement with intent intentions of taking all legal legal claims to everyone, while threw into minor and suggests that The rest makes a hurry from Dawson. Even Ronda suggests that he and Jeff make an exit from Dawson while they are still alive. Then Jeff had a sudden change in heart, apparently still needed to retire for the shooting of Ben and his head. It's the anti-hero hero's change leading to the expulsion of Gannon's gang from Dawson. In this respect, it's different from Lancaster's character, which never reforms (but Jeff really changed, or just handed out revenge for the wrong to commit to his own interests?) <br /> The main problem I saw with The draw is the principle of women 2. Clearly, Ronda is groomed as the right woman tasted Jeff. Although it is clearly characterized as a "bad" girl, Jeff had a last-minute stream of herself, having shot at least 5 men in the U.S. or Yukon, and stole her animals back from Gannon . Ironically, soon after Jeff shifted to anti-hero heroes, Rhonda made a similar change in running the street to warn Jeff at Gannon's next ambush. He died as a result and Jeff wondered why he did not just look out for himself (belief supposedly just abandoned it!). It is clear that Corine Calvert, as Renee, just does not make a credible substitute for the Dead Ronda, Jeff's head. But the apparent implication of the separate scene is that they get together, though Jeff is never visible to kiss him or embrace. His image as a good, if naive, young woman is somewhat compromised by his work in Rhonda's room in burying the dusty gold dust, pushing the dirt down on the floor and retrieve it later. I am also very clear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a minor who follows her around and works with a claim with her. (It is not his father). Another problem is the armed touch of the gun battle between the gangs Jeff and Gannon. If Gannon had any skill at all with a pistol, he would have killed or seriously injured Jeff under this boardwalk, before Jeff did the same to him. And how does Jeff's seriously shoot up right hand suddenly become quite enough to shoot a pistol and apparent ease? I also ask what Jeff and friends have done to help save the victims. They were too far to pull out alive under the snow. And why were not most of Ronda's horses and miles also buried by the avalanche? <br /> You will see a host of figures probably appointed, but familiar to the miners and Gannon gangs. Sequences to shoot at Canadian Rockies provide a grandiose range of action. All-in-all, a very fun west, and most of the major flaws in the end. No doubt, this film takes some great freedom and history and geography, especially the party taking place in the Canadian Yukon, which was in fact very angry over the US Skagway.
