Extremity is the disturbing screen version, yet fixed in a play by William Mastriosimone (which fits his own play on the screen) about a woman who is attacked by her car a night by a thrust-on his way home and she It's awesome when he realizes that the man got his purse and knows where he lives. After his roommate leaves for work the next day, the guy shows up at home and tries to rapide her. The story takes a surprising twist when, at one point, the woman turns the tables on the man and is able to force her; but when he realized there is no way that rape attempts can prove and arrest the man, he will just get through, he decides to keep him in prison at home until he can get a confession from him. Far-seek? Maybe. Disorder? Definitely, but there's a nice claustrophobic feel about this movie, especially the middle and just woman and her attacker, that you can not help, but feel completely part of what's going on. I did not see the play on Broadway, but I would imagine a piece like this works best stage, but that does not make that movie any less fixed an experience. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses performing the role of Broadway, has given Marjorie's role in the movie version and delivers a highly motivated and highly-performing moves as the victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics found Fawcett's performance to be one-note, but for me, Marjorie is a woman completely numbed by what she's been in with and performing at work for me. James Russo, in the performance of his career, is slim and threatening as the violent would have to get Marjorie to be much more challenging than expected. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid co-stars as Marjorie's Colloquium, who came home after Marjorie was overpowered to the guy and was tied up and stuffed in the fireplace when they arrived. And it happens in the columns that take the story at an unexpected level because they did not see what we see Marjorie go in and therefore think he should call the police and let them touch the guy. Not for the faint of heart, but if you can stand it, a movie experience attaches anchored by a lead performance that will surprise you.
