(SPOILERS IN FIRST PARAGRAPH) The anti-German film feature seems to be painfully dated right now, but it's a brilliant example of great time warfare. He did back when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director. (Ignore her all the best Academy Awards photo, she never made a very good sound movie.) This movie lacks the comedy of most of Pickford's other films, and really it was DeMille's movie, not the Pickford. Violations in Germany can be compared to the way the "patriot" in 2000 did the same in the British. The German German goodman in the film was a wicked man who had the ironic name in Austreheim. They even had Pickford a sick-unfortunate journey on a luxury boat that was tormented by a German submarine. So what will get the Americans more up in war? Sinking in the Lusitania, or watching Canada's favorite Canadian import sinking into it? All in all DeMille films run his protagonist from a kind of awful calamity to another, barely escaping death, hypothermia, degradation, rape, execution, and explosions that go through in just the right place to keep him injured. His way of escape from a shooting squad is no more credible than the people's path to "Jurassic Park" were finally delivered from the velociraptors. If I was any more gullible propaganda I would be punishing myself to have a German-German ancestor. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? Aside from a funny comic fanatic on American overseas thinking they are instilled ?? what was apparently a joke even back then ?? you might not be fun. You will find it more than a little melodramatic, and obviously one-sided, but the first thing that came to my mind after watching it is that it was the previous year Poem Potemkin's poem in a massacre revolutionized language in movies as well as a potential movie for propaganda. He made me wonder: what came to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the advent of sound and the "Greatest Show on Earth" he seemed to lose his ambition. Ben Hur looked inexpensive, but not ambitious. In one sentence, this film is for 1) Historical Film, 2) Silent Silent Film, 3) Mary Pickford fan, or 4) DeMille fan, if like someone who exists.
