This first western story of the golden rush brings great excitement, romance, and James Stewart to the screen. "The Far East" is the only one out of every five Western Stewart-Man who is often neglected. Stewart, again, put a new look on the ever-present personality he had in the five Western Stewart-Manns. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is incarnated, always looking out for herself, which is why she is so surprised when the people are nice and sweet in her. Ironically, he puts a bell on his device that he will not climb without. This shows that he might just care for someone - his sidekick, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, since Tatum is the one who gave him it. Man, again, put a new look on the personality ever present and put in the five Western Stewart-Manns. It shows violence, excitement, trace draws, romance, and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, wind up the rich rich city of Dawson, along with gold partners Calvet and Flippen, and no-handsome but handsome Roman and his men are hired. They can not leave, because Mr. Gannon's (McIntire) sheriff's cronies and his "deputies" will hang them, since the only way out is in Skagway, Gannon City. But eventually, McIntire comes in, but does not collect Stewart and / or his fine that it supposedly be the government. What does McIntire have for? It is there to have minor scam from the claims and money. People are dying. A sheriff for Dawson is considered unnecessary, and Calvet chooses Stewart because he's good with a gun. Stewart, however, refuses to work, because he plans to find all the gold he can, and then pull. He also denied it because he does not like to help people, since law and order always become a deceased person. So Flippen is elected instead. A minor dies because he tries to stand up to one of Gannon's men, an evil peppers, Fearing Madden mustache called Madden, which carries two weapons, played by Wilke. Flippen tried to arrest Madden and see that justice has to be done, but he can not stand before him, so he gets to drink the city. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stewart and Tatum begin to crawl but are ambushed by Gannon's men. Tatum is killed, and Stewart is injured. Stewart finally realizes that he must do something, or Gannon is taking over Dawson, setting up his own rules, and he will become his city, as well as Skagway. The audience also realizes what Stewart needs to do. Another thing that the audience realizes is that Stewart is the only thing that stands between the townspeople and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon would take over the city. If Stewart stays and keeps doing nothing about it, the townspeople will kill one by one merciless and useless. This is where a great scene occurs. Stewart is walking in his cabin. He has a slingshot on his arm. For a few seconds, his gun, in the gunbelt, is hanging on a post beside his bed, the gun is closed, Stewart is in the background, just inside the door. He stares at it for a few seconds. It launches the slingshot away. Countries are slingshot on the back of a chair, and falls on the floor. This is symbolic, because he was throwing away his old life, designed to not care about anybody, but himself. He comes to his new life, helping people when they need help. What ends the movie is a fire-blazing gun, showing the fate of evil against evil, and a feeling really good-feeling that everything will be fine.
