Definitely deviant in this review! I ** worshiped ** gothic Americans and they did since I first saw it late at night when it first revealed on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14. Comparing them to Stephen King are just about right . It's small supernatural city but with fantastic characters. Best of all, and why I love it so much, it's been the bowel never to be black and white! Lucas Buck though lacking any conscience often does not work, as he says, to give people enough code to hang themselves with them. Manipulation to him only works because of the weakness of others. Caleb is generally a thoughtful boy, kind, perspicative case at times showing dark side inherited from his father. None of the characters are completely good or bad and even the Merlin Angel who shows a fury of reckless revenge in Sisters Plague. Not only that with Gail, the closest thing to a mother's face to Caleb, is not just sleeping but falling in love with Lucas despite all she knows to realize that this show would just go there and not apologize for li. I'm a big fan of Buffy, but when the show really tried 'dark' in later times it failed perverse because it lost it to comic side and did not commit completely to its idea. AG shows that you can have a morally bankrupt character right in the heart of the show, and you still have a hell of laughing to doing it. <br /> I do not even think about why it was canceled as I 'll just get too upset in the ridicule of it all. So, lots of garbage on TV and good, original shows get chased around and jump over. Thanks to the emergence of DVD at least I can see the show in it's whole! Yes some of the visual dice watches are now, but the eerie creepy atmosphere provides quite adequate by their story lines. The actors also all provide the perfect performances that make it more than make up for some odd camera work. The only reason why I think someone can not like this show is that it's not like X-files where there is 'settling' or losing where there is a big question unanswered. It's very clear from going to Lucas Buck has some kind of wrong power, and that the show is all about fighting for Caleb's soul. So, this show can frustrate those looking for a goal or a 'true' unknown find. Yes there are some mysterious aspects unanswered, and some like the truth about parents Gails are getting resolved, but unlike Objects and X-files this show is not about trying to get more 'facts' on what's going on IMO. It's all about the characters and ways they have confronted the world's moral brains of the Trinity. Personally I would just get such a kick from seeing Lucas turning all the situation into his advantage. <br /> In the main thing I mean is CHECK IT OUT. I am very certain fantasy fancy / fantasy will love him. Also, if it has been canceled, all characters have arch and have enough of the final to give some sense of closure. The only hanging hang I felt was Dr. Matt. Having her not to be in the episodes are unusual. <br /> I would have done nothing for a second season, but at least 22 full episodes exist and maybe how brainless some exposable TV appears to be I should be happy to show this wonderful show at all !! !
