This time around, Blackadder has no more kingship (or even particularly close to being anything like that) ... instead, rather than a butler chef of the Regent Prince, described by Hugh Laurie (who replaced Tim McInnerny , which presence is seriously missed, and that hole never full ... His character had an innocent charm ... while it was a bumbling and filling morons, we can not help but care for him, which is not in all of its replacement) as being intact Daft (which it apparently was, according to the trivia page), not to mention loud-lips and net-life threatening. Edmund can now do just about what he wants, and to do so. Why is it so frustrated and angry (honestly, it becomes depressing at times)? Yes, his master is a buffalo, they are still. It does not seem to miss money, nor is it in any danger. In the second series, the Queen was mischievous and childish, and would cut someone's head - or the bride - on a whim. I have simply never enough to lead to any of the conflict to be interesting and interesting. There are still comments and even a little satire. Too often, it seems as if they thought the story was funny enough on its own, to simply repeat it, do not bother to actually turn the facts into jokes or gags. And I can not tell you how much of them I figured before they did, literally more than a minute away. It is not usually a positive when you know the punchline before it is delivered. Baldrick does not change the last two seasons ... it's always rather pathetic and stupid, leading to humorous "humorous" humor. Frankly, the amount goes to the roof. Do not get me started on the gross-out stuff. The sarcastic, verbal understanding can still be great, though much less of it is than before. I'd say about half of the episodes were rather fun and downright funny, while the other three did not really get to me at all. I was ashamed of as predictable some of the cemeteries and developments there was ... I could see many of these coming a kilometer away. Some of the material trying to way too hard to be funny and wind up coming across as incredibly forced. This continued with the tradition started by "II" by leaving plans to work out periodically. The theme is the worst of the bunch, the least creative credit score. All in all, this is, by far, my youngest favorite of the card. I recommend it to fans of the franchise and British comedy in general. 7/10
