Just saying you had a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee to get some kind of in front of the screen, but writer / director James Cox delivered Oh for more. A "Rashamon" in the sleazy Hollywood series, split into 1981 movie gems, was killed in a variety of angles (and action films), but mainly in the filter of John Holmes' interconnected from weasel brain. In a full movie of bad guys Holmes is either the oldest, the youngest or both. Several versions of the story come out and join as Cox flashes jump off with four titles twist amid effects and emoting. The dialogue is fast and naturalistic and never once fake rings. While the film takes place two years after Holmes has fallen out of pornography and in a really bad drugs fueled degradation, Kilmer relentlessly eases a so intense sexuality that it can measure in inches. This sexuality at its edges creates a sense of foreboding that hangs on the movie as nearly as heavy as the violence in its center. Those killers are teased in across the whole movie though they never show clearly, not even at the highest point, even though the violence in them relieves the entire picture and the blood is splattered across the walls and picture scene crime. Once again Val Kilmer as Holmes shows he can act wacko better than anyone else working. Strutting, cringing, bragging or begging, Kilmer is constantly in character and the character is constantly a fascinating machine wreck. Standing out side Kilmer definitely involves Ted Levine as the lead jail in the investigation with Lisa Kudrow as Holmes saves his wife. The trio of Holmes criminals fell into and included the impressive energetic Josh Lucas, the ever-interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and a Dylan McDermott absolutely untold in an essential role as the Teller yet another version of the murder. Cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about Wonderland, there is still a worst version possible, but looking at the surrounding crackdown is much more fascinating than understanding the truth.
