Unfortunately, in cases like these, there are many controversial stories as everyone tries to cast it on to others that it is impossible to get a clear picture of what really happens. This film is a victim of such circumstances. The writers (too many of them) have decided to take all the stories and give them the audience let them decide which version of the truth they love the best. As in the real-life case, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience left with a general drone of being unfulfilled (like coffee without the caffeine, or unlimited gender). Whodunnits with no whodunnit are generally frustrated and make you wonder why someone did not do their research before putting him out. At least all your films as a fiction if that's the amount (and this does). This is not to say no some great performances here. Kilmer (like Holmes) makes an outstanding role to bring some humanity into what otherwise a Kilmer character, and the real life lovers and friends who consulted on the movie, are for the audience to see a selfish, troubled person, though His flaws were great and big, loved and loved by many people (except himself). Kudrow as Holmes's wife, only gives a glimmer of the dramatic actress she can, but she is very noticeable and unforgettable glamor. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as he could and needed to show more interior conflicts to the credence of what finally happened between Dawn and Holmes (turning it in 6 months after running to Florida). Bosworth's push-ups performance is in bitter fashion, at times touched, but shows none of the real Schiller's bell must have been owned. The other characters fade into the woodwork that is a pity. Lucas is a great scene that could lean his teeth into this role he had been caressed for him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable of roles in biker traffic drugs. <br /> <br /> The fault in this movie does not lie with this cast, but with the writing. Too much cooked the soup, and this kettle, filled with lots of promises, finally leaves you hungry. The story and the characters may have been less than sympathetic, but in which the ilk movie are not so? Other movies such as the Cowboy Pharmacy 1989 begin Matt Dillon (who asked for this role and refused) worked with similar subjects and mastered it to such a degree that you felt a kinship with the main character at the end the movie despite what he did. Wind Sandt could provide James Cox with her crew some lessons. There was a man who tried to find and find the truth, this would be an intriguing story. As it is, you will find WADD's documentary accompanying more palatable (in DVD to DVD 2) and much more informative. You will realize from the DVD that Holmes was not a bad guy, but not a very good one either..as are most people.
