John Holmes is so famous, it is infamous (as Three Amigos would say). This is a rashomon-like story about the events that surround the Wonderland Murders in the early 1980's, in Los Angeles. The story is pieced together in the answer to a few of the participants. There are stories from the friend's perspective, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a participant in the Flight Attack of Eddie Nash (Eddie Nash is an infamous drug dealer - and is supposed to be the same character Alfred Molina played in Sware Boogie) and is heavy at the drug scene. John Holmes' perspective (played by Val Kilmer), which made him from having a paw paused between two kings (and a serious case of cocaine craving). There is also the patchwork recognition of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth) who fill in the spaces between the two stories. It is basically the same time frame that we are searching for, just the version of each character. The only thing missing is the perspective from the dead. <br /> <br /> Boogie Nights Paul Thomas Anderson shows John Holmes as a little heroic character, and a tragic yet comedy karma. It's a caricature of a real person. It was more of less, a mixed up kid that got what he got into his "great" endowment. Director James Cox turns the comedy and makes this episode of John's life in a nightmare for all of us watching. Details of the real life life make this movie even more weird. Val Kilmer has taken what he has learned from Jim Morrison, from the doors, strengthens the performance of the Salton Sea, and then further increases our deterioration of John Holmes's cocaine. All of the actors are pulling in very realistic paintings in cocaine djenki. Josh Lucas' performance stands as one of the best in the movie. She plays Ron Launius (I think this character is supposed to be the same as the Thomas Jane character from Naughty Boogie). Ron was the leader of the gang, loved John Holmes around as a gift and had a cocaine craving like shark enjoying blood. The use of the cocaine looks so realistic as to make one think. Did they really use Splenda ?? <br /> Where Boogie Nights has a bubblegum pop feel (lots of colors and nostalgia to 70), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, and a lot of jumps. It is twitchy and leaves. There is no comedy, just a never-ending speed, as if the director tries to put you in nervous, fast rhythm, high noble cocaine to make us feel what the characters feel. This is a graphic movie. She has one of the most violent scenes I've ever seen in a movie. It actually shows the killers themselves (in John Holmes's first sight and then from a perspective perspective). It is so graphic, it looks like police evidence in a crime. I had to pause after this stage and remind myself that this was just a movie. This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those who are interested in the other locations of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
