I recently entered the habit of buying any interesting DVD that the Criterion Company releases. I figured that though I'm flu shot, Criterion usually supplies enough extra supplies to compensate for any inconvenience of the current film. I read up on them, and I buy the most interesting things to me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is the last I buy, and I must say that I was not disappointed in the movie. It is better, funny, and romantic. Everything about it is quite excellent. Their songs are wonderful. If I understand French, I would probably hum and sing them all day long. Acting is very good for this kind of movie. American music in the classic Hollywood era relies more on songs and dances than the real characters and stories, but in Le Million, the characters are rather well developed and the story, while nothing was impressive, not at all missing. I loved their development of relationships, especially the relationship between friends once better Michel and Prosper. Romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, and many memorable moments. Probably the perfect single stage of the movie occurs right after the lead couple has an argument. They are hiding on the stage of an opera performance, with the opera singing line singers, Michel and Beatrice, interpreting in their own situation. This is definitely one of the highlights of movies. The scene managed to make me laugh, to win me over with a lot of romance and make me smirk in just how smart the director was. I give this movie a 9/10. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in the criteria I make and is planning to buy it. Among Criterion discs I currently own, Le Million has the smallest features. Everything he has is a photo gallery (not all that is useful; one might flip through it once) and a rare TV interview with Rene Clair, the director. This piece is a bit of interest. He was one of the many directors who started out of silent film, and when the talkies first appeared, he said that they represented the movie death. I think that most film-savvy people understand what these directors mean when saying that, but it is interesting to hear him explain it. Also, if you have read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, please note that they were wrong in one important respect: not all lines of the movie are sung. In fact, it has no more songs than a regular music. It is actually a lot more like a Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers movie. My criticism of the disc is not that important. Heck, Critical Critics for me around to make these complaints. The fact is, the people probably spent hundreds of hours fixing up a movie that only 20 (now 21!) The people voted for about IMDb, and only about a hundred people, if that would ever see the movie. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, Le Million is nowhere to be found. I have no clue why not. It's something to really be proud of (of course, their website is amazingly awful). They performed a great job on this movie. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can stand for them!
