Karen (Sara Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who is just beginning to do some social work, is sent to the aid of an elderly semi-catatonic woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her previous career, Yoko ( Yoko Maki), disappears. Karen soon learns that something is wrong in Emma's home, and she tries to "see how deep the rabbit hole goes". Maybe it's a delay in influence from the success of M. Night Shyamalan's film, but slower-rhythmic, horror-supported film is a recent trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seeking (2005), the approach works considerably well, and in others, like White Noise (2005), the rhythm tends to kill the movie. I did not like the grudge as much as hiding and looking, but this is still a very good movie - it earned a 9 out of 10 from me. <br /> <br /> Raje's has a significant couple of differences from other recent examples of this trend, however. One, it is well known that this is a remake based on the Japanese film series that started with Ju-On (2000) (in particular, it is very close to the first half of Ju-Sou: The Grudge, aka Ju-Sou 3, from 2003). Two, as with many Japanese horror films, the slower pace here is not so much in realistic drama as and surrealism. As is also the case with a high percentage of European horrors, the Grudge should look more like a nightmare filmed. The director of Takashi Shimizu, also the director of the five Japanese entrants of the Ju-On series of dates (the fifth is now in production), and writer Stephen Susco has been widely distributed and linear and not overly concerned with logic or draw holes when it comes to the horror behind the story. The idea is rather a feature of dreams of dreams, and logic dreams, where the focus is the atmosphere, creepiness, the unearthly, and many - crisis viewers. How well the film works for you are largely dependent on how you can adapt yourself, or are used, different approaches to this movie-making (although admittedly, some of the gaps seem to be full of previous entries in Ju - On set). Traditionally, the U.S. audience considers the de facto left-hand draw to hang and abandon the "rules" for the "monster". A most poetic, metaphorical, surreal approach to films is not yet accepted by the main of the US <br /> However, even if you are not used to it, it's worth trying to stop your normal preconfiguration on film and give the shot a shot . This is a well-written, well-directed, well-acting film, filled with strange properties, as the story interweaving a large number of "main characters" (which makes the best of here more episodic in Ju-Sou 3) , fine cinematography, a subtle production design (check Gellar's clothing, matching Emma's color and exterior texture, when Gellar first approaches), and horror materials efficiently. That film supports your average of the past, the rhythm usually improves the ceremony, and there is no lack of rare events holding enthusiastic horror fans. The premier supernatural film absorbed, and based on interviews on the DVD and Shimizu, was prodded to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and traditions. Although the most interesting subteks would probably arise with a more culturally knowledgeable Japanese culture, it's interesting to meditate why so many Japanese horror films feature scary kids and adults who seem scary kids .. <br /> I undergone one point for film in a little veering of Clichéd mystery / throwing territory with a "here's what really happened" flashback, but even that was fairly well done, and otherwise, this would be a 10 out of 10. Now that I told all of the above, let me finish with a mini-annuity: It's not that I'm anti-renewal, but it's ridiculous that US distributors and studios feel that we need to remade in foreign films making them suitable for consumption. The original versions of these films should be just playing in US theaters in wide release. There is no need to present an almost identical movie, but just to replace American white actors for non-white or foreign actors. Yes, the range is a fine film, but ultimately, I'd rather see something original using this talent, and to treat the latest foreign movies - not just Japanese, but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese, etc .. - in my multiplex. In the hope that someone and some pull in the studio read this, it is also more cost-effective to do so, as (1) you can fully avoid cost production, and simply make domestic distribution contracts from where you receive profits, and (2) you can make money from fans like myself who otherwise pick up the foreign movie DVDs in alien manufactured or even bootleg versions.
