He said that David Lynch's films and shorts will not appeal to everyone. Neither will Dumbland, maybe more than ever. I have a feeling that Dumbland, as people come across, will be a true brand 'I get it' or 'hell'. It's not surrealism exactly, but absurd in the point of no return. It's also very, very, very stupid. But in this sort can be a sort of ironic intelligence, which the maker knows quite how nasty and repugnant this is, and this self-awareness is a plus, not a shock. <br /> It's just a bunch of brit-skirt-type shorts that might not even make it on Hertzfeldt's show and show the judge (which, I might add, Lynch here has a lot of common with both directors in their work-centered on a lumox with an IQ of 20 with a still-tear-and-scary wife, and a child who looks like a cross between the gingerbread man and / or a stranger. The episodes include little situations like a defective carpet, a seller who can recount Gettysburg's address, watching over a sick brother in law, between hallucinations, and just crawling on the couch and noise all around. Throughout the time, Lynch still experiences, as it was always for better or worse during the period of five years it has made over and Empire Empire. <br /> For one thing, it will be back to the roots of his very short first , six faces when you are sick six times, in his repetition as a means to an end. This sometimes works excruciantly well, and sometimes not. Sometimes, as with the episode and sitting at home doing nothing as the teeth are bleeding and a flying buzzes around, the sort of absurdity of wax and without much of a good effect. And even an episode like with the guy's guy coming on is more funny-so for the Beavis & Butt-head comparison (both laughs like idiots, and are equally refreshing by killing things like fish and sheep). What ends up working is how Lynch shows up abstract delicatessen, in ways they are crudest imaginable, and excessive violence. <br /> In what is closer to the surrealism of "ant", the guy mistakes spray injection spray (just called "Kill", one of Lynch's very sad but fun pokes in convention corporations) about himself, and envisions the ant a choral music line, solos included. And one of the most arrowingly funny things I've ever seen from the movie theater is to "get the stick," where we just see the guy, encouraged by his son, getting a stab of night in his mouth . Soon the neck courses, pop up, and once said sticks is removed and does not look out for Waddling traffic like a manhole cover. Other moments pop up like this in unexpected disturbance, and it draws as if on paper cheap with a shock and tongue-mouth (mostly from the man, as well as in the 'grandmother', who's one of Lynch's voices for their characters is profound at all), and an unstable quality of reminiscent of the crop of the crop from (early) Hertzfeldt. <br /> All the same I still do not make sure if Dumbland is something I would put into someone if they did not see much of Lynch again leaving alone by him. Some little point on society has done through complete exhaustion that may or may not mind Lynch's idea closer than we usually think of people in real life. However in general there's not a whole lot that should read in it, which is why I'd say more than half that sees it will hate her with a passion. Those who dig bottom-less holes in comedy anime, must prepare to have an explosion.
