Dominick (Nicky) Luciano puts a 'T-shirt' T-shirt and trud on every day to perform his work as a garbage person. He uses his physical power to picking up the other litter and transpow it into the city dump. He read stories of comic book-books and love wrestlers and wrestlers, going to WrestleMania and his brother's brother Eugene on their birthdays is an annual tradition. He speaks slowly and many people come in contact with during his day. He reads funny books, which he finds in the trash, and a young boy who he often passes during while on the trash road. Unfortunately, Dominick has a reduced ability to use himself. He has a disability. Dominick's disability came as a result of an injury to the top of which he suffered from traumatic brain damage (TBI). This accident has left it slower, though it does not change its basic characteristics as a strong person helping to protect others. Dominick is actually more able to live alone than it may seem at the start of the movie. She lives with Eugene who is studying to become a doctor. Dominick gives the main source of income, while Eugene is off studying. Eugene must face the fact that he is continuing his education in a different city, and that he must move away from Dominick. Eugene also developed a romance that began to separate him from his twin brother. The film deals especially with domestic abuse and how this can impact people, families, and then society as a whole. The strain that escalates between Eugene and Dominick as Eugene realizes that he must eventually leave Nicky, exploding on their birthday anniversary. Eugene cries at Dominick and throws him to the wall. At that time, Eugene must confront his own fears as his abusive father, the father who Dominick protected him while he himself became the victim of the abuse. This event has cemented the love between the two brothers, who came from then became the best of friends. Even if they need each other, they both need independence and ability to develop and develop relationships with others. The fact that to be part way has become a very real emotional strain. However, at the end of the movie, Dominick is able to say goodbye to his brother and wish him luck. Eugene is able to leave his brother and confidence in that he started making a social network of people who care about him, and will help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominick witnessed the abuse of his friends he is forced to come face to face with the cause of his own shock. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick almost completely shut down. He then runs after the ambulance at the hospital to see what happened to his friends. After learning that the boy was dead, he confronted the abusive father who, fearing his testimony, told him he had not seen anything, knew nothing, and said nothing, and that if he did it will kill him. Now that his own life was threatened, he went and found the weapon but Larry used to kill the rats. He goes to the wake of the dead boy and at gunpoint, kidnapping the baby in the grief family. It runs away from the scene and hides in a building. When the police surrounded him, Eugene went to the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick's disability and brings the baby back. The abusive dad then wielded a gun of his own threatening to kill Dominick, but Eugene stopped him and Dominick told the crowd that he saw the father throw his son down the stairs. <br /> Through the climatic end, problems of dysfunctional behavior come into view. Though Dominick's domestics can save the baby, we also see how damaging this response is. Dominick puts the baby's life and his own life in serious danger. The biggest social consequences of such events are not directly involved, but instead show off their film ends. Although the most optimistic portfolio ends, another sequence of events may be just likely, in which Dominick is packed with kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It is a bit hard to believe that this has gone completely unplanned. In addition, even though Dominick is not charged, there may still be a stigma against him in the community, not having not had one before these events. Instead, the film shows that we must be able to recognize behavioral issues and act on the sidewalk. Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, same year as another movie, Rainman, who won 5 Academy Awards. While Rainman was a success and helped increase visibility and people with disabilities, he could argue that Dominick and Eugene hold more valuable lessons for society. While, Rainman demonstrates that the mainstream American society might be able to learn from and care for a 'savant', if the 'savant' is the legacy of a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that someone with a disability might be able to care for and help save members of American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities was too strong for 1988. We hope that one day society will see the forces of people with disabilities, not as a threat, but as imperative for the strength of society.
