I'm collecting movie films all over and I've seen the good and bad lot - Bloodbath Zombie is a low budget video. Sure, the act is bad, the storyline is basically a mix of all zombie movies dropping along with the low quality of some spots. The thing you seem to be missing is that it's always fun and really fun. The effects are varied from, as a human here said, faced zombies-faced like KISS rejected really good and some latex latex works. But the reason you buy a movie and a title like this is for the Gore and this movie is amazing in this area. Effects are very good for such a small movie. Someone called it a Movie Party and it is. 100% fun movie party. I've heard of various websites that this is actually a "rough cut" of the movie that has released the general but real "cut director" coming on DVD and it's pretty good. I will buy it, and judge for myself. <br /> History is basically a Nuclear Power plant going bad and making zombies. The Gov't closed it, hiding the story and home sanction to be built on it. Some of the plant is still underground and these undead come and attack the area. A few actors do a good job, some pretty straightforward social who are insightful and true, good music, great lighting, some effective suspension and tons of blood and sick. A guy gets attacked and torn from the lower area all the way up, if you know what I mean. Then his bowels were pushed out of his mouth. Another is torn in half like the Day of the Dead and they did a good job of this effect. There are a million gorgan gorgan and it's almost ALL action. I say that they stop a pride, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and meat market. Two major undead era. <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just put the DVD series and here is what I thought: <br /> <br /> NOW better quality photos and for once I could see the actual DIRECTOR cut in the movie and it is a better movie. I liked it before, but now I can see what Todd Dra had actually tried to do with this one. And the comment helps too, hear Sheets talk about the movie in detail, He knows he's a garbage zombie movie, but it shows respect for everyone involved. Also, Sheets has a great sense of humor and some humility integrity that others could learn from in the movie field. Behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is nice fun as well. I felt it was almost as fun as the movie he did for. There are some great interviews with behind footage stages, mixed with news stories about the movie from some major places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Over all, a fun little movie that is very rough around the edges, but still I was laughing and enjoying the ride! I saw many DV films, and some injections of video films, and many are quite dull, but this one really did not. While most DV films are technically superior, they just are not so much fun! <br /> <br /> PS - I heard them remaking this on a big budget ???
