Zombie Bloodbath is a movie made by zombie fans for zombie fans and a true love of the horror genre. As I understood it in the comment and things I read, he did during the Midwest Flood in 1993 when half of Missouri was under water. Buildings were under water. cars and homes were under water. An article said that zombies and the crew from this movie would help sand the river sand after shooting everyday. The reality of this movie made at all is a miracle. It is such a huge mashing of every zombie movie ever put in a Troma filter. It's a movie party to enjoy with friends who love loads of splatter and jump characters. And it is fast and energetic and really funny. <br /> A toxic spill accident in a nuclear power plant that causes people to melt down or turn into zombies. The local government covers it, tears the factory and builds on it. There are some ground changes (?) Cause a cave opening to develop and some new residents find the cave and unleash the undead on the newly built community. From there it just gets crazy and goril and fun. <br /> I've read these reviews over here a few times. And it seems obvious to me that the same person attacked this fun movie little three times as a different reviewer, using fake names. They use the same words and sentences. Zombie Bloodbath is cheap. It is raw. It was some bad act. So, half movies were done. There are so many new things in this fun movie. If you hate this movie very much, do not buy it. There is no need for personal attacks and to call the crew or throw "Trailer Trailer." And it is obvious you are not from Australia or England. It's just troubling that this great service, the IMDb does not catch people using it just to garbage others. There are bad reviews and good reviews, and I do not mind these. I give both bad and good reviews myself. But it is painfully evident that some crazy people only want to use this forum personally attack the director of this movie. Tris. <br /> Some of these so-called "Revised" even fundamentally called "revisions" just promote their own movie. One who calls this boring film - well, loves it or hates it, one thing you can NEVER tell about this movie is that it is boring. It moves fast and never has a dull place. <br /> Oh and what reviewer from the Netherlands ??? For - LIAR. You tried to post this same review in Amazon and received the yanked. Only the only review he said was from Missouri. <br /> <br /> This nonsense to stop. Love it or hate it - give it a real review or nothing kind. It is obvious you have not seen the movies. <br /> But for the file, I have and even if this one is not the best that I've seen, it's far from the worst. And even the worst I would give a current REVOEW and would not attack the director personally. <br /> <br /> Expect this review to help some people see in the sort going over here.
