Just got my copy of this DVD from disk set and while not perfect, I found the overall experience to be a fun way of wasting some time. I said right up front that I'm a big fan of cinema movies, and I really think that the fine people who made these films are too much. I also had a soft spot for those who are trying, sometimes against all odds, to live a dream. And again, these people are doing it. Is this some award-winning collection of amazing movies? No. Do not even close. But for what they do about the lean budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, the bottom line is still, I was entertained? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here the answer to both was "Yes." The first of the series is also the most raw. It is open to some types of accidents at a nuclear facility and those who melt down or something. Cut off a few years later with a new housing community built on the old reactor site. Some children make a video fall into a hole and find themselves trapped at the bottom of the facility. They get saved, but the hole is not sealed with people from the start of opening lumbering out of the hole. Soon, the whole city is overseen by the undead. And these zombies are fun. They go to cool rotten makeup of the cheapest slap on white-face ever, but they are fun. The whole movie in a confrontation between the final survivors of the area and the undead, and our hero goes to the lower level of the reactor to take out the meat eat zombies and seal the hole forever! Pretty cheese, but I think he meant to be. Still, it moves very fast, has buckets of effect that really and really try to have some style. The act is uneven, but a few good flash performance and one really should listen to the Next track. I went and looked at her again and so on and found it to be a good bit of information about the trials and fun that the crew and cast experienced on the movie. Director Todd Sheet looks very proud of this, his first film, but also no hallucinations. He knows he's a garbage zombie movie, but it shows respect for people involved. Also, Sheets has a great sense of humor and some humility integrity that others could learn from in the movie field. Behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is nice fun as well. I felt it was almost as fun as the movie he did for. There are some great interviews with behind footage stages, mixed with news stories about the movie from some major places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Over all, a fun little movie that is very rough around the edges, but still I was laughing and enjoying the ride! I saw many DV films, and some injections of video films, and many are quite dull, but this one really did not. While the newer DV films are technically superior, they just are not fun! In general, this is a solid, if somewhat flawed, released with lots of extras and TONS in gore and splatter. While they do not break down all the grand rules to move, I get the set to be fun and always a laugh, so I give this set a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to make art awards here as he was trying, sometimes against all his chances of looks, making fun zero budget, horror splattery and at that end, he succeeded in shovels.
