So, Todd Sheets once stated that he considered his 1993, shot-on-video Z-season, Zombie Bloodbath to be his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called zombie rampage knows exactly how triggers that statement is. I mean, what makes this one more superior? Well, then again, Zombies rampage does not include that mullet guy, now doing it? <br /> <br /> For one to understand exactly why zombie bloodbath actually considered worth a damn, one must remember that the 90 were like for lovers of bad horror. A decade ago, but said goodbye to B and Z-movies as we knew it. Technological advances, trends left, and the Internet would abolish the mysterious charms of the golden s.o.v year-old box. With anything remotely similar to quality schlock was all too self-aware for its own good, basically beat the goal. Luckily, not everyone has changed with the times. Join Bloodbath Zombies. And I guess this is the party where I explain the exact same thing from 500 other zombie flicks from the last 40 years. Well, so, Some types of accidents at a nuclear plant are infecting all eyes, turning them into meat flesh, who goes on a rampage, wounding some of the most veteran, yet funny scenes in the 90's. The first 20 minutes are cluttered with the most left-sounding conversations you might imagine. Conversations that you know that this is not just a low-budget zombie flick, this is a Z-class disaster, fella. many hysterical, non-existent acting, and going triple for Mr. Mullet. This guy is really the highlight of the night. The fact that Theses Todd seriously consider zombie bloodbath to be superior zombie sacked, my amusing at no end. I mean really, both are complete jokes about seluloid, but then again, so Redneck Zombies, so obviously Todd Sheet is in the company of awsomeness. By 1993, a bad movie would be no doubt, it's a full-blown parody, but Mr. Sheets stops his ground, giving you some good old sheep, the way it meant to be, unaware, clueless, and freeware. God bless Sheet Todd. For anyone looking for the surprisingly refreshing B-Horror 90, the Dark Leif Jonker should be at the top of your list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you are a chin that has been bored sometime around 1990, then '93 would be the perfect time to pick up. 8/10
