No more I can say about this movie than all of the comments on one page, except - as Jesse says - "it's the berries". Everyone who commented on the one wrote eloquently - as almost as the dialogue is in this movie. This just can be one of the sick things we've heard very much about, but they usually have done so by the actors who deliver the lines: a nice script. Maybe Robert Redford kept strict strict about the actors / actresses during the movie this movie, so that the beauty of the story would not get lost. <br /> I also went to church when I was very young and at my late teens. Pastors spoke very eloquently and slowly as Rev. The Maclean did in his church. That, in itself, is a totally different picture depicting the South Churches - no apartheid in my church. It was a great church, with many different programs to keep its congregations busy - the most inspiring perhaps the musical department with its great choirs and almost classical anthem. Too, Sunday evening-the people were almost entirely younger. Do you even know it was once safe to go to church on Sunday night? How I wish it was still! Watching "a river running through it" is very much like going to hear a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As already been very well written, the sermon for this movie is the beautiful open space in Montana - yet, there are also missile-silos there, too? Fly-fishing or any other family-related activity together closely for a happy life - and deep understanding of one another - becomes a blessing. Although you see some of the shadier aspects of life then also, the simplicity of the story paints a lasting impression on your heart, if you leave it. Talking to the Prostitutes are balanced constraints by the simple gatherings of old-fashioned, picnic community as this movie has - in heavy contrast to modern families taking the children of Disney Land for Sneaky joyrides and calling it "one day together ". There is nothing wrong with that, but as "River" demonstrates, some of her tonic beauty can do anything but make life richest. This is the third movie I've seen in which Tom Skeritt (?) Play a dad, all different styles and brilliant acting. <br /> Brad Pitt, especially an unknown talent except for "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black", and all the cast members deserve a lot of prizes. Small stories superbly said they will get 10-in-10 from me on any movie and violence, bad language, struggle with "action". I think particularly of "crash" and most of the movies "Arnold". What a savior for this movie peace is.
