(There is not much of the way in the crowd, since there is no plot to reveal, but still, I guess I describe some of what's happening like this ...) That's it. This is the most senseless movie I've ever seen. There is simply no word to describe this movie, although "bizarre" "ridiculous" and "ego trips" are very close. The opening half hour or so are really, really weird video music, and absolutely no conspiracy or continuity, apart from that MJ falls into some of the previous. One part of this part of the "movie" in the section where MJ is flying a fun-go-round plane in what seems to be half arsed intro bail rejected and cut sections from Submarine Yellow (dear master you did not can do this up). Then with a little over an hour left, the "movie" begins, and a lot of claymation (some of it really climb) spotting our "hero" and chase him looking for an autograph. Obviously, this leaves us like the mute (discounted song) leads a little bit worried, and it manages to temporarily lose them. Fortune for him, because he means he can witness a falling star and, again, I do not make this up, turning into a claymation rabbit. It uses this cunning disguise to try and sneak past, but for the reason I can not remember now, to see it (oh no!) And the chasing chase begins again. Achieve another song (the big shock). Shortly after the end of the chase, MJ somehow brings rabbis to life, until it is busted by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it is, apparently, illegal in the dance. <br /> The rest of the movie is equally as strange, whilst including MJ cleaning a bar in the melody of Criminalize Smooth, including shooting a man with his finger, not only killing the guy but burning his shadow the wall, a nuclear fission weapon. Another good moment is when MJ sees, Mr Big (Joe "what hell has happened to his career at this point?" Peschi) kidnapped one of the kids he was friends with, magically creating a tommy gun, and at another moment In this violent violent crime of random violence, open fire in everything that moves. A final moment I'll mention is when MJ, surrounded by Mr Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for it, and they're hugging more like commands unit rather than mobsters, which I guess they are. How does she find out? Why, it turns into a robot, filling with weapons and shields. This is the third of its transformational maps, almost always when backed by a corner and / or on the run. <br /> <br /> This film is well, quite surreal, and little in the way of scheme, and virtually no continuity.
