Mr Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. Her short film, DVD music video, are simply the best. I do not care if I get a quality sci-fi feature from this man, but I take care to get a medley of his crazy dancing, shriek yells, cool choreographers, and some bits of CGI and animation . There are also a few uninterrupted videos. All I mentioned is here. Stupid and over-the-counter "just worthless" schemes are not a problem when I witness Mr Michael Jackson in action. For me it will still be the final king of music videos (not the "king of pop" that sounds moron, especially for us, Russia, because "pop" sounds like the Russian word for "donkey" and MJ is definitely not "donkey king "). I can re-watch her best music video (which is artistic) and I never get tired of them. <br /> <br /> My first impression of this film is "What is this ...?" (Bits in different videos, some drawn images, jumping from one term to another, the absence of any linguistic plot, some kids jumping around, etc.) but as I watch it until the end, I could say it was great and really nothing like everything else to show on television nowadays. What I liked here too is that it never shows any shameful material and can be looked after by children easily. <br /> <br /> Without Mr Michael Jackson the universe of music video would be rather poor. Even the best classic videos of other artists can not be very close to hyperbole in the energy of MJ music folly and artistic quality. She knew how to get the audience at different ages and she knew how to stay a man with moral principles .. <br /> When I saw a suitable DVD release with Mr Michael Jackson video I knew she deserved Must buy though some clips have already appeared in some previous releases. "ISTory I", "HIStory II", and "Moonwalker" are all great, though only "Moonwalker" are more like a movie (with a solid theme "Smooth Criminal", "Paparazzi" theme, and a few strange parodies and twists). <br /> <br /> There is no fan of MJ I can always give this "movie ... like no other" a solid 9 out of 10 (I was hit by "criminally smooth" for sure and i The major complaints are the following: The initial segment of the film could be dropped while the main "MJ anti-drug campaign" should provide more "sky-rocketing foliage and stress" and should have more "moonwalking "itself of course). Thank you for your attention.
