Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with her music, Thriller was actually the first music video I ever saw apparently. Believe it or not had a time where Michael Jackson was like a god to people, a time when women are weary before his eyes before really discouraging before seeing her, sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker was the one who started a tribute to Michael's success at the right time when he released his famous album Wrong album that broke, the first album had 6 top ten singles. Michael is an incredible artist, there is no doubt, he writes, sings, dance, but when it comes to acting or holding a straightforward story with his audience ?? not really. <br /> We start off very simple: Jackson's music, life, career, success and mania was the 80's greatest star of the world Michael Jackson. And Jackson is a 30-year gangster style that uses her power as a crime face to protect children. When Jackson was allowed near the kids, we cut him playing in a field with the kids and the dogs. The dog runs away, and in search of it, Jackson and the kids uncover the lair of Mr Big, Frankie Lideo, a drug dealing mobster and a host of henchmen who want to get the whole population of planet earth out addiction drugs, start with the kids. Big guys discover Jackson and the kids, but they are saved; Jackson tells the kids to meet him at Club 30, which turns out to be a haunted nightclub since the 1930s. The story goes back to the mobsters attack on Jackson, and here it reveals that Jackson is actually a magical gangster, who draws his power from shooting stars. As one passes by the club, Jackson transforms into a sports car and mows down the big guys. The story picks up on the kids at the Club 30, and the first children are scared, but when Jackson appears awesome atmosphere in the club is transformed with children to find themselves back in the 1930s. The club is now filled with zoot suiters and balanced dancers. Jackson participates in a dance-off and other club members, serving as the music video for Smooth Criminal. The bigger part of the song, Mr. Big puts besieged at the club and kidnapped one of the kids, Katie. Jackson follows them back to Big's lair and ends up surrounded by his henchmen. Mr. Big appears with mentally tortured Jackson when he threatens to inject Katie with highly dependable narcotics. While Katie manages just catching Joe Pesci's glasses and getting free from being injected, Big Mr. decided he had enough and ordered his men to kill Katie before finishing off Jackson, but not before a flying star pa. Jackson transforms into a giant robot and kill all the Big Mr. soldiers. Yes, ummm, do you want more uniqueness? Watch the movie. Moonwalker is fun for help in the first half, seeing Michael's success and all his hard work really makes his fans appreciate him once more. Is it especially hype up her album? Yeah, I love as it spends the first 25 minutes praising how awesome is it, then we go to his song called "Let me alone", which is kind of hypocrite, not that it's not a big song, just a little turn of events. Then when we skip acting leaves, the story was incredibly weak: The villain spelled his name loudly while Michael and Katie are spying on him, lol, Michael is a full transformer of a sudden, big plan The evil monster is making high school kids? Also the villain has some sort of massive weapon that would make Marvin the Martian blush. But if there is one new thing that's incredible that the movie gives us is the new video for Smooth criminals. This music video is perfection, it's choreography, it's environment, it's songs, it's style list, Michael always goes above and beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I liked Moonwalker as a kid, I always watch it for the fun of that day, but it's not the best movie by any means, it's very funny, but it's true if you're a fan of Michael Jackson too . <br /> 7/10
