The SEA SAPS is obviously a bullet on a movie by Gary Cooper, the SEA SOULS. The title aptly describes the starting team, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who goes on a sea trip to calm down the nerves just in the run to snatcher Nick Grainger. As played by Rychard Cramer, this criminal is both entertaining and refrigerating, making it a fine foil for their comic boy boys. Despite his powerful presence, Cramer never upstages the boys, a tribute to Stan and Brital Ollie's. This is as it should be, since the boys are supposed to be the protagonists of this movie. <br /> <br /> These are the charms of Laurel and Hardy in the characters that they raise average material. For SEA SAPS has its sweet spots. For example, as a previous commenter noted, somewhere where a physician (sweetly seduced James Finlayson) tries a balloon called "lung tester" on Ollie, missing punch. The scenario is very bizarre, with the first part, taking place in the boys' apartments, almost completely related to the second part where they go to the sea. But on the whole, the movie is very pleasant entertainment with a short time so that it does not put it out of welcome. <br /> There is a certain poignancy to watch the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and producer Hal Roach. I did not see all Laurel and Hardy's post-1940 films but those that I saw do not measure up to the weakest Hal Roach products. In these later movies, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in a foreign setting, deprived of these colorful players such as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and LeRoy Shield's spightly music notes. They are also not the bumpers well-meaning and optimistic we know with love, but in the movies later, they are either exploiting blockages or tacky misfits .. It's a pity that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy movie are now available to the public. Even in a minor entry like the SEA SAPS, one can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. This was because Hal Roach, for the most part, allowed Stan Laurel, the guiding force behind the team, to fill artistic freedom. Once Laurel lost his autonomy in other studio, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
