This is my third comment here to try to connect two comedy comedy comedy films: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is the 1940s. That's the date that the former had the latest films from their home long home at Hal Roach. I'll mention the letter's meaning later on. In addition to Stan's last time and Ollie worked in lots of entertainment, it's also the final time they would appear with those familiar players such as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who appeared in most of these films. It's also the last time Art Lloyd would serve as the cameraman and Marvin Hatley-who composed the term themes that could be known as the "Cuckoo Song (Dance of the Cocoa)" - notes. And it would be the very last time Stan Laurel should be allowed to exercise complete creative controls on what goes on film. If there is a more gag-load structure than usual in this L & H film, it's pretty much known most of these gags are indeed funny. This includes most of the sound and visual effects, the latest by Roach Seawright. In this one, Ollie has "corfufobi" to work at a noisy cone factory for Dr. Finlayson prescribed going out to the sea for his rest. Ollie does not like going to boats that Stan suggests they just rent one in that they should not go anywhere. After finding one they love, we find that convicted Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) was just escaping ... I'll stop there and say this was as good a final for L & H's long home as one can hope for . It's hilarious especially at the beginning of the end and knows this should be the latest for the man partly responsible for the crews is true intensely when someone thinks of it. Oh, and I have a couple more time to mention: it's the appearance of the final movie of both Harry Bernard, who plays a port patrol after years of meeting Stan and Ollie as a policeman, and that of Ben Turpin, The cross-eyed comic was born in New Orleans which is a couple of hours away from my current city of Baton Rouge, whose second L & H appearance has been already "marry" the boys of our wives. Milk sweets especially have a genuine humorous moment. All right, I mentioned 1940 being Stan's years and Ollie were the latest films released at Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that a comedy team, both born in the state of New Jersey, would make their first photos of what would be home to their home, Universal. The director of that movie would be the same one that guided L & H in flying deuces the previous year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. While filming this script supervisor Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident involving a roll-up carpet. That incident caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send roses to the hospital room. They fell in love with married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until Babe's death in 1957.
