He followed the block-head with a shock of OXFORD, two hard movies in the head. Not that the SEA SAPS is a bad movie - it is the latest comedy good (unless one insists on JITTERBUGS or another of the films later) that Laurel & Hardy did. It's just that it's a movie launch-off little, without crackendo cracking the block-head or the surprising eye of Stan's "real" personality in a CHUMP AT OXFORD revelation inch in 57 minutes shorter than the other two They are a bit movie, but that's actually not a bad point for it. It was just enough time to hit the right scores. It's just not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and work Ollie in a factory that manufactures cone. I suspect there was a little bit of Chaplin's influence in this sequence (one recalls an incident similar to line-line in MODERN TIMES only four years earlier). Nerve Ollie's finally snapped, and he goes on a rampage. He goes home and (of course) his roommate Stan does not help - Stan has a music lesson with a unique teacher on his instrument (you've got it - a trombone). After beating the poor teacher, Ollie has trouble with the incompetent Janitor / Engineer (Ben Turpin in a nice short appearance), and then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) with his nervous tester (a balloon that flows like you push out from vantage Ollie). Finleyson announces that it is a bad case of "horniphobia", and Ollie needs a vacation with many quiet letters and goats. They ended up going to a boat but Ollie and Stan knew nothing about Seaman - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately the beds gnaws the cord until it breaks with the sailboat. Also unfortunately, on board is Richard Cramer, a escaped escape escape. This will not have a peaceful vacation. <br /> <br /> SAPS at sea (like a CHUMP) could be three shorts, one of the factory, one of the apartment, and one on the boat. Each would have a short success, and they all made a comic movie - but the stitching of parties together shows. There are some entertaining moments in the movie - the discoveries about how Turin's Ineptitude causes various types of water and taps in the unit; The crash remarks from building manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie run by him and ask for directions ("Can you help me get to the basement?" Asks Stan - "Certainly, you can not miss it - it's down! "said Hall, who realized what a stupid comment he just did); and Cramer's mismanagement of the slave of her hostages. He called Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (an allegory of the Dean brothers at St. Louis Cardinal team in the 1930s - refer to the Dailey Dan PRIDE at ST LOUIS). Cramer has the boys to cook it up some foods - and make a synthetic meal (boots for spaghetti, for example) to get it sick to be overpowered. When he realized what they were doing, he forced them to eat themselves. Reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> The SEA SAPS is not on par with the top line of Laurel & Hardy movie, but it is a good movie on the whole, with a good conclusion of the best year of their film career (1927 - 1940) when they were with Hal Roach. In the immediate couple of years before he appeared to be boys and Roach had serious problems involving production costs (RELATIONSHIPS, where Stan was the producer of the film), artistic scandals (scenes from SWISS MISS were cut off) and deal arguments (leading to Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie hit back and the flying DELIVERY, where the production was not Roach but Boris Morros. At the latest a contract of photo at a CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS at SEA concludes the arguments and issues - and on a high score boy left Roach. Unfortunately they have not found any subsequent film relationships with a satisfactory producer as this was.
