I enjoyed this movie far more than anything brought me anticipated; In reading other comments here, I suspect he benefited enormously from being seen on a full screen full screen of the movie, in the company at a happy and entertaining audience. I was lucky enough to have that experience, being carried on rid of laughs from around, and had an incredibly good time with this undemanding comedy. For it is as a comedy that it shines, if it shines anywhere at all. The music has nothing special - in fact, I did not realize it * was * a music, and was very surprised when the assembled assemblies burst into half-lyric talk - but I must admit that half the threat, half promise to ' Oh, what I'm doing ... 'proved far more enticing that he had ever looked at the moment, as it still will round and round in my head! The plot, as it is, is widely pivoted around the past history of the eponymous Francesca, a portrait of the sixteenth century sporting an bright anarchist hairstyle and fur-coat. His idea about the sacredness of marriage by jolt quite well to that of its distant descendant, Angelina's Countess, and one can almost hear the crackdown history of the seams under the Code Production Code in order to ensure that the heroine came without blood. In many-delayed wedding-mats and the right people ... <br /> <br /> The romance is newly-earth-breaking, and in fact the first few scenes, played very well, the road on the tedious. But where script and movie really come to life is in the battle of the gender that follow. The pitfalls of the Douglas Fairbanks Jr. in Betty Grable's married Angelina is equal only by Betty-Grable-as-Francesca's pursuit of her turn, culminating in fulfilling the role of reversal of the hilarious fantasy sequence where she literally - sweeping her on foot his. This is probably the Greatest Comic of the plot, although the consequences of Colonel's comprehensible confusion have been worked out with a nimble touch of the remaining two acts of the operetta-structure, and the Fairbanks' blissful showpiece, the aforementioned awakening is more or less worth the cost of admission on its own. <br /> <br /> Grable is entirely compelling in establishing two characters of its controversy, wisely gets almost all of the opportunity to sing (limited), and shares the honors where the swathes of quotable dialogue in various verbal showers are concerned. But in the field of unspoken reactions it is really overstepped by leading men to support; Fairbanks in particular is an absolute treat in a number of wordless sequences that have set-up and humor are worthy of silent screen. <br /> <br /> This movie is too uneven in style to be a classic, varied from brighter to hackneyed shades. But at its best is quite honestly comic indeed, and it brings a round of spontaneous applause and laughs through the auditorium to the end as the lights up. Out of tune with his times, he may have failed to design contemporary audiences - but, on this show, really did not deserve to be defeated by both Grable and Preminger, the director (incredible). This is no masterpiece, but a pretty fun minor job, and I for one found myself grinning in remembrance all the way home.
