This is the first PPV in a new era for the WWE as Hogan, Ultimate Warrior, Ric Flair and Sherri Martel were all left. A new crop of skills needed to be pushed. And this all started with Lex Luger, a former NWA World Heavy Champion gave a title shot against Yokozuna. Lex traveled throughout the United States on a bus called Express Lex to inspire Americans to rally behind him in his way to beat the Japanese monster (actually Samoan) and get the WWE Championship back to the U.S.. As such were anticipating this match. <br /> But every good PPP needs a undercard and this has some good things. The night started off with Razor Ramon beating Ted DiBiase in a good match. The story goes on this was that DiBiase was picked up on Ramon and even offered him a job as a slave after his trauma loss at 1-2-3 Kid's on RAW in July. Ramon, angry, was then associating with the Kid 1-2-3 against the Inc Money Tag Team at Ted DiBiase and Irwin R Shyster. To solve the differences they both gave one on DiBiase matches against Ramon and Shyster vs. Kid. Razor was able to settle around him in the deal after a razor hit. <br /> <br /> Next up came the Feeling Brothers wearing the title WWE tag team on the line against the Heavenly Body. Dept to interrupt the manager Jim Cornette, "Managers", who hit Scott Steiner in the throat with a tennis rack, could pull out the win in a decent match. <br /> <br /> Shawn Michaels and Mr. Perfect have been feuding since Wrestlemania IX when Shawn Michaels confronted the loss after Lex Luger's loss. Perfectly listened to the Michael Intercontinental Tournament when he was distracted by a title match against Marty Janetty. Michaels won the title and put it on the line against Mr Perfect, but Michaels now has a powerful ally in his corner of his 7 Diesel bodyguard. Micheals and Perfect had an excellent match here, but Diesel has proven the difference marker, pulling perfect out of the ring and sending it to the steel steps for Shawn to win by counting. <br /> Irwin R Shyster blames the loss of partner team tag earlier in the night, easy accounting for the 1-2-3 Kid. Next became one of the great matches of the night as Bret Hart prepares to battle Jerry Lozier for the title of Conte King of the WWE. But Lawler came out with crutches, saying he was injured in a car crash earlier this day and that he would fix another opponent for Hart: Doink the sort. Hart and Doink had a match that Hart had won with a marker. He then jumped from behind by Lawler. This was bought by WWE President Jack Tunney in the ring which told Lawler that he would receive a lifetime ban if he did not fight Hart. Hart then destroyed Lawler, winning with the marketer, but Hart refused to let go of the hold and the referee overturned his decision. So, after all that Lawler called the Context of the WWE. This match was followed by Ludvig Borda to destroy Marty Janetty in a short match. Undertaker finished his long rivalry with Harvey Wippleman, which began in 1992 when Undertaker defeated Wimpleman's Kamala client at Summerslam and continued when the last Wippleman Giant Gonzales monster destroyed Taker's Rumble's and then again in Wrestlemania, with a decisive victory over Gonzales here. Gonzales then turns on Wippleman, chokeslamming him after a poor match. <br /> Next it was time for six people action as the Gunns Gunns (Bart and Bily) and Tatanka beat the Headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu) and Bam Bam Bigelow and Tatanka pinning Samu. <br /> This brings us to the main event with Yokozuna, flanked by Jim Cornette and Mr Fuji, wearing the WWE title on the line against Lex Luger and it's all about the Lex Express board. Lex was attacked, but Yokozuna took control. Lex became as it could to avoid a bow tie and then body slam Yokozuna before knocking him out of the ring. Luger then attacked Cornette and Fuji as Yokozuna was counting out. Luger won a fine match !!!!! Balloons fall from the ceiling. The heroes all came to congratulate him on his win. Yokozuna could hold the title, but Luger proved he could beat. The only question was, who can beat him in the ring and get that title to him?
