Spider-Man is in my opinion the superhero best ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. While it can be a bit easy, you have to play it several times to find all the costumes and cover funny books, which make up for how easy it is to get into the game. It may seem hard to control first, but once you get the hang of it, you'll be web-slingshot like Spider-Man himself. Employers, while the levels are a bit easy, they are fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which should not be so because fans of the comic books know, scorpion is one of the most dangerous Spider-Man villains. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, who is in my opinion the easiest boss of the game, which definitely should not be. The 4th boss is venom again. This time, it's a bit harder to beat but still easy. The 5th boss is Mysterio, who I think is the most bold boss to battle in the game. It is also one of the hardest employers, but once again, it is still fairly easy. Next boss is Carnage, who, you guessed it, easily beat. But Carnage is actually kind of fun to fight. The 7th boss is Dr. Octopus, who is like all the other bosses easy, but not as easy as others because he has a shield. The 8th and final boss is exclusive to the game, never in a comic book or cartoon. I will not spoil it for you for those of you who have not played the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game that is not too easy. Took me 4 or 5 trying to beat while the others I beat on their first or second try. <br /> In all, a very good game. I gave it an 8 out of 10. The reasons why I did not give it a 9 or 10 are that once you get all the costumes and comic books covered it gets boring (getting all the things will take a little while though), it's not very accurate according to the comic books or cartoon shows, the employers are too easy, and should have used Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as a boss, I think that it would be fun for a flying person to fly around in the air! They did not use them to the end of this game either! Well the Green Goblin is the villain of the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so hopefully will make a video game based on the movie.
