Jacknife is a war movie that is just about as far removed from the war as cinema war to get. It can hardly be classified as a movie war, because the only way that any war has an effect on the story or the characters are in the memories of it, and even those we hardly ever show. He poses very interesting questions about life, especially in the way that filming the movie says that only one of them is really alive (and along the way, though the slogan refers only to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro) talking about all three of the characters in the movie). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs returned to take Dave on a fishing trip that was planned for a lot longer than you could guess. <br /> <br /> DeNiro provides a perfect performance of Megs characters, who we are not sure if we would like or if it really is like black as Martha thinks it is. Dave recalls Marta several times that Megs is not her friend, just someone she knows. There's a big scene early in the movie where Megs has gone from grab a six pack of beer to his car for breakfast, and it's just around the corner of the room when Dave says. Megs pauses for a moment and then proceeds to the room with a smile and a great greeting. It is not just later than you realize how Megs must have felt when he heard that, being one of those things being planned to do that day. He reminds me of the fascination of the old man, "Sure, let's do that," things that people often say to each other, never have any plans to do any of these things. " Ed Harris delivers a wonderful performance like Dave, who has never received about the effects of the war on him. Even for many years later it does not manage to kill a friend during the war, blaming himself on that day for it and so drowning his life into alcohol, cigarettes, and loneliness. All he wants, he says, let people leave him alone. This is not a person who lives his way he wants, if people actually leave him alone or not, he's a man trying to forget that he's alive, tearing himself out of the world at alive as much as possible. <br /> <br /> Martha her sister reminds me of myself, at least in terms of my colloquy. I have two colocoms with 21 and 24 years old, and both act like they are still living with their mothers, waiting their damage just goes away when they leave the room for a while. One on the one (one older, unfortunately enough), there is absolutely no sign how to take care of it, I'm surprised that I do not have to wipe his chin while eating. Martha did much the same for her brother, whom she waited at hand and feet while she staggered to life from one hangover to the next. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life and neither they can get out of it until something big change, and Dave is the one who needs to make the change. I tend to complain about romance in movies where he just does not belong to as much as Roger Ebert complains about these tension patient devices, reddish digital red. But in this case, I do not think that romance that developed between Megs and Mart had no negative effect on the rest of the movie. On the contrary, he made it much more interesting, because it was not predictable. The problem with the romantic subplots of Bruckheimer movies and shelves is that they are so predictable that you just wait for the obvious sequel to come and hope that something interesting is going on the road. In this case, however, it's not as obvious that something will happen between Megs and Mat because we do not know enough about Megs. Mat could be good about it, that it is one of the crazy Dave's crazy entertainment and it's not the kind of person it should be dating. Dave certainly promotes this idea. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> (Deposit) A couple years after this movie, DeNiro made Cape Scary, where he played a criminal bother out for revenge against the lawyer who landed him in prison, a character , in retrospect, making it very easy to think that maybe the end of Jacknife Marta realized her mistake, getting rid of Megs, and she and Dave make up because she saved her from a horrible relationship and then she decided to clean up her act because she did a good thing for her. I was half waiting for this to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Mat and Megs wound up together and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asked Dave all the questions about what they were planning to do after the war ended. At this time a sleeping drama is moving, but Jacknife is entertaining on the road and has a great rule in the end, which amazingly managed to be sane without cheese. There is almost beyond the emotional end of the movie that has recently adapted to the rest of the movie, but it is so good that it does not dumb down anything that the movie has accomplished up to that point. Everyone involved is providing a wonderful performance, and it is one of those rare films that just about making you want to stand up and shake your point victoriously in the air.
