The combination of Novella's reading and watching this movie inspires my wife and me at new levels. Recently I reflected on a statement made by Thomas Kinkade's artist in one of his inspirational books; He said: "You and I were not born to breathe in the heart of traffic in the air. I do not think that God has had banal TV programs, media hype, unpaid purchases, and soul pollution in the air when creating universe "I did not see" A river running through it "in a couple of years, but after meditating on a statement Kinkade made me watch the movie with a spiritual eye. I watched him and saw a whole new world of the movie and he inspired me to read the book (a must read). I was still frustrated in Southern California but somehow kept in its materialism society. The movie really puts in the perspective of how we should really experience the creation of God. A combination of Macleans history and my desire to move back to the Northwest drove me to move to Montana. I want my kids in the future to be able to rome in the landscape, go flying-fishing with me, horseback riding in nothing but open countryside and quiet lake set in the mountain. A place where you rarely worry about crime. I look around SoCal and all that I see is mall, people grarling people at Bent Mercedez, miles of cars on congested routes, gang, racial racial on the way for violent eruptions, and everyone uncertainty of every other intent. <br /> Anyway the movie is very inspiring and brilliant acting with a deep story about the fragile connections of loved ones. There are a lot of deep thinking in this movie. The scenery is worth seeing alone and actually helps relieve tension. You should end this movie to relax again full of insights into your own life. It takes someone compassionate, intelligent, and spiritual, to truly understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and how a director realizes his goals in dialogue, tone, light, color, landscape, camera / movement angle, etc. then this film is probably not for the crowd who think " The Fast And The Fury "is the greatest movie. Granted it was fun, but deep. <br /> <br /> The bottom line: This movie helps realize that life is not about how much you have or what you own. Instead, it's about your relationships with family and friends and experiences you share together. TYPES OF COUNTRY
