Did you see the graduate? It was considered the film of its generation. But a river running across it is the story of all generations. Long before character Dustin Hoffman had all wrapped up in the traps of modern suburbia, Norman Maclean and Paul, his brothers were facing even the breaking pressure of growing as they tried to find their place in the world. But how a place like WW1 Montana can be a showcase for the American family, at a time when the Wild West still did not completely go away? Just what Maclean has been tapping into that strike so deeply in which we all are and what we have to go to find ourselves? As the film opens, Norman is an old man, volefishing around a roaring river, trying to understand the course his own life has taken. The film is literally a journey up to his own craft of conscience, against the current time and back in when he was a boy. He and Paul, his younger brother, were the son of a Presbyterian minister and consecrated mother. Parents fit badly in their roles. Mom cares for home and home. Father does the work of the Lord. The boys meditate on what they will be when they grow up. Normally he went down to a boxer or a minister like his father. Given the choice, little Paul would be the boxer, since he said his first choice in flyfisherman pro does not even exist. The boys grow up and get into trouble with the laps, fighting to see who is harder and doing things to do, all the while in the church and taking part in all other spiritual things like volefishing. They are at the same point in their previous college life. But when Norm returns from six years to Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is in his head in his game. Master Thief. The degree to a nearby college and journalist reporter who knows each cop on the beat and every judge on the bench. Norman is stunningly well-educated for her day, but she has little idea what to do with her life as her dad grids about what he intends to do. You will leave feeling that at least Pops, God will call you to work your life. But you have to stay open and ready to receive it - all your life. Father always took his boys to think about the river, and to contemplate the word of God. "Listen," Dad is encouraged. It's both Zen and Quakerly. Pretty radical for a stoic clergyman. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and even though the Macleans are really a fear-inspiring God, scriptwriting scriptwriting, how is it Rev Rev. Maclean to unravel? Paul is true perfection as it is the fish's fish, but he feels that the pull of gambling and bosom, while his family does not know how to keep him from fluid up where he seems to be headed. Mothers, Fathers and Brothers all seem to have the same desperation of not knowing what they should do and why they can not seem to help. Pauly just waves it all off with a grin and irresistible charm. But the junior brother will lose his grip. Norman starts getting his life on track, finding love and career, but Paul continues to slip. Family who loves him will look promptly. Mom, Dad, Flounder's Brother in their own way trying to help, but not very effectively. How can a family love each other so sickly to handle this busy? How can one be so creative and full of God's grace when it comes to God's nature, yet to be somehow incompetent or willing to fit into the societies that God's people have made for themselves? These are all Norman questions meditating on his entire life. Words are never finished under the smooth rocks of the river forever haunting it, but keeping their secrets. The movie is beautiful to watch. This is certainly the land of God, and filming it was an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with the story of the book and teases the narration a bit to follow the emotional pattern he presented, and he works well. But go back and read the book, too. You will see Norman has made connections to his old man even deeper than the movie can suggest - and you'll see the places where many words the storyteller gurgle and sing right on the page and a great many of a river running across it, which leads to the unknown.
