I read the short story by Norman Maclean, and the movie made Norman Maclean's writing. My husband tends to regain it occasionally, and I am reading it on and the movie scene keeps coming to mind. We have videos in many of Redford movies ?? and we looked at "a river running through it" many times. Redford is part of the "famdamily" as it is still around. We never get tired of Redford's perceptions of Norman Maclean writing, and the beauty of Montana. The scripts remind me of my own evolution as my father called in the same way as Mr. Maclean's father. According to "A River running through it," "Methods are Baptist who can read," a line that is by the way is not in the short story, but I think it's a funny line! My husband and I are well to be baptized! I've heard a state-owned film that the pace of this movie is too slow. I do not agree. As a search for inner peace, this is the kind of movie that will make you contemplate the beauty of nature in three / four rhythms of the metronome. The photography is exceptional! The act is great. I love the scene where Norman and Paul as boys talk and wonder if someone could fly a fisherman or a boxer! Then, as Paul's adult played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is the "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism, but he will not accept it. The same applies to Neal Burns, who uses glass as bait, he also needed help, but he would not accept the fact that he needed help. The scene where Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family has to wait for an eternity to say goodbye! Finally after hours, they all fell to the table and said, "Grace!" and they all left. But the ointment stayed on the plate! That scene where the two birds love with the tattoos on the postereors! That's funny! The Sun! Drive back home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decided to go across the train line! Nice dialogue when Norman proposes Jessie because he wants her to come to Chicago with her! Redford itself does a superb job as a narrator. I could not stop myself from comparing Brad to the young Redford (Barefoot at the Park). Director nomination, producer, actor, is a visionary who deserves praise for his adventures not only in movies in the United States, but around the world. I am glad to live in hundreds of sixteen because I saw the beginning of the black and white television, the movies and all the technology and special effects, to watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford because I was is likely to see his work. Redford does not need any special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river means that lines separate lives from death, souvenir and reality. Redford pointed out to the Creator so enormously with a river running through it.
