Coonskin might be my favorite Ralph Bakshi movie. Like the best of her work, she's in-your-face and does not disappoint her for a second, but unlike some of her other work (even when she's her finest, before and after Coonskin and great Traffic and Wizards) is not very uneven, despite the onset of the contrary. Bakshi takes on stereotypes and perceptions of race, of course, but in addition it is doing what appears to be a freewheeling exploitation film; blaxploitation almost, even if Bakshi does not stop the fair. If it were just a flicker blaxploitation movie and animation invented it might be enough for a substantial feature. But the bakshi goal is higher: sending these images to grotesque and exaggerated by black men, but Italian / mafiosi, homosexual, Jewish, general New York-style in the outskirts of Manhattan in the 70s, he did not do anything realistic. The most common creation of drawn "real" draws is, in fact, a naked woman painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> In mocking these stereotypes and conventions and horrible forms of racism (meaning "tar-rabbit, baby" jokes, jokes, more black-faced), we are looking at abstraction to a grand degree. And best of all, Bakshi does not take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee and a movie like Bamboozled, in delivering his message. Therefore, for the most part, Coonskin is a hilarious piece of work, where some of the images and things are done with sudden twists and, of course, the awkward scene scenes (I liked the scene where the three animated characters They talked about by the real white life couple in Tux and dress as "colorful" and the love), they are just too much to laugh at. It's not just the imagery, which is in and in itself incredibly "over" -still, but that the scenario is sharp and, this is the key to Bakshi this time considering, has received a fairly cohesive narrative Strings along the improvisation and madness. <br /> Use the first live-action, then animation, and then a very smart match of the two (ironically, what Bakshi later went for in the commercial and cool world form here a T with less money and a rugged corner), Pappy and Randy are waiting outside a prison wall for a friend to escape, and Pappy tells of the story of Rabbit Brother, who and Brother Bear and preaches Fox to go to Harlem and they become beodlums beams, and rabbits in direct opposition to the character of a Jabba-Hut-anquire character. This is obviously a take off on the South Song with its intentionally happy-go-lucky and animation conspiracy, here taken separately, to show how its annoying and offensive really is .. But Bakshi goes to break in combination form; Animated characters stand behind and move along with live-action backgrounds; when violence and shots and battles happen as blood as it can get to 1975; when a dirty cop is in a bar and it is drugs and put in black-faced with a dress, it travels in a way that does not even Disney can happen with Dumbo; a boxing match with Brother Bear with an opponent as the highest point-film is slow-moving movement; Footage comes from time to time in old, few and some cinemas from the 20s that just taste. <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or, recently, South Park, Bakshi's Coonskin functions as first entertainment and then thought-provocative second. It is also audacious film-making on an independent scale; All things from the time taken from the mounting and drawing are endlessly deforming for the characters (however all based on the theme of the piece) all serve the thought of the script, where its B-film scheme opens much more for interpretation. To call it racist lacking the point; is like Dr. Strangelove pro-atomic desolation or United Confederation in America for slavery. And, for me, it's one of the best satires ever to do.
