After finally watching Walt Disney's song in the South on myspace, I decided to look at Ralph Bakshi's answer to that movie-Coonskin-on Afro Video which I linked from Google Video. In this one, during the live-action sequences, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) took his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to pick up Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, previous year he added Michael for its name professional name) as the letter of escape from prison. During the attempts, Pappy told Randy a story of Brother Rabbit (Voice Thomas), Bear Bear (White), and Preacher Fox (Gordon) and the adventures of Harlem. As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts, there is a mix of animation and live-action that provides a unique point-of-view from the writer / director who is sure to offend some people. Another fascinating animated character is Miss America that is a big-like of gigantic in every way-white blond woman dressed in red-white, white, and blue stars with stripes holding a black man and shot it in one of the most sexually violent ways that was shocking funny to me! There are many of the scenes pouring throughout the picture of another one about anonymous front before Brother Bear's also give great laugh at me. There is also a segment of a woman telling her baby to a "cockroach" she's friends and who left her touched with that party that seems to be a tribute to the funny cartoon George Herriman. I was also captivating hearing Grover Washington Jr. in the version of "No Sunshine" heard as part of the note. Most compelling part of the photo saw the Scatman itself showing himself in silhouettes during the opening song crediting sequence and dodging a song that contained him using the word N in a satirical way. When I saw a VHS cover of this year's film, she showed Brother Rabbit in the insolent fashion in front of what looked like Warner's circle and the slogan, "This movie will offend EVERYBODY". This is enough warning to anyone who thinks all the animated cartoons meant for the kids. That said, I definitely recommend Coonskin fans in Bakshi and in all forms of animation.
