A stunning realization occurs when some sort of phenomenon takes place !! Let it, firefighters will be cut, witness a flight, a hurricane nonchalantly devastating everything in its path, or, for that problem, any other spectacular event! In the case of Maclean's family, however, revealing was something that was no more complex than the days of day life. In the early twentieth century, an environment was rough and tumble ... Maclean's family was composed Two people, the father, a minister, who ideologically drove his family well. His wife was God scary, and binding. The two boys were, well ... BOYS !! What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt starred in this movie before he really was LA !! Brad Pitt, and his acting performance in this film was, to say the least, remarkable !!! His brother, Norman, was the cerebral type, he was touched by the genuine emotions, and motivated by a set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana concourses and !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a misfit to compensate, and he lived on the corner ... You'd think Montana in the 1920s had no such things, yet somehow, gambling, drinking, and Violent confrontation, being as much a part of Paul, as is his fly fishing boat! Fly fishing !! Did I say that? Parentetically, this was the core of this movie theme !! The recreation of flying fishing served as the bond itself that homogenized the families spirit of Maclean brothers, and to a lesser degree, the father !! I would describe the act of this movie as incredibly credible, and the cinematography goes beyond sensationalist .. Put it this way, anyone who sees this film will want to live in Montana .. Movie film in bluer than mountain blue and spring water captured the youth and the effects that the Maclean brothers had for life ... Rarely in a movie you witness how feelings instantly invoke a dogacity tenacity to accomplish whatever it may be that someone wants to accomplish. lived the full life, and for better or worse, the father knew that this was going to be the only way two of them could become people !! ... Robert Redford directed this film, and tells the story of the Maclean from the perspective of the greatest brother, Norman ... Norman gets offered a position at the University of Chicago at age 26, and couples the woman he is still have in love with ... What this movie also points out, is that the youngest brother Paul, has attained a nth embodiment of his own being being the epitome of a remarkable flying fisherman !! Behind the substance of priority life in the existence of the smallest brother, and exercising an insidious form of constancy for Maclean's family !! As most human imperfection goes, the Maclean family has made light of turbulent water, (literally) and thus establishes unity as a family, by putting the necessary blinders on the press ... <br /> The End of the movie "River Run Through it "presents an epicram of life in the eyes of the older brother. For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a prerequisite persistence in her emeritus year !! Such a fate is largely due to the fact that reflecting on his life is tantamount to desires for those who have gone through! The fond memories of his brother, his wife, his mother, and his father, must now be seen philosophically! For Norman, his life was relegated to stubbornly determining its dubious outlook, and resolving delicate! One simple thing like the statement "This was your life, and that's how you lived it" is a somber recreation of joy, sorrow, regret, and the like, it was given, as well as being getting in !! Best placed in the last sermon he heard his father give, his father said "We can fully love someone without fully understanding them." Whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, read has arrived however! Norman Maclean must come to attack and the fact that his life was fragmented by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean became an octogenarian decadent who is polarized by virtual conclusions in his life !! These quiet waters in the picturesque Montana rivers serve as a vicious and devastating final year on earth !! Without question, the very prolific statement of "what seems complicated is really very simple" purveys a very alleged message in this movie ... More simply put ... The people and places that were important to Norman's life , are now only a bittersweet memory .... simply an intellectual relief suffers from events that are aggravated by the haunting waters of beautiful Montana rivers and rivers ... For that, for all Maclean family, "everything gets into in one and a river running through it "
