There's a regiment of Mick Garris who has the feeling that he could not manage a horror film of quality if he had. And, SLEEPWALKERS (.. screenplay written by Stephen King) is often used as an example. I love SLEEPWALKERS, though I am fully aware that Garris just tells F # ck it and lets all hell break loose on fifteen or so minutes in the movie. Forget character or scheme development, which needs them anyway. It is about violent and bloody violence as a mother and son scared of "sleepwalkers" (.. animal felin-human shapeshifting animals that suck the life out of innocent virgin females, coming from town to city, living a existential nomadic, really powerful) are clear about a teenager who does not surrender without a fight. Before all said and done, they will be killed as a mother does not have to tolerate the possible death of his beloved son. <br /> <br /> Garris waste short time setting up to be executed, as a teacher (Glenn Shadix), beautiful suspect, All American charming Charles Brady (Brian Krause) to be an entirely different person from whom he claims , gets his hands torn off and his neck torn in. Charles attracts beautiful girl in her arms, drawing their energy, in turn "feeding" her hungry mother, Mary (Alice). New new target is Tanya Robertson (female Amick), and it seems that it's easy for her, but that will not be the case and when Charles is seriously injured in a fight (.. thanks to the deputy cat, Clovis), revenge Mary he will be crop on all who find his way. Mary, coming to hell or high water, will retrieve Tanya to the goal of her "son refreshing" son. <br /> <br /> Like many adolescents, I had a break on certain actresses I watched in movies. Like Amy Dolenz, I was struck by Amick's girl. She's simply adorable in this movie and I love how she bites her lower lips showing an obvious attraction towards Charles, unaware of his ulterior motif. I just knew that Amick girl would be destined to be a queen, but this would never be the case. Too bad because I'd welcome it in the genre and open arms. Determined yummy as menacing, sexy but vicious and mean brunette who wears out a whole police force and Tanya's poor parent in one failed swoop, in less than ten or so minutes. It sticks one at the back with a corn cob! She bites the fingers off poor Ron Perlman, before bravo her arm (a bone protruding), striking her unconscious and her own elbow! She launches Tanya's mother in a window after breaking a rose vase on her father's face! A deputy stabbed in his ear by Charles (Cop-Kebab!), Falling on the pencil for extra impact. Poor Tanya drawn by her hair from her home by Mary, driven into the Brady house, and forcing into an impromptu dance with the disabled monster! The sheriff is on a strike fence and we see how cats fight the sleepwalkers unlike people. We see Mary and Charles's ability to "dim" themselves with his machine using an invisibility power. Writer Stephen King even found time to set himself up with his best friend in a crime scene sequence with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as forensics officer, Joe Dante and John Landis as photo experts. Injections in a tongue-in-cheek, left-it-all-hang-out way and music appropriately relate to this technique at home. It's about ultra-violent, simple like that, with some bothersome behavior and jet black humor committing Garris's direction and the King's scenario. The incredible sleepwalkers angle is a bit jarring and in-your-face. Without a nest of complexity, this is closest to vein giving its own waiver MAXIMIMUM OVERDRIVE than its most serious work.
