Batman and Superman. Iconic. Best part of an old century. Who does not know of these? There must be countless of fans who would die to make a movie about them. Sandy Collora has gone ahead and put together a trailer for the movie (which does not exist, and is not created, much less in this team). Maybe that's the most it goes for it is how polished it is. Meanwhile, the cinematography is solid. Correction is spot-on. The production values, even with the costumes looking more like comics than those in the feature films feature these characters, are quite high. It looks like "Hollywood", this trailer. Physics fit for, as far as I can say, every single character. The lines are reasonably written. Vaccines are well-thought up, nicely achieved and fairly effective. However, this has problems, and in spite of good looking, it does not quite match the energy and skill at Grayson (which has only had the teeter-intestinal problem too much back and forth between a short and a trailer, as well as as brutal passion that leads to the inclusion of too many characters and ideas). The act is perhaps the most obvious. It's not good. Even some of those who have only one line and / or hardly appear on the entire screen manage to fail in delivering a good performance. The actors thrown into parties seem to have chosen more for how they look like the characters playing their talent. Then there is the writing. Really, the plot, well, what amount is less (this and this character team up, something about some evil plot ...) is fine. There is a problem in the characterization. While most characters seem to fit, De-Face is, well, as much as a cackling stripe (which is quite simply, as far as I understand, is not the character is) as it was in Batman Ever (and having your work on any element of the Batman universe compared to Joel Schumacher's efforts can be considered as the greatest insult of a fan. Also, put that character in this will cause comparisons between this trailer and That film (honestly, Collora is practically * begging for her and such a first seem revealing) to be made, and let's face it, that's lost in every respect. Michael Antonik is most definitely not owned the presence of the screen that Tommy Lee Jones does, and the make-up (which, in aforementioned reveal, is essential) is not as strong as this in the movie (whether it was good in the movie is another problem ) The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be far more in the comics, and get them, the depth They are better (not to mention possessing more of a capability to come up with convincing scheme .. Grayson has enough material for half a dozen or more feature films, Collora seems to be the one with access to money with someone who is more The chances of contact (on account of having no independent credit on his pornography) actually have a shot of making a real feature from his trailer. I intend to look at other Collora jobs. But Fiorella is one of the two whose jobs I will most definitely need to be most interested in. I recommend this fan of the characters. 7/10
