The "World's Finest" is a unique project. It's a trailer for a superman / Batman movie crossover that does not exist and will also never exist, at least not in this form, with these characters, actors and scheme lines anyway. So the movie is one big tease, even more than real movie trailer daily standards. The trailer will hype you all for nothing. In this regard, I really did not like this short project. When watching this trailer it makes you hungry and excited for more and at the same time sad- and maybe you'll even feel cheated after, when it seems that a full movie full of this trailer never exists at all. The sort makes you wonder why this project was done in the first place. Surprisingly demonstrated in Sandy Collora's skills but he could not have done this with a real short film, as his earlier film "Batman: Dead End". But when you must judge this short purely for what it is, so from a technical film point of view, it's a really great one. It's great looking and way more professional than you'll be perhaps the first one to expect, although those who have already seen "Batman: Dead End" will already know better than expecting a short and lying box, costumes cheap homemade and third- rate actors. The small button is not always impressive looking and obviously the budget was not sky-high but for most parts it is very impressive and professional looking, with beautiful costumes, sets, special effects, cinematography and lighting. Short has a good quick and typical trailer to build, and maybe a bit too many shot shots too completely get it credible but hey, it works well for the trailer style. It has some impressive shots, but also a couple of lame people, especially the sequel to fly superman. It was obvious that the guy was just standing in a moving car, with a camera aiming at it from one angle to the bottom. I even found it very mockingly to look. But really the best and more spectacular moment to really compensate for this. Michael O'Hearn seemed to be a great superman / Clark Kent, although he obviously is not the greatest actor around. Clark Bartram dared his Batman role quite well and Kurt Carley seemed like an awesome Lex Luthor. The rest of the cast also served purposefully enough .. It is especially interesting to watch this shortly after the latest modern reinterpretations of the main superheroes of this film, in the film "Batman Beginnings" and "Superman Returns". It is interesting to compare the style and character treatment of these movies with this one. It's actually amazing and fun to hear how Kurt Carley sounds like Kevin Spacey, the actor who played Lex Luthor's "Superman Returns". It's a good looking and well done and constructing trailer that will however make you hungry for more, even if you know that there will be more. Whatever happened to Waner Bros. plan to create an actual full length superman / Batman movie in the way? I thought the developments were on the way for a couple of years ago but nothing had been heard of it ever since. Instead, two newly divided Batman and Superman movies were made; "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". <br /> 7/10
