When John Wayne filmed his story Alamo he built a complete Alamo set in the city of Brackettsville, Texas which is still there and quite attraction to tourists. As long as this means, we will have a set of future Alamo interpretations for the screen. This one with Dennis Quaid and Billy Bob Thornton did in this century. <br /> But I would say to the Alamo: Thirteen days of glory is the best story of Alamo filmed I've seen. John Wayne's movie is a good if it's over-hyped, but it's a John Wayne movie and the redesigned story completes the screen character of John Wayne. Brian Keith plays Davy Crockett here and provides a fine interpretation of the rolling character character he was. <br /> It's a lot closer to Tinkle's book Tonkle's book on Alamo than the Wayne movie was and she read the years ago years ago I can attest that. Tinkle's book is listed as the source of both films, but Tinkle has been back then when the movie Wayne did and he was not happy with the result. Alec Baldwin was around the right age for young William Barrett Travis, the fighter idealist freedom that incidentally was a slave master. Back in the day no one saw the ironic contradiction of that. One of the things that has not been explored and did not drive to survive the sex travis. He was Casanova in the Southwest, even holding a salary newspaper of his libertarian conquest. But the man who still gets whitewashed is Jim Bowie, playing here by James Arness. He was a hero of the Alamo to be sure, but his career before the Alamo was that of a sore. It was a smuggler, a slave trader, an all around the people selling land he had doubts titles. But his heroic death certainly delivers him. No hint of which is to paint the Arness nor anyone else I've seen in Bowie on the screen. And of course he did draw the bowie knife, making his specifications. This person was needed as a weapon .. However, the main advantage of the Alamo: thirteen days of glory there is a full blown image of Antonio De Lopez of Santa Anna, the president of Mexico who comes personally put down the rebellion to the North Americans who came to settle in Texas in Mexican invitations. Unfortunately Americans have come up with some preconceptions about freedoms that just did not make it far south, at least freedom for white people. Raul Julia plays Santa Anna who remains an even more controversial figure in Mexican history. It was also quite the dishonest, but Mexico's best product was produced until a genuine reformer named Benito Juarez came along. This film was the performance I left in Lorne Greene which appeared briefly as General Sam Houston. Greene's not quite my conception of Houston, it really was way too old for the party, Houston was in her early forties in 1836, she was not yet patriarch of Texas. But within the limits imposed on him, Greene does a fine job. <br /> For a romantic saying in the story Alamo does not mean seeing John Wayne's version, but for my historical content I recommend this movie a lot.
