When you have a genre movie genre, a child of the 80 and a hard rock musician fan of this movie holds a special place in my heart. He has everything you might want in a supernatural film: action, great special effects (for 1986) and a guitar crying soundtrack soundtrack. He certainly was the movie for all the heavy metal fans of the time. I did not see this in the cinema because it has never been released teatrically over here ... but it's popularity on video during the midnight of late eighties it was its cult status and eventually led to a (unfortunately, mediocre) DVD released in 2002. If you're not a fan of creepy movies or rock music then this probably is not your cup of tea ... but, trust me, the worst film of this kind is out there ... and, despite the average acting and some ridiculous situations, trick or treatments are most definitely a supermarket rebeer over the usual horror fare. You will never look in the stereo or the like again. Or should I say MP3 players? <br /> <br /> TRIK OR DRAFT TRIVIA - Marc Price (Eddie) played geeky Skippy Handelman on the popular site comedy sitecom 'Family Links.' After a direct debate of video flop including 'little Tomatoes' Diabetes 'fed France' and 'Rescue' he gave up on acting to pursue a career in stand-up comedy. Recently, he considered a television rehearsal. <br /> <br /> Glen Morgan (Roger) is now a major Hollywood producer / senarist. He writes and produces several major films and TV series, including: 'Space: Above and Beyond''The X-Files''Final Destination''Jet Li's One''Willard' and Lately 'Final Destination 3 '. / / <br /> Tony Fields (Sammi) started his career career as a dancer on the TV series 'Solid Gold'. He appeared in several low-budget films and television shows before hosting his roles as Devilish Sammi Curr's 'Trick or Treat'. Unfortunately, Tony passed away on February 27, 1995 in related AIDS cancer. Doug Savant (Tim) is probably best remembered for his pioneering role in Matt Fielding's homosexual twentysomething on the popular 'Melrose Place' sitcom. Since then, she has a long and varied active career, appearing in the films and television series as: 'One''Godzilla''CSI: Stage crime investigations and short live Joss Whedon Sci-Fi series' Firefly' la. Currently, it can be seen as Tom Scavo on the 'Desperate Housewives' hit Crash'.
