I heard about this movie by watching the VH1 "100 Most Metal Moments." On the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a ceremony) and several other interviews discussed how terrible this terrible thing is. Unlike most people, I'm often more curious about checking out movies that are reputable for being ridiculous than saying, saying, a masterpiece of movies. The advantage of that sort of mood is half the time I find out that movies are nowhere near as bad as they say, and I end up enjoying them a lot more than I initially expected. That was my experience and "trick or treat." Now it's hard to make a movie about a young boy who receives messages from a heavy metal star star by playing one of his former record backs without squad people in the quotation. Sure, it's certainly a quaint site, but one that never did before! Give the filmmakers the point of originality for Pete's relief! If you seek to buy the DVD, there is no previous knowledge of the movie, do not be fooled into thinking Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. However, even if Simmons has an ingredient role, Ozzy makes a comic mess like a Reverend (right, a Reverend !!) who speak out against heavy metal. For one thing, it's funny to see Ozzy and short hair. And for another thing, you can not help but laugh at the irony. Sure, it's a cheap shot, but an effective one. The act is very good. I found the performance persuaded. The young characters are horribly clichéd. So expect the usual array of jocks and nerds. And as in each of these movies, the beautiful girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the main features of the marginalized, yet continuing to go out with her boyfriend boyfriend. Why is it going out with such a complete jerk in the first place? Because the plot needs an obstacle. There is no other reason. But I can not deny that one of my hobbies watched the evil jocks in the movies going down, since I was a high school defeat. The film kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is too conventional way and caused me to roll my eyes as there would be one predictable situation after another. But all the movie is not at all bad and definitely worth seeing on a rainy day. (7 out of 10)
