The undoubtedly heavy metal heavyweight article made in the 80's manically headbangin, which is admittedly sounds as much considering how completely abysmal many enter into this odd little sub-genre film such as "Zombie Rock Hard," " Blood Tracks, "" Terror on Tour, "and especially ungodly Jon-Mikl Thor-starring Stinker's" Rock'n'Roll Nightmare "had to be. Aside, this one still deserves accessory for downplaying too much splash and unusually flashy f / x razzle-dazzle eyes in favor of focusing on high school teen characters that are shown with greater acuity and plausibility than the norm for a teen The mid-target scary 80. In addition, the sardonic parodying film at both hospital hackers has overwhelmed the 80's and smashed the self-righteousness of the stupid conservative killjoy stiffs that claimed the devil's music was very smart and about money The comedy (Famous Greed December heavy metal metal Ozzy Osbourne has a bit hilarious as an anti-metal TV evangelist!). Marc Price (skrupulously be Skippy's about "family relationships") gives a surprisingly powerful performance and win as Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer, a geeky, socially awkward and heavily persecuted heavy metal poster that is still being taken over by the preppie pre-couple couple which makes up the majority of the student body at Lakeridge High School (the cruelty and mean-spiritedness of high school kids is studded with high-precision drugs). Eddie's life takes a turn for the worse when his stone image stars Sammi Curr (an impressive-out position from Tony Fields) perished in a hotel fire. Hip local disc jockey Nuke (KISS before-man Gene Simmons in a cool cameras) Hook Eddie up with the latest album, Unreleased Sammi, which when playing back resuscitated Curr's spirits came back from the dead. Sammi encourages Eddie to read about all the vicious scumbags that make Eddie's poor life poison to the proverbial, only to be gracious Eddie proves to be a most reluctant to be accomplice. It's up to Eddie, who helped by girls pretty girl Leslie Graham (love discretion by the beautiful Orgolini Lisa), to stop Sammi before things get too out of hand. Ably led and thoughtful and sensitive by character actor Charles Martin Smith (who also briefly appeared as a nerdy school teacher), smartly written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson, and Rhet Topham, and ability to act by an accurate up-to-wet throw, surefire travelers even come complete with a handful of "jump" debris (an outrageous attack on the back of a car by a grotesquely lecherous long-tongued mutant thingie rate as a definite highlight), a sexual "Carrie" -style sequence sequence dance school, a neatly used Halloween environment, revenge that was shown correctly as a really ugly business, with a strong central message that you should not make someone Your particular on-hyped hero is forbidden because of the anti- posturing posture affirmation of fellow skilled personality that special status.
