The best film about the Battle of San Antonio, Texas in March 1836, was the 1960s John Wayne of the ALAMO. In one shot job as producer director, temporarily funding his hobby, Wayne has demonstrated that he has the film's talent to make out of his icon-like ability to act as the West. <br /> I commented on that movie in a night review at other, and I noticed that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the senarist) had kicked some points that were barely mentioned in earlier films about the fight. They were brought to the problem of slavery. They finally discussed the Mexican Mexican contribution Juan Seguin as an important leader in the Independence War on par with Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin, and Houston. <br /> But there was one weakness (though well hidden) in the movie. Wayne worked hard to throw it out, thinking many people for the lead role in it. But he did not properly handle the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role played by a dark actor, Ruben Padilla (on this table, his filing shows only three credits listed). Padilla did not have any dialogue dialogue (even in Spanish). And while he was one of the last shots of the movie, he just showed up as a silent tyrant, observing burning in the bodies of Americans and allies. <br /> <br /> Despite the many poor choices in the casting of this TV movie (ALAMO: THIRTEEN DAY FOR COMPANY), it is the best movie of man shows (from 1836 to 1854) a leading bogeyman of musicians American policy. Raul Julia was a wonderful stage actor. I was fortunate to see him in a production (by the late 1980s) in arms and man in Manhattan, as Sergius. He was never boring, and usually the first percentage of his acting. <br /> <br /> Here we see the egotist monster in his worst. Nothing is acceptable that does not fit Santa's wishes or activities. It may be the failure of an order in the army to carry some items he asked fast enough, or he can be tempted by these "alien brigands" (as he saw the Americans) by not knuckling down to his heart, "Napoleon's The West ". Santa Anna was President of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He stated that he had first participated in reversing a President because President did not live up to the constitution of the country, but the power that held him away year after year. It is a sad source that he has been leading Mexican historical figures in the two decades. There are no political figures or military figures likely to climb on it until Benito Juarez did in late 1850. Initially, he stated that the great liberal ideals, but he once admitted that Mexican people were kids who needed advice for a hundred years before they could lead themselves (and so it sounds like Gilbert Roland's crisis talk about people he helped lead against Jose Ferrer). The amazing thing about it was he managed to keep coming back. Political disaster. While we know about his attack on Texas (set down a riot), he also tried to expand into Guatamala (and probably saw himself controlling much of Central America). It was in the Alamo, but at great cost in life. His massacre at Colan Fannin's boyfriend in Goliad was unbelievable (one might make a case for the destruction of the advocates of the Alamo who fought the last, but Fannin was handed over). Then came the disaster in San Jacinto, where his army was wiped out (he failed to take adequate precautions to look for the American troops). He was captured, humiliated, and forced to sign a surrender in Texas. Houston was good for her: the soldiers wanted to tear her up. <br /> <br /> Except for losing a leg in a fight against the French in 1838, he managed not to get injured in most of his wars. He denied the forced surrender of Texas, but he could not be military to suffer. Instead, he would lead Mexico to defeat in the war in 1846 - 48 against the Americans, leading to the Mexican Session. The US was "decent" enough to pay Mexico $ 15 million to the Southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. It should be President for the last time in 1853, in the time of Franklin Pierce's frankly irresponsible administration at a time of glory - Santa Anna sells the border in Arizona and New Mexico ("buy in Gadsden") in the US No other Mexican President (not even Porfirio Diaz) has ever listened to his country (Diaz was sold out of foreign business interest, but he built Mexico's economic power). He was exiled in 1855, and lived in Staten Island. He has managed to make his most creative work: it presents chic in the U.S., and it has become gum gum. There are some achievements! Santa Julia's Santa is less than practicing the cynic and schemer that has become the best country to buy America's silvery country. He will not stand up for his opposition to the anger of anger at a moment's notice. Most of his master's assistant, Col. Black (David Ogden Stiers, here a British officer is born) holding his tongue - he does not want them in front of a squad shot as he could. But Stiers is secretly less enchanted by his boss. In the end, when alone with the newly deceived wives of the Alamo dead defenders, Stiers suggests that the world says what Santa Anna is really like. And they did!
