Zabriskie Point often considers it Antonioni's political film, the American film Antonioni. Stylish, it follows costume after "Blow-Up", meaning that the pace is faster than the previous era, though certainly not less idiosyncratic. <br /> <br /> Basically the common mistake is that the movie glorifies the hippie generation. Not so. <br /> <br /> Two protagonists from vastly different settings. Mark from the "rebel" youth, Daria from a corporate agency to real estate. But in true Antonioni fashion, they are both alienated, both trying to escape their environment. Mark left a meeting of rebellious students with Black Panthers disappointed with the speechless speech, while Daria kept anxiety about being on the move and his car. <br /> <br /> Antionioni, the master director, after showing the rebel youth as confused and deep, then moving to the city. An environment that is saturated by corporatism, poster advertising, senses, which has been expanding to accommodate the same expansion of the population, generating a profit at the same time. It is this setting that the two protagonists are saved from, though it seems mostly out of coincidence. <br /> <br /> Indeed, when Daria stops by a small village in the outskirts of the desert, the environment is just as suffocating, and the people just as lost their case, best shown by an ancient boxing champion , now reduced to a shadow of itself, sitting around drinking and smoking and talking nonsense. A stunning, stunning sequel, made even more powerful and inclusive of some half-living children living around, brought to some "beneficial" but "destroying a genuine piece of American history". In a not-so-so-called symbolism, Antonioni's opinion is about hypnosis. Just a half positive glimpse into the fabric of human alienation. Then there is the desert, the landscape uses devastating effects, does not turn earlier and terrifying, primitive, wild and dead. The sequence where the two protagonists make love, "together" in fantasy by the "generation" flower reflects the same sequence of "Red Desert", where Giuliana tells his son a story. It is a colorful interior in a colorless landscape. A lively half-fantasy in a surprising reality. The finite probably belongs to the pantheon of big phenols in movies, the Western civilization blown into pieces. A katharsis, an exorcism. <br /> The antionioni of "international" films (British "Blow-Up" and the American "Zabriskie Point") are much less effective than the ancient rulers, but that is largely because of the faster speed and the inevitably settings converted (balanced London, flower-power America). But when it comes down to it, it's clear he has not lost the edge.
