I must admit I've always found it hard to watch an Antonioni movie from beginning to finish in the first try, and even for this one, I ended up watching it in three parts on repeated occasions. In the end, I realized maybe it was the best way, because he was forced to stop thinking of the usual terms of conspiracy and just enjoy the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part looks a lot more fragments, which is not a bad thing, it just requires more of an effort to follow. When it comes to the desert scene, all efforts are being repaid in full. The stunning sensation is only part of it, what really makes it all unforgettable is how the scenery is made in an overwhelming presence, the silence and vastness of it, the sense of sadness and freedom, the way it fuses and contrasts with two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels less distant and alien than the urban scene in the first part. Dance between the aircraft flying on and the girl car makes for a series of great shots. The scenes of love in the desert are simply beautiful, it's hard to imagine this kind of approach from a movie of our time. There is of course something very stylish and studied, but at the same time they manage to express a sense of natural, spontaneous inundation that is very rare these days. It all feels loose and unscripted (thanks also to the understated act), but this is the result of a maniacal attention to details and shapes, which comes to its largest in the series of explosions in the end, a really fascinating spectacle. It just leaves you in awe. <br /> I do not really care for some of the usual objections: boring - well, yes, it is, if you want all the films to follow a classic plot development and be loaded with action twists, but then if all Cinema was like that, which would be really dull and sad; Pretention - perhaps, but when that kind of ambitious is coupled with real, in-depth skills, and style, firefighters is a compliment. "Political criticisms" make sense to my younger, I do not see the point of approaching a movie like this with ideological or emotional blindness, patriotic condition. It just defeats the goal. Perhaps it is true that, as a comment previously noted, Antonioni sees these youths 'hippies' and the political manifestation and rioting with the police and the passion of an alien, but I think adding something rather than extending from film in. It is not true that hippies did not exist in Italy at the time (think of the '68 manifestations, such as in France), although they were obviously different from the American counterpart and in some even more militant ways. But his interest in this film was not narrowly political. The events seem more like an apology for a movie that has appeal to have a universal, timeless quality. <br /> A special mention for the fantastic band. Among other things, this film, along with Easy Rider, is probably one of the earliest predecessors of the contemporary 'music' music video as well as the concept of a movie band that would stand on its own, but unlike ancient In addition, he uses music in a more subtle way, mixing it with the landscape rather than the action. <br /> <br /> If you want traditional narrative in a movie, then do not bother. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you will not regret it.
