When this movie was done, the hippie thing went mainstream. The ideas of the counter culture were well established, that is why such a big movie could be done. But it has something to say, and it is said really nice. Apart from people who are just waiting for the wanking material, this film is giving credit to its beautiful scene (which itself is more than enough reason to see the movie) by the most. The soundtrack of this movie, which actually became more popular than the movie itself, is another plus. Pink Floyd's "Caution with this ax Eugene" really suits and explosions, the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a nice quiet mood. Men. It looks as if the messages in this movie were neglected by the most. If you did not understand it, which seems to be the case for the most, I'll give you some suggestions: The man (hard guy, what ever his name is-Mark?) Is part of a " group of facts ". He left this group saying something like "I want to die but not in boredom" He later went for a joyride and a thief plane, probably looking for some action. As it is in the air, the Star Star is grateful Dead (from the Live / Dead album) played (I think). This song has the phrase "Are we going to you and me while we can," this is even if not heard in the movie. (Perhaps stretching it a bit too far meaning quote is essential?) In the plane, he checks up a girl (Daria), who is driving his car at a conference (about giving typical family suburban opportunities to live in a super-relaxing place in the desert, where everything is so simple and beautiful.For the whole family!), Do not dive down, almost hit the car. He lands the plane, and joins the girl on his way to Detroit. They stop at Zabriskie points, where they enjoy each other as living creatures and nature. And a family with a large car (two types of sleep) and a speed boat showed Zabriskie Point visit to the father saying something like "that a desert drive all the way up here," and young The goat sits inside the car, smiling. I felt a "this was not much better than the telely" -action. Daria takes Mark back to the plane that is now painted in a psychedelic style, and the identity number changes to "no wars" on one side and "no word" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark took the plane back to where he stole it from, saying Daria before leaving "I'm not risking anything" or something, one of several tips on it does not care too much about his destiny. (This because he feels that the surrounding environment does not give him anything - "I wonder what's going on in the real world") At the airport he met by police officers who shoot him though he just was return the plane. Daria hears this on the radio, but decides to go to the conference of the fancy castle. Here he feels alien after the adventures and friends just kill him. She enjoys cool water running down a rock, over the swimming pool. Inside the visualizer is once again giving a hint of anti-materialism-It looks like a glass wall, holding his hand on the mirror as it was trapped. Businessmen see to discuss, the one side wants to make a big deal, the other pair of losing money. Daria left home and looks back at her, visualizing it blowing up. After the house, several other things blow up, for example a TV. She smiles, happy she's inside herself to destroy her after the meeting with Mark look at as something negative. <br /> <br /> For summary: Mark obviously experienced the "reality band" as not very helpful as they just sat down and talk, doing no action. It clearly has bad feelings about things that they are, and it seems like it feels that it does not use the fight against it. He wants to leave. It helps Daria, who "in mind, but not in action" sees his point of view. Where feels he was misfitted to turn out to his death, one can expect Daria to use their ideas in a way that will turn out to be more constructive. In the movie you see how a city (LA) is being polluted in commercial (too bad you have to show the commercial to make the point), you see business people decide what is in the future, and tight and you See people being happy with these and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> I've only seen the movie once, so I did not keep all points, but I certainly got a feeling of what this movie said, and I find it strange that this movie can be called meaningless. If you say the points were too obvious, I can see why, this movie probably intended to appeal to the post-hippie radicals "digging" their thoughts into anti-settlement. Though, he has a lot to say, and his message is still needed today, things are very beautiful in the same direction as he did before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a really great movie, telling a story about normal young people (not far from hippie tipping around toe tips, digging everything) seeking those poppies as real, satisfied with the conventional. And it is done in a really nice way.
