I said he was one of the people "either you love it or hate it" movies. Well, I loved it. Evident hippie-era, dated and symbolic easily with all. So I probably have no taste at all when it comes to Antonioni, but that's with La Not (did exactly a decade earlier) is my favorites among his movies so far. Made two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point was supposed to have been great Michelangelo in American seasons. But apparently, she turned out to be a flop. I really can not see why. Before watching it I would read that it was rather boring, so I braced myself for a very slow film - though I loved my movie a bit slow. For my taste, Zabriskie did not have a tiring minute of it. While watching her, I made a mental note about how European was on the part of the director for making frequent use of billboards advertisement in almost every city scene, enormous board boards that formed any human form of eye . This visual recurrent component is obviously there to emphasize the way that crush consumption of people in American society. But then I look L'Eclisse straight after that, which is set in Rome in the early 60s, and noticed that Antonioni often included bulletin boards in it as well. After all, the use of mastery of architectural landscapes, and inanimate objects in each frame and or without human beings is a trademark Antonioni ?? This is precisely the way that it recalls its psychological state of its character, with more or less understated powers and great visual impacts. It is usually unsurpassed in this skill. <br /> Zabriskie Point plays two very appealing leads that should become big stars in the 70s, but never did. Mark Frechette, whom I would already see in the FMI FM film FM Controls Francesco Rosi, had a very tragic life and died of just 27 years. According to his biography page, he gave $ 60,000 of his salary to Zabriskie commune. Mark Co-star Daria Halprin, apparently Dennis Hopper's wife later on, has the stunning, natural beauty and appeal of a young Ornella Muti ?? One of these beautiful glow does not need a little bit of make-up to turn them up. Like Frechette, he only honored a couple of dark movies and never became a star, but at least he did not die tragically. Most notably, Zabriskie Point has one of the original sex scenes that ever filmed - one that brings home a sense of juvenile playfulness as some I've seen - as well as a finished end of coconut. It can be the most banal sequence ever filmed as far as its senbism goes, but I can not see how anyone can refuse its beauty and wonderful sense of emotional release. Never has a blast look so good, and so poetic. It seems to be an explosion that restores order rather than bringing chaos.
