There are not too many times when I see a movie and go, "huh, what?" But this was one of them. Maybe after seeing Zabriskie Point I felt so much as Woody Allen felt after she saw 2001 - she only loved the movie after seeing her three times over a period of years, to realize the movie was in front of her what went on. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few attempts to film the United States (after Red Desert, he was blown-up, this movie, China, and the passenger, all filmed outside of Italy), I could sense he almost tried to learn about the way in the country of his own mastery of the medium. The results show that it does not lack the means to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds, and a visual representation of that era. "A director's job is to see," Antonioni once stated. Whatever it means, it does not disappoint the admirer of his post-fifty job (I said post-fifty since I still saw any of his films in L'Avventura). What he lacking is a point, at least point out that he can bring to blow-up with the Eclipse. You get the feeling of what around these characters, what the terms are to carry out their consciousness, however in this case the characters and actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, from the school of hard-hit, neo-realistic film-making, does what he can and his mostly non-professional cast (those who look more like real actors are subjugating their role in the corporate characters), but The two star Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem as if the under-headed Antonioni. Perhaps that was the point. Getting the story of three acts, fortunately not too confusing, as Mark saves his existence around boiling, the dangerous life campus is happening in the late 60's late end, and Daria is sent from LA to drive to Phoenix for some business meetings . They meet by chance as Mark's aircraft (how does he know how to drive, maybe a little info info?) And Daria's cars meet up and spend some time together in an exotic kind of groove out of the desert . Aside from a fascinating stylist if scene scenes are scarce, much of this act is not terribly interesting. <br /> <br /> The two drivers are just enough to look at, but what exactly draws them to each other outside of curiosity? The ideas that come out (in part from a co-written scenario by Sam Shepard) are not too revealing, except for an instant instant one where drugs vs reality is up. Then the top film towards the third act, as Mark decides to do what's right, under disaster circumstances, and Daria arrives at his boss' place, only to be in complete execution (not taking into account five infamous the last minute or so the movie). Although the movie took its time to tell its story, I did not have as much of a problem and as I did that the story only engages a certain kind of viewer. I understand and empathize with feelings and doubts and fears as well as self-confidence in the "anti-establishment", but maybe Antonioni is not fully aware of it himself. In some scenes as director and editor (and the movie often surprised by Alfio Contini) to find the scenery with more enlightening and fixing backgrounds than those in the foreground. By technical technique at Zabriskie Point does not involve a degree (this can make some drowsy feel, as Antonioni is probably far greater than a documentary cinema as it is a theater director such as Francis Ford Coppola says). <br /> <br /> The desserts, sky, city, and even the faces of the pre-ups are filmed and the eye of a movie artist in love with the art of getting things in We're in the band is equally compelling, with a stroke master including a sweet Rolling Stones song at one point, and then a crush, surreal Pink Floyd song (re-titled in 'Attention to that Eugene Axe , one of the best pre-Black Side) in the sequence explosion. If only the performance was not so one-sided I might find this to be on par with Blow-Up or Eclipse. It is an original stroke of engineering on one hand, and on the other takes a bore on what was the hippest / radical movement in late 60's. But hey, which can be boring for an American like myself born in the eighties can not give others outside the US, as saying, Italy. And he asked them not to abandon right after one look.
