I know that this is an unpopular position regarding Zabriskie Point, but I love this movie. I know, I know - I can legitimately be called an Antonioni fan. I Love L'Avventura, I Love La Notte, I Love L'Eclisse, I Love Red Desert, I Love Blowup, and I Love Professional: Reporter (aka Passenger). The film Antonioni only that I do not like, the only one I've ever given less than an 8/10 (and one of only three that I gave less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse were two , though I fully recognize that I have to see both of them again), Beyond the Clouds, which can be fair to be called a terrible movie. However, there is no better movie movie, if you catch my drift. So if you're not an Antonioni fan, you should only logically ignore me. If you're even a casual fan, though, and you're wondering whether this movie is in particular, whose name, when speaking, is often followed by a spit, which is generally despised by Antonioni's admirers, all of which is worth seeing, the answer is YES. <br /> Okay, the reason that they tend to hate it is because 99% of the wires guard care ONLY for the narrative of a movie. Well, that's not exactly true. If an amazing movie in a particle aspect, say acting or cinematography or direction, and just decent in its narrative, film monitors can very well love it. But a movie can be the most amazing visual and have a lame or logical history - that's another thing that has lost the movie about the years: logic - then they absolutely hate the movie. I'll actually agree with that in some ways. As much as I can flu it and want to change my look, it's really hard to like a movie that has narrative I see as poor. However, others tend to get annoyed in a loose narrative. This is certainly to be driving viewers away from Zabriskie Point. I could tell the story for you, but you probably thought it was safe. It is, actually, but, me, that just has made the whole more fantastic and beautiful endeavor. I would actually compare it favorably to 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001 is perfectly coherent compared with the rambling narrative of this film. <br /> What Zabriskie Point has in beads is mood. Music helps a lot; The note includes a lot of acts of the day, including Pink Floyd. The atmosphere is similar to the humor of Antonioni's other princes, full of loneliness and desolation. Also freedom from that. The best sequel to the movie is when the lead man and woman (his name is Daria, I know, but I do not remember his name) pulled on to the cars next to a historic marker on a deserted highway. There, beyond the stone wall built built car from the fly, an ancient lakebed. It's basically a rocky desert, and the two go to play in it. The environment is enormously beautiful. The woman said: "This is a wonderful place. What do you think?" The man: "I think he's dead." There is no inclination if it's a good thing or something wrong. This is a lot like feeling expressed in other Antonioni films - the characters are still wanting to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of the passenger, fed up with journalists, we have the young hippies sick of his friends policy - he thinks they talk too much and does not act out what they feel is right, or at least say it does. It seems to me more like he just wanted out of the situation. The movie is simply amazing. Antonioni's films are all identified by just a few frames, but his visual style has always been built. I love the passenger more than I do Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point might be her final accomplishment. Well, that might sound odd - L'Avventura and Red Desert are amazingly pictorially. I think it is the camera that is particularly amazing here. It obviously made a ton of money on Blowup, which was the biggest hit attraction in its day, the largest ever at that point. He spends it well here, especially with his aerial shots. One of the major sequences of the movie involves the man, who stole a private aircraft, Daria scales-bombers in his car. <br /> <br /> One thing that can justify criticism is film policy. They're certainly easy. Not that hippies were easy, but Antonion's vision of hippies - there was no in Italy, of course - are scarce, and, well, filtered into a stranger's eye. There's a rather critique of adult children, but it's a criticism that still exists today. I say, are not people just ignoring it? What does it hurt? Do you walk around buying things you do not want because of billboards? Or there is also criticism against capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that steals the land in the desert - the country that he and the man enjoyed themselves - in order to make cheap, suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very renowned actor who has the most popular roles in the machine with time and birds, plays his boss. The finish, which I will not ruin - you've seen it - is almost inexpensive cheap. I can, though, understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I disregard them generally, but they were terrible at the time. They can still be terrible now. They always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These arguments too against the American way of life still do not affect my opinion in the movie. I find that filtering look in America is very interesting. I really do not think a hippie would agree with Antonioni. 10/10.
