Around two hundred members of a Cleveland, Ohio USA film society, named Cinematheque, gathered on August 19, 2000 to see a primitive Cinemascope printer of the 1970 Michelangelo Antonioni movie, "Zabriskie Point." Cinematheque Director John Ewing, who did a superlative job in finding the finest imprints for his series, shared with the audience in advance that this print was specially flying out from Italy for this one shows only. held spellbound as the movie unfolds its artist on the big panoramic screen. Watching this superb print, showing how Antonioni's intended purpose, made one know that this is true of a modern artwork. It was all the more fitting that the series housed at the Cleveland Unit of Art at University Circle. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's composition is created for Cinemascope landscape. Swinging her beautiful image, striking use of color, sweeping choreography, all is the work of a genuine artist, using the screen as her fabric. <br /> <br /> At the latest hearing could be understood "Zabriskie Point." As its narrative unfolds, it has become obvious that this work is not about history for everybody, but rather takes an artist's impression on imagining images into his subject. The setting of some of the more turbulent activities of the sixties provide only a dramatic engine for sweeping the artist's sweeping. <br /> <br /> Antonioni not tied to conventional normal standards, and can pause at any point creativity embroidery an event with enchanting fertilizers. The audience wanted to go with the flow of his remarkable imagination, as his great image on the massive fabric held one of quick attention. While the hearing can only be tangentially involved in character relationships, it realizes the term here is Human Allocation, the term renewable term. <br /> It also realizes that there is no print any smaller or smaller than this one original of Cinemascope can do this justice in particular. The audience was therefore all the more appreciation of the "Zabriskie Point" look at its original, enchanting format, and breaking into heavy thunderstorms at the end.
