If Saura did not do anything like this before, Iberia would be an important step. Now, he still deserves the inclusion of honoring a great director and a great cinema conservator of Hispanic culture, but he did so much like this before, and even though we can beat the wealth he has given us, we must choose and choose favorites and highlights among the same films including Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose the 1995 Flamenco Saura as its most unique and potent cultural heritage, besides which Iberia pals. Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of the music of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and in particular his "Iberia" suite for piano. Isaac Albéniz was a great contributor to the outsourcing of Hispanic musical culture - re-formating it for a non-Hispanic audience. He moved to France in his early 30s and was influenced by French composers. Its "Iberia" suite is an imaginative synthesis of popular Spanish music and the styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled around making his composition, which is a kind of nice standardization of Spanish rhythms and melody, not as homogenized as Bolero Ravel, but moving in that direction. Of course, the Spanish rested Albéniz, and in Iberia, the performers reinterpret his compositions in terms of diverse ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is a tamed and diluted form of Spanish culture and dance culture compared to the authentic Spanish flamenco genius. Flamenco, from the region of Andalusia, is an amalgam deeply felt in Gitane, Hispano-Arabic, and Jewish culture. Iberia is simply the peninsula including Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; The concept is much more diluted. Flamenco Saura is a strange mix of intense music, songs, dance and peacock style of noble nobility that is the essence of Spanish style, the way a man and woman bring themselves or herself and Pride jumps over arrogance and elegance and panache - even bulls and the movements of the turret are full of it - in a series of electric sequences without introduction or conclusion; they are just. Saura always emphasizes the staginess of its collaboration with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his 1995 flamenco, he dropped any lender in a story and simply had musicians, singers, and dancers moving on and on a great sound and beautiful lighting and screen, flats, and mirrors arranged by Cinematographer Vittorio Storaro, another in important Spanish collaborators to collaborators. The beginning and end of the sequence of flamenco are often rough, but atmospheric, marked only by the rumble and lashing of melting stalks and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the movie holds food when a performance is over and you see the dancer bend over, sighing, or laughing; or someone just unexpectedly to say something. In Flamenco more than any of the other music films in Saura are interactions, intense intensities of musicians and dancers and rhythmically applauding the participants shouting instead of the "story" and creating the magic. Because Saura was really making magic, and perhaps better so when he dropped any sort of conventional story. Iberia is in a style similar to some of Saura's own movies: there is no narration, no dialogue, only the titles indicate the type of song or region, starting with a musical pianist playing albeniz gradually and gradually move in a series of dance sequences and a little song. In flamenco music, the fundamental element is the exclusive voice, and that voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. It relates to other songs in other ethnicities, but there is nothing quite equal to its raccoon rhythmic unique ugly-cute crying that challenges you to do anything but listen to it with the closest attention. Then come the stick and the stomping foot, and then the dance, combined with the other elements. There are only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you love the Flamenco Saura, you'll want to see Iberia, but you'll be a bit ashamed. The style is there; some of the great voices and dancing with music are there. But Iberia's source and conception inspire it to a lesser degree of power and make it a less cultural and intense cultural experience.
