I'm a bit controversial. The show is about one but awful, the act is awful (even when we find current unnamed actors such as Brad Pitt and Bill Moseley in one episode), the dialogue is moron and the quote / moral of every episode feels like something rose from a 50s short education. There is no way you will be scared for a moment in any of these episodes, with Robert Englund's camera being short, useless and coral in a sort of a Bob Saget on America's Funniest Home Videos. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> On the other hand this is one of these funniest things forever on TV. Modern 80's, soft focus makes the actors look like they are on the view series at all times, the local borrowers much more material in self-immodesty than crisis, so we're leaving with an episode where a kid kid High is scary if she fails to sat it's his girlfriend will throw him and his parents abandon him, another is scared he will be locked up in prison because he is a substandard mother (her husband played by Brad Pit) Another is scary that all the parents in the world are in league against him when he runs away from home, another is afraid he will be confused with his socially-delayed twin, another is scared if he does not break his mother, and his father's father will get killed to have a part of his home. The list goes on and over. <br /> Being that of my dreams I suppose you could watch past the funny points and devices, but they're so out of the left field that there's no opportunity for the writers to actually scare audience lan. You have characters dressed as something from a 80s-themed nightmare to wander around to deliver bad dialogue in very hostile fashion and make logical decisions that serve no other purpose but to move the next story to the sadest point (typically it watching as a peripheral character doing something uncharacteristic in a sane person while our main character stares aghast and too shocked to do anything about it). <br /> If you are looking for something that will scare you stay away. If you are looking, on the other hand, for one of these funniest things from the 80s at all times. Look at it. It has been shown on Chiller TV lately (pretty much every day) and I've been watching, sooner from morbid curiosity, and now just so I can get a good laugh every day. With Arrested Development and Extracts in the air this is officially the funniest thing about TV now.
