I still have venoms, late night, no-cable, tasty basic VHS in this show from waaaaaayyyy back when, late-night-advertising and all, when I'd stay up to whatever hour's era would slap This show over - just so I could tape it. <br /> <br /> The series was not really about Freddy Kreuger - only the first couple of episodes actually involved him as anything but a Rod Serling-Inquire announcer. Instead, each episode was a different nightmare, using the traditional horror themes of terrible little children, dating, cannibalism, dating, money, death, dating, and ... hmm ... dating. Episode where a young boy accidentally says "I'll love you forever" to the evil girl, and she stuck to it (literally, at least for a moment, they grow together ...), in one of where a young stewardess goes home with a strange man, only to find himself in his cabin, where he has a full throttle room of other stewardesses, and one I only vaguely reminiscent of comparing blind date hockey (with the injuries and penalties that go with it) - dating was definitely the creepy thing in the series. <br /> An episode was Jeffrey Combs (Re-Animator, etc.) as a pizza trader motivated with a delicious new secret ingredient. Not original, but still creepy and fun .... <br /> Even so, some of the episodes were great. My personal favorite was "It's a miserable life" where a young man stops working in his parent's burger joint, when he wants to go to college. Glued to himself and show little puppet and old cheeseburgers - until a late night when a strange guy comes to the drive in and suddenly his life is not the same. No, not Freddy, just a Thug with a gun - turns out all the mind-blowing episode is just that - the last thoughts that go through the kid's head ... along with a bullet. The second half of the same episode (many of the Freddie Nightmare episodes were essentially two vaguely connected little stories) following his girlfriend, who was injured, but not dead in the drive, and who was taken off "The hospital in heck" - they are inflated in all the most creepy launch guards, and then some - from accidentally have your mouth sew close - or wake up during a surgery - have your dead boyfriend to try and lure you're in the morgue for a little caressing. /> <br /> Again, that was my favorite. <br /> <br /> Some of the episodes have been much dumber, as most of the ONES are being made available on video. They put these crummy out as representatives of the series, and then nobody loves them, thinks the show sten, and then they do not put any more on video. It's a miserable life is only available on DVD PAL in England - but I'm still going to buy it.
