"Home Room" like "Zero Day" and "Elephant", inspired by the recent wave of school shooting. But unlike the other two films, "Home Room" focuses on two survivors (by the shooters or dead people) in the aftermath of a shoot. Make it less explosive and more useful because little effort is wasted in asking questions with no response. <br /> Do not give up on this little movie for the first 20 minutes, it would be supposed to set up the real story but play like a "Hill Street Blues" episode. He is lame but wearing it, at least it lengthens the pound length enough to get the movie classified as a feature. I recommend jumping this totally and just jumping in front of the hospital-nothing scene here that you can not pick up from the rest of the movie. Like a lot of this cute little movie was creativity a one-person show as Paul F. Ryan was both the writer and the director. While this arrangement does not guarantee a good movie, it is usually a good sign because it will mean a certain unit of construction and execution that is often lacking in dramatic budget characteristics. Because the script in "Home Room" is its real strength it is likely that the writer also executes the production and assurance that his vision made him on the screen. Ryan takes a great chance and finishes that test the limitations of average sensitivity to indulgence. It runs it up to the edge, but against all the logic leaves you cry instead of cringing. Why the work ends is some combination of the audience needed for a reward at the end of this type of trip, this song (Sarah McLaughlin's "Sweet Surrender") goes out on, with the amazing editing of the final minute. The <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The other strength of the film is the casting of Busy Phillips (Alicia) and Erika Christensen (Deanna) as their protagonists. Although Phillips plays his standard marginalized teens and her smart daughter Christensen in a good family, they both carry more intensity in their roles than before. Family life both girls are more than satisfaction and little interest Ryan. What's happening here is all about two of them despite a bang side story about a police detective asking around town trying to tie Alicia the Lone shooter. If they ever re-cut and movie films in this story side should be condensed. <br /> A story about two very unparalleled bonding girls and helping each other is hardly a novel idea and Ryan could easily spread this movie into cliché and predictability. But rather than his script they are engaged in a fascinating and convincing spell match, slowly chipping away from each other and sharing moments of vulnerability, only in retreat back inside themselves. Deanna's "I'll die inside" line just tears in your eye-I can not think of a moment from any other movie that I felt as intensely as one. It desperately needs a connection that Alicia just desperately resists. Deanna only makes her retirement progress. The viewer keeps hoping to hug the group that does not seem to happen. <br /> <br /> Finally this does not only generate a lot of suspense, but let you admire a prestigious both characters and actresses who have brought them to life. <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm only a kid.
