I first came across 'Tutor Friends' I accidentally one or two years ago while watching TV. Before that, I would never watch any Korean movie ever in my life, so MTF was really the first Korean movie I ever watched. And what a surprise surprise! I was well amused from the beginning to end, and she had a great time laughing. Its comic style is quite different from those of the Hong Kong comic movies (which I have been used throughout my life and hence tired of as well), breathing fresh air into my watch movie humdrum movie. I thought that there are a few scenes and tricks in MTF that are very hilarious, witty, and original too. <br /> I looked MTF a second time a few days ago, and looked at it once, the surprise effect / humor on my kind in lowering. That, however, has no means affect my negative opinion in the movie. Instead, another thing came at that time - he moved me - the story of how two young, seemingly 'enemies' who are incompatible to get thrown together, and how to gradually solve their differences and start to care for each other without realizing the feelings themselves, remind me of the days gone by high school. For me, Su Wan and Ji Hoon are actually compatible as they both have something more and genuine inside, a quality that separates them from those who say, the Honey sassy surprise girlfriend. divided into two different parts - the first part deals with the 'fight' between Su Wan and Ji Hoon, and it is more violent and faster in speed. After Ji Hoon gets a pass on his final exam and Su Wan dance (in Ji Hoon's views) provocative dance, things begin to change. The speed slows down and ... Ji Hoon suddenly realized he cared for Su Wan more than he could ever imagine. Thus, the 2nd part deals with the development of mutual sentiments, which leads to the course of a happy ending accompanied by a final confrontation with gang boss. <br /> <br /> Just a recent comment. I found this to be a bit incredible - the fact that a 21-year-old-proclaimed 'bad boy' would feel embarrassed to have been almost naked in front of the girl she bullets and lost 'cool' it's just a little. ... odd. I guess that Ji Hoon is just a boy in the heart and is not really what his appearance looks like. Bw, Kwong San Woo (Ji Hoon) has a sexy body and perfect face! ;-) <br /> <br /> MTF is definitely on my list of top 10 favorite films of all time.
