What a beautiful movie, film "Stardust" movie. <br /> I could easily end it with one statement and say enough, one could take it as a very strong recommendation to go see it. > <br /> At a time when Hollywood looks down on forced remade and ending our throat, "Stardust" reminds us why we go to the movie in the first place - to save reality for a couple of hours and explore other lives , other times, or other planets. Ironically, "Estelè" takes you to all three places easy and with a glee of your kids forever. <br /> <br /> "Stellar" is all the characters we remember as kids: masterpieces, witches, pirates, ghosts and squad. It has the girl in distress, the hero, the skull, the obstacles, spells, antidote, charms, and even a touch of light-speed to make it modern chassis. <br /> <br /> "Estel" is about a man from the city of Wall, which is conveniently located next to a wall that separates the cities from a magic kingdom. The only recent roadway is in a hat that is diligence guarded by an old scruffy codger (played by David Kelly). One day a young man from the walls named Ben Barnes came out maneuvers of the old guards and night in the hatch. It comes to an enchanted kingdom called Stormhold where it meets a chain (and very sexy) young lady called Una. He is held captive by a witch and leashed by an unbreakable chain. While the witch is far away, Una seduce Ben and send him on his way. Ben returns to Wall without incident and continues his life. But nine months later it is called in the wall breeze where the old guards but her what you might expect - a baby boy. <br /> <br /> The boy, called Tristan is growing up to a rather hapless boy (Charlie Cox) who hit a girl out of her league and also rubbed to another. But the young lady (called Victoria and playing Sienna Miller) goes out once with Tristain and confesses her love for her. After spies a star fell and told him he might have if he retrieves the star and bring it back to him. He agrees to lay out on his quest, which will take him on the other side of the wall. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile in the kingdom of Stormhold, the old king (perfectly played by Peter O'Toole) will die. He called the living children to tell them who would succeed him on the throne. Her son's name is Primus, Second, Sextmus, and Septimus. Other children were killed by other brothers in a comic competition to see who lives to find the throne. <br /> <br /> Anyway, he launches his ruby ​​charm in the sky and Voila, which brings the star to the earth. The crash star in the form of a beautiful woman named Yvaine (Clare Danes) and she, of course, is wearing the charm. But little she knows she is now being persecuted by Tristain, the princes, and also an aging witch named Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer) who wants to cut out the hearts of the stars to regain her own youth. ? Yes. But it all comes together as the unfolding adventure. Tristain is the first to find Yvaine but so blinded by his devotion to Victoria he does not recognize the growing bond between himself and Yvaine. His first interest lies only in returning to Yvaine Victoria as evidence of his love. But it must take past the prince and Lamia at first. Chiefs are not a big problem as they are still trying to kill each other - and similar to the "Pirates of the Caribbean" - never has been so funny. But Tristain also encounters the witch who slaves his mother (though he does not know it to his mother) and a pirate fly band led by Robert DeNiro. The most important character in the movie and DeNiro plays it in a tee. He steals the movie and insults it and soon learns a civilian secret that will leave the audience on the floor and laugh. Even if its role is small in length, DeNiro is extraordinary! Michelle Pfeiffer is wonderful as Lamia - a sexy sexy witch. Claire Danes is most suitable as the Yvaine confuses and distresses. She makes a perfect girl. Jason Flemyng, Adam Buston, Rupert Everett, and Strong Strong add the perfect dose of elements such as the battles that people, as they die back as ghosts "Blithe Spirit" and "High Spirit". director Matthew Vaughn, whose only other direct experience was "Layer Cake", draws an enchanting story that everyone will enjoy. <br /> <br /> "Estel" can be too complex for young children, but anyone 13 years old will want to see this film several times. It's that good. "Estel" is what cinemas are supposed to be. Sometimes writing, perfectly cast, perfectly directed, and perfectly acting. In other words ... perfect.
