The parallels are evident between Walt Disney's wondrous luxurious and broomsticks and C Lewis Chronicles of Narnia are very noticeable. There are more coincidences here than compare Bedknobs and Broomsticks than with Mari Poppins even though a lot of the same creative talent enters the two Disney movies. Like Narnia's stories it involves some English children leaving London during the blitz and coming to live in the country. And these kids have to deal with a world of magic. But unlike Lewis Cawis Rawlins's children, magic has invaded the world and helped defeat the people to make a mess in it here and now. No retreats to a Fantasy kingdom like Pevensie kids. There is no heavy duty philosophy here from Walt Disney except perhaps it's not a good thing mess with witches even apprentices such as Angela Lansbury who learn the magic of a phantom like David Tomlinson. Ms. Lansbury did not get to be one of the most rewarding performers for nothing. She brings her own brand of magic that even the special effects of the boys at Disney could not be head. And they won an Oscar for the magic kingdom of this department for this movie. Two performers made the film adieu films and broomsticks. Tessie O'Shea has played her last role in this film, honoring a film in the United Kingdom as one of the best performers of music lovers. And that grand character of actor Reginald Owen as the retired general led the Old House Guard in war and in offering sung songs adieu movie audiences around the world. The Robert B. Sherman and Richard M. Sherman team who wrote the note for Mary Poppins wrote a good and serviceable service here. The Age of Creed was nominated for an Oscar, but lost in the theme from axis. Personally though I do the same thing with David Tomlinson in paying the most colorful money in London, Portabello Road. <br /> <br /> Anden and broomsticks are a fine fantasy movie that still holds up well after nearly 40 years. Imagine what it would be like with computer graphics generated.
