"Bed and broomsticks" is a magical adventure movie and a certain charm, although not one of the best Disney works. It has a generally good story, beautiful songs, great characters, good actors, magic and delightful special effects, good surroundings and beautiful landscapes in England. It also combines beautifully live-action and animation. The animation itself is, of course, very good. The animation resembles many of the 1973 animated films "Robin Hood" and the same can be said about the animated characters: there are many wild animals such as bears, elephants, mortgages, lions, crocodiles and others like the "Robin Hood ". In addition, the king (a lion) seems to be a mixture of Prince John and King Richard, not to mention the beard look like Little John. This movie is often compared to "Mary Poppins" and one reason. Both combine live-action and animation with a similar artwork. Both have similar settings in London. Both have their own magic and a magical woman. Children (Carrie, Charlie and Little Paul) are a bit like children's Banks. Both movies were directed by Robert Stevenson and both David Tomlinson's cast. However, instead of a very serious man like George George, David Tomlinson plays a merrier and magic - teacher Emelius Browne. With its magic, this film also has some slight but significant similarity in Harry Potter's story. <br /> <br /> The majority of the songs are good. "The Age by Belief" and "The Beautiful Briny Sea" are the best of them. "Portobello Road" is also nice. David Tomlinson is great in this movie once again. Angela Lansbury is great as Miss Price and 3 teen actors are all fine as well: Cindy O'Callaghan as Carrie, Ian weighill as Charlie (a boy in "the age does not believe") and Roy Snart as Paul's youngest brother. br> <br /> I love the black cat. It's very cool. It looks a bit like Salem, the black cat from TV series "Sabrina, the young wizard". I get nice when one of the movie's characters is transformed into a white rabbit. The rabbits are really beautiful, fluffy and adorable animals. I just love them! Even funnier is every time Professor Emelius Browne transforms into a white rabbit because when he's transformed into humans again, he shakes his nose like a rabbit. It's really hilarious, combined with its comic face and whiskers. <br /> <br /> In general, this is an okay movie, but its finish is quite bad. The first minutes of the film are nothing special, but then it improves greatly. The end, however, is weak. This is my biggest criticism about it, in great part because the animated rider things are a little too much for me and also because of the feeling of war.
