If any style of film could be called "my culprit pleasure", it might be this kind of generic fantasy. Guilty is the wrong word for her, though, as I'm pretty happy to be an escapist from time to time. "Estel" is good stock fantasy, the love that one should expect from Neil Gaiman (or Gaiman adaptation, as it was). It is not the visual-landscape dream of Mirrormask, it's not the adult admiration of the Pan's maze, and it's not the fun-loving classic Princess Bride, but she just has that lucky fantasy enough and to be completely comfortable. during the whole look. Fancy lovers should be happy - the special effects of the work have finally become good enough and cheap enough that this is in regular production right now. <br /> The story of Stardust involves a young man named Tristan who, in order to find the love and approval of the most beautiful girl in the small town walls, go on an adventure to retrieve a falling star. To make things difficult, however, Tristan's star is actually a woman called Yvaine, and she's not the only one looking for her ... some witches have greedy eyes on the heart's innate heart to give the star , and a brother's brother over the magic kingdom leads chief assassin in his direction. <br /> From having it to all pretty predictable, but it involves some attractive fantasy elements, some Next warm-hearted on the nature of love, and the best part, Robert DeNiro as a gay pirate. On this note, DeNiro's performance is spot-on ... it's not too much the most active actress to use gay men, but a surprisingly effective one from someone used to see it as a graft-and-character -gruff character (so continuous jokes that surround his character to match DeNiro's own way to alternate forms of acting). DeNiro was not so unique in his own image since Brazil, and he says something. Starters are kind of films, perhaps, that will subsidize children's shelves and fantasy-lover for a long time. I can not say it offered anything new, but it's not really there. It's actually the most familiar to her troupe who will enjoy it the most. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
