It is wonderful to watch Roshan Seth (the strict father in 1992 "Mississippi Masala"), who once again takes on the role of a father and head of the family, and more, in such a tour, put in 1971 Bombay, India. In addition to the family environment, items subject include loss and found in a friendship; The unexpected death of a friend (somehow facing calm smile to a friend of death in the presence of prayer felt peace - so Gustad Noble, Roshan's character, as noted); a sidewalk artist at the event - "the wall as a latrine back to a chapel? The chapel of rumbles and ashes" was at once prophetic and philosophical. It is full of life lessons in different aspects of various relationships: between father and child; mother and child; father and daughter; sons, fathers and mothers; colleagues long; long lost my dear friend; even in a man to man, one with an innocent slow-witted innocent "fool". In spite of the tone of the film's era, it's a colorful film rich in substance, and strengths in history of layers of texture and humor and suspense. For a non-Indian director (Sturla Gunnarsson being Icelandic), he has made a U.S. political / Pakistani film. He gets into the bone marrow in the life of this parsi described by Roshan Seth, whose performance has the nuances, subtlety, and joy. (There are songs, too.) The rest cast is equally strong: from Omar my friend friend Puri; Soni Razdan's wife endures; Vrajesh Hirjee, the first son's argument; Sam Dastor's longtime spouse; Ranjit Chowdhry The Pavement Artist; in a woman's "witch" supporter of a neighbor; a fool "someone"; and a long lost friend bosom - it's a world of many figures and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson has demonstrated sensitivity to the treatment in this time period and topics have been carefully researched with detailed attention. He has the good chance of being Soon Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Write the script. This is truly a worthwhile trip to a movie to participate. <br /> <br /> Together the lines of cultural exploration (style film style), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic recipe on a young Japanese man who has gone across the globe in search of the specific place pays his last respect to his parents, consciously follows the memorial rituals for the dead. These reverence demonstrates and cross-cultural attention in family relationships is heart-warming on this day and cyber age.
