SPIRIT Adaptation Will Eisner's TV screen follows many other offerings from humorous pages or comic books. (Remember, two are not exactly the same way) It is indeed ironic that this is the one and only adaptation (as of this time of writing) in the smart alec Eisner, wise cracked, tongue -How super hero. <br /> <br /> The story read that Republic of Photography was interested in making a movie version and was in negotiation with the copyright owner in the middle of '40, but they could never close the deal. The left over screen has become the serial, MARKAS MASKED, one of the best Republicans. Perhaps it was just as good, for that studio there was a tendency for tinkering and materials adapted to the comic strips, magic shots, radios and the comic books. As of this 1987 made for TV movie, it is very clear that a pilot failed for a series of TV shows. Whereas an old reader, longtime, as a little, can be a little harsh of criticisms in an adaptation, a familiar viewer and the character may be able to provide some fresh observations, clear of any preconceived notions which version of this screen should look but while sitting and watching the story unfold, and the characters interacting among some crime wave, the Little Lady (my wife, Ms. Ryan) nailed him with one statement. "This can not make up itself if it's serious or not!" This very well describes both the SPIRIT and his creator, Mr. Will Eisner, the creative genius of comics. The movie is a sincere attempt to put Eisner's world on the screen. Distribution Denny Colt / Spirit, Commissioner Dolan and Ellen were really well done. Though in a contemporary setting, it has always been in the tradition of the "good old days" as far as the costume goes, you know, when men and women still wear hat! Which brings this one final (and bending) point, and that is that the director and producer made a conscious effort and in place of giving the characters a Will Eisner look as far as facial expressions and body language. We say, the Kudos for their efforts. <br /> It's just too bad that no series has been followed! Oh, well in the world today's movement, funny adaptations seem to be a hot article. Maybe some great clock producers and directors would be able to produce a really 1st SPIRIT output for the Big Screen. We can only hope. <br /> UPDATE: Dateline, Chicago, Illinois. 6/4/2008. From now on, everyone who goes to the movies at the Shopping Center Multiplexes has seen the advertising of the new movie poster in the SPIRIT, (subtitled, MY SPEED). which is to be released Christmas Day, 2008. Well, we'll see then just what we were talking about. Just keep your fingers crossed! To Maintain ............. <br /> <br /> UPDATE II: We've seen the new movie, Writer-Director Frank Miller in the production of the Spirit a couple of days so. Well, we had our will; but that's a good thing or another case of "Be careful what you ask, because you can find it?" Please read our other essays at IMDb.com. THANKS!
