I read a lot of comments about the movie and how it's so hard for people to believe it is a Henry Fool end, and even though it's technically, I think Grim Grim needs to be looked like an entirely different movie. Just because it is the end does not mean that it has to be a direct continuation of the first, and I enjoyed that much about it. The whole point in the movie has changed direction from the first, meaningful because the movie does not call Henry Crazy 2, it's Grim Fail. All that aside, the movie, I thought, was so well done and thought it actually surprised me. I was hoping to rent another movie nearly-release-right-to-video movie and be kept 2 hours of bad correction and an almost hard-to-follow storyline (also the latest parker's directorial video of oh's ohio in Ohio) So was surprisingly well-focused that it almost does not seem that, which I absolutely loved. There are many nuances in the movie making and writing that I long to see in movies, but never do. The cinematography was brilliant due to its simplicity and really made the movie look 'grim' at all - in terms of setting. The writing was so well put together as well, anyone who says this movie is not as witty as Henry craves to look again and actually listen; I almost can not even begin to explain how actually hilarious it was, and important. And well, Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene in which crazy and Jalal spoke in the dark was so captivating and emotional. And I thought the spy-ness of all the movie was just for hilarious and spotted on (in Hindsight because I agree that at times while you type felt lost). The main thing that hit me so powerful on the movie, and I believe in the film, Parker's likes and naivety about fools, which was so endearing and turned back, yes very quickly, from refusal to passionately. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Obviously there were things that were not excellent, but nothing is perfect; some of the act was poor, and at times I thought that some of the new back story and dialogue on terrorism got a little hard to follow and out of hand, but in the end you got it and did not. even the idea that in time it may have slipped out of your understanding. (This can also be done with Goldblum's tendency to speak very fast) On the whole I would say that it was probably one of the best films I've seen this year; Fun stylist, clever and witty stylist, performance has been so impressive I now have new respect for some of the actors, and a truly touching movie, and remember a complete departure from fools. That was the point.
