After watching this movie a month ago, she kept jumping back to my conscience and I feel I must buy it or at least see it again, even though I watch it at least 3 times when I rent it at that point. <br /> <I fall in love with Hal Hartley's being ruled many years ago - I found that these films can make me laugh in a place that rarely entertains. It's a strange feeling, granted, and I suppose most people out really just do not get it, or it makes them feel confused with a bit uncomfortable - I guess I just really get it - its as if these movies they did for me. Although I do not remember if I actually laughed loudly during this movie, it remained one of the funniest movies I've seen in many years. If you do not see the humor in the grocery bag fault bearing the street in a church, at his brother's office publisher, to his son's principal you may miss the intelligence to be very impressed by this movie. The bag is a silent character in itself, being dragged around as an icon of maternity usually brass, bitchy Parker Posey must bring before the international intrigue of the rest of the film his besets. <br /> <br /> I consider my favorite favorite Henry Fool in Hartley's film. I honestly do not remember it very well - I think the character itself was so jerky I found it tiring. The strong Hartley seems to be the development of feminine nature. Aside from the bright Posey, it was wonderful to see Elina Lowensohn, one of my favorite actresses, again. Naive morning it is perfect for Hartley. Its ability to make the outrageous looks banal helps define his style as a delicious choroid irony at all. <br /> <br /> This film erips in a very important international intriguing story, explaining political situation in Afghanistan. This never suspect at the start. The complexity of this film's development is unparalleled. <br /> This is the epitome of a "standing alone" end. Less that you know about Henry Fool is the more mystery to turn around, the less you expect its appearance toward the end of the movie - as an alcoholic chain-smashing machine complaint, hurling insults in its Islamic tackle Terrorists who somehow seem to respect him. It's like getting out Santa Claus is actually a bully 12 year old. Although I was impressed and satisfied with other Hartley films in the latest "girl from Monday" and "No Things", "Grim Fail" went beyond what I expected, with a sense of humor and originality no Oscar winner would ever dare.
