As a person who saw and followed Hartley's public works for many years, I think many of those used to be fiction told in true stories were elevated into dark philosophical ideas. While entertaining, Fay Grim is another step in the Henry Insane Line of Thinking, where the movie reflects the quality of an object in the movie itself. In Henry Crazy, the object is the memories ... In Grim Fault, the object is encryption memory - which is self stolen, forged and trans-mutated in something so dark it can not really make any sense - that is to say The process of writing script and film-making in the modern era - where most film blockades are little more than a mash-up in the past. That is, in a philosophical sense, what Fay Grim is all about. The object, perhaps, is the tragedy that trauma is now cliché and dull (as hinted at the opening stage of the publisher office). That being said, many of the best movie points are lost if you do not understand Henry's character and the significance of the memories they were looking for. Henry is a clear thin devil, first visiting Simon as a modern Faust, etc. Without understanding how Henry's tragic character is much of the quality of the Grim's plot and lost story. <br /> And there is not enough 'details' expressed in verbal rbits - knowing the plot Henry Fool can not be compared to the 'feel' quality of the characters like one made in Henry Crazy, and so I think for someone who walks through this film has about 10 minutes of 'so what' response to highly constructed dialogue and then that's it. However, Henry Fox was also my favorite Hartley movie until I realized that it was bad - sad and infectious - precisely because Henry Fool's Confessions were bad ... not only raunchy or messy but inescapably broken. Henry can not even have a proper villain - and this is perhaps the tragic defect that makes him more attractive ... like Gollum in Tolkien's work, Henry is brutal .. <br /> This does not come across faults Grimas, although Henry's dialogue is excellent. What comes to all is that the movie is all constructed as a encryption - a sort of hedge of another plot around what ends up being yet another bad story for adding to henry's confession. It's an interesting twist, but one that can not really be digested without looking at the movie first. Perhaps showing more of Henry earlier on would have been better than the publisher describes the basic scenario of the first film - although this draw is also not really that the first movie was over - unless perhaps one is an observer casual. <br /> Part of the encryption? Hard to say ... a little shame at the sex gimmicks though. Cheesy.
