Well, this movie is a representation of several things. For starters, this film is about a passionate student who brings a gun to school and launches about 9 students. A student survives and is at the hospital with extensive head injuries. The lead character is what many people consider an 'loner / goth', despite the film stated in it was not so. It looks quite mysterious, but it's also the only student charged in the victim's classroom. It's questioned, because there is a story of knowing the shooter and having a record of being on the phone with him the night before. Anyhow, it is a very short and far-reaching person who seems to despise society. But due to some, at first unexplained event, he spent about a year out of school, failing to class. He has the desire to graduate, and the principle practically consents it to the only way he can spend is to spend time with the survivor, the girl at the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two driving are almost entirely opposed, and are well on a social level. While Alisha is a quiet, intrusive girl, anti-social girl 'goth' spends her entire time entirely (though it looks quite often, somewhere in a closet / from the closet bookworm), others The girl is a rich, girls 'girls' girl who looks still incredibly optimistic and trapped in her own fantasy world, ignoring the world out and realistic to survive. I feel both of these roles in a nice job by representing 'MOST' in the modern highschool, but most importantly shows how two whole girls do not know anything at each other eventually open to each other. While the injured girl learns a deep, meaningful life on her once sheltered world and the outside world, Alisha learns that the complete abandon of society and blocking everything inside is not always the best thing. <br /> Many people are looking at the connections between these two girls and seeing one of the two things. Either a snob, hate girl who wants to rest in the world suffers as she does, takes her out on an innocent girl, OR the story of a seemingly trapped, girl fantasizing that meets a defeat in society and Learn not only by judges, but it is actually, perhaps, one of his most intelligent people known. In other words, people can see this movie as a focus on Alisha teaching the other girl a lesson about life, but not so. This movie is about things SEVERAL. While it is over all I have stated, it is also representative of how people deal with a major, disaster changing life. Surely, this movie is not very symbolic, but rather incredibly straight ahead with its message, as long as you do not fear to open yourself, with your heart, in some emotions you may not be familiar with being described so miraculously . br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is one of the best I've ever seen. The act is brilliant, the scenario and representation are deep and meaningful, and the flowing emotion across this film will have anyone not only related, but may cry. This film is by far the heart-wrenching, with great impact, and if I ever believed any movie could change someone's life ... this would be the first that would change me. <br /> <br /> I worship this movie, if you ever want a movie that moves and impact, while incredibly fun and real, look at this.
