Maybe I would like this movie more if I did not so attach to the characters of Henry Crazy. For those who never saw Henry Fool, I would not worry. As Hartley jokingly said in his introduction to the film at TIFF, the film has many exhibitions and explanations. This film is very heavy in plot, which keeps the movie moving. There are many funny moments and films in Hartley's trademark humor and the rhythm of dialogue. Over all, a technically well-tuned film and make sure you meet new fans of Hartley who are just beginning to explore their work. As for the older fans who loved their earliest work like Trust and Amateur, this movie could either go way. I have mixed feelings about the film and later Hartley film in general. What Hartley does best is to put his story in small situations, focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways in which his characters interact with each other. Since its late 90's and over, its films have expanded into dimensions in terms of subjects. Mass media in any of these, religions of the Book of Life and now Terrorism in Grim Fail. I do not know if Hartley's talent will be adequate in these subjects or if it can do justice. <br /> <br /> Strangely enough, the movie can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who goes to look for the husband she likes. The only problem is, I saw Henry Crazy and everyone looks incredibly out of the movie character. You can say this movie long ago after Henry Fool ended without any intention to end. Somehow, the terrorist conspiracy feels readily been amplified over in the use of Henry's book in confession as a megafi (in the sense of hitchcockian). The fault motivation for finding Henry seemed motivated purely by the need of the plot rather than the loyal fault that was like the Henry Henry. <br /> I think I'm a little disappointed in the movie because it's not true of Henry's fool characters and does not exactly work as a straightforward thriller. There are too many irony and wryness in Hartley's approach as great topics as terrorists. It somehow works and does not work at the same time. All I could say, you would either love or hate the movie depending on taking you on Hartley's work and how well you know Hartley's work. Fans of Henry Crazy, be seriously warn of a disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy the ride.
