Faulty grim is, on its face, a story of espionage and intrigue said with a nod to a wink. As the end of her extraordinary Henry, Hal Hartley creates a surprising mix of noir film and hardboiled spy thriller that starts with a smile and great dose of laugh and turn as energy and hot as any movie I've seen this year. <br /> Parkey Posey is faulty grim, an unwitting Mata Hari caught between the love of her insult Henry crazy and the intentions of doubt in a good CIA operation. As Fulbright Agent, Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcastic, in a similar role tailored to his talent. It has never been better. James Urbaniak is Simon Fay's brother, prisoner, but renowned for his livelihood book in poetry. His love of his work with his sister brings a sense of contrast to the controversial nature of the spies that eventually populate the world of Fay. And Liam Aiken is faulty in oversexed 14-year-olds. Although they can redundant. Aiken's understated style is remarkably "old soul" for a person's age. <br /> <br /> The film of all angles Dutch angles, the off-kilter style made famous by Orson Welles and primarily used in horror films and psychological squad sharing a sense of foreboding. In Grim Fault, using that style from opening credit to closing is intriguing at first, the deceptive smart next. For as the viewer begins to fall for the elements perfectly timed comedy and understanding of Hartley's brilliant script, something happens. The film takes a dark turn again weirdly comforting as these magic characters become sympathetic to our eyes. What started as black comedy morphs of romantic drama, and the transition is mastery. Walking is giving way to enchanting action, and we are seeping right into the whirlpool. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley's sharp dialogue combines with the amazing performances of a set together perfectly matching make for a delicious cinema cocktail. Told and the luxury of one can write, produce, direct, modify, and even compose the music, Hal Hartley has fabricated a clever, sexy story of spying and tongue just barely planted in a blow. Faust Grim is a part of Dashiell Hammett, part of Raymond Chandler, with a party Ian Fleming, shaking and maybe head as well.
