I have a very deep abyss for this film although it appears spray less 'polished' than Fred's other and Ginger films, not to mention the casting of a little problem in Harriet Hillard in the role of romantic lead. Once again with these films, the draw is in a minor consequence - Astaire plays a rather easy sailor (which happens to be a brilliant old hoofer (of course!)) And Rogers an aspiring scene of a dime-a-dance seduce music music. Although the bright and fun relationships to look, they are bogged down by a primary story that does not involve Hilliard and Randolph Scott by succeeding in finding any chemistry between them. <br /> <br /> Although it was a recent minute decision, Hilliard preferred the muscle of this as it does not have the screen presence to give this movie what it needs despite being sweet and likable at all. The movie can benefit from Lucide Ball's wise-cracking character hinge world in a major role that it simply shines on every stage, and would make a great Helen Broderick-type Rogers's side-kick This kind of shiny film (See 'Step Door', made the following year, for a wonderful scenery example of these two funny actresses). That Scott's Scott's neandertalism eventually fell in love with Hilliard is even more difficult to believe than the Astaire were in the Navy! <br /> Now, on the important part, the song and dance: There is nothing more to say about "Let's face the music and dance" other than it is brilliant and moving and perfectly executed and I often end up watching that scene and tears in my eyes. However other songs in the film deserve some recognition as well; "I put all my eggs in one basket" is a wonderful example of the comedy instincts of Astaire and Rogers, and almost pokes the pleasure of the reputation of the spontaneous clash, perfectly synced dancing. Other important are "I'd rather lead the band" and "let yourself go" showing how these talents could be as bright as alone as together. I almost forgot to mention that this is one of some (if not only) when we see Astaire brilliant play on the piano; It seems that talent the man was endless! <br /> Overall, I actually prefer this 'Top Hat' and 'time to swing' (although only fair), as it is more ground and doing so enthusiastically by all involved, it's hard for influencing the fun factor.
