Drawn is never the strongest point in a Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers movie, but "Follow the fleet" is exceptionally mediocre. Fred and Ginger still have the right to play "Bak" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers who have personal and professional partnerships ended when Bake along the Navy. When they meet again, love-hate relationships generate some fun funny moments. But for many of the film, they took a backseat in a tired valley of Connie Sherry's sister (Harriet Hilliard), his love for Sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), a Belgian woman and another woman, and an old schooner Connie inherited from her father. Though Hilliard is rather good, this draw is refreshing. <br /> But at the same time, "Follow The Fleet" is blessed with an outstanding Irving Berlin score that gives the stars lots of luck to show off their talent. Astaire gets two good solo and "We've seen the sea" and "I'd rather do a lot." He sings expressly and, of course, electrifying dance - and the marine suit makes him look a little more juvenile and athletic than usual. Rogues song catches in "Let yourself go" and later make a piano-dance solo in the same melody. <br /> <br /> The three dweto really save the movie, though they're all shoehorned in the plot with funny excuses. Fred and Ginger have a dance contest by performing an energetic routine in another reprise of "Let Yourself Go". And they sing and dance "I put all my eggs in one basket" as if it was an early repetition of the number, flubbing the choreographic humor effect. In the end, the movie finally shows how to get Fred and Ginger in evening dress for a romantic romantic - it makes it part of a show-in-the-show. The situation is optimally, but the song "Let's face music and dance", is one of the most sinuously beautiful scenes Belle wrote (it's reminiscent of Cole Porter), and dancing to match it in elegance. Quentessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> It would be a chore to sit in most of the sectional sections of the "Follow The Fleet" again, and, in fact, it is not necessary, because the draw rarely pushes the music number. But I could watch the songs over and over.
