If Hollywood is to believe, being in the Navy is nothing but a bludge. Even though the sailors can complain about the monotony of the ocean, it seems that oceanic work is completely non-existent, and somehow Fred Astaire finds enough time during the day to offer dancing classes in a fleet of romance. . These are the world of Astaire and Rogers. The film before the Sandrich Mark, 'Top Hat (1935), completely ignored the Great Depression who then brought America to its knees, featured audiences with a glittering world of the rich and popular; it was the outlook optimistic film about life that may be contributing to its success. Likewise, Sandrich deliberately asserted that the life of a Naval officer is hard and dried, and instead replaces a sailor's asset with a variety of lightweight lightweight musical numbers. <br /> <br /> Baking Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dancing partners with romantic relationships falling apart after the latter rejects a marriage proposal. After returning to several years of marine service, she found Sherry as a dance hostess in a sophisticated San Francisco salon. While the two lovers alternately try to woo and repel each other, Sherry's full-fledged music teacher (Harriet Hilliard, who is really pretty cute) receives a complete makeover and tries to capture Bileberg's Bilgey Sail (Randolph Scott). There are many of the vicious comedians who are vicious comedians, moments of error identification, and even a hilarious monkey monster that steals each scene in particularly inhuman inch is the scene in which to bake sabotage audition a scene from a performer to create a window for her estranged girl; Success for both of them, she is an unfortunate sherry who drinks bikabonate into soda and loses her ability to sing. <br /> <br /> 'Follow The Fleet (1936)' was the fifth collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (in five) in which Sandrich heads the couple. Irving Berlin has been providing film music and lyrics, and every musical number is enjoyable and fun, though not quite as memorable as those of 'Top Hat (1935),' Swing Time (1936) 'or' Let Us Dance (1937). 'Astaire attempts to break free from his typical-rich-man-on-town character, without much success, but it's hard to imagine the scenic scenic boyish account that would only accompany them was considerably wealthy. The coast of the romance between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (wearing a brunette wig to avoid clashes with ginger blonde hair) has a couple of emotional solo numbers, including "Get You Behind Me Satan," which was originally written for 'Hat Hat. '
