Follow the fleet, a RKO production in 1936, star Fred Astaire and Rogers generation in a romantic comedy comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers had as many romantic cinemas together, RKO helped them once again create a valuable storyline while incorporating important social situations at the time they made. The narrative follows the fleet depends extensively on the use of line story lines between the two sets of main characters to create a comedy satisfying romantic. The overall drawback of the movie revolves around Baker Baker, a US Sailor Sailor played by Fred Astaire, and Sherry Martin, the former paternal lover and wine partner who is now a singer and dancer played by Ginger Rogers. The story begins when Kake is on the boat with her companion Bilge Smith to get a picture of the two of them together, and Cook reveals that the last time he saw her had asked her to marry her, so Bilge suggested to try and meet with it when on land, hoping he might have a friend. The next big stage is the second draw of the movie when Connie Martin, Sherry's sister, refuses to enter the parade where his sister works unless she is escorted by a gentleman. He turned around to get Bilge behind him with a full-sized bag, so he played it off as he was waiting for him and bought his entry into Paradise too. Connie then finds Sherry and tells her that she is depressed because she can not have Sherry's luck with men, so Sherry suggests finding a makeover from her friends while doing on stage. Connie gets done, and enters the ballroom once again, with Bilge approach again, who is awestruck by his presence. This begins the second romantic scenario between Bilge and Connie. Throughout the rest of the film's history and rising the transition actions between changing comedy relief to issues of the two 'couples that create several mini rising and action falls into the overall scheme. Cook and Sherry hit it at the first moment as they compete in a dance competition and finish to have it, remind them of the success and pleasure of having them together. Likewise, Bilge is able to cone Connie in his romantic attempt at his pleasure, and retired from his home. <br /> <br /> This series of happy events followed by crackdown measures that carry the rising action back down. Leave Sherry the night before retire in the boat before midnight, and she told her that she would come for her in the morning. Unfortunately the ship lay course after the shipmates returned, troubled Sherry and let her think Cook was always being a typical sailor looking for a good time when she was on the ground. <br /> <br /> The atmosphere again changed as another subplot into the movie when a "big part of shots" is taking a tour of the boat. This alternative scenario is used to create a buffer between the stories of the two main relationships of the film, as well as helping to build confidence and dearness in the Bake's general good intentions. The party is cut by playing the subconscious music coming out of cooks with his peers when they miss the sonar to report on the company's piles. The ladies are intrigued and ask to hear them play, and cook happy to begin entertainment with some dancing, which finally helps to brighten the mood of the movie, as well as bring happiness to the sailors. <br /> <br /> After returning to multiple couple stories, Sherry is trying to prove that she does not need her help and landing a job. Unfortunately cooking is unaware that he's audition, and going to put in a good word for Sherry when he heard his friend in the studio talking about the remarkable lady audition. Cook it on her head to help Sherry out of falsification with her water, making her able to sing properly and destroy her audition. In addition to the Bake's mistake, Connie spent all of his money to repair a boat that he hoped Bilge would take as captain. She also planned a remarkable dinner date for her when she was supposed to come over, but Bilge was aware of her intentions and hoped to be soon married and not interested, so she stopped her. The rest of the movie continues in the same format of mini riding and falling action until the climax point reaches between the two couples, ending the movie and the happiness of both couples. The use of the altered stories helps build interest and emotions in every couple as they deal with both happiness and pain in each of their struggles. Intermediate stories can also be related to each other, as well as incorporate other related subplots to help bring the narrative of the scenes to be concluded. Although Fred Astaire and Jen Rogers have untold films that incorporate romance, comedy, song, and dance, Follow the fleet is a unique film for the two actors who successfully use the technique of subplots to help the narrative aid between the two main characters .
