What a fun movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the marine. Astaire has wooed back ginger in San Francisco, while Scott must worry that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of being his wife. Everything works well. <br /> It's sometimes argued, and I can see why, Scott's romance and Hilliard are necessary and slow down the draw. Especially painful are the song Hilliard in love love to sing. I could do without singing, good enough, but I found the romance rather touching. Hilliard enters the movie as a music teacher, puts a pair of glasses, no makeup, and the ugliest clothes known to humans or animals. No wonder Scott avoids it until he grooms head sexually under the tutelage of his sister ginger with a Lucili slip ball. The problem is that her makeover apple looks like the same irretrievably plain woman as before, only with a glossier outfit. It's hard enough for a family guy. But at least one man can become rich and powerful and popular, then he can collect women anyway, though it seems JoJo the Dog-Faced Boy. But what does a woman make-up? The even avenues of romance are not open to it. Henry Kissinger had groupies. Is Margaret Thatcher? It must be awful to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as you. As a kind of a note, I must mention that Randolph Scott was rumored to be bisexual by Hollywood gossips who need some nonsense to grind, and it's fun to have that line in this movie when it's been put her Hilliard off - - "Female does not interest me, sister." The film probably gives more time quality Ginger Rogers than any of its other films and Astaire. And it is wonderful. She's nice, sexy, talented actress and dancer, and the script gives her good luck too. "Let's kiss and do," suggests Astaire. "Let's just make up," he said, "that will give you something to work on." He is also the only movie he has done with Astaire who gives him a solo number during an audition. (Correspondent by Hermes Pan.) His performance is accidentally sabotage by Astaire who slips some Alka Seltzer or something in his water, and it hides in his number, the chain was too indelicate for the time. Dancer, I would make a terrific surface elephant so my opinion must be taken as that of an amateur, but I think the dances together are equal to any to put on film. First, during a dance tournament, "Let yourself go," is the most wildly inflated of any I can remember. And only the dramatic drama, "Let's Face Music and Dance," must be among the finest. The last step as it comes out is typing. I love the movie for personal reasons. I remember seeing it for the first time in a theater in Downtown San Diego, next to a store called "Seven Seven" that sailor caterers. I was in uniform at the time and was impressed by the treatment of the naval Astaire and Scott careers. What I mean is, here we have this fruity soft comedy that must be absolutely nothing of historical fact, and yet, unlike most of the other crew, pay its brothers anyway. Jumping ships, Astaire calls out for a "water taxi." I just took a taxi on my head. Uniforms are correct in the period (unlike, say, people in the "city"). And they are torn well, hats down to two fingers-wide above the eyebrows and do not cocked back. And there are two occasions in which Astaire runs into a problem with naval authorities and they are both busy with perfect gravity and are quite credible. An officer stopped Astaire from leading a jazz band during inspection and reporting to the commander, "They played when they called, blown, I'm sure no violation of discipline was done." That's an officer - a good officer - would say, and nobody laughs. The series got a bit repetitive by the time "Follow The Fleet" did this instead of putting Fred in high society with a tuxedo, turning it into a swabbie chewing-mill instead. It was a good idea. And the dance numbers are up to the concept.
