As a massive fan of fantasy in general, and in the works of Neil Gaiman * in particular *, I was looking forward to this movie so avidly, so hungry and with such a mix of bitters of anticipation and fear in disappointment that I can just believe it is finally here. And you know what? I'm not afraid, the movie version is BL ** awesome. Different in the book, but in a great way - less capricious, more funny, always deeply sweet and enchanting. <br /> <br /> The special effects are absolutely spot-on and make magic feel a natural and inappropriate part of the world of walls without being spectacular and intrusive. <br /> <br /> There is good attention paid to storytelling and rhythm, and the casting of the main is a triumph, and the ghost prince (whose scroll-call it almost as a "Who's Who "In actually fresh British comedy - Rupert Everett, David Walliams in little Britain fame, two of the blocks from Wing Green etc.) steals most of the best and most beautiful lines all the funniest movie moments exist in abundance. <br /> <br /> In fact, one minor critic I have throughout the film is that sometimes the comedy elements become a little OTT, subtlety goes out of the window in search of the main story .... Ricky Gervais' camel, for example, was far too much just "Ricky Gervais made David his usual Brent from the Office Comedy character" for my sympathy, and in my opinion, created a break and cracked out of the magic spell In the story progresses (though in justice, from memory I believe the character Ferdy in the original book was beautiful "Ricky Gervais" -aquire when I think it's over) .... But a minor chess in a otherwise comfortable cast with fairy writing and a good mix of action and romance. Charlie Cox, as the protagonist Tristan, captures the correct mix of naivety, subtle comedies and self-realization required for a story like this where a "young boy submits to life-changing lives"; Claire Danes as Yvaine is beautiful, feisty and just ever so slightly alien or inferior, a perfect interpretation of her stellar role; Robert De Niro, in the comeback of every review talking about, is truly worthy of praise, Rollicking good fun (seems to have a ball, too) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is cool and nasty triumphs like Witch Lamia witch, favorite me the movie performance in general. If you enjoyed his performance b good! Tchy at the latest "Hairspray" then you will be well enjoying it in this, too. <br /> So, the round of this review: you will laugh, for sure, you will smile, and you can even cry - Stardust is a beautiful, heart-warming fairy for the whole family, and a heart of gold and more smarts sweater than is immediately apparent. One of my favorite movie ever is Bride's fantastic princess, and Estelust is being readily resembled with this and good reason that it is a very similar type of movie exploring similar terms to territory. ... and just as the Princess Bride remained cool, clever and funny twenty years after his initial release, I believe that the tongue-in-a-breathing breath of Stardust will show up as a favorite family on our television ( or future equivalent devices!) for many years to come.
