Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the Hollywood dance dance team, were usually dressed up with their nines and slippers in extreme layout of Deco Art sets in the 1930s. However, they went a bit more upscale for this 1936 outing, fifth of the ten music together. This time, Astaire cautions his hat, white tie and becoming a jar-maker called "Bak" Baker; and Rogers play dance singer Sherry Martin, who was the partner's bake - dancing and otherwise - before he enrolled. Therefore, unlike identity identities to make mistakes and romantic hesitation to prevalent in most previous couples, they are already a couple from the start of the movie. Led by Mark Sandrich (who guides five of the stanza), films bring a narrative similarity in 1935 to "Roberta" in their place, but one of the two brides on the storyline. In fact, Randolph Scott plays other men's lead in both films, this time as Creating the woman's bake, "Bilge" Smith. It is a partnership with Irene Dunne (who understands turning down this track), but Harriet Hilliard. Just marrying Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, Hilliard plays Sherry's Spinach Connie siblings that are hard for Bilge. In the comic scheme, it is given a renovation by a young, white blonde Lucille Ball, and there are classic three-way injections of Hilliard, Ball and a kewpie-adorable Betty Grable doll in front of a mirror. <br /> Talking about the story, what's one credited to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and going something like this ... Cook with the bells on shore leave in San Francisco where they end up in a dancing hall and they are soldier warriors. Bake to get the working Sherry, while Bilge runs in Connie first when it comes to as a dowdy spinster and then shows up as a glamorous girl. Romance blooms for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherited a steamer from their father, but they need money to keep it afloat. Many misunderstandings occur in both their relationships, but all work out when they steal the steamer into a theater and put them on a fundraising review. It's about as funny as it sounds, but it gives a good excuse for some memorable Irving Berlin tunes and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dance. The first two are casual in tone - a series of dance competition in percolating "let yourself go" where they show mercy to win and a comedy comedian comedian comedy set to toe-tapping "I put all my eggs in one basket ". However, the last dance is a classic return of formality and a melodramatic piece beautifully set in a stunning arrangement of "Let's Face Music and Dance". Intriguingly, this film includes not only a solist in Astaire, but only the Rogers have ever had a solo dancing in her head in one of the movies, an energy-saving routine again set to "let yourself go". Dressing in a sailor candy outfit creams, she also sings the same song that came out near the start of the movie. While Scott plays his role with his trademark-Peas trademark, Hilliard is a very dull presence, and as a former band singer, he makes two Berlin love songs in a frustrating manner. Regardless, the magic produced by Astaire and Rogers in the prime makes this look essential. The DVD 2005 has several extra good start with a thirteen minute featurette, "Follow The Fleet: The Origins of These Dancing Foot," on how Astaire and Rogers started working together. There is also a live-action "soundie" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and Dance Orchestra", a poultry-themed design called "Let It Make Me," and the Original Theater The Trailer.
