Hundstage is an intentionally ugly and unusual study of life in a generally quiet neighborhood of Vienna. It is from former documentary director Ulrich Seidl who adopted a most important document approach as the material. However, the movie veins away from normal abilities and presents us with characters best described as "extreme"? Some are very lonely; some very violent; some very strange; some very devious; some very frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The movie combines several near draws less episodes that interrupted from time to time, each such character on a couple of days during a swing swinging summer. Very few viewers coming away from the movie feels entertained ?? The intention is to point up many wrong things to people, the many sick people that our society is in general. It's a thought-provoking movie and its conclusions are very overwhelming about the whole. An awesome old fantasy fantasy over her elderly lady, she wants to make a striptease for her while wearing wives. A nightclub dancer contemplates and behaved ever-jealous and violent in his boy-racer companion. A couple suffering from dead daughter can not communicate with each other and seek out sex with others. An abusive person mistreats her woman but forgives her time and again. A security vendor desperately tried to find the culprit behind some vandalism on a job site, but it ended up picking up an innocent shot. And a mental ill woman keeps stinging rails with aliens and insults them until they are thrown out of the car! These characters disparate characters for several days during an intense summer heat wave. <br /> <br /> The despair of the movie is puzzling. Many scenes are characterized by long, silent leftovers that are twice as effective as a whole passage of dialogue might be. Then there are other scenes during which the dialog and on screen events leave you reeling. In particular, a scene during which the safety vendor left the rescue brunette for the mercy of a vengeful guy - to beat, violate and outraged (thankfully all the screen) for some vandalism he did not even do - excite a back, almost mad taste. In another stage a man has a candle lit candle in the end behind him, and forced to sing the national anthem at gunpoint, all as part of his punishment for being embarrassed by his wife. While we might want to applaud that this Thug gets her coming-uppance, we are together leaving fear and unnerved by the nature of his punishment. Indeed, the Stark Differences could act as a summary of the entire movie - every moment of light-heartedness is counter-balanced and a moment of coldness. Every little one of hope joins a sense of despair. For each character you can love or feel like, another has to promote nothing but anger and hatred. We might want to turn from Hundstage and reject it as an exercise of misery, but it also points up some uncomfortable truths and so that it should be applauded.
