There is something special about the Australian movies not only by Seidl, but by Spielmann and other directors as well. This is the essence of fishing in reality that never leaves the viewer throughout the movie. Hundstage is no exception. This effect is achieved not only by stories shown but also by actors playing. In Hundstage I have never felt that these are actors playing, but real people instead. So real is the visceral feel of the viewer ... Almost as if the grumpy pensioner or lonely lady in the movie lives below you in your block. Anyone living in Vienna can without any doubt doubt recognizing the people in the movie and the meckern / sudern (complaining), promoting sexual hide and prologue guys. This is further strengthened by the Western dialect that is, according to many, specifically made to complain as a way of life. A special parachutism and typical arrogance for Vienna are also very well described. <br /> <br /> The venomous suburbs have a vivid presence in the movie and stupor and drowsiness where nothing happens. In addition, they became a materialism celebration and shopping mall and large department stores. In between them are the houses of people where they are appreciated in these rules are activities that give pleasure, trying to stay in touch with the human mind, yet in vain. Examples are the sexual game of the old lady and the guys who are surrounded by rape, the extended guy loses his nerves and hits his girlfriend with the young woman who hitchhikes and irritates her driver. There is no sound as it focuses on the abnormality / abnormality of its image only. Another typical feature of Seidl (and other Australian director) is to show her sexual fantasies. These include the stripping of the old woman for her husband, the sexual scene of the bath, the sexual game of the lady and the two men in her apartment, etc. <br /> At Hundstage Seild described their life of those who eventually can have many Vienne as they might be citizens in Paris, New York or Madrid. Visitors should not despise or feel sorry for the victims of the movie as they can become victims of the same extortion and alienation, well in different circumstances. In the end, I believe Seidl's film is a warning to us about the terrible state of human relationships that are brutally revealed at Hundstage. But if the viewer does not succumb to the reasons for this evil transformation, Seidl has achieved his goal.
