This film has been classified as one of the most disturbing and arrested films of the year. It is one of the few films, perhaps the only one, who actually gave me chivers: not even Pasolini's Sálo, in which this movie bears comparing, affecting me like that. I saw the movie echo from filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I asked myself, what was it about the movie that made me feel like I did? I think the answer should be that I was watching a horror movie, but one is challenging or even reversing the conventions of said genre. Typically, in a horror movie, these terrible and scary things will happen, but on the margins of civilized society: abandoned homes, desert hotels, castles, churchyards, morgues etc. This handling of the topic of horror is, I think, a sort of defensive mechanism, a principle of darkness and opacity functioning as a sort of proactive space for the desires and fears of the viewer. So from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror movie; It takes place in a perfectly normal society, and thus never dabble in the histrionics of the horror movie. But what you see is shifting to certain key keys from the horror genre, especially regarding the body and its violations, the steps of fear and torture it can put in. What Seidl does is to use the settings of a class society every day, as a step involving a repetition game of sexual assault, loneliness, lack of privacy and integrity: precisely the terms you would get in horror but undergoing in a principle of light and transparency in which there is no escape. It is precisely this move that the power of Seidl movie lives. Hundstage deals with such matters as a function of the daily show of quotidian repetition, rather than as sites in extremes and katharsis - a movement you would encounter in said horror genre. An important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way of mixing the politics with the personal of his film, a tactic of melodramas that allowed him to deal in a serious and even moral way with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, questions about ownership , sexual and control properties, facials and capitalist etc. Seidl's tactics for making the mechanisms of daily society the subject of his film put in close proximity to Fassbinder; Like this German ally, he has a sort of political vision in society that he feels he is responsible for putting in front of his movie. During a seminar at Film Festival Film Gothenburg this year, in which Seidl was a guest, he asked why he would have a lot of violations, women subjugation at Hundstage, but there is no case in a woman fighting back, liberating herself. Seidl replied that some might see it as immoral to show violence against women, but that he himself felt he would not immorally show it. An artistic statement as good as any, I think. Thanks.
