As many as I like big season pictures - I'll spare you the tremor - it's great kick back with a few beers and a simple action flick sometimes. Movie where the plot takes a backseat of the series-piece. The film where the dialogue is not so cleverly written that it links itself to the intuition of purple evidence. There are several films that fit the bill ... but in my opinion Gone in Seventy Seconds is one of their best. <br /> It's an upgrade to the movie that shares its name. He also shared that picture's image, but not quite it's execution. Whatever was great about the original was simple. Whatever was simple was amped up thanks to a larger budget. Often these types of initiatives are recipes for complete disasters - see the pug-ugly remake of Italian work for one that blows it - but here, thanks to a actually casting actor, sixty success. The plot and many of the dialogue are not much to write IMDb on. Often you will have scenes where the same line of dialogue goes back and forth between the actors, each one of his voice and different infractions. A lot of people found this annoying; I find it raising a smile. Each actor gets a chance to show off his definition of style here, with Cage, Jolie and Duvall leading the packet of course (and it should be noted that it's also fun to see Mrs Pitt not giving first bill here). The chemistry between Saint Nick Nick's stalwart (see revision) and Angelina leads to a couple of beautiful moments. <br /> <br /> The villain is not even a little scared - I saw Chris Eccleston playing hard-guy role before I know he can handle them, but I think he was deliberately led to his role inconspicuous as they do not distract from the action. We know the heroes will succeed, somehow; We're just sitting in the car with them, enjoying the ride. I think a lot of these scenes were played with so far language language in a cheek that he went on top of a lot of people giving this a poor rating. In fact, I would not have the idea of ​​some fourth corner of the wall broken into the camera: it's just the kind of movie. <br /> <br /> All this style and substance is not much - something that often exhausts my patience if not executed * just * so - would be worthless if the action was not there. And for the most part, it is. So much so. I have noticed that it seems to be a common trend to be using fast-cut extreme close-up direct action shots these days. I personally find this kind of stuff tiring. I prefer movies like this where the exhibits are impressive enough to not need artificial tension ramp not to violate the tight shots all the time. I was told that cages actually did as much of the car's stunts as it could get away and without losing it (in real life I mean - his character clearly does not care) and it shows. The man can really move a vehicle and put it in the last slower final climates where he drives a Mustang to the ground in the most unusual way - with FUN - as possible. , this film is not an "epic, life-affirming post-9/11 photos and mandatory social" efforts. The rally is uneven, some of the scenes could be cut and not all the actors go the line. But movies movies rarely become better than that. So, if you hate cars ... why do you read the comments? <br /> I would take it on the very iterations of the "flaccid and the tedious" (guess the franchise) any day. 7/10
