To make it short and do not spoil everything this film is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief, which releases a great deal of stolen cars (50 in total). He then threatened to be killed by the man who gave him the order. The goal now is to find 50 stolen cars in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a 'retired' reminder and also Kip's brother and a couple of old friends at Randall. As you can see this is the same old, the need for many browsers to get 'lil' bro 'out of routine issues and of course Randall is the best thief ever been. Of course as in all other movies there are also a few setbacks and surprises you would never think, but at times it is also predictable, so there is nothing fancy about the story. <br /> You are not currently probably wondering why this is about 51 times the HOT Escape, since there are only 50 nice, fast, cool and expensive cars to be stolen. Well other hot stuff in this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who will be a great STAR (trust me))). It is not only very compelling in the role as a car, but it is very hot too. OK not hot as in nice, but warm as in cool and sexy damn. It was very credible in this role, probably because it is some kind of a wild woman in real life too (do not believe me, it's biography) and for the sexy part of it just to see for yourself people. I only know, that it plays the kind of girl I love in this movie, because it's not too mainstream, an alternative look little and it even comes with a tattoo. <br /> OK the only pitfalls I felt while watching this film was, that there are not many actions, there is one totally unrealistic scene, the story is only OK and that there is not much joke. But after seeing the movie all I must say: WHO'S CAR. Why should I say that, well because it was always fun; There was a couple of cool cars chases; good music; some Bruckheimer scenes (where music combinations and actors line make your eyes wet); good actors who all made their jobs; beautiful car; A cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Ms. Jolie) and last but not least very nice and cool tools to reinforce the cars with. So some inconveniences here but still a very good and fun movie. All in all the best ways to describe this movie is that it is a OK movie with a cool ?? feel good finish. <br /> As for Nicolas Cage, Well ?? It is actually one of my favorite actors in the genre of action nowadays after the good films such as the Rock, Air, Face / Off, Snake Eye and finally this one. What actors have had many good / thriller actions in recent years with these successes? Well no one !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but it's one of my favorites too. Something really is true about Mr. Cages Bruckheimer's film is that they continue to get worse. The stone was a clear 9, Con air was a nice 8 and this well this is clearly 7. It's not that bad is bad. Does he not show that his film under Bruckheimer keeps getting worse and maybe cage to think again before he accepts a role in a movie and will probably do a few less movies? No it does not show us that, because almost all of the film's cage has succeeded in the last few years, except for 8mm and carrying out the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admitted that, but that was never the fault of the cage and the story seemed good to me. On the latter movie I can not say anything, cause I have not seen it again. One thing if I know for sure, if Bruckheimer would ask me for these three films, I would say yes to all of them. I would say yes to the Rock, because the story was great and because you would get to play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would say yes to Con Air, because there would be a lot of action in it, because the story was good and because you got to act with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this one I would have stared because I would have gotten a great paycheque, I could ride some cool and fast cars and because I could kiss Angelina Jolie (can not wait to see her in which Lara Croft is equipped). This one was a good choice in Mr Cage and it certainly was worth a look at in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
