This is a clever episode of TWILIGHT Zones that was funny rather than weird or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, a Janitor from 1890 America, working in a laboratory. It is still gripping about the issues that are near her: meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Eme!). It's still called after crazy speed (on bike - otto has not appeared again). Keeping in the end, he saw a helmet like a scientist, and put it on and try it. Suddenly it is in modern America. The beginning had a film seven minutes. Now it is all noise, all talk, all the bites, all blowing. Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He runs to Stanley Adams, a Rollo Professor, who realizes that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (it was mentioned by President Cleveland). Rollo has always wanted to live in that good, quiet age. It helps Mulligan get the helmet repaired, and back in time. Rollo gets bored after a while, due to the lack of scientific equipment that it can use. Mulligan puts helmets on him and sends him in the future. But now Woodrow is completely content with the quiet, simple age she lives in. She found happiness. In his last fifteen years, Buster Keaton has often been on television (many times for Allan Funt on Candid Camera, where he might help set up gag tracking on the public). He made a few films as well (most notably a FUNNY thing that happened on the road to the forum and the RAILRODDER). But it occasionally popped into television plays and episodes. He is in his element here, presumably advising the director (old film director Norman McLeod - he led the Marx Brothers at HORSE feathers) on the tricks he could do. See how Stanley Adams and his Adams time picking him up when he's pulling a pair of pants he needs. In terms of distribution she recalls one of her wounds in the 20s in films such as SHERLOCK JR. This episode shows that the fine Keaton is perfect for someone in the sixties. <br /> <br /> The devices in White Jesse (here as a repairman, all of this) is always welcome. But look a bit at "Teacher Rollo". Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in movies and TVs from the 1950's following his tragic succession in 1977. Plump, and without mercy, and heavy, loud voice, his best-known dramatic role was as developer The struggle in the movie version of REQUIEM for a great light (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a wrestler wearing a costume as an Indian). The best known TV appearance was as the merchant of space introducing the crew into the Starship Enterprise of STAR TREK to those furry, fertile little creatures "Tribbles" (as in the "problem and"). Adams has always been worth watching (like Jesse White, and certainly like Keaton), improving most of the productions he has appeared in. I never understood his suicide, but was a sad end to a first-character stage.
