Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up imprisoned for stealing cars and having it provided the plan for the perfect heist from a prison lifer; So he has to get out of prison, fast. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who will make his time in jail for some money. But no one wants to make the time for Cosimo's crime and yet everyone seems to know a guy who will do that. Soon to bad Boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) found out the details of this so-called "perfect job". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very funny and at my point I would recommend it to everyone. This film is noted in Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not look the original Italian so I can not judge or compare these two movies. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is great comedy for himself, about four people trying to rob the money in the vault of a house. Everyone gave the parties to shine at casting this movie. The film is really excellent for those actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave them to this project. <br /> <br /> Perhaps to say that this film is only comedy, not fair. This is more then that. Because of one difference. All thieves in this movie are very much willing to ask: what will they do with their money? It is especially concealed in the very modest way. This fact goes beyond the comedy of the soul in which criminals. And not only them, but also cast Babitch, who is presented as one corruption; so here the director of Russo presents us the fact that criminals and cop are the same. Actually all of the Collinwood; and not just in Collinwood, causes everyone to pursue money, legal or illegal ways. I do not like all the cinemas being eventually loved and cheers for stealing audiences. But this one is the exception. You have to love them all. Riley and her baby and wife in prison. Toto and his pants. Cosimo and his line: "your mother in a whore!" and everyone else. They are just like the character of my favorite comedy, Alan Ford. They're all trying to make some money, but they are simply out of luck. But they all did a good job: they gave money to Riley, so he can get his wife out of prison. They are all heroes in my eyes, causing many people to be honest.
