Having first watched the movie at 14, I remember being hit by hearing the 'govno' (sh * t) for the first time ever on the then-Soviet TV (I bet it really * * first time in history? anyone wants to add this trivia section? :) ... what an open and freedom fear I thought! As last year, I was much more impressed with the film and the incredible act, but my feelings turned out to be a kind of fun of a genuine piece of cinematic art and a bitter realization of a diametrically opposing 14-yo concept. impression: helplessness. There is a time of inevitable catastrophic throughout the film, in primitive degenerate bindings (embodied by Sharikov) sweeping their lives into the finest advanced humanities in their area ... It's a great metaphor of Russian revolution in general, inspired by intellectuals disappointed in their superiority and hopes to 'upgrade' the lower classes, only to unleash the power of substandard and get swallowed by it ... A very good and talented piece, packaging a really sad idea of ​​a brilliant satirical and elegant shape . Symbolically enough, the film itself marked the sequel to Soviet era tradition before the Hollywood tsunami hit them off? For good, it seems, judging by most current Russian movies (most of which are labeled 'blockbusters' in trailer trailer trailer and posters :). <br /> <br /> Practically, that 'govno' episode is in no controversy in commenting Efenstor above the rude language of current generation ... From what I have already said it might seem that this would The movie can show the way for this, but it was not. A serious word in the current standard, it was way too rude back then, and just rude enough to show the true nature of all Sharikovs ... BTW, re complaining the Efenstor, it is Soo naive juxtaposition being intellectual and using normally lexical, especially for Russian speakers, where one kussword might have the meaning of phrase translation! But I'm sorry to regret that ALL the meaning of speaking at teenager today can be expressed by cusswords. I feel that this is the biggest problem than the most effective choices for the work :) Well, this movie and the book are great foods for thought that might change, or anyone who can have a luxury to look at it.
