This movie (and yes, it's a movie - it's been shot as a two-party, but the two sides are down in a little over 2 hours) is one of the world's most cunning cinema makers. A very well, and yet at the same time absolutely wild denunciation of the Soviet Union and the kind of person who developed under it, the film is a faithful adaptation of the long-banned eponymous book by Mikhail Bulgakov. Groups are impeccable, and the director made the brilliant film maker of sepia monochrome, adding a sense of authenticity where the late-80s wash-out incarnation would have all but lost the movie. I will not say much about the plot, which deserves to be discovered by the visualise itself, but their performance is true Oscar material; Special mention goes from E. Evstigneev, who plays the old teacher with the presence, gravity and wisdom of that kind and barely a word or gesture, and ends up stealing each scene in the second inch course, is Christian / Sharikov, who, played in Perfectionism pierced by V. Tolokonnikov, is far more afraid of a character than Hannibal Lecter, because not only he exists in real life - all countries have been running in such people it's all history, and all that's indicated. While it's a political allegory society, it's worth mentioning that the film is also exuberant and humorous, albeit dark - there are many comedies that have not made me laugh as much as this movie. What's more, when laughing at this movie, the feeling is not just one of hilarity, but in understanding and agreement, which is still a plus. <br /> There is a complaint I hardly have with this movie - only slight flaws are intellectual tones / bourgeois snobbies I keep at times from the "illuminated" characters. But this is a minor chic. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie appears to have been alleged by Western licensed companies. It is a shame to cry that one of the all-round best films out there has been unrestored and untranslated languishes (which should not be extremely difficult - even though all cultural references and revolutionary terminology will necessarily fade into translation, the main theme of the movie should be accessible to all). While we're waiting with our fingers crossed for the Criterion Edition, I consider creating the translation myself myself. Will see how that works out.
