I had a morbid passion and tornadoes for more than 40 years, since my 5th year teacher, a native Texan, told stories about the person he had seen in his youth. Fortunately, I lived all my life in the Atlantic states, where tornadoes are rare and usually not as violent as those in the Midwest, but I had two tight encounters, one in PA and the other in NJ, in the last decade. I enjoyed the family scenes, particularly the conflict between Jack and Dan Hatch. When the tornado was closed, Dan knew most of what he was doing, and he probably learned that at school, since I know tornado security is a crucial issue in the United States where the storms are most often. However, characters in the movie have done two things that some people think they are supposed to do or are safe to do in tornadoes but they are actually not supposed to be or are not safe. <br /> When the first mermaids sounded, Dan and Arthur went to the house and opened the windows. For years, this is what people have said to do, but tornado securities website now advised against doing so. Also, people have been shown to hide in a subway highway. This method was made popular by an early 1990s video held by a T.V team. during a relatively weak twist in Kansas. However, in the most severe tornadoes, people can be sucked out of those underpasses. This was during an epidemic of 1999 in Oklahoma. <br /> <br /> The tornadoes of this movie hit in the fall, which is not a common time to happen. (Then again, one of my close meetings was held in late September.) They traveled northwest southeast, while most storms in the north hemisphere came from southwest to northeast. However, this is not all that unusual. A famous tornado hit Joliet, IL, at the beginning of the 1990s traveling in this direction (as did the one participating in my other closed encounters). <br /> I think the film should be put in the spring. This movie was based on a book that was in turn based on an actual event that took place on June 3, 1980. But it was still a compelling story.
