Ok, after reading a couple of reviews on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clear up some misunderstanding as it was a direct rip off from Nadia: Secret of the Blue Water. The only part that has been a ripple from Nadia is that the hanging from Nadia and pendant in Atlantis brings much resemblance to terms of how it is used, origin and how it creates from the source of life that there's no doubt about it being copied. If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia dress up looks then you could put that against Disney too (It was kind of weird for Nadia and Kida to wear bikini style clothes in a sci-fi adventure, not to mention them too from moving to a similar style). As an animated fan I have to agree to have some degree of copying, but it's just about the minor details and though not many of the ideas are original (like the encryption design on the wall of Laputa, the ancient mask from Princess Mononoke , the resemblance of the cars of the Garfish submarine of Nadia, etc.) ... The plot itself I believe it's very original and it's quite amazing that Disney can pull it off without the use of Captain Nemo (the main character in the 20k Jules Verne League under the Sea which is also the main character of Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean wearing similar style glasses ... As shown in the novel "Lord of Flies", glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Mylo, Jean, the main character from Stargate and a dozen of other "smart" characters would look inappropriate qualities for the role if they went to without glasses. As the submarines, and how the submarines fight (with torpedos that is wide that really looks like what Nautilius does), I want to declare it to a compulsory element for either one if Atlantis is involved in the draw (after all a city flowing under the water). As for the crew there are some similarities to the crew from Nautilius of Nadia, it might work the art, but I do not feel any copyright infringement as the character's personality was perfectly original to me. As an animated fan who rated Nadia as # 1 best animated I ever look even today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the preview. But now that I watch the movie, I once again blind my confidence with Disney and have high hopes for their future movies after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movie again without me is trembling in the sound of the songs in the middle of the movie and it's a plus that they review cheesy scripts to make it even better. Also, it's amazing that they actually show the bad guys look normal and out making them overly cunning at the start (I was wondering who the bad guys and the only blonde girl in looks like looks at a bad character in terms of how Disney draws it aka make the bad guys look really ominous)
