The film "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" is a gem-shining of the movie debris produced by Disney Studios recently. Parents who sit in "Jungle Book 2" or even a Pokemon movie will surely appreciate this one. The film is one of the few attempts of an original story; Movie features before they were merely hard to tell in existing stories. Movies like "Toy Story", "Finding Nemo", and "Monsters Inc" all do the same, but it must be noted that all were made by Pixar and only distributed by Disney. The recent films of Disney Studios are mostly delivered directly to video, and they end up in a successful movie. The quality of these films is given way to the profitability. A new era started with "Atlantis" after which they were "Mulan", "Lilo & Stitch", and most recently "Open Range". The writers have created all original story lines instead of the fairy tales of the past. A good portion of the movie devoted to the quest to find Atlantis, a job that captured the imagination very much for hundreds of years. Including this young Milo Thatch, voiced by Michael J. Fox. Milo is working in a museum in Washington D.C .. His grandfather was a renowned archaeologist, who devoted his life to discovering Atlantis. This was seen as a wasted by his peers, and hoping Milo does not follow in his footsteps. After he did not convince the museum board of directors to sponsor his expedition, Milo came home to find a woman in his black apartment. He took it to his employer, Mr. Whitmore. Whitmore was a close friend of Milo's grandfather, and she wants to send Milo with a team to get Atlantis. Mr. Whitmore is very wealthy and has paid for the best of everything. The team who is accompanying him is the same as his grandfather. The journey is filled with many great obstacles to overcome and is great fun to watch. The visitor finds himself caught up in whether they will arrive at Atlantis. The plot takes an unexpected turn after the discovery of the Atlantis, not only the discovery of people. It is enough to keep the interest in the older audience. The animators did a wonderful thing in then the depth of the animation. The film is very successful in mixing traditional animation and computer generated Image. A feat is not easy to achieve, the most audience is quick to notice the difference in the two. Characters are people. There are some nice types of chase, and lots of action goes on. A few shoots are filled with jokes that children just can not find. <br /> <br /> The creativity of the writers is really bright. Atlantis's rich culture develops, including an entire language. The film uses references to Atlantis from historic sources, such as Plateau. The disappearance of Atlantis from the world is explained. Believers, if not a younger audience, magic really exists. The powers of those Atlantis are not exactly presented as magic, but they can be best described in this way. Although setting in 1914 the use of technology levels is unrealistic. The trip is in a very remarkable submarine of Captain Nemo's nautilus, filled with sub-pods that fire Torpedo. The giant beads are driven by steam boilers to try for some era technology. Female characters have the power in such a way that women in the age would not have been, even holding the leadership role. This is not a bad thing. She provides a good role model for my daughter to look at, rather than an entire male cast. <br /> One reason this movie is a favorite on Disney movie is that there is not one single sing ever. A tradition that began with the first feature film, "Snow White", and bringing on in to the "Lion King", almost every Disney movie is full of optimistic songs. This is great and all, what would the Nine seven be without "Hi HO!"? After the million dollar time it would be almost better without, but one this parent's spare. Not once every single person on the screen suddenly knows the words in a song that no one ever heard before and broke out of song. I'm for one grateful. <br /> The story and depth of animation is sure to keep the attention of both parents and children alike. It's a movie I want to look again and again with my children.
