"Atlantis" is a new stage with the right to a Disney feature. It is a good choice to make a movie not as a mysterious legend like "Atlantis". I did not have any expectations for this movie, but after watching it, I did not quite understand why this movie got so bad reviews. Even in my country the reviews were not positive. <br /> <br /> "Atlantis" is not a perfect movie, but still one of the greatest Disney, even I doubt that this film ever will find "Disney classic" reputation. Well, this is another case. It's funny to think that this sci-fi movie was directed by the same directors as "Beauty and the Beast" and "Hunchback" (so Kirk Wise and Gary Trousdale are trying to get away from the monster monster reputation, read it, I just kidding). <br /> Well, enough nonsense. "Atlantis" is a movie, exit and very enjoyable movie. Even this film is a PG-rated action-feature, it's also suitable for kids, in my opinion (the parents deny the opposite, do not kill me for writing this, and read it). The story is slightly predictable, but it does not ruin the movie. The comic book-inspired comedy is inappropriate for the movie and set in a departure from the usual Disney-style. It's colorful, dark and detailed. High sequence canvas are very impressive. The movie is also funny sometimes, even more giggled than laughing in the movie. (SPOILERS) The characters of this movie are also very likable, but unfortunately do not have enough screen time to get to know everyone, so some characters remain behind (spoilers). Newton Howard is absolutely great. It's daring and exotic. (SPOILER) Most impressive on this movie is how to make the sound of Atlantean sound very natural, ethnic and authentic. It's really awesome (SPOILERS OVER) <br /> <br /> The script is tight and well written, but there are still some questions left unanswered in the story. But luckily there are not many of them. So you are self a favor, do not listen to the reviewers and watch "Atlantis", cause it is waiting for you.
