Disney, the film name that once stood for all the innocent and inappropriate things for all ages, finally began to realize that to survive it needed to become more diverse. These diversities were very noticeable in the couple in recent years. Films such as "Tarzan" and the "New Groove Emperor" made an attempt to move away from the traditional singing-driving routine of Disney's past and the new, unknown territory. "Atlantis" is the stage again fidelity, but we must remember: This is still Disney. The first ever porn movie from Disney's animation studio is a major success for them - in fact it's so serious it makes it into PG territory. Maybe why a lot of families were scared off from seeing it last summer. <br /> But despite the mature mature content, this is still a movie that Disney wanted to draw from family and, not just mature audience, so the draw had to be kept simple enough for kids to understand, but interesting enough to take him away from the reigns of the "Little Mermaid" et al. <br /> So what we find is actually a potential scheme potentially, unfortunately suffering the course of condensation in a 96-minute movie. Finally, this is an action film about Atlantis, not on the display before it's so we're whisked in the first half hour and as many sequels to bombard the screen as possible without loss of coherency. Stop your disbelief in how the characters get to point A and point B so quickly, you'll easily find an animated movie coming from Hollywood! If you want seasonal levels of the scheme, go to James Cameron's "Titanic". Both films feature a boat in some ways. <br /> Let's talk about love, for us? Yes, as with a lot of films, lead men (one Milo Thatch, a bumbling archaeologist) and female lead (Kida, the shadow of the Atlantic Princess) have fallen in love with each other. But what I found was not like clichés as I expected. By the end of the movie, for once, the characters touching / feeling / kissing sequences were far more submissive. There are various points in the movie where the attraction is growing, but it's just not at the ballpark in, say, the "Little Mermaid" (A Good). <br /> You can pick up that this is a rather clickable thread. Correct. You have your leading hero and heroine, supported by more than half a dozen crew members who go to the expedition, all given their time during the movie. Many other characters appear, take a few minutes of course, then disappear. It does not take a genius to do the math ?? a 96 minute movie with a focus on action and visual, and a considerable cast, there are very little time to expand the characters of any major measure. So, what does he count on? Cliche, and many of them. Each character emulates something that did a thousand times before. You have the bumbling scientist, the attractive princess, the square-jaw colon, the unique rich man, the male maniacal sleazy, the Russian femme fatale ?? need i go on? <br /> I do not know why this happened to anyone ?? I found the tongue-in-the-breath of this movie quite fun. Well, this means to be a serious movie flick, but do you really expect Disney to give up every single feature of their story? At least the writers have tried to come up with witty spirits, and sometimes it's a bit inspiring. <br /> But in the end it's these great stunning visuals that put the icing on this cake. The CGI activity is truly amazing in places, and not dwarfing the characters, which was a flaw that left the last "Titan A.E." down. Speaking of Character, Disney hired an outdoor comic artist to create their drawings, bringing an anime style to the movie. Infacting the visual presentation of the movie as a whole must be a lot of animated, more so than any previous Disney outing. This resulted in a controversy with fans of the Japanese anime, "Nadia", for the overall film similarity to the series of cartoons. Do you see this animated, I can not comment. <br /> With photos, there sounds. Gary Rydstrom directs the sound team, and what a band! From the opening to the sound scene sound is alive and it is a treat. James Newton Howard treats us in a dynamic music note, which compliments the film in every way, never sounded out of place and always helps build the tension or under it. <br /> <br /> Maybe I missed the point at what the creators intended. For me, the movie conveys that it's an adventure thrill ride, albeit with a tighter tone than any Disney movie before it. If you do not like clichéd tongue-in-a-breathing mood, then maybe the effort that was poured into the visuals will be fun. Heck, at least the mythology is far more correct than to say about other Disney efforts (* coughs Hercules * cough *). This is a positive, 10 out of 10 reviews, from someone who was hauled by this movie. I always stop my disbelief and any animated movie ?? After all, the laws of the real world are more than often broken into medium of cartoon. So sit back, enjoy the ride, and maybe everyone can find something to enjoy on this movie.
