Military training forms will become so common that they will become a genre for themselves. Among the most important we have, "Officer with a Man," "Top Gun", "GI Jane", and now "Honor Men". The fact that this one comes true does not change the fact that the formula is the same. This film is probably more like `GI Jane 'since it focuses on the angle of decree. <br /> The story is actually quite inspirational and is probably the best person-interest story among those mentioned above. Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is indifferent to a man of great courage and principle, and his strength in the brightest character of this film. Unfortunately, director George Tillman has tunnel vision in presenting the characters and eschews character development of various characters other than Brashear in favor of showing Brashear in a constant state of adversity. Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro) is a central figure, and except for the initial stage, the fistfight and a couple of scenes with his wife, we do not know much about it. For example, Brashear sees the marks on Sunday night and we must assume that he has worked a plow, but no follow-up on this point. Mr. Pappy (Hal Holbrook) gets only a short scene where we can judge him. The rest of the screen shows it all around. If a director will make a human interest story, he needs to imitate the characters. Cuba Agent Jr provides exceptional performance such as Brashear. This is probably the best I've seen him. This is a role and a character that is far more complete than any part he played before, and he woke up on the occasion. In 'Jerry Maguire', Rod Tidwell was a fascinating character, but one dimension and depth of a puddle of rainwater. Brashear is more complex with the basis, and the problems it faces are life crisis, making the party far more difficult. This is an excellent recovery in Gooding's last role in `Chill Factor ', a so unobtrusive film that it was almost a professional suicide act to take part. After a reverie trying his hand as a comedy ('Analyzing this,' 'Rocky & Bullwinkle Adventures', 'Parents Meet'), Robert DeNiro is back to its dramatic roots and an outstanding performance. DeNiro is not a bad comedy, it's just like a great dramatic actor that it seems like it should not waste his time doing comedy. DeNiro individual Billy Sunday with a hard rock personality belying a turtle soul. It's a pleasure to watch her work. <br /> It looks like every movie I watched recently has Charlize Theron in it. I saw the legend of Bagger Vance, Honor Men and Yard Rights in a row and I began to wonder if he had a part of every movie in 2000 (actually, he only made five). This was a minor role for Theron, but he carried it on well and managed to stay with DeNiro step-by-step. David Keith, who co-starred with Richard Gere at 'Officer with a Mr.', has a chat here <br /> <br /> The DVD has some interesting special features, including Carl Brasher's real reflections and some deleted scenes. <br /> I enjoyed this movie despite the charging scheme and presentation in one dimension. I rated it a 7/10. I'm a sucker for storytelling stories and I have a fondness for stories where the strength of character is the central theme. This film is particularly strong in both areas and brings us of memorable acting performance that compensates for some of the principal's imperfection.
