After watching two of his silent shorts, 'Elena and his Man (1956)' is my first movie film-film from French Jean Renoir, and I enjoy it. However, I did not watch the movie for Renoir, but for star Ingrid Bergman, who ?? at age 41? still bursting foremost beauty, elegance and charm. During the early 1950s, following his scandalous wedding to Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily dropped out of public favors. His next five films, directed by her husband, were unsuccessful in the United States, and I suspect that Renoir's recent release had little to improve Bergman's popularity and English-speaking audiences {however, he had recovered success her former and an Oscar in the same year 'Anastasia (1956)'}. It stars as Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a guardian of the kind, brings success and gratitude to those promising everywhere, before promptly abandoning them. While working his lobby charm to help the political aspirations of the distinguished General Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), he finds himself falling in love that he will not be able to go away. This vaguely-political movie works well as either a Satir or a romantic comedy, as long as you do not take it too seriously; It's purely lighthearted romantic romantic. <br /> The vibrant Technicolor filter, 'Elena and His Men' looks terrific as well, a bunch of bright colors, characters and costumes. The Polish princess Bergman is awakened with a bit self-absorbed, not in an incredible way, but hardly a woman of high principles and convictions. It is convinced by a team of mute government-conspirators to persuade General Rollan to step out a coup, exploiting his love for him in order to meet his own hallucine as a "guardian angel." Perhaps only the character of the virtual character is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then Audrey Hepburn's husband), who ignores everyone's selfish motives and pretend to Elena for love, and love alone. This, Renoir proudly suggests, that is what the French really do best. 'Elena and her husband' also tried, with moderate success, exposed the superficiality of French upper-class bonds, through the negligence clergyman of Eugene (Jacques Jouanneau), who can not make love to his master's masters without fiancé 'walk through them. For these sequences, Renoir was obviously trying to sort of madcap into humor that you could find in a Marx Brothers movie, but the movie itself is so relaxed and laid-back that the energy just does not.
