Since the third or fourth I watched some time ago, I was abridged in La Maman and the Putain while I waited for the DVD. In the meantime, I read the French movie as well as Alain Philippon's Monograph on Jean Eustache. The letter ends with a frustrated film, eleven films, fiction, docs, and in-between, impossible to see or, in the cases of Mommy Petite Girls with Le Grand Christmas ..., re-seen. /> A few questions that struck me this moment: French-Polish colonel many kolok (a maximum d '"a maximum d'"). Even so, does he have an accent? I think I can say it. What is the absence of color added, especially in the sole spot the beach in the city is glimpsed? How does this fringe differs from the sleep and travel that separates the world from the storm and the Winter Tale? Dito Alphaville. We can imagine the past years since doing it, but Eustache deliberately circumscribe the film's film? Is this an enchanted island? Is it a Fairy Tale Alexandre? Alexandre still choreographed himself, worrying about how or where to stand or walk, what to say when, announcing those decisions who have to care less than he does. Or is this the way to try choreographing others by making it in mind? How different is it from the Scottie Vertigo? (I say, I think, very.) What are the differences, and which one, between Léaud Eustache, and the Truffaut, and Godard? How different is Léaud present? Is not it still doing it, regardless of what it is, in the past roles, Irma Vep, Le Pornographe, regardless of that, approaching old age? Once I arrived early for one in a series of mostly Antoine Doinel (Léaud's character) Truffaut film. For a long time, every three or five minutes, down the go would be a twenty-one male in scarf, tweedy dress, Léaud hair, and a directional-looking nose. I have no idea if this was consciously or unconscious. I was that old, but there is no idea what I myself looked like then. No scarf, at least. I have a brother, though, who seems to have learned his chariot from Bresson.
