As it is in the sky {RESTORATION} <br /> This was a great human drama that stimulated my emotions and my imagination. This is a parable of the life and death of Christ. Daniel is a gifted superior musician, who is physically and mentally exhausted by his career, and has given it. When he entered a church choir as his district, he brought about a transformation into choral life, as Jesus did in the first century Palestinian society. They laugh, they begin to speak openly and truthfully about each other, to express their views, to accept each other, to become loved one by one, to become a vital community.They are mentally impaired (Tore), as they are integrity. The pastor, Stig enjoyed the authority to impose a whole morality on the congregation, and is gradually rejected by the choristers. When Stig dismisses Daniel, there's a riot, and Stig is breaking. Stig represents the Jewish authorities in Jesus' day, with insistence on obedience to the Jewish law, giving a great difference in the new life by the "golden rule" brought to Jesus. <br /> In one dramatic scene, someone declares "the church has invented sin." All in the movie, there is the contrast between moral-and vital living (being). The true story of Christ, Daniel is killed by Conny, when he defeated him, let him drown in the river. Next scene, we can hardly believe it when Daniel (resurrected!) The bodies dragged into his room (the tomb) wrapped in a white white sheet (the blanket!), By three women (three women holding vagrancy at the foot of the cross in the gospel) Daniel draws well to Lena, a beautiful young woman who has been betrayed by a loved one, and who is now promising (Jesus has developed a close relationship with Mary Magdalene-Lena was probably a high / whore courtesan). Through Lena, Daniel learns love, something she's craving for, and now gets gained. The song singing by Gabriella, composed by Daniel, is all about living a full life, in contrast to moral correctness that leads to anxieties of sin, and that of good and evil. <br /> <br /> The final scene shows the choir all songs / humming in harmony, as a mantra, drawing at the great audience, illustrating the harmony and interconnection that is our true human destiny.
