A famous orchestra conductor, Daniel Dareus, suffered from a heart attack while finishing a concert. Suddenly, we looked at him as he came to the small town that he had left years before. Since he leaves young, and whose name has changed contributed to him a new character. He bought the old school building where he planned to stay. The building needs a lot of work. One would expect a man in his position to have all the comforts of the world he left behind to be installed in his new stay, but no, Daniel set with the hard winter in his own way. Local pastor, Stig, whose church has a small chorus, comes to see if he can be interested in Daniel's help, but the conductor has no desire to go back to music. Daniel begins to explore his new universe. People in the city leave it alone. He made an impression on Lena, who works in the local store where he goes to his food supply. It's not little, he's coming around he decides to involve himself and the chorus. Lena will finally fall in love with Daniel. At first, the relationship between Daniel and Chorus members was not exactly what he expected. As they get to know him better, they come around to accept him and make him one of them. His new position does not like it to the woman who used to be in charge. Members of the choir are a motley crew, but they realize the change in Daniel's way of interpreting different songs. The new piece composed of Gabriella, a wounded wife, has a great impact on her life and her fellow musicians. <br /> <br /> Daniel idea for the dispute with the Stig's own repertoire. The watchman suddenly begins to see Daniel in a new light; It is a person who loves pornographic pornography before he likes his wife, Siv. Conflicts his ideas with the dogmatic, as Siv point him. Stig decided to try to put a stop to what he considered an unhealthy influence in Daniel by shooting him as the top of the chorus. <br /> <br /> The chorus, has been invited to participate in a tour competition in Austria. Daniel, who has now fallen totally for Lena, has a chance to show for the first time in his life his feelings for him when he begins to find doubts about their relationship. Daniel late for his concerts, heard them perform extraordinary music even though he was not among them. <br /> <br /> Home Pollak, the director of this film enormously appealed, showed he was the man directing it. The story involves the viewer from the start. The big part of the film's success has gone into the cast of ensembles that have put together. William Nykvist, who plays the leading role is the best avenue for watching the movie. Frida Hallgren, Niklas Falk, Ylva Loof, makes excellent work for Mr Pollak. Stefan Nilsson is the composer for most of the beautiful music one heard. Harald Gunnar Paalgard's cinema makes the movie look best captured different seasons for the viewer of their beauty.
