Firstly, I really enjoyed this movie and its message, which is about to give life to full life. Very poetic, and cheerful and funny and sad scene, very lively, was a pleasure to watch. Here are the "exceptions" though: the film was way too long and at some point, it kept adding more and more additional conflicts so that it started losing lines in the main story. I agree though with another comment that its unrealistic number of people have "unusual" issues in such a small village. I think this was absolutely realistic! There is incredible sustainability going on all over, we just do not know about those we meet only superficially. I nurtured the end, which was so busy with symbols and very forced. He left a bad taste as he was just too much. I did not like it that many big issues were mentioned dramatically in the group (when some accused others in front of everyone else in bigger things, people would just have more "shame" in the voice of everything for the staff in front of all people, though they are a group of people working closely). And: Defending itself is a person-bee most instinct. So why would the world have left Daniel beat himself and never fought back, did not even defend himself? I mean he was not weak, he could at least try to defend himself when attacking but he just drove me upset to see him do nothing. It was as if telling the story trying to force through a message like "unnecessary violence," but the way he chose to do so was not good. I am also against violence but the character loses credibility when it remains unmoved despite all the attacks. And: Gabriella ... why on earth would be a woman, who spent years with a man beating her up, going to the man when he was arrested and said "I do not want you any wrong. You've just done your best, like all of us ". Oh really, this spoils many! Was it going to be a saint or what? It would be normal for her to be bitter, but not so "holy" and therefore is not human. Was his job with Daniel and music so much that he had forgotten everything that happened to him? Oh, please. So these were moments of spoil. But I still think this is a delightful movie all at all, which is amazing enough, given my discomfort and some things. Look-l !! ;-) "
