The famous international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack and insisted life to handle his professional career and interrupt his successful career with an early retirement. She decides to return to her hometown in northern Sweden, from where her mother left when she was a boy old tender boy intimidated by Conny and other school mates, to live a life of low-rhythm. He bought an old school and invited to participate in the church choir by the local Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk), but the hesitate and shy refusal of the principle. However, she gets involved in the community and feels she was attracted by Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman who has a past with the local physician. His music opens the hearts of members of the chorus, affecting their daily lives: the door slowly (André Sjöberg) is likely to participate in the chorus; Inger (Ingela Olsson), wife of Stig, releases sexual reproduction; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes an attitude over her abusive and violent husband; The gossip and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) open his heart against Lena; Grem Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) crys enough against the jokes of Arne's businessman (Lennart Jähkel); Even Daniel begins to love people and Lena as the love of his life. When invited to participate in an important contest in Vienna, Daniel found his music opening the heart of those who made his dream come true. <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a touch and sensitive film, with a very beautiful story. It is impressive how Director Pollak and script writers could develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes running time. Performances are top-notch, supported by magnificent music notes and at least two awesome moments: when Gabrielle sings it at the concert, and certainly the latest concert in Vienna with the audience journal, and everyone participating in the melody, and Daniel made his dream come true. Like the "Teorema", strangers change their lives, not just a family, but in a conservative community. Further, as many European cinemas, the open conclusion indicates that Daniel actually dies, at least in my interpretation, reaches peace and success in his music. My eyes get wet in these two scenes. My vote is nine. Title (Brazil): "A Vida by Paraíso" ("Life of the Paradise")
