My expectations were very high for this movie. Everyone I know who saw this movie in the movie told me that everyone was left in their credit because they were so touched. My expectations could not have been any higher, nothing short of wonderful would be disappointed to me. <br /> I was nothing but shame by this movie. I liked how he faced hard topics without going through the usual steps a Hollywood movie tends to include. In this film character worked in the problems being for decades, they worked in prejudice, they learned to open up. But it did not come easy, and it just does not sing a song or two. He was painful, he argued, he was confronted. It felt like real life. <br /> A scene that really sticks out to me was the scene in which Gabriella sang it. Helen Sjöholm is one of my favorite musicians, her voice is beautiful, and you might say that she was not just lip-synced into a previous recording during filming (which I often find in other movies), she really singing with his whole body and soul. You can feel that Gabriella felt at this stage. This film was made in Hollywood's songs would most likely have sung songs toward the end, and would make her husband open his eyes and see mistakes in his way, as well as doing Others in the village realize something or two. Instead he came half, and he did not bring any solutions. Her husband did not become overwhelmed and realized that he had put her in, and she did not seem to make anyone else in the village more open minded. She was beautiful, she was pure and touched but she did not magically solve all her problems. That felt my real, that's what's probably going to happen in real life. The movie all felt like real life for me, nothing is neatly wrapped but everything with a sense of joy and happiness. You rarely get a movie that is so realistic. There was a few things that bothered me, but hey, no movie is perfect. If you do not already have to go see "As it's in Heaven" and be filled with a joy for life, a sense of hope and feeling that you have touched on a movie level rarely happened. You will be sad, sad, happy and a dozen other emotions. Someone once said that if every person in the world was singing in a choir there would be no more war. Have you seen this movie I might disagree.
