Pollak's house in 2004's heart-warmest so in the sky / As it is in the sky there are all stereotypes of humanity Sweden and inhumanity again managed to be a crowd-pleaser. He has many ammunition for cynical criticism, continuity of mistakes and saccharin debunkers, but managed to show the colors of life in a small community evocatively. The film also runs gamut of sprybial messages on 'get one's own voice' and 'just do it despite one's fear,' without completely removing the ball from the throats of cynics. <br /> <br /> Its success as a pleaser crowd from reality. Firstly, small films about strangers bring new life into rural Christian communities to provide many dimensions for exposure to hypocrisy while at the same time allowing reprimand characters to break out of their hair. The same year with a breeze similar to the Swedes, the queen of Sheba's pearls did it, and Babette's birth also came to mind. Secondly, any movie about small communities taking over the world wide will hit a human world code increasingly individually / self-focused and impartial. The structural similarity of this movie and Monty complete love, Brassed Off, Girls' Calendar, and On a clear day show its debt in the formula. But it is a formula and life left in it again, and this seems to be because people need positive - movie messages that evoke a sense of community almost in spite of themselves. <br /> <br /> The stranger burns out Maestro Daniel Daréus on a quest for self-rediscovery. The city read visits, or rather revised, is, the subconscious of the townspeople, the place of its infancy. He was intimidated by peers here, supposedly because he was a tender maker without the aspiration of driving a truck. Here, he takes the work of canton / choreographer, despite the usual suspicions of artists and strangers. The place is, of course, populated by a wide range of recognizable types of archival characters to predict: the broken-hearted, fair-haired girl is almost blinking; cellphone-ringing the local businessman; The woman whose beauty is lost among domestic abuse; The pregnant pastor and his wife said less, the first seem right from Ingmar Bergman. Also present: jalous, spinster en (Siv) (check); geriatris whose soul still sings (check); elderly couples who could reprimand the desire for each other since kindergarten (check); obese people whose function is in point out we should not laugh and say 'fatty' (check); intellectually disabled boys who prove to be able to sing a good 'A' (check). Pollak's movie is not all hot fuzzies, however. It is disturbed from the 'let's put on a show despite the sub-genre conflict and moral opposition.' It has violence and an end that might well be a metaphor for dying after realizing creative nirvana. The violence of the film is mainly a function of male anger and repression, but never delves deeply into why the bullying school that grows up in a wife's stick is like this. Similarly, Pastor's small town well admitted to the moralist, black-set super-Protestant stereotype, whose secret indulgence in girlie magazine is hardly surprising. Its repressions and hypocrisies are just the, pendant-related psychological facts. Perhaps the unexplained picture of a young boy, a lost son maybe, glimpsed once on his shoulder, holds the secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these holes are functions of correction, such as several inconsistencies and continuous glances that can be stained, like revelations without the explanation of the Sivan in the chorus (twice) after the opening of moralists. In fact not one of the last movie sections of the film is very long and all seems to settle in a scene. Apart from two of the few loving scenes, the 127-minute movie pulled pull, but there is a feeling that things can be left off on the cut-off floor. The movie remains solid three-star-price despite the holes that can be taken in it. This is simply because of a world of technology-focused flicks and self-seeking materialism, any glimpse in the human community is, deep down, welcoming to anyone, even the cynic.
