This is a very refreshing BBC-TV mini-series that is wound based on a mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is really more of a study of the characters matching in the story, which lasts for five hours. It's so much a piece of ensembles, where various brilliant British actors and actresses can show their talents. The real characters described are really 's type of people that are not normally satisfied', those are so boring and undesirable that it is difficult to admire them. For example, the lead character is a young husband (one of his missing wives) with no work and no apparent interest in finding any. He lives on leaflets from his parents-in-law. It was once in the Army, but it does not seem to be the slightest hunting of any ambition or any interest in life apart from doting about his little family. It was played by David Oyelowo, who is brilliant at the party, coming across as a totally sympathetic person, although his only activity for five hours of love and sorrow, which he does superbly, so that one wants to comfort him, , as it is so obviously a nice guy. The outstanding performance of the entire series is unconditionally Penelope Wilton, who acts circle everyone else in the story. It's simply incredible. It shows a very sympathetic woman, indeed the only character in the story that is all too familiar to everyone, ie an irrational, hypertext, self-centered, dance, adolescent, blind eye and blind eyes, elder people -families. Alas, alas, we know they are too well. Wilton is one of Britain's most beautiful actresses (see my review of it at 'Half Broken Things'). It takes a character that could be two-dimensional and its four dimension. It is beautifully supported by old pro Patrick Malahide, who plays her exasperated husband, and the fear of putting a high standard true for all the youngest players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress when she was younger, became a less sympathetic kind of person now that she is older, she was koarsened in one way, and put the one, but she rachems herself in the stages In the story does not show how brilliant an actress it can when he has a chance not to pull to one of the most compelling and original drunk scenes I've ever seen on the movie. The great surprise is Sarah's Enigma, played with great depth and originality by actress Sarah Smart. It takes a character that might have been obnoxious tiring and not absolute magic act to turn it into a mysterious and intriguing human, on whom we demand tirelessly for the five hours all. It's so good at it that we're finished asking about Sarah Smart, frankly. I guess this happens when you really do your job well, that someone asks where the character ends with the actress begins, if he knows himself, that is, and many do not. He has some deeply unnecessary tricks and his eyes, angry and tell us he is unhinged, but we're not sure how or why, even though we eventually learn that he has a very violent and traumatic child. Her master of facial limb expression is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is amazingly convinced as an apparently unlucky fellow living with his mummy, not so many, but turning out to have hidden hides. (I suppose most people have hidden seals, but we want to plunge them, that's the question.) His mum played pretty well by Margot Leicester. A superb performance provided by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a snotty, revolting young girls in the sort of all the scary meet, but at the critical moment collapses in tears deterred and turns out to be pathetic, with all its arrogance just a poses. Three other kids are also very good, Lucinda's friends, and her youngest half-brother and half-sister. Smaller brothers and sisters can be very dim as characters in the story (they seem to be particularly articulous, they have witnessed no hope of the disappearance), and little recommended but sweet nature, but this is aimed with beautiful effects by Lee Massey as the boy and Tyler Anthony as the girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we do not get to see much of it, which is a shame, as it is like a fine actress that he wasted here. One can go on, but one must draw a line somewhere. The series managed to be strangely fascinating because of the depth of paintings of all these essentially refreshing keep in a website of intense anxiety and suspense.
