Always the definitive program about World War II, the World of War is not only long, but also very informative. The series has 26 episodes (each episode lasts for about 45 min.), And includes the events leading up to and after them in the wake of the war. Most episodes are about the war in Europe, and there are several episodes on the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information about the wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic and home fronts in Germany, Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is only one episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series starts off with the episode of A New Germany (1933-1939), and says about the Nazi increase in Germany and the German territory before the epidemic war. The series ends with the episode of Remember; Influence the war in a world after war. Remember is a fitting episode to complete this great program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then with opening credits. Credit is accompanied by a powerful music theme. There are many music pieces fitting throughout the series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The foot is fantastic, and so is the way it was joined together. In addition, some of the foot is in color. Information also includes making memorable and fun episodes. The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Commissioned in 1969, it took four years to produce, as was its in-depth research. The series was narrated by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century). The series of leading members of the Allied and Axis Campaigns, including testimonials by civilians, insurers, officers and politicians, include Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Boy and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs said to "make the world of war" that he was trying to interview, not necessarily surviving the great names, but their help and assistant. The most difficult subject to locate and convince for interviewing, according to Isaacs, is Deputy Heinrich Himmler, Karl Wolff. The letter admits to witness a large-scale execution of Himmler's presence. <br /> <br /> The world of war is often regarded as the definitive television story of the Second World War. Some consider it the finest example of the documentary form. In a list of the 100 Greatest British TV Programs drawn up by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted for by industry professionals, the 19th World War of War. The program has everything that the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes I liked the series so much that I tried to watch the episodes that stayed one after the other. I've seen some of them several times. There are two other great documentary series that I know in which case the viewer's interest. One called the Great Grandmother (1964) this is about the First World War. The other is called Cold War (1998) on the Cold War obviously.
