This is Paul F. Ryan's characteristic first and only full length. It has not done anything since. However, he managed to get an amazing cast ensemble showing the characters in his story. I do not know when or why the idea looks at himself, but Ryan wrote a scenario later that came his own film, "Home Chamber". Occupy Philipps brings the film on his shoulder as Alicia, a troubled girl; those we are still watching TV series. With black hair and black dress; A pack of cigarettes in the pocket, weird look with disturbing eyes (and makeup, of course). An event occurred at his school; a shoot. Some students died, and he saw everything. Now Detective Martin Van Zandt (Victor Garber) is investigating the case, and, as expected, Alicia is a suspect. But the shoot is just the genie; The film is not about shooting. <br /> <br /> The bed lies in a hospital room is Deanna Cartwright (Erika Christensen). He is one of the survivors in the hospital. The script establishes a bond between them, by the Principal (James Pickens Jr.). It helps all students recover from the event, but Alicia does not seem to care for. It is isolated. So the principal punished her; He needs to visit Deanna every day until five o'clock clock. Then the movie begins. <br /> I can not even describe how beautiful writing I think the movie is. I can identify with the characters and situations they live; I love reality. Things could happen to anyone. And things they say are fully understood. They are growing and trying to cope with things they have not experienced; they are doing their best. Without knowing it, Alicia (when she visits Deanna for the first time) and Deanna (when she sees Alicia standing in front of her) will begin a journey through which will define the personality and ideas for the next step in life; after high school. The director leads Christensen and Philipps in their role very well. See the contrast between them. Deanna seems naive and clear; There is no complexity inside her mind. When Alicia entered her room and saw tons of flowers she asked, "Who made them?". "Many people," Deanna replied; although some days later we learn from her parents, who comes every week. The figures are well represented, but not as important as their son's characters. Deanna is alone. Alicia seems mature and violent; smoking cigarettes and talking roughly. But after two days to visit, he found himself back to the hospital every day; even sleeping in Deanna's bedroom all night. When they both have a fight afterwards, I believe Deanna says: "Why do you keep coming back?". Alicia is also lonely. <br /> Finishing in the movie, without damaging it, comes a bit disappointing; it's something I did not wait for. It eliminates some of the force the film has. The Revelation is fully needed; Decreasing the logic climate that the film could have had. It was an excellent script anyway; with an excellent direction. A damn hot buddy. <br /> <br /> When it comes to Erika Christensen, this was her role that needed to fly higher. His role in "Traffic" was impressive, but this was the big step; the main role. Maybe not much was likely to see it in this movie, and that's a pity. He has not been doing one wrong move since then. It even came out with good performance in terrible movies. On the other hand, Busy Philipps, who has proved highly promising in this film (what a transformation), has not had much opportunity for other roles. Even I say about Paul F. Ryan (in directing, in cursing), and I hope he sat right now in his computer to end his new script; I'm waiting for his next movie. I hope the best for all of them.
