Laurence Olivier's music and gloom delivery puts the tone perfectly for this exceptional documentary. This is still a must see for WW II buffs, grandchildren of participants in such conflicts, politicians who think things are still going their way by extending foreign policy through the pile of an insurance company (you've heard that George Bush?) And anyone else who is curious or who needs to know whos whats and sew in some aspects of this conflict. The 26 episodes are approximately in chronological order but can be seen from sequences since they have more or less self. There are bound to be new insight for the new viewer because of the absolute volume presented. Current footage of battles is interspersed with interviews of people involved in the stories. Many of the interviews are with second line authorities, that is, personal support to the main characters, private, chief, secretary, witnesses and the like. You get a real upfront taste in what war is all about. <br /> I now watch the DVD version of the original TV documentary. I recommend this on the tear out, gaptoothed, overpriced VHS offerings available on eBay. I paid $ 120 Cdn for five DVD-sided DVDs. This new release includes bonus material and is in full screen mode. The menus are easy to follow, there are first a choice in which episode you want to see and then after choosing to give you the option of various chapters of the episode or to play the whole episode. He understands with a presentation as a small amount of browsing in the menu but the impact of what you see is not reduced after 30 years, No, after 60 years since the war ended. /> I remember seeing the first broadcast on the Buffalo PBS station just before moving from London in 1975 and wanting from that time that I could have a copy. Now I want to finally come true. <br /> Look at this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges overcome by people from America, Russia, Britain, Canada and all nations and people involved in the final victory. What is an eye box.
