This series, which produces in probably the most favorable time after the events of World War II, is on a scale of value that stands above everybody's assumption of criticisms. The time of the world's war production In 1974, amounting to some three decades after the events of the war, allowed an accurate-related event in an uncolored way by residual proponents and slant. The passage of thirty years allowed the telling to be backed up by an impressive and fascinating panoply of the highly involved people, ranging from some of the highest military and political figures down to the field, civilian soldiers, and the survivors of The death camps as they remain to bring witness to the unimaginable witness of civilized people. Most approaching or well in the senior year, the subjects interviewed had time to think about their experiences and in most cases they had enough time for whatever propaganda and clashes could affect them in the past were to be remodeled away, leaving only The memories of what they saw and what they did. <br /> The information provided by survivors, tapping strengthened by their postures and expressions is shown while telling the parties, giving their stories all the more impact. These names include Ira Eaker, Adolph Galland, Louis Mountbatten, Albert Speer, Gertrude Junge (Hitler's personal secretary) ... The list is far too long to report. Today, throughout the lifetime survivors of this enormous lesson at the grueling cost of political ambition, are young people who sing the same sort of military promotions and nationalist wars as lead to WW2. The DVD series we discussed here must have the core of a compulsory history topic in schools, that the lessons were purchased at such a horrible price in those days would not have been wasted but should be taken into the heart by non did see terrible eye prices. <br /> I almost watched 11 discs, saw most of the series when a local TV channel revealed it over 10 years ago. He lost none of his poignancy, indeed became even more of a magnificent chronicle in some of the most humane times in humans. <br /> <br /> The higher rating possible seems worthy of being applied to this presentation. I think the value of this series is beyond counting.
