This exciting feature has a very good history-line, rather colorful character with a very fixed speed. He also incorporates a tracing device from the "wildlife harvesting", and since Cecil B. Deille has ruled that with his son in Ambhron Quinn directed this film from his preparation, which can hardly have a coincidence . It works in both cases, I must report. The etiquette that shows Barataria, an island led by Jean Lafitte was built on pirates, but during the war 1812, and before, he still refused to leave the United States vessels. Now General Andrew Jackson has been charged with defending New Orleans nearby and only 12,000 people against 60,000 British Imperial British and 60 ships. The Lafitte man wants him to the strongest force; He wants freedom and forgiveness for his men before ceding as a strategic landing site of US forces. There are other factors in the line-line work; Boat Bonnie Brown and his father want to attack the U.S. ships and do so in the challenge of Lafitte's order, leaving a lively boy without knowing being missed a witness. When her testimony finally comes out, Jackson can not give what Lafitte asked; but Lafitte supports him anyway and in the fog, the pirates and Jackson the British Road and he sails away at any destiny awaits a man who has genius and statemanship, but not fortune. Throw in this colorful and physically-beautiful movie that's all right skilled. Yul Brynner has one of her best roles as the pirate king, Inger Stevens is beautiful; As the girl she likes, Charles Boyer has many good lines as his mentor, powerful Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Governor Marshall, and Claire Bloom are charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Other people in the cast include Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson's counselor, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries, and Leslie Bradley, among others. Music by Elmer Bernstein is very memorable, and the 1938 script restarts here was only to freshen up a bit. The bright science worked in Faithful Griggs veteran, the set decor was supplied by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, and decoration decoration by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley has made the elaborate hairstyles with Wally Westmore the tough makeup. The film has quite a bit of good adventure dialogue and a very strong climate battle scene. Charlton Heston, as Andrew Jackson, was preparing to play a part of a senior general and then discovered the young man at the time of the fight; but it is often effective, gray-haired or not, especially in its trades with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is an exciting and well-organized entertainment, which looks exactly like C.B. DeMille completed his production; It is a beautiful and almost a very fine picture.
