If my expectations were not over, they were certainly met. "Nancy Drew" works both as a mystery and a comedy. He paid homage to the books he was based on with the spoofs at the same time. The movie begins with a pre-up on a bookshelf and an animated credit sequence resembles the illustrations of the books. It then starts lampooning the books immediately. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize the idea of ​​a young girl regularly breaking up crime rings in a small town is ridiculous, so it does not treat the idea religion. It's fun to Nancy Drew's ability to do anything, like ace all school classes, know that treating cooks is perfect for converting any enemy around it, making a bird house and dozens of stuffy stuffing, and even making an emergency tracheotomy a party. Nancy'd always has in perfect style, if she lived in the health of 1950 instead of present day L.A. And it carries around a "sleit kit" filled with fingerprints, flashlights, compasses, and magnets. Avantage, of course, but I seem to remember accessing the Hardy boys at any time to supply the CSI equipment was a bit too convenient as well. But if the perky pipsqueak private eye is slightly smaller than his literary counterpart, he just exaggerated more comedy on the movie part. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the movie is occupied most seriously. Nancy and his father's attorney moved from downtown Los Angeles, where Nancy searched in a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in his new home a year ago. Nancy searched for clues in some very convenient ways, including web browsing such as Google and this one and watching old videos from the victim's movie. When it does something more out of the ordinary, you have to admire the girl's resource. Emma Roberts, a lovely kid, plays the sleuth-like puppet sleuth very well. It makes the girl too-perfect completely adorable, if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is also great as the girl-too-perfect girl, Carson Drew. It is an ideal father's face without actually appearing, and it shows reasonable concerns for her daughter as she gets in danger. Less likable is Max Thierot's take on Nancy's Ned Nickerson. I much prefer George O'Hanlon Jr. The pornography of the 1970s Porn Star begins Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a gawky, kid kid and a little crush on Nancy. Character Corky (Josh Flitty), a 12-year-old and a crush on Nancy, is much less annoying than Ned Max Thierot. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem to be cast as Nancy's Bess George and George, but they only stabbed at the start of the movie. <br /> <br /> Speaking of cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("13 Ocean"), and Bruce Willis all make appearances surprise guests, which just proves you can never guess that movie Bruce Willis will pop up to the next. The movie does not live up to some potential. It's been mentioned earlier that Drews's new home is heavy-trapped cap, but Nancy and his father do with tipping off the minefield traps a few minutes later. Also, Nancy describes his cold case about investigating as a murderer taking place in a morning party, which should yield many potential killers, but he only met a handful of suspicions. And while there are some moments in real expiration during Nancy's adventures, the solution in the case is out of nowhere, and at the end of all possible scheme threads are tied too easily with who cares-about-doing. Ralph Sall's notes add to the film's suspension, but the teenybopper contemporary knit songs in the band are lame. Still, I really enjoyed this movie, and while the movie aims primarily at girls between, people of any age and gender can enjoy it.
