"La Maman et la Putain" is the most beautiful movie of all time. And what is most moving about it can be the relationship between reality and the film's film and deals, which is inspired directly by the Proust "The Search for Time Period". <br /> <br /> Indeed, "The Mummy and the Gout" and "In search of lost time" apparently tell the same story: one of the failures of love, which repeats itself endlessly. The name of the first woman is still Gilberte, and the second woman appears as double twisted and distorted by Gilberte: Veronika is such a "Gilberte whore", beautiful as the night, whereas Gilberte was pure, and "as beautiful as the day ". After the failure of the first love, a second love begins, but this one is as already finished by the first one. Veronika takes place Gilberte, in Alexandria's life and in the movie. He's progressively eclipses, the first time, Gilberte is still coming when Alexandre waits for Veronika, then totally. Showing it in the same sad story repeatedly, even the "faithful woman", like Alexandre says, who appears infinite - and treasurer is to Proust the highest point of love, which makes it exist, but also emphasizes its illusion. /> <br /> Art is the cause of the passage between what is outside - the illusion of love - what is inside, which is the truth, and is a learning truth. For example, when Veronika remarked the strange way Alexandre made it to bed, he replied that he saw it in a movie, and then that a movie, "he did for that, learn how to live, how to do a bed ". Alexander wants to live as he was in a movie, he wants his life to be art. This conception of art from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "The Maman and the Putain" fight against a conception of art "principal politics" - see for example the ironic review of a political film by Alexandre. As Proust says: "Art does not care for all these proclamations, and only exists in silence." First of all, the art is introspection. And also, why realism or naturalism is rejected: art needs to transform reality into existence. Proust writes: "I discover realism of illusion, which is a lie." That's why "La Maman et la Putain" does not hide his artificial art, emphasizing the way the actors "say" the texts: "The more you look artificial, the higher you go," said Eustache. /> Eustache and Proust both share this idea that the artist is a "translator" of an inner truth. But Alexandre failed where Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la Putain" tells us the failure of a character to be what it really is. You can feel the tragedy up when you go beyond the film, which becomes infamous. You can see it in the face of Alexandre, who looks more and more like a living-dead. You can see it's not the fact that the scenes are longer, and that over time, nothing happens. At the end of the film, when you see Alexandre writing, and Veronika wonder if he wrote his life, you can guess he's not, even literature fails. The movie film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, who smashes by heavy in reality. And in this nurse, Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. To explain this failure, we can tell Alexandre is a Balzac reader. In "Fitness and Meaning", Jean Rousset explains that, in the Proust, the readers of Balzac, Swann and Charlus, are capable of any artistic creation, because they are stuck in reality, which are errors and art. They see reality in art and "are not aware of the transformation that necessarily exists between the life of an artist and his work, between reality and art". And that's exactly Alexandre. She claims for example that she "likes a woman for parallel reasons, because she plays in a Bresson for example." It's like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like a Botticelli woman. <br /> "Life is perhaps not my vocation". This thought is true by Eustache, who committed suicide, though he was told by Alexandre. But there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustache: if Eustache is absolutely Alexandre, Alexandre is like a double without art, a terrible vision of the artist, who crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> Do not drop Veronika into the end of the movie, Alexandre condemned illusion. It's the death that reminds me of the latest boards of the movie, in the face of Jean-Pierre Léaud as well as in the endless push of Veronika. Or maybe it's already hell describing the end, like the "Huit-Clot" Sarte, and absolutely not like the final release of "Le temps retrouvé". If Eustache had read Proust, Alexandre could never finish the book, still perverted by life with Veronika when trying to read it in his apartment or in the cafes. "The Maman and La Putain" are like a double replay of "in search of lost time", saying that Alexander does not become an artist, whereas "The Search for Time Perhaps" tells how Marcel gets a writer ( Genette). If, as Baudelaire says, an artiste says "reality in the light of his dreams," it is his nightmare that Eustache tells us in "La Maman et la Putain".
