In what could have been seen as a coup towards the sexual "revolution" (Trying to use quotations for this word), Jean Eustache wrote and directed the mother and the whore as a poetic, overwhelming critic of non may seem to get enough love. If there is a message in this movie - and I wish that the message would come only after the fact of what else this Ben-Hur characteristic feature was offered - it's that in order to love, honestly, there was there are some levels of happiness, in real truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the result if no one can really have what they really want, or feel they can even express what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth in the relationship that Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with the women around him? She is a twenty-something pseudo-intellectual, not with any work similar to her living in a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) slightly older than her, she usually is, if not always, her lover, his last likable love-of-his-leave him, and then right away he chooses a woman she sees on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who maybe remind him about it. Soon what is unfolding is the most subtle love triangles triangle ever put on film, where psychological strings are crawling with the cruel and slightest words in gestures. At first we think it might be all about what will happen to Alexandre, but we're making mistakes. The women are so essential to this question of love and sex that they have to be around, talk about, and about, for something to sink into. <br /> We're saying that part of the sexual revolution, in theory if not entirely in practice (maybe it was, I can not say that it was not alive in the period to see it first hand), was that freedom led to a lack of inhibition. But Eustache's point, if not all, is that it's practically impossible to have it both ways: you can not have those who love you and expect to meet the satisfaction of ultimate companies that come with "f *** ing ", as the characters refer to and over again. The mother and the whore force as far as the theme is expressed by this fear of the promiscuity, lack of monogamy, while also stimulating the intelligence of the talk you've ever seen in a movie. At the same time we see a character like Alexandre, who probably likes to hear himself talk if he's about some movie he has seen or a bad thing in his past, Eustache does it so that the movie itself is Not pretentious - even if it may appear to be - but that it's about pretense, what lies under those who are covering up for internal flaws, what they need to use when they're finally alone this morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought film like Before Sunrise / Sunset flux relied relationship, you did not meet this. But as Eustache's revels in the dialogue these characters have, sometimes trivial, or 'deep', or sexual, or frank, or occasionally very (or in a formal manner) emotional, never, never refreshing or boring. On the contrary, for those who can not get enough of a movie movie * *, it's exceptional. While his style does not call out to the audaciousness that has come up with his foresight in the New Zealand wave a dozen years ago, earning the new-wave Eustache is with the characters, and then reverberating on them. is realism and a spike of attitudes, and things in scandal and sarcasm, bitters and without shame in expression. All three of the actors are so close to the characters that we can never see them as 'faking' an emotion or go through all of melodrama. It's almost good TOO in natural terms / realism, but for Eustache's material there is no other way around it. Chan Leaud delivers the crown chorus of his career in the period, and both ladies, particularly Labrun as Veronika's "whore" (a claim he staggeringly refutes to the climax of the movie's type of unbroken shot). And, as another touch, every so often, the director will dip in a quiet moment of thought, to a character sitting at the head, listening to a file, and in contemplation or quiet quiet. This is probably the biggest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who dedicated his films to Broken Flowers Eustache and has a single particular scene that rises completely (and loving) in approach from late Parisian. Before I saw Broken Flowers, I never heard of Eustache or this movie, and procured it became quite a challenge (not available on US DVDs, and VHSs so scarce it took many months to follow in various libraries type). Not a minute at that time was wasted; The mother and the whore are really wonderful works, one of the best in French-style drama, maybe even one of the most staggeringly lucid I've seen in the country in general. It's complex, it's sweet, it's cold, it absorbs, and it's very long, maybe too long. He's also satisfied with the quality level that I would compare the scene of a wedding; True revelation on the human condition continues to rise 35 years after the release of each film.
