It's a refreshing moment when a movie actually gives you a story line with a start, a mid, and a sequel, a beautiful, mystery mystery, and a heroine appealing for all ages, who win us over and understand it with charm. Andrew Fleming's movie is indeed a modern wonder, a comeback of the good old-fashioned old story that has been the norm in Hollywood. He puts away the over-dependence of the special effects that are now happening for entertainment and gives us a terrific movie, with a very young actress, and a talented supporting cast. <br /> <br /> The movie based on the old book, but it gave updated enough to put in this century; However, the props could be different, the heart is still a good mystery, and there is one clever here, one that links the traditions of the old and the nuances of happy contemporaries. Emma Roberts is an old fashioned girl, who believes in good behavior and respect for others; details that are sorely lacking in today's films. It is always good enough to get the boy's attention, but also he knows how to view and protect yourself. He earned his medals by hard work and is not afraid to show a little bit of misery when it is necessary to achieve his goal. While taking a vacation in California, our heroine is drawn to the mystery of a Hollywood actress who has been victim of bad play; Suddenly she is "visited" by her crap and this lays on a series of events that might solve the mystery or result of something formidable for herself. What makes the movie quite fun is the little details, as it discovers that its ordinary world is nothing compared to the California scene, and this is well presented, without resorting to vulgar language unnecessary or anything graphic or open sexual. Eventually, the director has enough control to make it all palatable for all kinds of audiences, from young adults to the audience. It's a movie that deserves to be seen, appreciated, and enjoying, a movie that is scarce and delicate, and it's not scary to be classified as fun! Five Stars
