Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) is part of many French movie makers nowadays large-scale giants that have difficult movies to find and do not release on international DVDs. Since we have a good old-video store in Tucson, I was lucky to watch this 1/2-hour marathon masterwork that is not boring for ten seconds. Since we talk here about one of the most discussed discussions (and most controversial discussions) at all times, let me tell you the impression that the dialogues are endless, the original typical of the early "New Wave" of a Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais appeared almost ridiculous in this movie. Dialogue is the fundamental monologue, especially the longest being spoken by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections in the speeches of two people are almost zero. Léaud, or his character, Alexandre, means more about himself than the subjects are seemingly speaking. Therefore, one can hardly talk about communication in this movie. It is quite possible that the director had a satiric gargantuan in mind against the meaningless running of the ideas once so warmly discussed political and sociological, but the kind of person Alexandre exists at all times, we find him already in "Satiricon "The Petron, who works there is actually great resemblance to" Mom and Whore ". Alexandre not only has nothing, but has developed a kind of clean metaphysics on the absence of acting, at least acting in the sense of responsibility towards the society whose part is. She is mock at those who run to work at 7 o'clock in the morning, when she is just busy having her last drink before she goes to bed in the apartment at one of her girlfriends from whose money she lives. He can not speak one sentence without citing one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre showing the French intellectual coffee "Deux Deux Magots", where Alexandre, also seated all day, must serve as a life-style excuse in Alexandre and his colleagues, because they suffer from crisis exits from the heart of bourgeois full. However, Alexandre intellectual speeches seem to prefer pseudo-intellectuals, and the phrases and quotes it cites to become rather from a dictionary of quotations than from its current reading of the respective books. It is true: This movie requires a very European knowledge, especially the enthusiast of French existentialist philosophy and the consequences of movement 68 student revolution, but if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy 215 minutes in your life by staggering in TV and Cry out laughing as you probably did not do it for a long time.
