Jake Speed ​​is a movie that misses one thing? a charisal lead. Unfortunately this is something that really leans the entire movie and it's a shame because at its heart is an enjoyable action movie with a sparkling enough script and an interesting, addictive quote. Although it's ginger probably can be traced back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy ?? The movie actually plays a little more like the 'Romancing Stone' albeit in the back. It's not an author of romantic fiction adventure that has been brought on an adventure by many characters as one of its creations it is an adventure fiction character (which happens in his own chronic adventures) leading an ordinary woman on one of the his adventures. / / <br /> When a young woman goes to Paris, her sister Margaret (played by Appeal to Karin Kopins) has become involved with heroes of Jake's fast (Wayne Crawford) and Dennis beside her (Dennis Christopher) two turns out to be real people and very defective in an adventure that takes them into the heart of a civil war worn African statehood and finally in the clutches of the two South Suicidal Feuds (John Hurt) and his ridiculous cardiac Maurice (Roy London). This scheme it is not maze and it does not complicate, but the story that it says does not require high depth. The sequences of actions are appealing to begin with and it is certainly true that their heroic threats are set in the marches (if caught in battle between government and rebel forces or have fallen into a pit full of lions) and there are certainly some funny lines are quite funny. However the film seems to struggle to find an end to unfortunately the well-appealing action sequences to start and go nowhere and finally become a bit tired and aggravating. This, however, could not have been such a problem if it was possible to love Jake soon, but due to Wayne Crawford's performance it became harder to really care what is happening. Now, I do not know if she was stretching herself a little thinner as she was also the producer and writer of the movie or whether she was simply not a good actor (as I did not see her in many other things ) but it is never really convinced as an abominable mix of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. Is this a shame because most of the other characters play their role well? Karen Kopins is funny and convincing and his character shares some beautiful scenery with Jake (unfortunately never convinced). Dennis Christopher is perfect as the archetypal sidekick and John Hurt plays the party and relish camping ?? almost as if he was in a sixty episode of Batman. It strides on some rude scenes in a ridiculous accent emphasis put in a performance that almost belongs to another movie. South has no Moriarty (he presents Jake's nemesis from a number of previous adventures / books) but it is always fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake speed is trying to even the fun movie B movie as the 'Night of Comet' (a movie produced by Crawford a few years in advance) and almost succeeding but missing? which is a shame because Jake would be good to look at a few adventures more and could be served better by a TV set. <br /> I would recommend this from curiosity appeals but finally it leaves a bitter taste because most of the components have to do something really good.
