Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation that has a tremendous depth. Gun and the man, proving their notion must be false. Play Shaw is all comedy drama, combining a fun plot with true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> On one level, the arms and the man are a success, and a bit unique, romantic comedy. Young, melodramatic, and superficial Raina from a military family deeply involved in a war; His fiancé and his father are both military officers. It is shocked, one night does not reach an enemy soldier. He delivers him, knowing that he will have to keep the incident a secret from his family forever, and the soldier will eventually leave. Of course, once the war is over, that soldier comes back, forcing each of the main characters to reevaluate their values ​​and their relationships. <br /> It is quite interesting how Shaw layers mean in the rather funny standard scheme. Shaw manages to comment on constructed classes, the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. And, of course, it does with the Shavian understanding and in a complicated plot. There are many here to think about that I think a lot can miss in one look. Gun and the Man is excellent comedy theater and is definitely one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> The "Gun and the Man" is both an entertaining and thought-provoking movie that presents its importance today, more than a century after it was first conceived. Shaw mocking in the popular theories about war and love and combining a military satire with a taunt about love and family structure. The game has flashing comprehension, dynamic humor and sarcastic bitterness. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is the statement by Captain Bluntschli Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I struggle when I have, and I'm very happy to get out of it when I do not have. You're just an amateur; you think battle is an entertainment ". Indeed, as a Swiss hotel-keeper, Bluntschli had no reason to be involved in war and it is in the absurdity of this Shaw patriotic sentiment. Shaw explores all concepts of war and military from both sides of the struggle and at the end shows that the feelings in both camps are not that different. The dialogue and sarkastics are used towards the common notions of their lives complicating with a gentle assurance of the movement of the story towards a fairytale finish. The end of which all characters are happy with change of love and love schedule that outlines the essence of this drama as a comedy. This is a movie that sustains its image by possessing a universal and still appropriate today when the concepts of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw of "Arms and the Man" should keep its importance as long as there is love and war.
