Ironically for a game available on film or video for long, the arms and man remain fairly constantly available on stage over the years since its first in 1894 - in no small part because it was quite adequate as a solid satire on the nature of courage and the business of war. Each time the world flows into conflict, ARMS and the man seem to soar as ever more appropriate and relevant. This is the play that Oscar Strauss converted (leaving out most of Shaw's best ideas) in the successful opera, the Shocker Solder (when Hollywood got to * that *, being left out of the Shaw last rather than paying him for their rights - he was, not then an Oscar winner in his own right). While the best of Shaw was still his mind and dialogue rather than his making cemetery, ARMS and the man, the scheme sparkles as well as the master managing happy endings for all concerned. Young Raina (Helena Bonham Carter), a daughter of an officer and the rich man of her city, is fiancé of a superbly officer of the Bulgarian rider and all looks well until a bedraggled Swiss (Pip Torrens) from the other side rises Up his drainpipe he escapes from the battle where his army was defeated. As usual in a satire Shaw, nothing like it first appeared and convention societies stood on top of the light of simple - and not so simple reason. There are no "good guys" or "bad guys," just people in a variety of courses are getting the best of their blood - just like life only better - and naturally with Shaw, the wit is finely cut out at all concerned. (1932) motion picture version (from Shaw's own movies) to this traditional and traditionally funny of the Shaw's satire stages, and one of his first to make a real hit on this side of the Atlantic, longtime was among the lack. Shaw did not sell the screen-rights of his play - only licensed for 5-year period, and it appeared that with rapidly growing technology to make 1932 films look primitive only a few years later, Shaw was not renewed The license shows it. Consequently, we're incredibly in BBC's debt to finally put out the 1987 versions of streaming them into a DVD box and nine other brilliant play. (Unfortunately, PYGMALION, which sees much as the best Shaw, comes less well on this set in a production with Lynn Redgrave and James Villiers.) Even scary, as it is on its DVDs, with a most impressive act one, a MAN of destiny, arms and man to make for a real treasure. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter went on, after cutting her teeth on televised roles like this, in a major film career that will bring many viewers to this early role. They should not disappoint, for Mrs. Carter to provide a performance in line with the innocuous hearing events that were expected of her, but under the direction of a little James Cellan Jones pedestrian (and despite the exactly the beautiful and well-coordinated reel of the production line ) fire the malignant role (and his headphones in being underestimated in the recent act) is banker of only about 80% of its potential. <br /> <br /> Many of the same can be said of the real star of the piece, Pip Torrens, as Bluntschli "The Switzer." It's a fine, appealing performance, but does not go for the physical comedy of the incident at the early stage where the young soldier can barely stay awake despite his mortal danger. <br /> <br /> These reservations despite, this is a solid output of a wonderful game transferred to the small screen and aplon. It deserves to be seen broadly, and, ideally, prompting a even vivelier large screen remake with the style and zest of the past rumor of Wilde in an IDEAL HUSBAND. Virtually * any * ARMS and the man is to be cared for, and a lot maybe we'll even eventually get to see the original 1932 version. 'Until one or other surfaces, this production will please anyone who loves good Shaw.
