Doyle never wanted to resist Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty before the final issue. However, financial considerations made him want (in 1901) to write HOUND in BASKERVILLES, which still considers his best Holmes novel and perhaps his best novel. But it was a "biography" of the great detective, writes before his death. Only a great scandal from his public Doyle led to fully resurrecting Holmes in the adventure of the Lot House, which was published in 1905. It is not that the new short stories (and the last novel) are really bad. Perhaps three of the stories are really awful, but even the terrible ones are very readable. Several of the people later (as before by the solitaire cyclist) is really pretty good. But inequality in production (particularly after the stories of the BOW LOW (1917)) have become increasingly apparent. It repeats past history lines, and shows really negative aspects of Holmes. In the Adventure Adventure in the Holmes three shows a sneaky sarcasm of a character in the African ancestors. SPOILER COMING UP: <br /> <br /> ADVENTURE THE CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON deals with Holmes trying to recover compromised letters from Milverton, a largely successful blackmailer. It is an interesting example of how Doyle was able to make a very readable story with a minimum of scheme for having small real detective tasks in the story. Holmes is hired to try to negotiate with Milverton regarding the purchase of letters, but to get them back no matter what! Milveston proves not only to consider a smaller amount of paper but preparing to protect himself from Holmes to try a search of its people. Later we learned that Holmes had gotten to the home of Milverton by romanticizing a maid while disguised. At the end of Holmes go with Watson to kill Milverton. He and Watson are at home when Milverton is waiting for some new business deals in his study (someone with information that Milverton can use). Carefully concealed, Holmes and Watson look like a woman coming in, who turns out to be a victim of collateral damage to Milverton's past activities, and who shoots the blackmailer to death. Holmes and Watson are able to combat Milverton's collection of compromised documents before they save the house, and immediately discover (for themselves) the identity of the woman. The police (under Lestrade) did not discover that the two mysterious men were seen running out of Milverton's house, and they were so disgusting by Milverton's activities (they could never bring anything against him) that it is obviously the murder of never be solved. <br /> The story is not one of these fascinating and real detective tasks involving such as the advent of the band SPECKLED or SILVER BLAZE. It's a story of attitude and late action - the issue that Holmes and Watson will get their papers or will be kept by Milverton? It is not one of the best stories, but it is in many of the stories as they were really well said and interesting. At the time he wrote to CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had an experience with police about his sometimes activities as a highly respected amateur / crusader detective. An artist was murdered at his studio in London, and Conan Doyle began to write his views on how the murder was committed. Then he stopped - apparently was warned by his friends at Scotland's Lakota which killed the person did not enter. The victim was a homosexual, and police were sure to spit a lover away horribly wrong. For family relief from the victim (this was in 1905) Doyle dropped his interest in the case. So he knew that sometimes the British police had come to terms with constraints that did not seem to justify their full trial - as Lestrade constraints towards those who killed Milverton's cruel in the story. <br /> <br /> Give the description of the story it could be said in normal hours the standard version of the series. But the teleplay for the MASTER BLACKMAILER has spared some time showing Milverton's victims of militia victims (in Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young aristocratic army officer killing himself when faced with a homosexual exposure because of Milverton's morning demands, all at the start of the teleplay. And it is not just homosexual. Men and women in good reputation in heterosexual marriage can be smeared by uncovering illegitimate children or lasting relationships. Indeed, in the story, the woman who killed Milverton is revoked the destruction of her husband (a noble nobleman) destroyed by the blackmailer. Milverton is well-liked by his most poisonous poem by Robert Hardy, who is the same when confronted by the unexpected films she was unleashed is totally unfaithful (she looks like she'll just have the angry woman showed out at home it's a moment). Brett and Hardwicke do well in Holmes and Watson roles, as expected. <br /> <br /> How serious was the loss of character by rumor or innuendo in 1905? In 1898 one of the heroes of the various Imperial Wars, and the last leader of the victorious battles in the Battle of Omdurman who destroyed the Mahdist army (see KAT FOURS) was Sir Hector MacDonald. He was governor of Ceylon in 1903 when he suddenly stopped unexpectedly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself at a hotel while waiting for some sort of hearing. It later came out that "Battle Mac", often considered the captain of the most popular army in Britain, was kept with sleeping arrangements with native boys. Milverton would never eat it ... or his real life counter would be there.
