Much in the same way Frank Miller and cynical town Sinik uses black and white express himself (and his film anxiety), so Christian Volckman and Renaissance. It is the year 2054, in Paris. In the tradition of fiction science, the future is a bright, brilliant multi-teared jewelry. This is a jewel in an environment of misery, inevitability and darkness; bright and beautiful on top and bottom bottom underbelly. One of these "shining" people at the top, a research scientist from a very large and influential global company (Avalon), kidnapped. Well known and effective, Karas Kapas (voice by the new James Bond himself - Daniel Craig), is tasked with finding it. The draw and layout is not overly original. It is influenced by the Noir movie, the Gibson Neuromancer and other detective stories, including movies such as Blade Rider, Sin City, Fritz Lang's Metropolis and Minority Reports. There is the main draw, surrounded by other possible sub-plots that all connect to the end. It is not difficult to calculate it all out. The film's strength and originality are in its visual intense presentation. Paris is a complicated array of levels and sub-levels. At its base is the most primitive industrial infrastructure. As the city rises, so its architectural complexity and luminosity. But in this structure, the head does not equate to human ideals and behaviors. Betting was intriguing hosting and wearing out in brilliant black and white. The film is closer to the mind and sin City (the comic) then the Sin City movie was with its source material. This is all the easiest, because it always remains in the relatively same medium; Animation. Much in the same way as a Dark Scanner pushes the visual aspect of storytelling, so do that. The light and black, black and white create an atmosphere of contrast, as well as visual ambiguity. Right and wrong, black and white can lose all meaning at the same time it is right before us. The film proves how black and white can be both ambiguous and obvious at the same time. <br /> In keeping with the spirit of the movie, I can both criticize and fan. I can love and harm in the same light. It is definitely an experience I recommend for lovers of visual arts. So, pour another Black and Time, enter the void and enjoy the ride.
