Renaissance (2006) was created over a six-year period, co-funded by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of about 14 million. The final result is a horrendous achievement in comic-book animation style, aesthetics similar to that of Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller and 'Sin City (2005), but this film works to capture movements and live actors-translated figures and movement in an entirely animated format. Featuring black-and-white blacks, the film looks as if it housted from the many pages of the graphic novel on which it was based, and the futuristic city of Paris looms ominous above us. Achieved by French volkman Christian Volkerman, in its first feature-long, Renaissance draws significantly to other films of science-fiction genre, and the technology-scenario is not something we have not seen before, but from In a technical perspective, it is imperfect. <br /> <br /> <br /> The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a crumbling metropolis filled with dark corridors and defective desires, the recent installation of modern technology simply offers a thin mask to the favorable degradation of the buildings dark. The largest city of the city, Avalon, realizes the wealth of offering citizens the promise of beauty and genes, and the company's research department is always striving to devise the greatest means of eliminating the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (voiced by Romola Garai in the English version, which I look), a brilliant young scientist, is mysteriously kidnapped on his return to work, and so he dropped to the legendary Karel detective (Daniel Craig) legend of his current location. Maybe the key to missing women is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), Ilona's oldest sister, whose confidence is in question, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), the medical doctor who worshiped Ilona as her own daughter '. <br /> Strange, the dimen-lit city of Paris is reminiscent of 'Runner Blade Rider' (1982), 'and some of the technology seems that if they might have been borrowed from Tom Cruise's' Minority Report (2002)' {was, haphazard, also set in the year 2054}. However, despite this unfamiliar, Volckman created an exciting world for his characters to live. Mixing classic film-noir and science fiction, the result is an eye-catching collar of harsh lighting and dark shadows, which, I should warn, occasionally become tough on the viewer's eye. The dialogue is a little banal at times, and the story, though engaging, does not offer any striking original {except for the finish, which I thought was a bold twist on the usual formula}, but 'Renaissance' is intended works better as a visual process, and that it succeeds in this regard can not be denied.
