Each second of the film is gorgeous. And that's why it touches a 7, because the draw is not particularly devious, and thinking back over the last 90 minutes I never really felt any excitement or investment in the characters. If anything, the graphics are plentiful and framing made certain scenes (the chase machine, for example) more pedestrians than they owe - not that they do not look nice and have some very original and occasionally designated angles camera angles - but they are miss the kinetic movement and pre-up shots that are part of the language for any normal / thriller action. The first few hours of plumb together, and the dialogue feel very edited and a few steps - wait for each other to finish and do not always react to a natural cadence, which should be a problem in each person's dialogue separately. On rare occasions the voices of voice are not quite matched to those on screen; something that should really have been avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (many of the glass walls / ceiling / screen, beautiful smoke / miracles / special effects) and nice-looking cars, but yet - it's more of a graphic design, there is no real impact on history a. I would argue that the whole point of using animation tracks (instead of actor / CGI) is really pushing the boundaries of imagination and design; doing too hard / impractical to other means. Although the animation of Renaissance is certainly stunning and incredibly well-accomplished, I never felt like I saw something that was not done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI movie, also suffers from an imbalance of beauty over history & pace. To be fair, some French movies and French engagements also have a tight pace, and the perspective of the shot of a person's eyes or rains on Paris pavement can evoke great emotions - but animators need to understand that while animation brings unique forces, It also has weakness when compared to real-life techniques. Perhaps it would break out of the rules 'Noir' that the movie wants to stick to, but I think the movie makers lacked a blatant opportunity to explore their future societies a bit more - the social layers, the fascistic grip of corporations etc. I have no problem recommending Renaissance to those who enjoy stylistic and / or animation design (manga fans in particular), but I would not make friends of my other movie-loving friends sitting in it. Take off the visuals rich and it is a barely average film.
