I am happy that they could say almost anything positive about the movie with Karas and Tasuiev sisters, RENAISSANCE. <br /> <br /> And firstly, it looks like it should look; a boy 'adventure, RENAISSANCE is the story of investigating a cop in search of a scientist extinct Young Ilona Tasuiev, the geneticist and researcher for the Avalon company. The history of Karas, Ilona and Bislane is, though much less known than SIN CITY, the best film, and one of the more appreciated by the enthusiasts. For French comic aficionados it will be even more significant (I was rich in my comic French comic last week, though I'm not so ?? the date). The atmosphere, the music, the characters, the lines, the plot is all beautiful and endearing. A Parisian head cop, Karas, appears to find a young woman who was a rising star in medical genetic research, Ilona Tasuiev ?? a hot hot blonde, whose rebel sister Bislane was erotic preferable, I guess. <br /> For me, an old poster of comic and TV series, RENAISSANCE, a wonderful wonderful drawing, was like a replay of a WILD WEST episode WILD? here, a past mythology that replaces with an equally mythological future ?? more jaded and blased but, in a sense, as thrilling. RENAISSANCE does not suspect; nor does he look especially good at rhythm; but it's seduced with hypnosis. In addition, he realized excuses, albeit briefly, a world, a true world ?? and we'll think about Avalon, Nakata, Jonas Mueller, Tasuiev's sisters, and Goran, Farfella, and Karas say in his distant childhood in Kasbah ?? . I like to feel the RENAISSANCE, in a certain kind of kindness and adventurousness, and also professional, to ensure the look; Among the new designs, this one and Linklater's dick adaptation (- only the first dick adaptation ever -) stood out for me as work of beauty and genuine excitement. <br /> I think the futuristic devices were appropriate and, when not conventional, clear strange (such as invisible costumes). As characteristic, the characters have exotic names, such as Bislane and Farfella, mainly resemble the world of art and entertainment (Goran and Ilona and Naghib ??). <br /> <br /> None seems to have pointed out that the RENAISSANCE poster features a look-like Rourke ?? that guy is Marv; which does not make it a CITY Rip off - but not a paragon of originality either, and in fact there is more resemblance to the story of Miller ?? namely, the look of futuristic weakness in a rotten society, the brio of the hero (in fact a cross of Willis' character and Rourke's character in the movie before) .. on the other hand, this cartoon breathes a more time public, an adventurous right bang, and, in a word, it's like SIN cities for kids well, naughty kids I mean, 'cause there's a bit of nudity on display. For this I said one might repeat that the features mentioned are characteristic, as cliche and common places of view of more adult futurists'; True enough, and oldie Miller has been carrying that things on screen and RENAISSANCE bears some similarities here and there. Now it's also just that every RING should have its ERAGORN, so in every city of sin, its revival. I admit that being part of these futuristic weak stories, a rather undemanding specialty.
