One of the reasons Pixar has endured so well, and was so successful, is that while the films remain technical wonders and visual mosaics, they have a story to match their style. And often very stylish style of this: affects, good and cross-generation. That's a lot of anime (talking in great terms) and a great many other animations fail to match the virtuoso techniques and real subjects, I think (and I might be wrong) in part because either the musicians are not bothered with characters and draws and focuses far too much on sounds and images, or the sheer effort that goes into making some animation so enormous, so enervating that they do not have the energy to create a really engaging story. can not say in Renaissance. There are flaws in its scheme, but I'll get that later. Of course these are, however, not reflected in the visuals - Renaissance is now short of stunning. The ultra-high contrast images (sometimes so high-contrast that are nothing but a face or one beam of visible light) and incredible details are always impressive, always a joy to see. The futuristic Paris at the exhibition is the seed of grimads in blade runners and new brave worlds; Dark, quiet, quite affluent and even clean, but wrapped in intrigue, corporate malfeasance, obsessed with beauty (capital of the catwalk, after all) and disguises the squalor and neglect of its migration passage and a veneer of architectural monuments, sophisticated. br /> <br /> It's a compelling setting, not totally original, but great all the same. The movie 'much-alled' motion-capturing 'technology with incredible attention in human and minutiae design results in a black-and-white photographer's image would die for. It's not that the detail prevents entertainment, because Christian Volckman crafts some superb action sequences: a chase for leather-to-leather care, a couple of gruesome (lying imaginative) murders, several tussles in the dark and a nasty dirt- up to a gloomy apartment. Places are great, too (I want to visit the nightclub). While the central character of Karas is the maverick's regular off-shelf joints, the other two female characters (which are sisters) are the real engines of the movie. Coming from war-worn Eastern Europe, produced in a war, diaspora and a family spit, are a compelling metaphor for Europe as a whole. The movie is very atmospheric, its dizzying, swooping faux-Camera moves with adult tone to make a very engaging experience. However, the plot ... It never gets more exciting than the initial hook, in which indefatigable carat Karas must find Ilona Tasuiev, a gay-dead gorgeous scientist and pioneer, after he was hacked out on the street. Avalon Society (is any non-disaster corporation ever?), Which has been working for 'classified', the hell-lowering projects on retrieving it, and soon Karas is up to his neck in official reprimands, dead body, cigar-smoking and narrow-shot bullets, and fall in love with Ilona's Bisonan sister (very sympathetically voiced by Catherine McCormack), as she plumbs the profunders of the superbly soubelly city (and their own past). -book noir, in other words, but while I was enjoying the film a lot more than Sin City (where it brings a resemblance to visual), the plot and the math resolutions, the immortality theme was raised but never examined , and Shenanigans of high-roll Avalon CEO Paul Dellenbach are also dull, calculating a lot of dramatic tension. The basic ideas are material genre sci-fi genre material, and there is a nagging sense that the visuals and the atmosphere disguise the mundane material. <br /> However, the movie as a whole is sane and perfectly coherent, though some of the storyline characters find occasionally feel like excuses for the display of wizardry techniques. But it's the projection of life in Paris 2054, the vision of the communities and the creation of another city from the ground up that makes this movie something to see. I can take it too seriously, and if this may I can at least say it's superbly made, very fun (and pretty mature, too), and an ambience like no other.
