A Dark Scanner, Minority Reports, Blade Runner, City of Sin and Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow ?? if you're a fan of any of these then this will be well worth check out. Renaissance 'French' animation project took seven years to make a shoestring budget and tonight I finally came to see it in a private screening for the International Film Festival in Stockholm. My spontaneous reaction is tremble; My more reflection is 'huh, clean' and closer analysis regretfully becoming a 'meh' resounding. It is a gorgeous triumph of gorgeous science on the surface, but scratching it or even stinging it a little with its unnecessary complexity scheme becomes prettier apparent, as does the flat characters. <br /> But it is clear that the people of Onyx films did something spectacular with the aforementioned surface. The visuals are staggering. Used live capture action movements equipped with key-frame animation, with strong black jets and bright white contrast and a gorgeous rotoscoped background. For those of you who do not come down with the 'lingo technique', the film looks like a completely sinking city. Its fluid, transparent, black and stylized pattern is complemented by lightning heavy lizards. It's a vision. But many credits are also due to the sound effects that take shape in colorful futuristic weapons, suspense music, heavy raindrops and broken glass chariots. It's all the tech-nerd's wet dreams ... <br /> <br /> The movie zooms in on a bright, lightweight, futurescape Paris in which a great corporation called 'Avalon' began interweaving in life of citizens and surveillance (think the transparent liquid screens out of Minority Reports) and genetic engineering. The letter leads to a mysterious kidnapping of young Ilona researchers (voiced by Golila's Romola). Cut our hard-boiled cop-on-suspension and karate protagonist (Daniel Craig)? a man who takes the law in his own hands ?? who assigns the case to finding and retrieving Ilona. During that time, she helped Sister Illona with whom she also started a love affair. A very half-assed love affair, if I can say that. The Renaissance world is remarkable. Director of Christian Volckman takes a fair gem to melt the noir theme and the result is a urban jungle filled with frames, rats, fatal females and detectives independently hidden in the shadows of silent slums. The problem is that the creators undoubtedly felt the need to be extremely clear and spell-out archetype of the story, or the movie would have been "too surreal" for mainstream audiences, as well as its lurid animation format. It follows then that we have a crowd of cliché characters like bad-laugh villains, slaughterers and slaughterers hard-chickens that blow smoke every chance they get. He digs noir in our faces, and it is not necessary. <br /> <br /> What's worse is that the dialogue is a little perfectly. It looks as if each line exists for the sole purpose of pushing the plot. This is nothing fatal because the plot is so complex once it gets going that it needs some clear direction. Daniel Craig helps here too does not bring a no-nonsense attitude to his hard-side cop hero. At one point in Renaissance, he is seen in a vivid car-chase that surely is one of the most adrenaline-pumped with the head teeth in the film. Unfortunately, the visual gifts of science have torn this post pursuing cars and 'Renassaince' could benefit from a little shorter. In summary, a very interesting but definite futuristic comic book experience. <br /> 7 out of 10
