It's completely freeze this movie rate. It's as if you were condemned (or glorified) the newborn for his future life. Rather look at it as a powerful mediator of what could have been and that was in the past 100 years. One hundred eight years of the cinematographer: what gets into the babe? I like to contemplate what would have been (creativity) to happen if Europe was not cut (devastated) twice by wars of the twentieth century. On breaking her bogged the neo-castle in the non-creative and archaic circus named Hollywood built itself. Before 1914, French, Italian and Scandinavian movies have led the way both financial and creative creativity. French films in particular have already filed some very original and creative roads that might have (if not cut) possibly change the medium story in some unimaginable way. One of the wonders that the film's story would look like today is whether it has not been stilted and choked by the agenda and cheap political agenda in 80 years in the Hollywood, what Chekhov might be defined as the queue of greed and whore. Let it as it may be, please at least become aware of the output as the key (or at least one of them) in the "kingdom". So, birthplace of Cinema: Lumiere Brothers Factory, Lyon, France Date: March 19, 1895 (there is also a copy reel tire in the summer of 1895 so if you notice summer lights and dresses lighter workers: This version shows the first person to be the MOUNTAIN MOVING person. * Louis Lumiere: Creative ideas, cinematography, and direction were all Louis's own domains because Auguste took care of the rest. * The first movie Bobs was all fifty seconds long: camera (= movies) and cameramen (movies) that only bite fifty seconds to make things happen! * Apparently Le Institute Lumiere has managed to preserve about 1500 of the first films executed mostly by a brigade workers in Loumiere travel cinematic crying-cross the globe .. So all the stars in the sky sky and a minute of silence for perhaps the most magical invention of human history (so far).
