History says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people gathered in Parma's salon in India Grand Cafe's witness to the Cinématographe, an supposedly new invention that came from the work done by a couple of photographers Call Out and Louis Lumi. The small audience meeting this day (some by invitation, most due to curiosity) did not really know what to expect from the show, and when a stationary photo appeared projected on a screen, most thought that the cinematography was just Another fancy devises present slide-shows projections. Until the picture began to move. What thirty-three people experienced in this day's frightening cold in December was the first public screening of a moving picture projected onto a screen; The stories were written and movies as we know it was held that day. In the 10 short cinemas that have been shown during this historic day, "The Outline of Lighting Usines" (literally "Exiting Light Factory") was the first to be screening. The film shows many workers in the glow factory as they walk through the gates of the factory, leaving the building at the end of a hard day at work. While a movie "current film" (film that shows a real event), the movie took everyone in the audience by surprise, as they were the concept of moving pictures limited to these "peep show" cars ( The kineticoscope), the brothers' invention was as nothing was seen before and so the audience stood in awe, as people and horses were moving across the screen. The idea was not entirely new (Le Prince shot the movie first as early as 1888), but the way to show the movie was simply revolutionary. <br /> <br /> The Outline of the Usines Glow would become the first in the long series of "current films" that the glow would produce over the years. This primitive documentary style was the favorite of the movie's films because of being more interested in technological aspects of the inventions than the use of the Cinematography. Despite the first lack of enthusiasm, after the first show that the Cinématographe has become a major success and the "Sortie Des Usines Lumière" has quickly become an iconic image of first screening. It definitely was not the first movie shot of this year, and it probably was not the best of 10 movies to show that day (personally I think "The Arrow Arrow Arrow" was the best of 10); However, it's really clear that the very first movie was the opening of a pair of gates, such as literally, this movie opened the gates of movies as we know it. 8/10
