All films made before 1912 really need to be seen with a sense of time and place. <br /> In 1894, the Lumiere-family [father: Antoine (1840-1911) son of Auguste and Louis] owned and managed a factory that manufactured photography and paper plates. Not a small enterprise; The factory had more than 200 employees who received pensions and social security benefits - innovative for this time. It was located in Montplaisir in the suburbs of Lyon, France. What caused Louis Lumiere to become interested in building a Cinematagraph, in 1894, remains open for speculation. My suggestion is that the appearance of Edison's Kinetoscope organization (peer peer), in Paris during the fall of 1894, gives the catalyst. <br /> <br /> W.K.L. Dickson, of Edison's staff, invented a motion picture-picture about the size of a piano upright patented in February 1893. It was electrically operated (using power from out of heavy storage heights. This massive car pumps cellulose wire strips (newly developed by the Eastman company) over a lens of about 40 frames-every-second (fps) .. It was ensconced, as an almost immovable object, in the "Black Maria" ( essentially the first studio film.) The Kinetescope cars showed the scene presentation (less than a minute) filmed in this studio. During 1894, Louis Lumiere applied herself to work to invent a moving camera in his picture was determined that, even in 16 fps on celluloside film, persistence-in-vision of the human eye / brain would allow for normal movement to be perceived. His camera, dubbed the movie, was about size in a large shoe box and was provided with a removable film magazine that provided storage for enough film to make a dread tire is about a minute when it has cranked past the lens of 16 fps. The size and light weight of the camera (it could convert to a printer or a projector by the addition of a light source) made it portable enough that it could take from anywhere to record an event there are enough sunlight available.) In the spring of 1895, Louis filmed: Trick-mounted by some riders; a house of fire and firefighters arrives and dousing the building swallows and water; and a number of other performances in and around Lyon. Using a molteny bulb, he turned the camera into a projector and presented his film of scientists gathered in the reception room at the General Science Review. The images were projected on a five-meter screen far from the lens. The screen was stretched to a door between two rooms. At a professional photographer meeting, even this year, Louis filed delegates who had arrived and even had shown their motion picture at the arrival. With hug in both science and photography communities, Louis decided a public display of his invention by the end of the year. Since each of its films should be about one-minute times, it would need at least a dozen films to make a good presentation. For one of these films he set up his camera at the entrance to his factory, photographing the exit of staff in smoking time. The public venue chosen by Antoine - who offered himself as "The Fairground Barker" for the Cinematograph - is India's Salon in the Grand Cafe on the Boulevard des Capucines in Paris. It was a night vintage Saturday 28 December 1895. As the first hearing sat down, they were presented with a projected view of the exterior of the Lumiere factory (with closed gates.) Some were troubled by being just seen a slip show slide show in Lumiere pictures. But then the crank on the camera / projector turned and motion started. Louis had a natural sense of moving photos. This film has a beginning, a medium and a sequel. At the beginning, doors are open and people begin to leave their jobs; During the middle, people are out of custody - and many are trying to ignore the camera, and the cameraman, as they seem to be happy to leave a day at work behind them. At the end, the gates at the factory were closed. <br /> And then the first movie was projected for the entertainment of the general public.
