I was just back from late-night cinema, and it was indeed a silent way out as most of the audience pondered though real life of black & white images of the partition, the movement of freedom, etc. was very reminiscent of the lives' of ancestors we had faced! While this series, your idea, there was no tel / fax / internet at that time, but for the very voice of truth & non-violence, the cinematography infused some minds in stark realities in adversity among the strict Raj . <br /> <Gandhi has been shown as a hardworking attorney in South Africa, who stood for his basic ideology, giving all degrees of conviction to spread the awareness of the same with humility and sainthood in the utterance of the pronoun General Smut showed up as I left the beautiful screen. He had the best written speech with a subtle humor and a clear threat to the British rage in India! There was a nice reminder when he told us to pray in British silence in India now that Gandhi, the politician is set for India (towards sainthood). The very series of a great family and many children need to mention in obviously obvious divide and love that cast his spell on psyche the unfortunate kid who remained alone in aspiring for unrealistic ambitions.Little made Harilal knew on his skills, he gets emotionally carried away with little fun in life and fails in front of the idols of his grandfather. He tries to do away with board-boats that are the basis of any success that has to be seen by people lucky neighbors on the streets of Gandhi's residence when Harilal vents his frustration openly. That means he gets mentally weak and becomes psychologically disrupted to a level that he is forced into religious conversion and alcoholism, and debtors and ten obedient foods think his negative. He has always shown sincere love for his mom in protracted scenes and even Gandhi's humorous expressions forming Harilal's forgiveness did not satisfy any conclusions in his head as he always feared the Father, Gandhi. could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him as he hoped & drove into rebellion when he could not understand equal-merit delivery based on scholarship money by his father in cousin where he saw an opportunity to study for Barrister in England. <br /> <br /> This took her to the toll of her casting the streets as a beggar when all India was celebrating the impossibility! The life of a never-ending change comes up with what can be the way in which sad death in Kasturba & Gandhi itself shows wearing an emotional silence.Finally the latest turbulent thoughts of the dead Harilal are shown as a flashback holding audience Is it exciting and wondering where did the father of the nation go wrong? was it smart enough to be mentally strong to lead one-army people & use his brave soldier-child as a weapon to show British forces and rivals that when it comes to the interest in the country, nothing comes to between.Sadly though he read a Mahatma one's heart was living outside his family and saw that the emotional nileil harilal could not see living inside .... A pity-like harilal nile will always be damaging the efforts of many Mahatma fathers who are like many families in today's life and being taken into drugs, alcohol and God know what to think !! Here's a message of those brave sainik (soldiers) -sons please respect the father of the nation! Please obey and happily will be great or else it is a disaster in waiting, is not it?
