Tales from the Crypt: And All Through the Home Begins on Christmas Eve as Elizabeth Ellen Trainor killed her husband Joseph (Marshall Bell), she dragged her out ready to throw her down a good but doing so misses an important news bulletin on the radio that says a homicide threat (Larry Drake) dressing as Santa Clause has escaped from a mental local asylum & has already killed several women and Elizabeth next to her list but has other ideas & tries to turn the situation as a dangerous threat to his ... The stories from the Crypt story were episode 2 of episode 1, directed by one of the regular executive producers of Robert Zemeckis's show and All Through The House is a decent enough to look. The script by Fred Dekker was actually based on a story featured in the comic 'The Arch of Terror' & was originally adapted to film as an episode from the movie british film anthology film from the Crypt (1972) that featured Joan Collins as the character's murder assassination here played by Ellen Trainor. This particular version is good enough, but does nothing different or special & is a bit too linear & predictable to be considered a classic. In just 25 minutes in length it certainly moves along at a fast pace, the story is just about grim enough and it generally provides decent entertainment & I liked the downbeat finish. This time there are new themed openings & locked Crypt Guard (John Kassir) segments complete with the usual puns. <br /> <br /> Director Zemeckis does a great job and has a good winter atmosphere and a hint of Christmas influence as well. There's not a lot of gurts here, someone has a poker stick to head, someone's face is cut off with a glacier, someone's arm cut off with an ax and some blood splatter but usually speaks it by that graphic. Acting not a small throw is very good. <br /> And all Through the house is not the best story out of the crypt but it's one decent all the same, worth a look, but after the comic book story & original 1972 movie version we really needed or even want this?
