From very long, we see movies about Gandhi. And especially, the light is still painted in Gandhi as a fighter of liberty or people and principles. But when I heard that a film was made that will emphasize Gandhi as Father and stress her relationship with her Son, she instantly struck my attention as this is one smaller territory being explored as it has Own Darkness and Less Than People Have the courage to live in it. Fortunetly, Anil Kapoor (Producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director) did. <br /> The story starts with Gandhi working in South Africa and her relationship with white man and his wife. Last Akshay (Harilal) came with his father to become an attorney, but his dream was reversed when his father (Gandhi) pushed (or motivated) to become a fighter of freedom. It shows that Gandhi believes more about practice study rather than formal education. Harilal also tried to walk on his father's path, but quickly failed as his infatuation towards his wife, children and her dream of becoming great success to change his path and then begin the repulsion of children men and fathers. He finally defeated his father in terms of pursuing his dreams and leaving him on his own terms. She writes back to India but then begins her unsuccessful story that gets older and bigger and time. I let readers see the movie to catch more stories ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. He has given best performances of his way too far and is absolutely compelling in his paintings as Harilal Gandhi. The scene in which he came to the room where his wife's dead body is placed is one where you can see a fine-looking artifact / developer in Akshay. Darshan jariwala is also good MK Gandhi and can live as a major character then life. He did well with an ease. Shefali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is brilliant actress and already proves her metal in television series. Bhumika Chawla too does well but actresses of his candidate is garbage in these types of roles. Other actors have also justified their performance. <br /> <br /> Techniques and Performs are also good and cinematographic especially that Duo toner picturization color was too good. Costumes resemble matching context. <br /> Overall, a worthy view of the movie is slowing down in progress and impatient people can find it boring, but give you an insight into areas that do not bring it to the screen of screen until date. Also, the road progress story and the scene connection can look torn with some people and critically specifically, but for an average movie watcher like me, it's still enough to make me busy on my chair until the end.
