I was waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time. "Men's Mystery" takes place in the middle of the classic comic-striped parody of television such as "Batman" and "Captain Nice" with cartoons such as "Underdog" and "Super Chicken." The same spirit lives in all of them: the tongue-in-cheek comedy tone; the courage to aim for the heroic of life at risk of being ridiculous; The way-not-so-assured-that the feet of these guys managed to stick to the enemies. It is the misfired spark of nobility he has struggled in the weak and the ordinary, and it's wonderful to see it glow so high and shining here. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens on a part of a nursing home. I wish Kinka Usher had the sense of giving more energy and life to the old people in the scene. As it is, it seems something George Romero might have invented. We need to feel that these old people are as sharp as everyone else, or it feels patronizing. By the time of the red eye sneak accidents, you half expect Tom Waits to play an inventive gun and a prone to ladies in the eighties standing and calling: "Just what party needs - a bit of excitement!" If Neil Cuthbert writer had no sense, he would have waited to mix it up with the acute and acute hackers on the parties doing the same thing. It would have been for a rousing beginning, with a better introduction of the troublesome triad: The Shoveler (William Macy); Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Wright (Ben Stiller), who seem to come from nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other issues in "Mystery Men" than I care to enter; among them the cruel Casanova Frankenstein needs to be as cultivated a sense of the absurd as the rest of the people of this film, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor for the party; It needs to be way over the head to make the controversy between good and evil a galvanic. And Rush has never exposed a talent to the outreach. You hope for the teasters of a John Lithgow in the "Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or the circle, debuting the difficulties of a Freeman Paul in the "Adventurer of the Lost Box." Instead, we find it is pastiche; Something half-baked and not fully realized. There are too many ideas to run in "Mystery Men" for anyone who ties them neatly together, and that can be its profound problems. But whatever kind of mess it is the kind of chaos I like. Ben Stiller has always seemed to be slumming in the role he took. This one is no exception, but it goes into it with the conviction that you come away feeling that it would learn something about comedy growing up in a home run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. Roy it is related to all set-up, overly sensitive, the chronic defense types that Woody Allen has made popular. But if he's rolling his way into the waitress's affection at his favorite hangout (Sweet Claire Forslani), or questioning the wisdom of a fellow superhero (Wes Studi as the Sphinx), or giving a new member In the group "Elite" (Jeaneane Garofalo in which these possibly moments on screen) a tough time, it makes it always fun to look. I could not exactly say that about it's "There is something about Mary." Jeaneane Garofalo proved to be the performance that he should have starred in "Something's True," by Renee Zellweger. I do not think I've ever seen grief exchange between a daughter and dad (okay, so she died and her skull is in a bowling ball, so call me) in the movies. And the funny part about this role is that it feels like a vicious reproach of Emily Watson's Spellbinding talks and God's "break the waves." And in this version, the girl does not die, and bell not ring in your head. William H. Macy doing something very hard; it makes stolid magnetic. You understand right away that attracts Jenifer Lewis' Lucille Eddie. You can also sense it. The barbecue alone would be enough to drive me to the edge, but when Eddie's adorable half-crossed son looks up to his father and says "I believe in you, daddy." in which Lucille sighs and exclaims, "Roland, do not encourage your dad," you feel like standing with hailing Neil Cuthbert as a first-rate understanding. <br /> With Hank Azaria (with only moments in film scores up to this point made it behind in the "Birdcage") and Louise Lasser (Was it more than two decades since we took first note of it "Banana" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?") As sons and mothers who share a fondness for silver; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as his publicity; Kel Mitchell as "Invisible Boy"; Paul Reubens as the "laratene;" and Lena Olin who, if he did not have the few lines in this film that he has, would seem to be visiting the series.
