Although I have long been a fan of Peter Weir, I did not watch any of her Austrian movies until I watched the Last Wave. And it was a wonderful, unforeseen surprise. <br /> <br /> Richard Chamberlain plays David, a lawyer invited to defend the aborigines of five aborigines and kill another Aborigine. For David's comrades, it is a clear case of drunken illness and they think they should be guilty of guilt and use a quick sentence. But David believes that there is a mystery under the murder, linking tribal rituals. As his investigation continues he learns not only about his client but over his head too. <br /> <br /> To reveal more should spoil one of the strange movies I've ever seen. I can only say that this movie goes in the direction that no one is waiting. <br /> There are many elements that make this a fascinating movie: Chamberlain's act, for example; but also performances by David Gulpilil, who plays an aboriginal teen who introduced David into mystery tribes; and Nandjiwarra Amagula, who plays an old Aboriginal in a spiritual guide. The relationship between these three characters makes the heart of the movie. <br /> But there is also way Weir suggests the supernatural of the movie. David has dreams that warn him about the future. Australia is experiencing terrible times, storms, hailstorms and even a mysterious dark rain that can have nothing more than pollution. But it's also related to the case of David is to defend. How it's related is one of the great revelations in the movie. From small events Weir managed to create an atmosphere of fear and asthma, suggest future horrors without really showing anything. Charles Wain's note is fantastic, especially used in the didgeridoo. The photography is also quite good. Russell Boyd, longtime DP Weir who won an Oscar in 2004 for Master and Commander, painted a black, creepy world full of mysteries. <br /> I also find it remarkable that for a movie centered on Aboriginal, it does not turn into an accusation against white culture or in a celebration of the Holy Spirit of tradition, such as dance and wolves or the recent Samurai. This movie is too smart to be that simplistic. Sometimes it can be frustrating, and it may be angry viewers who hope to finish a movie and everything makes sense; but for those who do not mind some strange or ambiguous, the Last Wave is a great movie to watch.
