Director Kinka Usher remains true to his own credo, "Playing it right and going to laugh," and with the help of a superb cast being manufactured which should become the # 1 movie movie ever, `Men's Mistress. When a bad wrongdoer, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a mental institution, capturing the superhero local, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threatening to take on City champions, three superheroes wanting, Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller) , The Shoveler (William H. Macy) and the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. Frankenstein has been associated with a myriad variety of scum underworld, however, and has become a formidable opponent. The trio realizes that help is needed, and decides to recruit; what they end up with is nothing less than the most unforgettable team of superheroes ever assembled in the history of the cinema. Mr. Anger has his rage; The shoveler, his shovel; Blue Raja's silver flames (mostly fork, and occasional spoon, but never a knife); The Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) can turn into invisible as long as no one is watching; The Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heaviest hitter from downtown, is very mysterious and can crush weapons in half with his mind. Maybe; The Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw a ball with deadly accuracy; and the Spleen (Paul Reubens) wielding platinum that can be incapable of an entire room. This is a sparkling ensemble that delivers the laughter without ever becoming condescending or patronizing the audience, while playing it straight at all times. The dialogue is witty, and the performances given by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a number of memorable, hilarious scenes, especially the one in which they throw a pool party and barbecue are recruited, and interviews with a stupefying stitching of applicants; and another, in a bar, when the bowler has a conversation with his dying father, whose skull has been implanted in his bowling ball. The funniest at all, however, was due when the team actually tried to save Captain Amazing. But these are just examples, for the entire movie composed of one hilarious scene after another, laced and subtle humor that will keep you laughing and thinking about it for a long time. The real secret of his success, though, is that Usher keeps it all true; The relationship between the characters is true, and the whole concept is being a `superhero 'played as they were entirely reasonable, which somehow gives a sense of credibility to the whole procedures. In this world, the aspirations of Mr. Wrath and the rest are affordable, and Usher keeps laughing to come without ever resorting to slapstick or gag before. Solid cast in support includes Lena Olin (Dr Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (Blue Raja's Mom), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) and Pras (Tony C.). `Men's Mystery 'is a truly inspiring film that can be seen on and over again, with a new chuckle to be had with all look, guaranteed. In the immortal words of the Sphinx, 'We are number one! All others are number two, or lower. 'Is it an Oscar-worthy movie? Diman; but for a good time and a lot of laughter, treat yourself to this mastery of comedy; it's the real deal, and you will not regret it. I miss this 10/10.
