I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 while I went on vacation. When I returned home, I went to see her again. Keep in mind, I was twelve, but at that time it was the coolest movie ever. I even pick up the ultra-rare action figures (I have them all except for the bowler, which is the toughest to get. They made Mr. Wrath, The Shoveler, the Blue Raja, the Spit and Captain Amazing, in case you ask. There is a William H. Macy's action figure in existence!). I watched him many times over the years and still remained a favorite to me, due mainly to childhood memories. It's not a perfect movie, but it definitely deserves another look and maybe a cult following. <br /> The story: a bunch of low-level superheroes saved the day. This was again executed in the mediocre, direct-to-video "specials" too. But this is the other end of the spectrum: big budget (high budget, almost $ 100 million I think) comedy studio. Yes, the effects are troubled with the great appliances and their wonderful production design are a bit much considered the plot. But do not think this as a stupid, special effect-superhero movie - it's a parody. They fight a villain called Cassanova Frankenstein, people. He has a psychofrakulator, all that is (it's a doomsday device, it will take over the world, yada yada.) And amazing Captain superhero resident (a Greg Kinnear Zapp Brannigan-esque with commercial-generated logo on her costume ', nice touch) kidnapped. Time for Men's Mysteries: Mr. Wright (Ben Stiller, Mad), the Shoveller (William H. Macy, beating people with shovels), the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, Launch), the Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, bowl), Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell, Guess What He Doed), the spit (great Paul Reubens, Farts), and the Sphinx (Wes Studi, cut off the gun in half with his head, I'm not kidding). The rest of the fantastic cast of character actors include Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin heavily edited as the Cassanova's bride, and the one with Tom Tom Always as a crazy gun dealer. So ... and Macy, Kinnear, Olin, and Rush have four Oscar-Candida (with one winner) and Tom freakin 'wait! It's not perfect though. It is overlong and has some gushes in corniness here and there (full of the Shoveller of them). The dialogue definitely exceeds the physical comedy, which is sometimes lacking (there is a guy who farts for his power, can be closed). The dialogue is definitely a highlight, the conical ramblings of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphores of Mr. Wrath, etc. It's downright a comic movie, (it will almost make you forget that this movie was left "All Star" by Smashmouth from the world.) <br /> Unfortunately, the movie did not do as well with criticisms and hearings as it should have. A sequel was originally planned (the movie is in fact based on a comic book and characters from the "Flaming Carrot" comic. The Flaming Carrot was planned for the end I believed) but that did not do well in office in boxes. It could be a hard sold, a superhero comedy with the guy from "There is something about Mary." It was also the fact that it was released on the same day as the "Six Sense" - which ended up being the biggest hit for the month of August - as well as the "Thomas Crown Affair." Two other classical classic classics have been released on the same week-long weekend, oddly enough - "Dick" and "Iron Giant's." Critics have given MM positive reviews, but it has quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, on the Roast Comedy Central in Jerry Stiller, comedy Jeffrey Ross commented Ben Stiller who, "I saw Mystery Men 'and I shot my silver." Ben then looked at the words, "I should have." Do not listen to him. Give "Men's Mystery" a chance.
