You know the people in the movie are in it when king-sized hailstones fall from a clear clear sky. In fact, the weather remains very bad at all this atmospheric attack, and only Chamberlain lawyer has the answer. But it is too much European rationalism, I gather, to get in touch with the interior that only reveals itself to dreams. <br /> <br /> Darkly original heavy mystery on the metaphysics from the editor of Peter Weir. Already he proved his skills in flirting and other dimensions of the hanging rock picnic (1975). Here it is in the arch world of the Australian Aborigines that encounters that the world tightly order the white dominate. Something strange is going on inside the Aboriginal community by killing one of their numbers for any apparent reason. Yuppie lawyer Chamberlain is supposed to defend himself in a white person's court. But the more it looks like these things, more mysterious things get, and more interested in a strange old Aboriginal man comes to him. Then there are such scary dreams that come and go into odd times. Well structured merely deepen interest at all. One of the reasons the film works is the normal background of Chamberlain's wife and the girls. Hearings can be easily identified with them. But when little worlds run into force beyond the usual foundation, the norm starts to clog, and we get the feeling of the world starting to collapse. Chamberlain blows at all, especially during the underground discovery trip where I think it should have shown more consciousness than it does. After all, it's the rise of the mask that holds the key (I believe) to the account, yet its reaction does not really signify the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the notion of nature strikes back has a certain resonance now, thirty years later. In the movie, the notion wrapped in a lot of fun hocus-pocus, but the subject itself remains one to say. One way to carry out a central irony in the movie is the symbol of the opening stage. A huge white SUV barrel past an Aboriginal family, leaving them in the historic dust. The terrain looks like a tribal interior reserve that does not have any particular importance in the coastal lockers where industry remains. But it's also a region most likely to survive anything like a destructive surge. Perhaps there is something about past and future thinking about here. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is a really good movie that will probably stay with you.
