"Home Room" came as a total surprise. There is no sign of what he's all about, he pays at great time because he does not hold any punches and what we see is how life changed by the act of an unpleasant young man who decides to succumb to his classmates, whom which is the innocent victims of his rash actions. <br /> <br /> Paul Ryan, the director, who works and corrects his own material, is a talented man who is rewarded by some amazing act around by casting him. Alicia Browning is an older girl who tries to graduate high school. It was far a couple of years and does not seem to be in the same wave length of other students. For one, it is a rebellious and a punk look, a lot of makeup and a mouth that will cut anyone who dares to come near his orbit. Alicia was among the students in the home room where nine students were killed, supposedly killed by her boyfriend. Alicia, we realize, is a wounded girl who has gone through a terrible moment in her life, but we are not giving any indication to this effect. What follows is the consequence of the tragedy, as it focuses on a young woman who has survived it. Deanna Cartwright is a wealthy teen who should not have been in school at all. When a bullet ricochet hits him, he is hospitalized with more than one wound. He tries to get over this dark period in his head but the bad dreams do not let him forget. <br /> <br /> Alicia was made to go to the hospital by the principal. Since he does not cooperate with the police, the head of the school wants to see Deanna in his terrible state and maybe he will soften and tell the authorities what he knows. Alicia does not like Deanna, but in a matter of days, both girls will make peace. We did not realize until the last sequence really happened that terrible day at school. <br /> <br /> Occupy Phillips to make an excellent Alicia and Erika Christiansen is equally good as Deanna. Victor Garber, James Pinkins, Taylor Holland, and the rest of the play cast as an ensemble. The film has an intensity because it's not explicit to show how shooting was done, which helps the tone that Mr Ryan wanted to give this movie.
