Spoilers I liked the episodes later in college and over, but I wish I could get the latest episode on DVD. Unfortunately, the last I could get is the first college season. Still young teens were sweet; Although they have been focusing much on magic, they also have made it into a teenager who could deal with, deeling and stuggling the teens, and the children divorced their family. This show was very innocent; They did not get into the morbid gene problems such as sex and drugs, but they were part and pressure to fit into. I loved watching her grow up and dealing with her magic on her own and trying to convince her aunt to let go as she left the nest. The older episodes were beautiful, but it was just so much better to see her as (well not really a young witch again), but an adult witch. I liked Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In the early episodes the aunts were big actresses, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but they treated it as a small child in some way, but not in every way. I mean to sit on it for every little mistake he made with his magic, I mean let him learn of his own mistake for once! That was what I loved about the college episodes; He could learn from his own mistakes without sitting on everything; that was annoying. Do not put down Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and has been perfect for Sabrina and her Perky personality. I loved the last episode where he ran from Harvey to marry, but as someone else said, it would be nice to see what happened next. I mean I believe it was obviously being married; where else could they run to her wedding dress? But I would like to see it. I thought they wanted to let it go to the viewer to choose the finish though rather than spoon it in us as most comedy do. Someone said they could show them getting married and going to school at home, but they are already college graduates. Sabrina had a great job for a magazine and I think Harvey had a great job, because she lived in a beautiful apartment that we only saw in the end, but they never said what she did. As a child always talk about how she does not want a exterminator like her dad. When Sabri moved to the house this season, they never really explained how it happened. Actually, there is a lot of shows not explaining, but I suppose it is supposed to leave it for us and give it some mysteries. Before Sabrina and her friends moving from home, Hilda shows the whole spell that ends with Zelda turning to a child. Hilda comes back to the last episode (and Zelda is in some other form, but Beth is not in the episode) but does not show Zelda's husband or what happened, as they had kids? Maybe they did not want too much going on in one episode. I also loved Hart's sister who played her cousin! She was beautiful with a great actress and it was interesting to see her grow up! I cannon believed she was six years since the show went on the air! I always love the reruns! Also, I do not know if anyone noticed this, but in the earlier episodes, the city was called Westbridbe (a made up town I believe, which was supposed to close in Salem) but in the episodes later, they did not this is the name of the city being West Virginia and I think it's called Boston, unless it's just where it worked. Also, I wanted to add, I found the episode, "Wild Wild Sabrina" where he taught about the importance of the rules, to be insulted. It was 18 and too old to be seated; I would have been insulted if my parents were sitting at me 18. And I think while an 18 year old can mess up as he did, they need to learn the consequences on their own. I think that in 18 they know the rules are important.
