I have this movie on DVD and must watch it thirty times now. I must really like it, right? Well, not really. <br /> I was an earlier surfer in my life, and I loved the sport. To this day, I am fascinated by good navigation. Riding Giants are many, and so I'm a sucker for the stuff. But I definitely have some bones to choose with it. (Peralta, you listen?). <br /> <br /> First, the film is too young to trust in its subjects. The cutting and correction of the waves are such that the majority of them are sort of ruined. Very, very few waves actually show escape from start to finish. Peralta looks like a hyper-cutaneous and off-speed method. It gets especially bad in the Middle section on Mavericks in place in Northern California. Not one wave that eats up starts to end. Almost the whole section on Mavericks (one-third of the movie) is a jarring mount of clips and a soundtrack equally jarring. I can understand the effect Peralta was trying to achieve with Mavericks, as the place is a really frightening mix of crushed waves of ocean spit open open, but it goes way too far. Mavericks are not just a bad acid trip. Waves are actually up to it, even with great performance. It is good to see some of them. If Peralta thinks this is a grand sport (and I'm sure he does it), then why he insisted on the mercy and the matter much? At times, the correction reduced the film to the unbearable. There is a quick clip in the section on Peahi in Hawaii, which I still can not understand. Even though I run it slowly on DVD, the image is too fast to be decipherable. It must be a couple of frames in the max length. <br /> <br /> Secondly, have the guys who did this thing ever learn about overdone? It's particularly galling to watch the version of the directors tell about DVD. These gentlemen sound like two girls on top-head. The same sentiment shows up in the main output. Everything is still so damaged "amazing" etc. A particular character is just plain obnoxious - Sam George, the editor of surfer magazine, who is practically peeing in his pants every time he has nothing to say. It's a super drag on the movie. <br /> There is a tremendous amount of effort that enters this movie. I mean, just to get the old movie shots, and also all the interviews. The movie is a great story, and I think it is generally fascinating entertainment. His theme is well laid out, with the three parties centered around Greg Noll, Jeff Clark, and Laird Hamilton respectively. Some used still photography phenomena. In the director's narratives, they say it's a new kind of 3D technology, and it's really working. Three character principles are bright, both in interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He got up at the pinnacle of his sport in such a way that I only saw Michael Jordan doing in basketball. Also, the story of his meeting, his father is a gem. It really touches me. <br /> It's just that the movie could be so much more. The very last part of the film, when the credit rolls, gives a hint of what it could. There are some nice panoramic shots in waves and a magnificent band. (The soundtrack of the rest of the movie is rubbish, though you may like it if you are fond of the modern school, frenetics of rock.) Anyway there's in my mind.
