Wow! Stacy Peralta followed up Dogtown and Z boy with an equally stunning documentary on the history of the great-wave surfing culture in America. Draws together archival footage initiated along with interviews from legendary navigation, we are transported into the daring and free-spirited life of the early pioneers whose passion passion for the sport spawned an industry that today touches their lives in millions. /> It came to know these icons and the stories that provide film in its heat. You can feel Peralta's respect for this group as we listening to Greg Noll criticizing from a pack of surprise fellow surfers on the beach defining 50-foot dry beaches in North Coast Hawaii. Or Jeff Clark, Maverick's surfing outrageously dangerous on the northern California coast all alone for 15 years before it was discovered and it became the surfing destination in California. And the story story of Laird Hamilton, browsing icons today. Greg Noll's hearing reflected on Hamilton as the best ever surfer ever sent thrill up my spine. (As a sidewalk, Noll, Clark and others were in the Sundance.Noll tests out loud describe himself as an old, on-the-hill-surfer ... He was deeply moved by the audience reception at him, , films. Both of them and Clark were as likable to people as they were in the movie.) Riding Giants paid homage to these extraordinary athletes while at the same time rewarding us with a Insight into the magnitude and stress of the waves to conquer, the drop-tool weekly tools required to get into them, and the almost impossible unfathomable combination of adrenaline and scary that surfer experiences every time they take on a swollen soft. <br /> <br /> All this, and the movie has more. For those of us who did not live in California in the 60's, we get an insight into the impact of surfing on American pop culture. (And, my surprise, Gidget's impact on browsing movies!) Peralta also trams in a primer on some of the technical aspects of the sport and the history of innovation in equipment. I'm not a surfer, but like the rest of the Sundance audience, I was absolutely fascinated by this movie. Peralta is taking his claim as the Big Kahuna of American Documentary.
