Monte Giants is a brilliant documentary that plunges deep into the world into one of the most under-appreciated sports and brings to the surface a very humane and rude emotions that director Stacy Peralta was able to capture. All from the structure of the players, to the amazing stock foot, even the style in which this film was only reinforced the beauty and power behind the sport of surfing. Of all the browsing films that I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey, and Stage of Liquid) this was the most consistent and relevant. Starting with the early ages of navigation (a short story lesson) that lasts all the way until Laird's infamous ride, Riding Giants goes beyond the heart, heart, and soul of the sport than any of the other documentaries. How does it work? By giving us the whole story, from start to finish, without fictitious or jugging jagging from the wave of wave. <br /> <br /> To start this movie was structural sound. In the other films that I have seen on surfing, do you sometimes find yourself jumping out of new people to new people, wave of waves, event events, without any knowledge of why or who? In Monte Giants, we have a lot of small veterans and newbies. This allows you to really go deeper into the mind of each one. Also, instead of just waving, we're giving more stories and more personal insight into the world than ever before. This is what really attracts me to this movie. I was impressed that instead of showing all the great waves (because it is a huge wave movie), we listened to stories and saw first but those surfers were overcome to get to these waves. I liked the information about the "beach bar" or dad in surfing. I'm still floored by the amazing stories of Greg Noll and her early adventures in the deep blue. Then to see him in person, talk about what went on in his head, only added more fuel to the fire. The right structure that Peralta follows allows me to follow and walk away with more knowledge of the sport than with any of the earlier films. Peralta shows many emotions and passions that you can not but marvel at by what those brave people are doing, and where the sport will be. <br /> Add to a structure immaculate some great and creative movies and you have to dangle near perfect movie. Using techniques that I last saw in Kid's Kid in the photo, Riding Giants created some scenes that almost felt as if they jumped out of the screen. While not 3D, it is that flat scope feels that you get when you put two pictures on top of each other. In this movie, she worked. It created more depth in the scenes, and really adds not only the value of shock (these waves were great), but also the danger that these guys are still faced. If it broke out differently or misleaded, these waves would kill them. Some died, but did not stop the sport. It only creates more excitement and more passion to do better. It is this love of the ocean and sports leading me to my final point. So much of my earliest adventures in the world of documentary browsing left me with beautiful, but very little waves of the people. These films knew that people were looking for the waves, so it would basically go out of the wave of wave of wave and maybe a second short on the person. This movie was the direct opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece does not always give us the waves, but devote more attention to the surfers and the immortal question of why they do this every day. What rushes in their minds, what pushes them to go further, and the obligations formed while out there on the wood suddenly. I felt after watching this movie that I did not know more about surfing surfaces, but also on the emotional side of the sport. This was an element not as developed by the other movies and prompting Riding Giants to a whole new level of personal. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie was brilliant. Never had I witnessed many passions, devotion, and love wrapped in a structural sound film. From the beginning to end, I was impressed. I would be very pleased if this film won the Oscar this year for the best documentary, and to see a new regeneration in the world of surfing and opening more doors to the film of this nature. <br /> <br /> Grade: *** ** from *****
