"Film noir" is an oval expression when it comes to describing the film. Each crime drama seems to be a "noir". But "Where Sidewalk ends them" really is a good example of what the genre is all about. <br /> <br /> Very shortly, an overzealous detective (Andrews) accidentally kills a no-goodnik who works for the mobsters. The killing was blamed on the father (Tom Tully) at a woman Andres satisfied and dropped to (Tierney). To save dad from Old Sparky, Andrews captures the rest of the crowd and turns himself in. His father was a thief who was trying to shoot his way out of prison. But that does not excuse her actions after she accidentally compromises the no-goodnik of self defense. He immediately went to the phone to report the incident but he hesitated. She is already in hot water with the department and this could end her career. Then at the wrong time, the ring phone. It's Andrews' partner and Andrews tell him the suspect they're having is not at home. She hid the carcass and later it's not sluggish a watchman and dump the body of the river. <br /> <br /> What motivates a guy to do something so dumb? Agree. His job was at risk. But now he has committed multiple crimes. At least I think to be multiple. I count on justice, assault, throw a body without a permit, littering, first degree of mopery, and falsely witnessing to his neighbors. <br /> In the end, we do not know whether or not the root of Andrews or not. The suspect did not deserve to die, but it was after all an accident because Andrew did not know he was a war hero and "had a silver plaque in his head." Maybe it's the kind of ambiguity that made up what he was, among other things as lighting features. If Noir participates nothing more than black-and-white photography, murder, criminal, mystery, and suspicion of women, then we should include all the movies Charlie Chan under that rubric. good. It is a kind of brand MacPherson (from "Laura") goes bitter. It never laughs, and seldom smiles, even when sitting across a restaurant table from Gene Tierney, a situation that can rapidly smile to many. It has no sense of humor at all. Its few knowledge set-downs. When he steals a stoolie in a taxi and the stoolie says, "My attention almost hit myself," Andrews' riposte is, "That's okay. Andrews was able to look like wild types at times but this is a role that requires Stubborn and humorous resilience and keeping it well.The underplaying it is perfect for the party.The little twitches or blinks his thoughts and emotional states, and I guess the director, Otto Preminger, stop him from pronouncing Bullet as "BOO-left" and police as "POE-Dust." Never mind my mind about Gene Tierney. She does well in the role of daughter of Tom Tully, a model, but she's like Marilyn Monroe's that you can not split ways to get out of these real personality traits. Does Tierney actually have an innocent, almost saintly personality? When answering the phone at home, does his voice have the same type of song on the screen? Poor Tierney has gone through some psychiatric disorders, before there was any effective medication for bipolar disorder. rews too, nice guy though it seems he was, slip into alcoholics before finally recovering and performing public service announcements. <br /> <br /> Next to DVD by Peter Muller is unpretentious, informative, and sometimes entertaining. /> <br /> Anyway, this is a good movie as well as a good example of noir movie. The good guys are not really good, although the bad guys are all bad. Maybe ambiguous is what makes it an adult photo instead of a popcorn movie. For the kiddies, only one shot shot on the screen and exploding the head of the person. Padon.
