A Turkish bath sequel to a movie noir located in New York in the 50's, which must be a hint of something! Something curiously, in all previous comments, no one has pointed out, but seems to me essential to understanding this movie <br /> <br /> The Turkish bath sequence: a back street at night, entry in a sauna smile, and Scalise wrapped in a leaf, getting his thighs massaged. Steve, the masseur is at the youngest boxer boxer (Beefcake!), And another guy, a guard? Finish dresses. Dixon obviously hates what he sees there and gets rough right away. We know he has a reputation for stirring up suspicion. Good cop but getting out of control easily. Why is it that he hates so much? <br /> Could it be that he hates himself. Is this part inherited from his father? Where can darkness be brought right at the end of the sidewalk, in the gutter? What if the dark side lurked in a "closet"? Remember: every time Dixon meets sleeping (3 times), the guy is lying on a bed, and he only has people around him for the company (the irony of the "girl" poster picks up on the wall near his bed!). /> <br /> Scalice Funny Act: Affects behavior, arbitrary neck, arrogant, cut his inhaler (poppers?) in his nostiness every time he spoke to Dixon. Dixon, with a vengeance, is bent on scaling down Scalise that does not understand: "I never saw a man so full of hatred as you .. I think it's almost funny how you came after me alone." Four years jump into me as if I was a special person! Why? "It's because Scalise is a special person: it's the direct legacy of Dixon's father:" Dad loved me, "" Dad put me in business. "It stands as Dixon's criminal brother, dark place where five years. And by itself, he prefers the company of people Dixon to know it well:" Who killed him (Paine)? You or one of your playmates? "Playmates! Notice how every time they meet, Dixon manhandles Scalise: she selects the address-book from her jackets, hits her face, her punches Scalise:" I warn you not to touch me! "The Dixon homophobia is obvious. Or it puts it different: homosexuality homosexuality.Dixon, the aka aka Dixon kid, is the son of a thief .. In this reaction, he decided to become a cop, a good but There is something in the criminal of him, a dark side: it is a violent, a murderer, a liar. Besides, he does not marry, brings "a blond dizzy" to his familiar food where all now and then, but nothing else. The waitress says he does not know how to love a woman. "Dixon has a deep feeling of guilt and hatred for these reasons." A hood and a mobster like his old man. San will say "Finally, in order to achieve redemption, Dixon decides to sacrifice himself: if he becomes ego changed his scalise kill him, he will free himself from the guilty and free girl to his father, too. <br /> The end of the movie brings us back to the opening sequence: Scalise is pushing into the sailboat and Dixon deserves the right to walk on the sidewalk and win the love of the Dame .. It is straight at last. <br /> The term Unspoken in the movie can be very good that is in a man in order to cover his reproach feelings, wanting to experience a woman's love (Jean Douchet) <br /> to be a lot of movie books by Jean Douchet in the French DVD edited by CarlottaI
