'Where the sidewalk windows (1950)' open, proper, and Dana Andrews' and the name of the genus' Tierneys' are inscribed on the sidewalk, as streams of water flow down between the beams in a sewer grille. The sidewalk represents respectability, integrity and morality? Only crooks and offenders walk in the sailboat. But even the most honorable of men has a bad trend on occasion, and when the sidewalk abruptly reaches an end, it sometimes proves impossible to avoid getting one wet wet. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the sailor's father, a professional criminal, and spent all of his life defeating his way back to the sidewalk, permanently swinging on the edge of the sidewalk. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to show the comforts and integrity of his father missing, but he owns a mean-track that he can not escape. When his quick temper left a dead murder victim, Dixon found himself becoming the father of many people who despised, a cheap criminal who will scam and lie cover up his offense. <br /> <br /> 'Where the Sidewalk Windows' was the only movie to meet Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after Laura's superb (1944), though the two films, as far as noir goes, could not be more apart. While the earlier photo had the strong intimacy of a homeland-killed hometown, this movie is much more conventional than an irregular urban police drama. Giving her memorable performance as Laura Hunt, it's unfortunate that Tierney is incredibly underused, occupying the typical niche, discouraging romantic interest as much as she did the same year at Jules Dassin's' Night and the City (1950) '}. Andrews, on the other hand, has rarely been better, showing a sense of unprecedented anger that I did not expect at him. Gary Merrill is decently smugged as the scarce boss crime, but it does not seem to mean enough for the role, and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown at the 'Big Combo (1955)' would have best suited to the character; I did not realize this, but Conte appeared just a year earlier at the Whirlpool Preminger (1949). <br /> <br /> The tension, as Dixon attempts to cover its crash crime , is absolutely hiding in the middle of the most up-to-date sequences of its era, even though I feel that the situation has still not been exploiting its full potential. The taxi driver is the only person to identify identified Dixon as a person who committed the crime but Preminger rushed to the moment when he passed Dixon on the stairs. The witness had been brought in as Dixon had re-adopted his own motion outside the apartment entrance, we could have had some fireworks And why, for this matter, could not witness the driver of the taxi immediately canceled Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully ) from suspicion of murder? Niggling inconsistencies such as these tarnish an otherwise excellent scenario from Ben Hecht, who influenced my critically criminal and hard-hit cops and critically-cracked criticisms. Andrews's complaints and implosive law enforcer, teased by rage and remorse, rarely did better, at least equal to Robert Ryan of Nicholas Ray's 'On Ground Dangerous (1952).'
