New York Police Detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demon on a daily basis at the same time as surviving with the normal ups and downs of everyday life. The strain produced by its internal battles and hatred its intense criminal, brought him to serious error in trial and fail to acknowledge the need for any code of conduct to be respected in his reporting to people on the wrong side of the law. He has a track record of treating suspects and criminals known to gross brutality and this has led him to conflict with his superior officer who has leaked him for the amount of violence it has used regularly. Dixon can not reconcile these calls for constraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He suffers from the fact that his father was a criminal and left with a powerful need to live down his father's reputation and to avoid meeting the low expectations that many people have in him as a result. When a rich Texan is murdered after gambling tonight by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned to the case. Scale of Dixon's Detective Supervisor Lyetnan Thomas (Karl Malden) who was the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and Paine had committed the murder. Dixon goes to the paine's apartment with the suspicion that is both inebriated and unkooperative and when Paine punches him, Dixon retaliates and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon goes on to throw the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife was questioned and after describing what happened to Scalise's place, adding that her dad went to Paine's apartment later this night to take issue with her about the fact that she would return home with hematomas . Paine had already attacked him on a number of occasions with his father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), threatened that if he came again he would beat Paine up. This information led to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise killed Texan, and then Paine was killed to eliminate him as a witness. Dixon continues to make various attempts to get convicted Scalise but eventually realize that the only way to succeed is achieving its goal is to write a confession on his own role in Paine's death and the lift up. He does so and also writes that he will be alone to confront Scalise for police arresting criminals to kill Dixon. Confrontation and scalability and eventually that Dixon realizes its own redemption, gives a conclusion of tension and tightness to this chilly comedy. Dana Andrews' expresses tension and prejudice to transmit nature to ever-troubling characters and concerns as he deals with a series of misfortunes that include and follow the death of Paine's death. Dixon, however, is not the only one experiencing misfortunes as Morgan, a successful model losing his job because of all the surrounding issues. Her father, who would have been granted a diploma to help the police a few years earlier, unjustly found himself charged with a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine who would be a hero war experienced unemployment and a loss of self esteem that led to alcoholism and beat wife and scalise that would have been set up in business by Dixon's father also suffered his own. /> "The End of Sidewalk Where" is a very engaging story involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and a main protagonist who is the absolute perfection of moral ambiguity.
