The charm of grandiose grandfather Otto Preminger, film visionary is that he intends to limit, betray the gloomy sense of the central character, who is still offended by living in the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrews' drive, cop driven to show as an outsider, irrational and destructive, possibly changing because she can get a good woman to look after her. Troubled people reclaims himself with his own self-tangled rectitude. The atmosphere of distress forever skipped in half of letters in the story by senarist Ben Hecht reverberates in Andrews's tension performance as Preminger satire the film in a prosaic prominent substance in style. We not only see and hear the city at night; We feel because Preminger allows us to see and hear the most peripheral and far-reaching factors in it. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews provides a complex character unfolding in his spite of violence and hatred that always infests him. As the plot develops, it is secretly entangled in stinged situations, but it is renewed by acts outside that can be seen in the expression of the former Noir vendor's expression before it executes. <br /> <br /> This reflection of a specific phase of development of the genre is a film, feral and shadowy environment that shades the double-facing climate, where the hero is So it is alien that it is still swelling and rage, and even if it loses its rational resistance, occupational principles, and ethical limitations, it's still a good cop. Preminger just winks in telling a social-awareness drama about a corrupt community in the sprawling village, rather holding the thriller up on Andrews' shoulder as an existence trip to personal division of a man with a central fixation that gets disconnected though with all Time -Involving the influence of the law on his side with a perception of the right and wrong submissions. The production companies in the early 1950's sought out the social-problem picture, and instead made "low-budget, high-risk aging" like this, apparently in an attempt to evade conniptions of conservative criticisms and social busybodies . But there is a matter of expression-the-fact Preminger's inimitable approach. It injects each scene with a sense of daily drama as a set of tracks. Each supported character must pull their own weight by doing something interesting, but none of them are funny or depressing funny relics. For her, every character thinks that the star, like for every self-confirmed head of the head-out-egg-shoulder at Karl Malden as a missionary police inspector and a veteran restaurant waitress at a lunch counter. It is the star of the stars --- Andrews and Gene Tierney, both relieved by useless attempts to prevent their emotional intensity - they do not want to.
