Ah, noir. I love most. Otto Preminger's follow-up for "Laura" is a noir movie set in a New York war, where corruption and violence run rampant. It stars Dana Andrews as Sergeant Mark Dixon, a detective whose brutal tactics has landed him in hot water and his superiors. <br /> <br /> When it accidentally kills a murder suspect, Dixon tries to blame the bomber crime boss Tommy Scalese. Dixon is close to achieving her goal when she gets involved with the dead man's wife, Morgan Taylor's beautiful. Of course, in typical noir mode, things are quickly gone down hill. While the movie does not make any interesting or narrow cameras of camera, it has a constant tone of dread and gloom. Like most great noirs, it is also pretty rhythm, sucking the viewer right from the start. Still, as most of Preminger's workmanlike films, it's not something I would look like again. He lacked the verbal verbal of Wilder, the flamboyant visual of Hitchcock or the Spatial Experimentation of Welles. Like later work, "Sidewalk" feels a lot of "script" in what a noir should be, instead of something really genuinely articulating. <br /> Fictionally, the movie is nothing special. He is on a cop who finds himself slowly becoming a criminal. In one Dixon scene explained that his father himself was a thief, the movie flirting with the notion of achievement, but this one scene is as far as Otto goes, or oz to take his mind. The camera work is just as disappointing. There is no intelligence in Otto's camera. No effort has been made to the camera anything. It does not play with space or architecture or prevents the step-by-step police procedures. It's just Stateless wear ups and occasional Dolly's in and out. Important, though most people do not care about these things. <br /> <br /> There is, however, one good shot where our hero is trapped in a car full of gangsters (cage diamonds) which he even went into a car-lift (another cage) and is taken at the lion's gangster. Like Lynch's "Blue Velvet", Otto retropologizes the movie, constantly appearing "upstairs" in hell. This works well, but the design puts its overburden to it. <br /> 7/10 - Otto looks like content to track the Hawksian mold in what a noir is, rather than the games and possibilities in which noir can go. Like "Detour", "Night in the City", "Scarlet Street", "In a Single Place", "Violence Law", "Bomberang" and "Johnny Desire", "Where the Sidewalks" is one of the These people made second tier movie noir. It's competent and engaging, but lacking special special magic.
