Otto Preminger, filling a nocturnal cycle in Twentieth Century Fox, gathering his "Laura" for this dramatic, dramatic detective drama. Dana Andrews again shows a cop, but this time he was stubborn, cynical and accused of police brutality by his superiority - "You do not hate ot, you liked to beat them up!". Mark Dixon (Andrews) provoked criminal, as his own father was a thief. He does not want to be "the sandy dixon kid" so he became a policeman, but his methods are harsh and hateful. <br /> One night, investigating a murder, unknowingly a suspicious punch, Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) was so tough to kill him. A Dixon shake doing his best to cover it, which intends to framed a hatred Thug, Scalise (Gary Merrill) for the crime. However, the blame falls on Paine's father-in-law, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), whose daughter, model model model Morgan Taylor (Tierney) is aligned from her husband, but keeps getting drawn into quick game do not let him. Paine threw his wife, father of his father, who appeared in his son's apartment in the law, but not until Dixon had gone with the body. There is no better suspicion, Jiggs were arrested and charged. <br /> <br /> Riddled with guilt, Mark falls to Morgan and offers money for a lawyer. She decided to take on Scalise anyway but leaving a letter to the department in the event of her death, confess everything. In the end, he can not live with the knowledge and what he did, and allows the latter to be read by his superiority, not Morgan. Despite all the tragic circumstances, Morgan announced his love for Mark and he will wait for it. <br /> It was good to find this movie on DVD, after many years televised obscures. Eddie Mueller, a historian movie noir, gives the comment and does a good job, but I found his statement that hearings did not want to keep the meaning of casting in the conduct, since "Laura" had done six years earlier. In that sense, he made mistakes because they appeared in the "Curtain Do" two years before WTSE and the film was a box office-successful. Andrews and Tierney were fabulous together, and Ruth Donnelly is tremendous comic relief as Martha restaurant owner, fanning the flames between the detective and the lady. The cities either give film at a time of threat. Gary Merrill is great as the low-life Scalise, who had a past criminal and Dixon's father ("your dad loved me," he taunts Mark). Karl Malden and a young Neville Brand are also terrific. And Tom Tully is just touching and humorous as Morgan's unjustly accused. <br /> An occasional watch movie with a fantastic cast.
