Where's the end of the sidewalk (1950) <br /> Where's a sequel, another begins <br /> This is a prototype movie noir, and as such, very flawless, from both style and content content in view. Photography and night settings are the first percentage (Cinematographer Joseph LaShelle allows the dramatic drama in scene after stage), and the close-ups on the face of expressionism. I can watch this kind of visual movie alone, even when the actors are struggling with the feeling. <br /> But the act is the first percentage here, and the character traits that I consider the core of most movie noir, alienated male lead (representing many people returning to a United States changed after the war and feel losing themselves). In fact, not only Dana Andrews is really compelling as the fearful detective detector, she has a small but important counterpart in the film, the husband leads the female (first), a decorated former GI to fall on hard times and booze. The fact that one man kills the other might be of meaningful monuments, in general - the regular guy struggles in his inner problem to success while the medals-wear soldiers slip into an accidental death and a silver plaque in his head. The transition woman from one of the other - we are supposed to be married and have children as suggested earlier in the movie. Even if this will push an interpretation over it after the fact, we can still see the path of one person with some psychological baggage monitoring in a crisis of the highest quality in moral order - turning it into for a small crime just to the point she actually got to go with it. This movie belongs to Andrews. He plays a shorter and moving type than Kirk Douglas plays in a similar role in William Wyler's detective history was made a year later, and Andrews certainly have less theater. You could easily see both movies nearby to compare books and composition sessions. The fact that Andrews as Dixon Detective is morally struggling through it all, and Douglas as Detective McLeod is not, could explain why one man gets her girl and the other does not. Gene Tierney pulls on a sympathetic, unraveling, and finally conventional and "beautiful" type of woman - not just a desirable card, but someone you want Dixon to actually get married. <br /> <br /> The criminal plot is really high in the main drama, but is effective enough in its play with kind and cliche. The little parts are kept snappy, the small details (such as the portable portable tab) touches handsome, far from the character actors or glamorous gambles in Casablanca. But then Curtiz's big movie is iconic even in the details - it does not make any effort to be subtle and real and penetrating, but instead is sweeping and memorable and inspiring. They come to the opposite side of the war, and represent opposing possibilities for the leading men. Bogart is starting his active duty, Dixon, and the Dixon man died and they are all in. Through, well, but not washed. <br /> It's not accidentally that many, possibly most, noir movie has what you would call "happy" end. The man overcomes his opponent and transforms his own interior, and movies, and then understands just how beautiful it should be.
