I'm a big fan of noir film fans, and this film by Otto Preminger is easy to stand as one of the best that I've seen! Preminger has assembled two of her stars from 'Laura' hits - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a totally different sort of crime movie. Laura is based around love, and this movie is based on hatred; as we watch detective police Mark Dixon, a bronze already suffered investigation from his superiors for his heavy tactics, accidentally killing a suspect and trying to punish the murder of a known criminal; a man by the name of Tommy Scalisi. The brilliant scheme worked, and excellent Preminger balancing several plot points; but it all comes back down to the main moral implications surrounding our main characters. The fact that the film is placed in the underground criminals means that the draw is given an excellent basis to work in, and director Otto Preminger expertly captures the sleazy side of life by showing the main character gambling, beating one another ( and women), shooting and more - and this also helps to compensate the movie from the earliest of 'Laura', which was very popular in upper class society. The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the most part exciting in his career. Here, we have a character that is difficult to love as it is so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives to ensure that it is easy to sympathize with, and allowing the audience the ability to plug in his plight. The character development is well timed, and as we followed this character and his motivation throughout the movie; Everything makes sense to the end. Her co-star is beautiful to Gene Tierney, who does not give much to do in this movie as she was in Laura; a movie that made its linchpine Tierney. He does well with what he has, however, with lead Duo chemistry is excellent and Tierney helps complete all of his scenes in. I can not say that this is a movie much better than Laura's earliest; This is a hard act to follow, but this movie certainly fits into the Noir movie format better than Preminger's earliest movie. The film also made a good comparison piece for Laura; as just about everything in this movie is opposite film in 1944, yet it's all unusual to familiarize. Very recommended at all!
