At first glance, it would seem natural to compare where Sidewalk ends with Laura. Both have noirish types, both are directed by Otto Preminger, and both stars Danana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But that's where most end of the comparisons. Laura faced chic, sophisticated people and means that just reached themselves mixed-up into a murder. Where Sidewalk ends are placed in a completely different layer. These are the people who have barely nailed brushes that are more accustomed to seeing the underbelly in society than going to fancy clothing party. Where the Sidewalk ends is a fearless film filled with desperate people who solve their problems with the points or some other weapons. Shortly a dozen-a-dozen and cops regularly confiscated from the crooks. To keep in a murder investigation looks as natural as breathing. While I have not seen her body at work, based on what I've seen, Dana Andrews gives one of her best performances as the beats-down cop, Det. Sgt. Mak Dixon. It is kind of cop that uses to stir up local freeways if it gets his information or a confession. One night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. She does it best to cover it. But things get complicated when it comes to dead man's marriage, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father gets suspicious number one of the murder case. As Morgan father meant the world for her, Dixon has done so she can clear the old man without involving himself. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the end of Sidewalk is exceptional. In addition to the terrific performance from Andrews, the movie features still at Tierney's delight. It has a good quality that can make even smaller at times seem brighter. The rest of the cast is just as solid and Tom Tully as the father is wrongly accused of being a real exceptional. Beyond the act, direction, lying, lighting, and cinematography are all top-notch. In general, it is an amazingly beautiful film made. <br /> If I have one complaint (and as it is a very, very minor riddle) it's that Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and its environment. It is a little hard to believe that a woman like that could get herself mixed-up with some of these heavy characters. It's not really her fault, it's just the way Tierney comes across. It looks a little too nice, polished, and delicate for the party. But gentle, kind, trustworthy nature adds a sense of realism to painting it.
