At the location of Sidewalk windows, Otto Preminger reunited Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, surely hoping to recapture the magic of his Laura. But film films disappear, putting in different layers in New York (not mentioned at opposite poles in the noir universe). A romantic steam in the Gothic gothic on Manhattan in the upscale of Laura, with her erotic mania and fragrant fragrance of necrophilia; Where the end of Sidewalk is most urban soap and gravel beouling a city in the basement apartments, steam rooms and parking garages. But it's all kind of fine a movie as his venerable presence and colorful-in-the -Wool noir (Laura, by contrast, one of the clutches of films from 1944 to the first French to embrace 'noir,' has always been a sophisticated murderous mystery). The daylight went out only on many temporary suffering, and photography director Joseph LaShelle made the most of the corridors and brownstones, docks and the El. This is great city excellence - especially Big Apple - Noir, like many others from the outstanding harvest in 1950, including Side Street and Sleep City and the Stranger Stranger and Edge of Doom. As the film opens, detective police Dana Andrews is on the carpet for his brutal way, particularly his Vendetta around criminal boss Gary Merrill (who we learn was set up in business by father ne'er-doing-well Andrews ). When an out-of-towner stabbed to death in a cracking crap toy operated by Merrill, the hair-trigger Andrews brutally wakes up a witness, causing him a fatal crack in the skull (invaded by a steel plate installed at the top of the veteran). Realizing that his job is already on the line, Andrews deposits the body of the river after making it look like the suspect took a powder. <br /> Of course, this far from an end to it. The corpse is uncovered, his madness madness turns out to be Tierney, and all the evidence begins to turn toward his father (Tom Tully), a hack driver who passed not only being crucified even mean street night of killing the person, but they have enough reason to want to die abusive. But Andrews are embroiled to intimidate to get into Tierney a convocation of his best nature; he tries to exploit his father while still maintaining his own involvement in the whole business of a secret .... <br /> Not so epigrammic as Laura, the script for where the windows in Sidewalk (by Ben Hecht ) shows a pungency of its own (in a second dress-down, his superior says Andrews, "Look at you - all bunged up like a barrelhouse bar '). <br /> But while Laura spreads her attention More than half a dozen characters, here Andrews is all but concentrated in salt (even Tierney's role is far less central than Laura's half-spectrum.) And Andrews may never have her excellent performance here. lipped and taciturn, but never more eloquent than when his face silently inscribed the bitter that his own self had brought him. It is a pent-up breath that can get released only through the safety pipes violence (he even grieves against his loyal partner, Bert Freed). For sure, he gets too fast a redemption path if the agency his beautiful co-star. But that was the style of time, and a tight finish-up made little of this New York story of violence, corruption and city shuttles.
