We are a long way in LAURA. Again Otto Preminger directs, Dana Andrews star as a police detective named Mark, and Gene Tierney is the beautiful woman who suggests her, but there is nothing else about WHERE SIDEWALK ENDS is like most favorite mysteries to the mystery of all. Instead of our delightful quotable dialogue, we find courageous, realistic reactions. While the earliest movie took place in the upper ritzy heroes of New York society, here we are in the low-lying district of black streets, hoodlums, cheap restaurants and croissants. Tierney, gorgeous ever, now works as a department-store mannequin and life in Washington Heights (the neighborhood of the "doll" which once got a fox fur from Mark McPherson LAURA). This time Andrews is Mark Dixon, an older, sad, more troubled version of the cool jumper in a slim dress. <br /> <br /> WHAT SIDEWALK ENDS belongs to a sub-genre of noir, police brutality cinema focuses on cops that can not control violent impulses. Like Kirk Douglas's character of Detective story, Dixon must despise his bleeding for Crooks in passing his father's criminals. Where Douglas is self-righteous and blind in his own fault, Andrews is burdened by reprimand guilt and self-oke. He accidentally killed a suspect and covered up his actions with an attempt to suspend judgment on a thin gangster (Gary Merrill) whom he was virginly prosecuted for years. Instead, a cool taxi driver is suspected of being killed by the deceased father and mistreated Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, fell in love with the wife of the man he killed, trying desperately to save his father without giving himself away. <br /> <br /> Among protagonist noir, Dana Andrews has distinguished this: she was incapable of appearing unintelligent. Even when playing an average Joe, as it usually does, it always comes across as very sensitive and perceptive; more than that, when he was too thinking of his own comfort to him that haunted - and haunted - quality that was his essence as an actor. He plays ordinary guys, cops and soldiers, but always with a tragic undercurrent to see and know too much. Her conscious heroes marked by fatigue, guilt, inability to everlasting "lighten." No other actor may have expressed that bottle-up anger, the slow-burn pain, the agonized intelligence of Mark Dixon. It also has a muted tenderness, a muffled heat and even wry humor that makes it heartbreaking. This comes out when it takes Morgan to a restaurant where it is a regular, and for the first time we see this cold, brutal man trading mock insulting to the waitress, whose sarcasm can not hide his affection and anxiety for li. When Dixon asked her partner for the money to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, she provided her even if they had just discussed with Dixon casting a punch on her. There is no word about loyalty or knowing it is a good guy but we see it all in silence the man and his wife's resignation as he hands on some jewelry to paw. Dixon's bonus comes across other people's reaction as much as Andrews's deep-moving performance. <br /> <br /> Though Dana Andrews was a minor star, she could have forty excellent excellence. He goes to some movies hardly ever taken in his layers; With that boxy, mid-century silhouettes, more fortified by the Fedora, glass of bourbon, the cigarette does not take out of her mouth when it talks, it looks imprisoned in the masculine ideal of harshness and impassivity. While Noir's many romanticized two-fisted guy, the SIDEWALK ENDS offers an unflinching portrait of the reality behind the facade, a blatant explosion and sadness of the roots and consequences of violence. Andrews was sadly in his own time (it was the only one of the three protagonists in the best years of our lives by nominating for awards Academy, though low-key performance it is far more compelling than the Hammam Frederic March, Oscar-winning drink). Fortunately, Andrews appears in some films that assured his immortality, and now at last this little-known film, with its best performances, can be seen as part of the beautiful movie film film set . This series, including a number of never before released titles (like NIGHTMARE ALLEY and Highway THIEVES), suggests that Twentieth-Century-Fox might have had the finest record in all major studios when it came to film noir.
