As a teenager at the time, Airwolf was obliged to look for a generation that wanted "Cowboys and Indians" to have amazing gadgets and blizz-bang explosions. In many ways, the show was essentially the Knight Rider in the Sky: just as funny-pound technology, a central character that was essentially a loner, and echoing the concept of one person making a difference. But, in other, important ways, it was thematly different from Knight Rider, Street Hawk, A-team and other action shows in the time. For one thing, the premise of the series is built not on a desire to help those in need but by possession of Hawke's Stringfellow in Airwolf for essentially selfish reasons (as increasing to try to get his brother MIA, St. John). Then there is the dark corner that has been given by the set-up firm firmly in the 80-year war of war, filled with Soviet spying and central American dictators, not to mention the enemy. Sure, the A-Team is still referring back to Vietnam and the team's status as fugitives, but it was generally done with a light touch and was rarely central to the plot itself. With Airwolf, the intrigue was key to the tone and direction of the show - although this was (ill-advised) diluted as the series went on. With retrospect, the Cold War clearly enclosed the series, many of the stories is crucial and optimally, and much of what Airwolf does is clearly implausible even with today's technology. But that's really not the point. Airwolf was rip-roaring fun, he tried to tell interesting stories without relying only on the sequence of the big actions, and it was not sugar-dress everything by the miracle to ensure that nobody was killed. Sometimes it fails, but often it succeeds admirably - and on a TV budget for boots. <br /> For UK readers, DMAX (Sky Channel 155) has just started (Jan 2008) daily re-run at Airwolf. Set your Sky + box for this long explosion - we can even get re-tools, re-cast (and sharply inferior vast) fourth quarter, which in my knowledge has never been shown in the UK.
