The 'Last Wave' is far more than the sum of its part. It's not just a disaster movie, not just an exploration of Australian aborigines, and certainly more than a simple court drama. Writer / Director Peter Weir managed to take these elements to the next level to produce a truly efficient and thought-provoking movie with the same unusual atmosphere he gave the Rock 'hanging picnic' two years earlier, that you will continue to remember years later .. When the lawyer David Burton (Chamberlain) called for Chris Lee (Gulpilil) about the death of an Aboriginal for which he or she may not be directly responsible, he finds himself not merely difficult to get the truth from Lee, but makes sense from what he hears when he comes. Like the Aboriginal belief that there are two worlds - everyday with the Dreamtime, the truth exists on two completely different levels, with more disastrous consequences than Burton could ever imagine. <br /> No doubt the reason why the 'hanging pics picnic' is better remembered because of its enduring mystery. We are directing the same path but forcing them to find answers for ourselves. In the 'Last Wave', we can piece everything together at the end of the movie. However, even with all the information, we must choose how much of it we want to believe, because the film takes us beyond the borders of our normal reality. <br /> <br /> On the production side, Weir uses it the budget great effect, progressively building a sense of bankruptcy in everything from soft lighting, to heavy rains, to good sound usage. The occasional music is unobtrusive, never trying to be breathtaking. Richard Chamberlain manages to transmit the buffing to the audience would undoubtedly feel as he tries to unravel the mystery. David Gulpilil excellent show a man trapped between two worlds, wanting to do what is right but afraid because he already knows the finish. <br /> <br /> Put all this together, and you have a perfect example of why David Weir is a familiar name in thirty years of film. Recommended completely.
