George Cukor directed this great storytelling into the world's premiere of the theater and touching his senses but firmly. Ronald Colman's performance, which earned him an Oscar, still stands up despite a moment overwrought ?? It's hard to forget her haunting face as she pulls around around social functions and tries to find meaning in her life. There are a number of interesting subtcs and Cukor performs an excellent job to make them clear without overburdening too much. Scripts by Canon Garson and Ruth Gordon are brilliant, mixing the world theater rarities and the world seduced the streets and using all the elements from Shakespeare's "Lear King" as a reference to both main theme of the movie Louvre and Mania characters Colman's and identity. <br /> Many interesting things about this movie ?? Superficially it might be postponed as too flippant a treatment of the daily issues of actors. In other words if the art act requires complete sublimation this individually we would soon have a rash of psychological street method actors. But I do not really think the main concern of this story is to act or the work / art of acting for each. I think Antony's struggle represents a broader existence issue, a profound uncertainty burying on identity. There's a key, I feel, in his relationship with his ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He said he would never have been or could become a good actor without his inspiration. And to another point she clearly stated that her extreme identity and her role began when she married her. I'm not sure what to do in this but it seems important to me, especially because of her mania and her and jealous of her who finally pushed her to the top. Perhaps the implication is that Anthony puts himself in danger in the first place by entering into a serious relationship. The marriage implies a "soul union" of the traditional conception. It's strange that the male and female protagonists are divorced at the beginning of the movie. It's not completely unprecedented (eagle comedy "Girl Friday" the water source, among others), but it is strange and probably important, especially in light of the fact that they do not end up resolving their romantic separation. In one way, the movie might mean jealousy is another form of self-love.
