**** ALL ALSO **** All over Australia the summer has become a desert of rain and hail stones the size of baseball that has resulted in havoc in coastal cities such as Sydney. Under the agitation conditions that David Burton's attorney Richard Chamberlain participated in a case, as a defense lawyer, involving the death of a local aborigine who was killed dead outside a Sydney bar. <br /> <br /> Having five fellow aborigines arrested for Billy Cormans, Athol Compton, his death is determined by the police coroner that Billy died in would be drowned by violence even though he had bumps him, and shoulders. But the court decided to prosecute the five for his charge and striker instead of killing. <br /> David defends the five do not get any help from them in their defense and attackers are accused of choosing to stay well and keep what happens to Billy themselves and take what comes to them from the court. One of the defendants Chris, David Gulpili, began to somehow invade David's dream as if he wanted to tell him what was really behind Billy's death. David did not first take his dreams to Chris seriously starting the real sense when he met him in the court. Chris confirms David's dream by showing him a strange looking black stone that David saw Chris has in his dream. Then, Chris gathered, and, apparently, an aborigine, Charlie (Nandjiwarna Amagula), who arrived at his home that evening David said he, like Charlie, has the spiritual power that he inherited from Grandfather's mother l '. These powers will reveal him the future that has to do with the strange weather conditions that flood the Australian continent. The earth, Chris tells David, goes through a gigantic cleansing cycle with the old world about to be washed away and the new world ready to take his place. David is confused about what both Chris and Charlie say to him, but as the rains continue to increase and the ocean waves start up and feel that something terrible will happen. David wants to know whether it's all aboriginal folklore or there are some scientific facts, or logic, behind the end of global-like revelations. <br /> <br /> Not now it's obvious that both Chris and Charlie are members of an aboriginal tribe right in the heart of modern Sydney. That alone can get Chris off, as well as his four friends, for the murder of Billy. Since the Australian government will not pursue tribal aborigines, leaving any justice to be done by the tribal leaders. Still Chris refuses to admit he is a member of an authentic tribe and he and his four friends were sentenced to death of Billy's death and sentence to be released to the judge in days. Find out what was right for Chris's silence, and why Billy died, is taken by Chris at the scene of the crime. It's that David finds that Billy betrayed members of Chris's' not going there and Billy was not a member of Chris's aboriginal tribes. He also revealed to David that he himself had some kind of spiritual connection with the Austrailian Aborigines as both Charlie and his father-step Rev. Burton, David Parslow, told him. <br /> <br /> The stage is now set for the great and final cleansing cycle that David saw in both his night dreams - times and the day's vision. It comes in the form of a massive wave tide rolling from the Pacific Ocean in the Australian coast town of Sydney and then submerges the entire continent.
