Ronald Colman plays a famous actor Broadway who began to lose his mind and sense of identity. After years of playing a wide range of parts, he can not remember who he exactly is - who is his role with who is self. And, more seriously, he begins to see and hear his play even in regular daily lives. So, since he is playing now at "Othello", he starts acting jealous and suspicious - just like the title character. Ultimately, he led him to the depths of frenzy and murder. <br /> I saw this movie years ago and love it. I just saw it again and loved it. Now maybe some of my enthusiasm is because I still love Ronald Colman and this is a great triumph for him - and for which he has earned Oscar the best Actor. And, look at the competition this year (Gregory Peck for the GENTLEMAN agreement, John Garfield for Bodies and Souls, William Powell for LIFE AND PAPA and Michael Redgrave for ELECTRONIC TEMPLATES), I think Colman was a very good choice, as he Stretching out of his usual comfort zone, he did a much more demanding role. <br /> Now I noticed that one review hated this movie because of Shakespeare's hatred - and this takes about half of the reviews talking about the flu for him. However, this film is not really about Shakespeare, and it does not matter if you're Shakespeare. I have no great fan of Shakespeare, but amazed at the small portions of the play that Colman re-adopted - though, as I said, this is not really a movie about Shakespeare. Instead, it's a wonderful portrait of an actor losing his head and mixing his stage with reality. It could be any play, though "Othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene - that came out for real later in the movie. <br /> <br /> In general, a very smart movie due to a beautiful script - with some harmonies in Noir film. Fortunately, the act was also formidable, as Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was particularly good - he played his part just right). And, considering the great George Cukor ruled, it's not surprising it's a wonderful movie from start to finish.
