A double life has developed a mystic among film fans for two reasons: the idea of ​​an actor's scheme will be getting so wrapped up in a role (here Othello) as they pick up the great flaw of character and put it into his life; and that's the movie which won the Ronald Colman Academy Award (as well as the Golden Globe) as Best Actress. Let's take the second point. <br /> Is Anthony Colman's greatest role, or even his signature role? I have doubts about either level - but it is in the best of its best role. Most of his career, Ronald Colman played decent men, often in dangerous or atypical situations. It is Bulldog Drummond (clean up in Goldwyn's production by being an arrogant racist) fighting crime. He is Raffles, the big cricket player and even the greatest burglarist, trying to pull his best flight to save a friend's honor. It is Robert Conway, the great Imperial political figure, who kidnapped and led to this paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, manfully going to his death after learning his masterpiece was destroyed and known he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here it is not heroic. In fact, it is unknowingly villainous - it kills one person and almost kills two others. It does not matter that it is obviously mentally ill - its behavior here is anti-social. <br /> <br /> For me Colman should have gotten the Oscar for Heldar, or Carton, or Conway - all the more typical of his role. But the Academy has a long tradition of picking atypical roles to raise treasures in its leading members. Anthony John Colman is a very good performance, and at one point truly scary. When alone with Signe Hasso in her house, she heads a staircase with her at the base, they have a discussion. He asks "Tony" to leave, saying he will not see him. He stares at him, his face oddly gotten in a way he never used before, and said, "Oh, no you will not!" He starts moving upstairs, fearing Hasso, and runs into his room. She stopped her head and leaves. He is actually the real high in his performance - even more than his attacks in Hasso on stage, or in Edmond O'Brien, or killing him at Shelley Winters. He showed his blind anger. For the moment it was (me) an Oscar-worthy performance. But it is only the moment. I am pleased that he was recognized for the role, but he should have the pricing for a consistent performance. <br /> <br /> Its real performance in the role of Shakespearian in Othello is not great, but bearable. Too often it allows dialogue dialogue in his language in a kind of forced style style (one wonderful thing if that was due to the coach of Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to handle the role properly, or a reaction to it) . Nowadays "Othello" is played by an American African actor more often than a white. Spectacular performances by Paul Robeson in the role of putting new traditions firmly in place. But three best film performances known in the party are those of Colman, Orson Welles in his film at OTHELLO, and Laurence Olivier in his movie in his play production in OTHELLO. All three white actors performed the role of black face. My personal favorite of the three is Welles, which looks the most subtle. But even the fine film films Welles make me angry that Robeson never got to perform his performance (and Jose Ferrer as Iago) on film. <br /> Now the first question - can an actor get that wrapped up in a role? I hear different things about that. Some actors have been admitted to take a role and role in the theater or movie theater. Others have found a role to be interesting, influencing them on a new cause of action regarding their lives or some aspects of their lives. But actually I've never heard of anyone who turns homicide as a result of a role. It looks like a melodramatic, hackneyed idea. As a matter of fact it was not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor, Cain, and Gordon. In 1944 a feature of "B", the BRIGHTTON STRANGLER, began John Loder, used a similar plot on an actor playing the infamous "Jack Ripper" type, and who began to commit these types of assassinations after an accident affect his mind. There was an earlier film in the 1930s, in which an actor playing Othello became jealous of his wife (I think that the title was HUMAN by GOD, but I'm not sure). But due to Colman's name and career, and leading the Cukor, it is a double life that people think of when they remember the idea of ​​this scheme. He even came to comedy (ultimately) about a cheaper episode, where Diane Chambers is helping a senior convict who has the ability to act, and put on the same in the bar, just after seeing him with Sam Malone kissing. Only Diane is aware of the personal nature of the ex-convict, and can not delay the production long enough (she tries to start a discussion of the story and symbiosis of the play). <br /> Throw in a double life was the first percentage, and Cukor's direction was as sure ever. So the movie is definitely worth watching. But despite giving Colman an interesting role, he did not work better on the screen.
