Legend of Dragons is one of those little-known games that either love or hate. Some people claim it's too far different from other games, namely the Final Fantasy series - which is understandable, since it originally intended Sony's Final Fantasy equivalent. Honestly I can not comment on the similarity that is beyond that, as I'm not very familiar with the FF games. <br /> I think my favorite aspect of the game is the battle system. Not only do you have the ability to change to a more powerful dragon form, but each time you attack, you have to pay attention in order to complete the attack by pressing buttons in the correct time. Not only that, sometimes enemies will attack you back right in the middle of a sequence, which means you have to press different buttons in order to avoid getting damaged. Even the use of certain attack items requires a bit of button-mashing. If you do not want to attack, you can always protect, which not only cuts any damage taken in half, but increases your hit point without the use of healing potions. <br /> <br /> FMV is well-done, on the same quality as Final Fantasy 8. However, the graphics during playing games are not quite up to that standard. They are beautiful, but they could - and honestly, would be - better. The translation as well leaves something to be desired. Not only does it raise interesting character relationship relationships, but there are also some grammatical errors that simply should not have been allowed to pass. Another thing I found interesting was that you lost main party character - one dead, and the other fundamentally become useless to the party with the leaves. While the death of the one character is often said to have no point, it makes you realize early on that the characters, while heroes, are still just as mortal as the next. The people who replace the lost characters simply find all the stats, so the play-wise transition game is fairly smooth. Maybe one complaint about the characters is the love interests of the main character, Shana. It is the epitome of the girl discouraged in the need to salvage, pathetic to the point of driving a screaming player and frustration. While you can use it in your part, it is insanely weak - I do not even know what its power dragon is like, as I guys read so much I never used it. The Rose, by contrast, is probably my favorite female character in any game ever. He has no trap, and some of his magic dragons are very useful. Meru is loud as well, while sometimes being a brilliant annoying spit. The character designers were, as most of them, inclined to make the female characters appear beautiful or regardless, and do not give much thought to the actual utility of the team. Seriously, there is no weapon and most of your skin exposure is not useful when fighting monsters. But I'll give them accessibility, as they do have women serving as riders in various countries. <br /> I can not comment very much on the draw, as honestly I did not pay much attention to it further where I needed to go to next. I'm not sure if this tells something about the draw itself, or my bank style. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a very enjoyable game. It has its flaws, but for me it strikes just the right balance of thinking and just pressing buttons and kill monsters.
