This two-part mini-TV series is not as good as the original from 1966 but it's solid. The original benefited from a large number of things --- it was all in black and white, having a great jazz score and was filmed in real locations, including the clutter house clutter house. That was important because in the book and in the original movie the house is very much a character itself. This note was filmed in Canada which I guess doubts okay for Kansas. The story tries to be as sympathetic to Perry as he dares and Eric Roberts plays it as a bit angry man, his homosexuality barely hidden. The youth taken by Roberts does not work well at the end though because it's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith would just finally explode into a spasm of murder. While Robert Blake takes on Smith let you no doubt that his Perry Smith was a very dangerous character. Anthony Edwards was excellent as the bomb, big-lips and finally laughed Dick Hickcock, the brains of the outfit. His performance compares well to Scott Wilson's role in the original movie. Since this is a longer film it allows more time to develop the Clutter family and in this sense I think film in 1996 has an advantage. Clutters are just an exceptional, decent family. They have never hurt another soul and it is just inexplicable that such a decent family is finally massacred in a horrible way. It still boggles my mind that, after Clutters was locked in the bathroom, Herb Clutter was not forced out the window for at least her children would have a chance to escape. This movie was thought to happen to her, but too late. From what I read about the real house, which is still standing, the road is the configured toilet could have opened the counter drawers and effectively barricades the door that would have forced the killer to blast their way in. You bought time for some of the Clutters to escape. Why the Clutters did not try this, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book will recognize that this film takes a lot of freedom and how the crime is committed, but not too serious. Still, it's distracting from viewers like me who has read tons of the case. The actors playing cops, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are excellent excellent, better, I think, as a group, than the actors of the original film. They know that to secure the wand around the courses both of them have to get them confessed. And the officers come to the emergency preparedness interview. They have already discovered alibi of the deep story's fortune in going to Fort Scott, and has debunked every jot into it. Officers then left Smith & Hickcock just walking in the trap. Hickcock is a b. Artists who face it can convince anyone in anything and the respectable officers let him tell his story story. But when the boom is low, it breaks down very fast. It's very well filmed and acting with many gratifying to watch because the viewer naturally should destroy Hickcock in particular by this point, a cowardly man who needs the Smith to easily manipulate to kill him for him. Supposedly Hickcock later stated that the real reason for the crime did not steal money from the Clutters but raped Nancy Clutter. At least he killed that degradation. The actors playing the Clutters are very good, Kevin Tighe as Herb Clutter in particular. The story of dealing sensitivity to Clutter's emotional problems, most likely clinical depression, and Clutter's wife show remarkable interior strength when firmly strong and strongly asks that the killer leaves her daughter alone. From what I had read Clutters survival family was particularly bothered by how Bonnie Clutter was described in the book, claiming it was entirely true. But as a sidewalk, both of the assassins related to the police are how Mr. Clutter asks not to bother his wife because of his long illness. Capote could make up this fiction to make the character of Bonnie more interesting, but certainly the killers had no reason to lie show Clutter Woman and no doubt many of the conversation in the book (double in the movies) is right Confessions were stuck in the killers. So it would have been meaningful for herb to say and not have it to be true.
