I'm from Sweden and I've just seen this movie and the thing is that I thought it was okay. I have seen many bad comments about it but you must remember that a lot of people who watch this two-party ministries are located all over the world and not just in USA. Also remember that not everyone has ever heard of the movie made in the 60s and maybe not in the events (murders). And even more ... that it can be difficult to find the original movie and if so still there are people around who do not like black / white movie. This one feels cool and in color and it will get its public. Its 12 years old now but I just saw it for the first time. I will try to get the first one if I can compare them but I have not seen it anywhere in Sweden. Ofcorse has internet but not for anyone in the world. The thing here is that this is mostly part of an American crime-story and was great at 50-60: s in just USA but in the rest of the world it's just past I guess. Well he said on for some time, but 40 years later he will fade away in for instance Europa cause time to go by. We had our own problems and crimes so if someone is making a remake of the movie and putting it back to some light yet it's not a bad idea at all. A new generation can take part in this terrible story and even the movie about Capote has been released just a few years ago witch was a very good movie too I think. It will boost interest in the events that took place some 50 years ago and maybe stop it from falling asleep. It started me up and now I am looking for the Robert Blake-version so it was not that bad ... huh? These are my opinions. Some people will of course agree but hey ... its okay. Sometimes there will be okay and remade on old films. It's not every time the old ones are good. Many film techniques and scenes can be more realistic if they want today. It's always a matter of money of course. There have been many movies made in the "good old days" but also have the missing money, bad directors etc., and they are noticed today (50 years later) and suddenly they are okay to watch. My friend received this old box cinema classic cinematic and s / f and I cant say I was impressed by the so-called good old days. Most of them you coldly put in the trashcan directly. They were so bad that we just sat there like zombies ... could not move ... like brain-dead. I can not recommend them to anyone. Some of them I've seen the remake and I remember the liking ... but not the original. They just hurt terrible. This is like the old history of which was the best bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first you maybe find him one of trusts or love ... Thank you for Me and I'm sorry for my English, it's not so good. / Lars from Sweden
