I found this movie family to be nice and enjoyable even though I'm not a kid. She is based on the concept of a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) discovered that the elevator of building upstairs building has become a time machine when a key on a key chain she received from a blind scientist turned to the closed elevator . He learns how to control the car (with some uncertainty about time of day). The film is not a serious science fiction. You are required to ignore the paradoxes of the usual instability associated with changing the past of travel time, ie, the past changed to prevent the family from 1881 walker from becoming poor, but the change meant that the family never got into trouble financial, so Victoria would not have said Susan about the financial problems his mother had, which meant that Susan would not have to have a reason to change the past in the first place! But other than that, some nice touches in the story, such as the old elevator panel, found in the apartment of the woman who secretly invented and installed the machine in time, no space for the activated range features of machine time. Like in many stories for children, we also need to think that a child will not share typing information about a time traveler with a parent or other adult, but rather hiding the traveler time. <br /> It also requires lack of respect for some stage scenes and unpowered performances by some of the adult actors. (Children's actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni, and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing of the parties.) In one scene of 1300s American native Susan observed with the photos. But they do not inspire surprise of the sudden appearance of this blonde, white skinned girl in peculiar clothes. The answers are simply stopping what they are doing and walking calmly towards Susan. At the same scene an American mother will carry what's supposed to be a baby but so obviously a doll (her skinned white and herself flops around). Children Busfield, the award winning actor who originally came to the old television television "Thirty Something," provided a bit refreshing, sometimes smoothless, performance. In the other extreme Michel Perron army as the Italian Building Superintendent (Janitor), as Richard Jutras in his role as a neighbor. (The neighbor's name is Edward Ormondroyd, which is the name of the author of the movie-based novel.) I suspect that these issues may be the fault either to the director or possible for a low budget. <br /> <Despite these flaws, I recommend the movie for the kids. In addition to the interesting story, it also has some educational value, in that it points out how much both technology and social standards have changed in little more than 100 years.
