Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer living in Sydney, Australia who draws a murder trial to defend five Aboriginal men accused of killing a fellow natives of Peter Weir apocalyptic in 1977 the last wave. When taking the hanging picnic picnic, the movie goes deeper into exploring the unknown, and, in the process, shows the golf between the two cultures living side by side, but lack of understanding in every culture and other traditions. Weir shows how white society views their native beliefs for primitive superstitions and believes that since they live in their cities and were "domestic", the tribal laws and their culture do not apply again. <br /> From the start, Burton is drawn deeper and deeper into a strange web of visions and symbols where the line between real time and "time dream" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the movie in the opening sequence where a sudden thunder and hailstorm interrupted a peaceful school recreation in Burton's discovery that his basin overflows and water is pouring down his steps. As violent and weird weather continues with episodes of black rains and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the easy scientific explanation of the phenomenon and the intuitive intuition of the natives made clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study Aboriginal studies and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When he invited one of Chris Lee's customers (David Gulpilil) to his home for dinner, he was disturbed to find out that he is subject to an investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), an Aboriginal Abigail that involves defendants. As Burton's inquiry continues, his client does hard work by refusing to reveal the true events surrounding the assassination. <br /> After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that Aboriginal has died in a ceremonial tribal because "he has seen too much," though Chris refused to recognize this in the court. Burton, who gets more into a mystery he can not unravel, says his father steward, "Why did not you tell me there was mystery?" This is a legitimate question but, according to the Reverend, the Church responds all mysteries. Burton knows now that he must discover the truth for himself and enter the cave of the underground courts. Even if we do not know for certain what is real and what is a dream, it comes face to face with its deepest fears of a haunting point that will let you meditate on its meaning in the wee hours of the morning. /> In this period of history in which native Hopi and Maya prophecies predict "end of history" and the purification of the world's leading people, the Last Wave, though 25 years old, is still timely. Aborigines are described as a vibrant culture, not one completely subjugated by the white man, but I am troubled by the gnawing feeling that we are looking at, but not quite seen. Weir has opened our eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consent in reality, but it perpetuates the bankruptcy orientation that sees insolence only in terms of fear, which shows nature as a black and uncontrollable power without a hint of The spiritual beauty that lives on both sides.
