John Cassavetes' 1977 Open Open Movie is, what critics usually call the work of such an important artist, 'neglected'. It is an excellent film, in its own right, and one of the best portraits of a midlife crisis ever set in film. It's not a perfect movie, in which, in two hours and twenty four minutes it's about half an hour too long, and there is a bit too much emphasis on bunkness of lead character to Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowlands, the wife Cassavetes, long after we got to the point. But only the chief Woody Allen, Another woman, who also starred Rowlands, eleven years later, is a better portrait of the internal conflicts of an aging woman. But Rowlands won Best Award comedy at Berlin Film Festival for this painting, and was well-deserved. Often this film, written by Cassavetes, is easily compared to its earlier-and inferior-films, A woman under the influence, but it's a comparing paragraph. Rowlands' character in this film is seriously mentally disturbed from the start, as well as coming out of a blue necklace background, while her character in this film and in Allen's film is both artisans who are haunted by appearances. In this film, the ghost of a deceased maiden who can see this as Myrtle's youngest doppelganger, while in Allen's movie he is his own past character. Many critics have taken this film to be a portrait of alcohol, seeing Myrtle surround himself with enablers, as a stage manager who tells him, during night opening, 'I saw a lot of drunks in my time but I 'you never see anyone as drinking as you who can stand up. You are great! 'But this is wrong, for alcohol it's no problem whether it's smoking dog. They are simply depressive from whatever thing is really compelling in its own destruction, and many of Kavavetes' credits, as a storyteller, it never allows us to find exactly what's wrong with Myrtle, and although it comes to the end There is no reason to expect that he really solved anything in consequence. This sort of end without Cassavetes' resolution directly with the more recent European European directors, who was comfortable in not revealing everything at a hearing, and forcing the viewers to cogit, though he hurts me. But the film recaptits perfectly the effect of a drink or fever rose from the fog, and as such the viewer again is subliminally involved in its drama. Whether or not by Myrtle Gordon is restored, after the movie The Iris movie on it is left for each and every viewer to decide, and as we have seen before that cover is closed, one's choice makes matters.
