Watching John Cassavetes film, Night Opening, I recall something that Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview on personal experience of being a creator of art or acting. He referred to an example of, say, if he runs on a dog while on his way to act in a play that he should not be at the end of his life, but that he would affect him, and that, Without a doubt, he should bring this experience with him on stage even though he was a light comedy. "Otherwise," as he said, "what am I doing?" I could not help but think of his words when watching Gena Rowland's character, Myrtle Gordon, who for almost a whole week or so goes to a very similar scenario. There is more in this Cassavetes movie, of course, since it's about how the theater works around an actress star, what emotion and human nature mean when looking at playing a character, and how one life when all one has (like Myrtle Gordon) is the theater. <br /> <br /> Near the beginning of the movie, after exiting a performance, Myrtle is signing autograph and a so-called fan of Nancy coming up to his favorite star and pouring his heart out to Myrtle. It's a little bit touched but it does not last that it has to get in the car (pour rain and all). She then watched in horror as the girl, who stood right next to the car as she drove in, got hit by another car in an auto accident. It's not sure what happened, but then finding out the next day that in fact the girl died from the hit. From that time it is sort of stunned this man even after he thinks it's out of his system. At first this show in little way, as when he repetitions a scene with his fellow actors (played by Cassavetes) and can not seem to stand up being hit - he blames it on the lack of depth of the character (the writer "Do you think the play is missing?" "Hope," says Myrtle) - but then Nancy begins to show up to her, an emergence that Myrtle is all real, until she's suddenly gone. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes, as in the past film, are after a search for what it means to have emotions, really feeling about something and feeling it, or lack thereof, and how it affects other people around the person. This is not exactly new ground for Rowlands, who has already played a woman on the edge of herself in Women Under the Influence (in this case because of alcohol), nor would it be foreign territory for suits Ben Gazzara, whom which just happened to start killing in a Chinese Bookie. But the actors express everything essential to the characters in each scene; Cassavetes do not tell them how to get from A to B in a scene, and it does not need. There is a mood in a Cassavetes movie that sometimes trumps the grungy camera-work. You know Myrtle, for example, would be content somehow, even if it's not the plot. But it's haunting, and it's dissatisfied with her lack of character in depth and the tone of the play ("Aging, who goes to see that?" He asks the dramatic author), and he begins to affect those around him 'too. <br /> The question soon becomes even though not the usual. A conventional dramatist would make the controversy 'Can he go on stage, will the show go on? This is not important for Cassavetes, though it's, as is the question 'Will it be good? Perhaps going on such a great play as "The Second Woman" could help her out of her personal spirits and she lost her grip on reality (see Sarah and attack her before total aliens, who asked the hell going on)? Or will the lack of play in hope to strain anything else wrong with it? The depths Rowlands make and its characters are intense and harrowing, and that it expects not to mean it's any duller than women under the influence- if anything, it's just as good as the movie being honest on someone's this profession, and thus the other performances are just as true, from Gazarra Nancy played by a subtle Laura Johnson. Cassavetes response to their own pose is not easy. <br /> One of the real emotions at night opening, and seeing great actors doing an amazing script, is to see Cassavetes take on the theater this way. We see the play-done and it's apparently a real play - and we only know a little what it's about. When we see the actors on the stage of doing it, we wax and cut between being involved in what melodrama is going on (scuffling relationships with occasional casualties and domestic violence) and the improvisation of actors. I ask her to see how many really are, and how many Cassavetes allow for the other actors to perform at the scenes where Myrtle starts to cross or, at best, is completely broken. It is on the stage, too, so it must have been something to work it out and let it happen. <br /> It's funny, thrilling, refreshing, and corner-of-your-seat things, some of the best-ever movie scenes ever put in a movie, and we see the line between actors on stage, actor on film, actors and actors, blues together beautifully. Opening Night is a potent drama that's full of Frank speaking about death and madness, reality and fiction, where love is between people, and really, finally, what 'act' means?
