John Cassavetes 'Opening Night' is fantastic and fascinating; Fantastic because it plays with the deepest fears we have inside our imagination, fascinating because it never ceases to be surprised. With very long time of two hours and twenty minutes, anyone who appreciates characters will not be able to take their eyes off the screen. The story of an unstable actress, Myrtle Gordon, (Gena Rowlands) tries to put himself together for a play, fighting his demon; "Night Opening" is not just about a woman on the verge of a breakdown, but also about the complexities in the lives of theater actors and the theater world. All Cassavetes' characters here are people who experience the world of theater; So half of the film takes place on a stage, either where the performers perform their work or backstage, where producers and writers and directors perform their work. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes are so harsh with her character that this unlucky turn towards the audience, but the audience of the cinema. Because there is another audience, in the theater of the movie, who does not know what's really happening and laughs because they think everything is performance. And that's essentially what it is; It's just that the audience in the theater does not get to see the 'backstage' way we do. They did not experience Gena Rowlands' excitement before going out to this but most important step; they do not know the reason for acting as it does. <br /> I always think it would be difficult for friends with an actor. Myrtle (Rowland) says she is an actress and is the only thing she knows how to do; and I imagined that if I had a friend of a professional scene, it would be really hard to say when he told the truth because I knew he was an actor and could be false at any time. A lot of things that Myrtle do during the terrible movie experience put it in? We suspect it was real; The rest of the characters also suspect .. The writer, Sarah (Joan Blondell), who can not understand why Myrtle does not understand the character he wrote for her. There is the director, Manny (Ben Gazzara), who can not accept the fact that her best actress can lose her; Producer David (Paul Stewart) who does not know where to stand with Co-star Maurice (Cassavetes himself), who can not cope with the love they have for each other. witnessing death of a teenager, a fanatic; All of this comes along and affects Myrtle, but no one knows if its hallucine is real. They do not say anything because they do not want to upset her, but the movie enters into a state of unknowingly that only Myrtle accepts. At times, we can say that everyone had it. During these moments, Cassavetes' brilliant script painted a brutal fear of honesty in the words the characters say in a backdrop discussion; and not only that everyone says Myrtle but whatever he says. <br /> Here are those who are not afraid to talk to themselves and constantly changing what they think, just like Cassavetes' way of making movies. And in this aspect, the performances are more important here than in "Shadow", because characters are participating in a larger picture; a bigger story that steps out of the trivial. But in another aspect, the current way of making movies, this movie does not differ from "shadow". There's a wonderful way in the Al Ruban way of shooting the characters. When a person speaks, the camera does not focus on it and shoots the audience; So we can see how he or she reacts to the things others say. Sometimes they do not care, sometimes they are happy, sometimes devastating. <br /> <br /> Improvisation can still be there, though, among all the wonderful performances. Near the end, there is an unexpected scene where Cassavetes and Rowlands start talking, which does not stop. If this was or is not something we need to be surprised. We just were just watching; and look at both of them exchanging life experiences and seeing words coming alive really in a conversation that means a lot more than it shows ?? It does not get more natural than that.
