He was once suggested by Pauline Kael, never a fan, which Cassavetes was thought not as a director, but as an actor. What Kael meant that he was supposed to lack of sophistication as a cinema; to take that comparison further, to me, she never feels like Cassavetes is directing herself to a movie, she feels like Cassavetes implanting herself inside her own creations, like Orson Welles. Cassavetes are just as much of a genius as Welles, but far more important as a true artist (as opposed to a technician or rhetorician). This is like a cross between Italian passionate (though Cassavetes was actually Greek) and Scandinavian intruders. Never before have interior dexters been exposed physically. It is about the mystery of becoming, doing, and acting. Like a hacked record of James records, he received the echoes of ghosts all around. The Rowlands Rowlands, which are stupefying and almost operational, surprised to come from Cassavetes, were accompanied by an irritable, disturbing pedestrian. Who is this girl dying? The metaphysical possibilities are endless, and it's amazing to find this kind of stuff in a Cassavetes movie, just the display bra in intelligence (there is also a bit short of voice-over at the start). But then, he still was smart, he just never flapped him around for easy praise. This is not "adaptation"; Here, the blend of reality and fiction and drama is not to show cleverness, but to show the inner turmoil and confusion it creates. <br /> There are lots of things about. Best, love the joy when Rowlands salutes her doctor; the horror when it beat himself up ... The scene where the girl talks about how she devotes her life to art and music is one of the most effective manifestations of understanding what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see some roots in this "A Star Made," and Almodovar borrowed from her for "All About My Mother." I think the ending is a bit of a disappointment because of the laugh suited, but the preparation that leads up to it is almost disgusting. (You can shoot me, but I think the alcohol, despite its urgency in many of the scenes, is a relatively small point on the movie.) <br /> It's a living, breathing stuff, and feels like a process: it could go any direction at any time. Like the "cherry taste," we recall that "you must never forget this is just a play." But it is dangerous: when Rowlands says that line, is it great drama? How will the audience be taken? Was it reflexive or it just does not care? Hang her (characters) are incorporated into their performance, and finally the movie, in such a way that it is like witnessing a girl James Dean. 10/10
