*** from **** <br /> <br /> Yep! Dressing to kill is that kind of a movie. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? That film from 1993 star Brad Pitt as a serial killer that is "welcomed" by a couple of travelers on a California trip as a friend who could be a good company on the road. When I watch a movie, I still do not know anything at all about the plot, before watching it, because the surprises can get even cooler. That's how it was with California. When I looked it last year for the first time, I never realized it was a movie suspense, so when I found out, I was shocked, and when the movie went on and off, he got the same best and I was in the corner of my chair, almost kissing my monitor, so close I was in it! So, we're discussing dressing to kill, right? Before I watched this movie (today!), I only watched two other movies from Brian De Palma, so I can say I do not really know that well her work, but she can say in well These movies 2 so I was as great as they could. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on the TV, I was really desperate to get a copy of DVD and I can say: This movie is great! Mission: Impossible. And today I watched a third movie from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Well, dressing to kill is a movie like California. When the movie goes, it goes completely different than what you would expect. I looked, very curious, the scene of the museum, where Dickinson followed the mysterious man in his cab, and finished together in an apartment room. You can guess what can happen here. But when the film reached the elevator scene, the film went completely on a different path. I watched the rest of the movie, and I really liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man from the museum scene. I've always hoped he could say something but he never did! This was totally ridiculous and it was no doubt something that made me change my mind by not accepting this movie at least almost something like a prince. Even at the taxi scene, where Dickinson tries to excuse because of what happened in the museum, the man completely silent his tram, pulled him inside the taxi, and began kissing each other. You know, he reminds me of the Mexican TV series in the 70's "El Chavo Del 8", where some characters are completely silent. When you go past the bottom of the movie, it is actually a big movie, considering the suspense, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as Marino detective! Remind me of him as Capt. Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990) where she plays almost the same kind of character. <br /> Well, the conclusion of this review, the completion of the kill dresses is the same as it is in Carrie! I do not know if I really like that, because I hate imitation! I understand that Carrie is a movie in DePalma, so it's not actually an imitation, because after all, it's her mind! But she turned into a repetitive idea of ​​dressing to kill, so DePalma could do something different instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from a bad dream similar to Amy Irving in the ending stage of Carrie. This was, of course, of no doubt, another low point. But if you find this past, you'll find that dressing to kill is a really good movie, and I assure you it's not, by any means, a waste of time watching it.
