"Dressing to Kill" is Brian DePalma's best film, an absolute thrill ride of suspension, humor and style that remains rivals today. DePalma has a boom rap in Hollywood, as most claim that he tries to Alfred Hitchcock. It does not. Hitchcock could only dream of what DePalma shows in his thrill. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the version of the original version of "Dressing to Kill" is not available on video. The current copy released by Goodtimes is Jack Valenti's approved R rated off. But some original copies of DePalma still exist. It is one that is distributed by Video Warner Home, in both a green cardboard box and Angie Dickinson on the cover, or in a black clamshell case and the poster on the silver lining. These are the ones that get, if you can get a copy. I have one green and it is among my treasure treasure. <br /> Anyway, go back to the story. Dickinson plays Kate Miller, a frustrated sexual wife who is being treated by Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for his obsession. While on a trip to the museum (a real-tour of DePalma in terms of camera work and suspense), <br /> <br /> Miller is collected by a stranger. You can pretty much guess what's going on, since the ads and art boxes give away the story. But there are a few hassles. A HOOKER (Nancy Allen) is the only witness of the murder. Kate Miller's son (Keith Gordon) is a young genocide to resolve the crime. And the answer to Dr. Elliott's car has a certain message about it ... about a razor missing ... <br /> I do not spoil the movie all for you since what I described above to take place at the opening hours The demiors and major DePalma surprises are reserved for the last hour. This film is explicit, however, enough for Valenti (head of the MPAA) to demand off of the movie. What my surprise is what cut she wanted. Cut several of the opening shower scene with one or two slashing scenes and some of Nancy Allen's dialogue (Valenti wanted to "cock" switch to "Bulge"). This is a very violent and bloody film, but objections are sexual content. I would like to hear Valenti's explanation of how to see two women in a tender love scene in "Lost and Delirious" is somehow more damaging to a young mind than Arnold Schwarzenegger blowing away from people with a chain gun. It just is not fair. What to do "dressing to kill" is so good is that not only their first-rate technical credit, but their performance is very good as well. Michael Caine, who was in a lot of crap in this time period, provided one of her best performances as the doctor. Angie Dickinson is better than usual, possibly because she actually has a big role here. Nancy Allen adds this set of performances that has been set up as one of the most misconfigured and neglected actresses in the world. Keith Gordon is wonderful as the genius and I loved all the inventions of it. DePalma is one of our best directors who has never received the recognition he deserves. The recent joke of AFI 100 The best Thrillers list showed that very few people actually know what a thriller. If they were actually opening their eyes for once, they would see that DePalma had won his career in thrillers and is actually the best craftsman. This is even better than "psycho". It's a very few shame actually known. <br /> <br /> **** from 4 stars
