I just finished watching the killers, written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had both the "R" rated version and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version. I still do not see the "R" rated version, I can not completely sure of the difference. There is however a very graphic graphic stripping girl including a scene of explicit expression of self satisfaction you in this version.I guess you might call this soft core porn.if this scene of stuff can offend you, I would suggest you see the "R" rated versions. But I digress.Any comment from here The refers to the unrated.this version is a mystery / psychological horror / movie movie movie.there is very little violence and blood.there is however one sequence of deaths in the note.the act of killing itself is graphic justice.Even if without it itself does not look real.it is reminiscent of how the 70 slasher film would look. believe this is deliberately offset the violence by acting in itself, giving the stage a feeling of budget feel.most of violence or rather the possibility is implied.the movie is very well ritm.as far as I can say every scene had an object f, which I find very rare when compared to many of today's films. Anyway, I also thought the act was good, especially Angie Dickinson.and Micheal can turn into a slowly understated performance in her role, which works brilliantly in this movie. The film also has one big twist in her , in my head, although some people can find it predictable.the complaint only (and it's really more of an observation) I have is that I thought the character played by Nancy Allen could have been meat more, especially considering having a fair amount of screen time. But think that he does a good job with what he gives. And this does not really take away the quality of the film.the movie also has a moral moral in it, which is even more important today. But movie in not doing hit you on the head with it.i also really liked the music score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi felt it looked very much with the music of the original Psycho.to me, this really great movie in.I thought this film was brilliant. For me, dressing to kill (1980) is 10/10
