There may be little deflators. <br /> <br /> Dress to kill, she just saw it for the first time the other day is a movie and some terrific sequences, some decent performance, and a nice, though obvious Hitchcock ripple, Draw draw in the end. It's just too bad certain thing, quite obvious, preventing it from being a classic. <br /> <br /> Dress up to kill deals with a mystery of a killer killed at least two women (could have more but the movie never tells us), and the search for the killer by three people: a young Brainy goat who was a victim, a lively hooker who has the only one who can identify the assassin, and a psychiatrist whose mother was killed by the mother. There is an army of performing performances including Nancy Allen as Hooker Liz, Angie Dickenson as sexually frustrated Kate Miller, and Micheal Caine as Doctor Rober Elliot who is more hiding than meeting the eye; even if no standard is really really outstanding. On the other hand, Denis Franz, later to be a great character along the same lines on the NYPD Blue show, is embarrassing as an over-exaggerated, passionate, hatey detective, though it takes little time to screen so he does not hurt movie that much. Keith Gordon, brain kid, is decent but almost too clever really be credible. What stick with me most in the movie is the tense sequences. The scene with the sexually frustrated mother of the museum is inviting and well-done, as is the later sequence that leads to his untimely death. I also love the sequence in the doctor's office, which reveals the identity of the killer, which really makes the movie all together simultaneously. And there is a cracked screen scene that I thought was almost classic. Still there is another situation when Liz is on a train, running out of what the killer, which gets in the direction it should never have had and almost nasty radio structures. As a suspense it's tense and often credible. As a crime crime he often falters, especially with incomplete, ridiculous explanation of everything that has happened to the end. There is also a useless, and too long way, dream sequences to the end, in which there was an audacity to shoot someone's feet for what looked like minutes at a time. This was an up and down experience; One scene would catch me in the heart and mind and arguing, and the next would make me embarrass and ask why. In more than 100 minutes this could be under 90 and was a better movie. <br /> <br /> Fear movie fans would like this. He still stands as a movie much better than most of today's slasher flicks. Perhaps it was a better movie in his time, but he just saw it lately I can say I enjoy it, and it's worth to look for my favorite three scenes alone.
