Dress up for killing starts off with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) who has an explicit sexual nightmare, later on that day she visits psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for a session in which she admitted to be sexually frustrated & unfulfilled in her current marriage. Kate then visits a museum and picks up a stranger, returns to her apartment for casual sex, when Kate is set to leave, but is attacked & died in the elevator building by a razor blade There are many blonde women. Mrs. Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovered the rude scene and saw the killer, but managed to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says he suspects Liz as being the assassin as no other witnesses so Liz team up with Kate's son (Keith Gordon) crawls under the real killers, clear Liz's & see justice does. <br /> <br /> Writing & directing by Brian De Palma I thought dressing to kill was a mysterious mysterious mysterious mystery. The script is measured & slowed at times but it likes to focus on the character in which you really know, all twenty minutes at first is just developing Kate as a character before it is suddenly killed, then the movie changes His attention to Liz & no one else gets to look at. The way to dress them is well absorbed and engaging, unfortunately the top character is not exactly likable. I found some of the comics quite funny at times, especially speaking the room that Liz jerked occasionally. The Killer Motivators are somewhat compelling but I guess you would have to be very messed up doing anything suggested in dressing up. It's a good movie but it did not motivate me that much & I did not really find any root character for or love. This film on a useless and unnecessary twist is that I did not really see the point. Director De Palma directed with style & visual flair, from the art museum sequence to a chasing machine & as a whole it's perfectly filmed at all. I would imagine that every shot of the murderers had a great deal of thought put in it. I felt the movie was a little flat & uninspired at times though, nothing about it really excited me that much. There is a bit bit of stripping, some sex and rape along with a few bits of gore & violence, Kate's murder by razor blades in the elevator were emphasized, if that's the right word . However, it does not mean as shocking or controversial when seen today as many would have you believe. With a budget estimated approximately $ 6,500,000 was killed to have the value of glossy high output production in a Hollywood movie. New York places are beautiful, good movies and as a whole it is very well done. I thought that the music was inappropriate and was far too loud and intrusive. The act is OK but despite my own bill did not think Caine had a lot of screen time. Allen was married to the director of De Palma at the time of the sleepless apparition made, interesting from the four films he appeared in made by De Palma in the two of them, this & Blown Out (1981), and threw it 'like a prostitute. A double body is used for Dickinson as it pleases itself in a shower at the start. <br /> <br /> Dress Up To Kill is a good thriller that is well worth watching, but I did not think it's well-lived up to it's reputation. Well, but not brilliant.
