Palma's technique has hit its high maturity by the time of this film, which is a wonderful showcase of his classic technique, though unfortunately, as with many of the films written in De Palma itself, the story serve the meta more than the interests of wearing a emotionally compelling story. <br /> The story opens with a CRAZY scene in which Angie Dickinson masturbates in a shower while she looks at her husband. She is then grabbed and rape while her husband stood obliviously close? - and it's all revealed to be Angie's whims as her husband is pumping mindlessly going to her in the bed. He had a short scene with his son, a dying soundtrack for Harry Potter, who ended up with a joke that "he will tell grandma that he plays with his peter." She then goes to her therapy session, where she complains of her dying wedding, before trying to seduce her therapist, Michael Caine. She refuses, and injures and feels unpleasant and does not satisfy. Then starting a 22-minute bravo previously does not mean the sequence that is perhaps the highlight of the movie. Among the many things De Palma gleaned from Hitchcock is the film understanding as a purely visual way of telling stories ?? and in the typical De Palma fashion, it turns this in a way to show off his dreadful skill. The problem, for me, is that in this one instance begins to feel that the scenes were unnecessarily pretentious simply to showcase the director's skills. <br /> <br /> The sequel begins with Angie in an art museum. She looks at the aliens, all involved in sexual activity or family, then start finding turns on a man sitting beside her. De Palma highly skillfully tells a very complicated narrative without a single word about attractive attractions, embarrassment, retreats, and finally finding and submitting to strangers at the back of a taxi cab, all set in a beautiful lush note by Pino Donaggio , who also scored Carrie. In the second part of the sequence Angie was lying with the guy, and came up to return to her husband. Once again, Palma plays a ton of narrative in words without a word of dialogue, as Angie realizes that she does not have her panties, her husband is already at home and no doubt wonder where she is, that she probably contracted a venereal disease, and that she had lost her commitment somewhere in the shuffle. It's all admirable, but one starts to feel a little cherished as we are forced to do things like taking a ride elevator long down from the seventh floor, then up again, almost in real time. ... Spoilers from here on out! When Angie came to seventh floor again, she died by a big woman and blond hair. The coach woman goes to her until she reaches the ground floor, when the door opens and Nancy Allen sees her there. There is a nice slow-motion sequence as Nancy reaches the elevator, Angie reaches toward her, and the killer blade is designed to cut Nancy's hand. Then follow some electrical shots as Nancy looks up and sees the killer in the convex mirror. It is true, and by the time we have some dialogue again, you think; "Woah, that was just 22 minutes straight to narrowly purely visual!" Or maybe you do not, but I do. <br /> <br /> A younger Dennis Franz has a big party like a New York detective sleazy and hard that would prefer everyone else to do his job. She interviewed Michael Caine, making the outrageous implication (though it happens as common) that Angie wants to kill. Angie's son has as well, and he hooks up with Nancy, and puts on spy on Caine's therapist and find out who the assassin is. <br /> <br /> Once again there is a strong tie in a Hitchcock movie, in this case Psycho (as Obsession is a re-working of Vertigo). You have a woman who we are supposed to understand is a coward, who died in the first 30 minutes in a closed space, in this case an elevator rather than a shower. Then the relatives of the deceased an investigation, which reveals that the killer is a man dressed as a woman to be killed. Two Palma even launched at a doctor at the end that explained the psychology of the whole thing. <br /> It is very interesting, but at the same time a viewer can begin to feel a bit jerked around, and that is my main reservation on this movie. It is definitely essential to watch and show some of Palma's biggest equipment but feel that the story is running a solid third behind the need for the De Palma show and imaginatively a bit unesemly imaginative to make it hard to look back on a This one and all-hearted affection. <br /> --- Check out other reviews on my website in bad movies and cheese, Cinema de Merde, cinemademerde.com
