The dresses have been slaughtered to make a bit of a ruckus when first released in 1980: you had "police girl" in a role of mega-erotic, such as Angie Dicknson playing a frustrated sexual housewife looking for good times In all the museums (and there are elevator apartments), more Nancy Allen as a call-girl, Michael Caine as the sophisticated New York cousin Norman Bates, and enough imagery of the latest cinema of the period. Today it's a little less incriminating by standards and these, though the unrated version contains some of the most "hot" content in any of the films of Palma, at least in its quasi-authored period in the 70s and 80s Early, where he seems to repeat themes and over, ideas take right on Bobble's movie in classic Hitchcock and give a tawdry uprising. It is a simple story that one partly already sees in the Sisters, and then again to the Double Body, and also to Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays call-young Liz Blake, who has her clear name of suspect killing Kate (Dickinson, full of wet 'MILF' mode), after getting a razor, the murder weapon in office Dr Elliott (Michael Caine, rock-cold performance most of the way). From the start, De Palma looks like a way to set up an awesome sexual fantasy scene as a way to topping the opening stage of Carrie (which, perhaps, just in the term of correction), we get a series of hit strokes From the point of view of style itself: the shots follow in the museum, means to stir up more of a passion and the process itself, to follow and want to follow, than any kind of tension; The pursuit of the train (a precursor to Carlito's Way) to perform with an exact level of suspense, meanwhile, with a little bit exploitation thrown in with the black gang; The character of Peter, Kate's son (Keith Gordon), plays that essentially a smaller version of De Palma's real life as a kid (Genuine Jew, obsessed with Hitchcock and Voyeurism). And it's all fun and entrancing as hell as something that comes close to a real synthesis of what to get rid of the unique Palma while being for self-awareness untainted by a fearless attitude in film-making. The other hand, even this same conscience came back to bite the director of the butt once a few in recent years, and somehow in dressing to kill it began to become very irregular and irritating as the story wrapped itself up . As the Psycho themes come together even more apparently (those who want a sex-change, do not even think he's killing as he's * he * is doing it), there's a display scene at the police station that makes the Hitch's aforementioned Movie looks like an amazing psychological revelation. And the final scenes of Peter's house, also called the pain of recollection of a much more accomplished sequel to Carrie, are meant for a manipulation that even for De Palma asking for it; The final shot specifically, albeit a master's class in how to copy yourself. But there is a very disturbed and, in itself, perfect scene of the mental hospital amid this confusing denial, where the doctor does some work on a nurse, in which all the other prisoners act as animals in a zoo, and a On-top shot will be up and up on the stage is one of the best shots of sexual / general perversion ever taken on film. <br /> <br /> A shame then that the movie ends on such a weird and uncertain way, where up until then it is a remarkable piece of pulp movies, where the class all around in The technical aspects (soft lighting, camera movements are quite as simple as possible) amid subjects that should be found in the mixture of paperbacks for 25 cents. He has no heads, but I would certainly take him on most recent stairs director any day.
