This is a suspenseful masterpiece from Brian De Palmawith amazing performance all around! It's very thrilling, and often scary, and the score is fantastic, the more all the characters were scared. Yes it rips in psycho a lot, however it's still a horror / thriller horror, with a fantastic opening and a shocking and unpredictable final !. This is obviously one of the biggest horrors / triller I've ever seen, and the elevator scene is one of the most memorable scenes ever, plus Michael Caine is simply amazing in this! The finish is excellent, and the hospital scene near the end is absolutely terrifying, plus the end twist shocked the hell out of me! He never failed to boost me out, and the snake sequences are absolutely brilliant, plus Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon had fantastic chemistry together! This is a suspenseful masterpiece from Brian De Palma, with amazing performances all around! The direction is incredible! Brian De Palma does an incredible job here, and amazing camera works, incredible angles, fantastic use of colors, the expansive zoom in and great out of POV vaccine shot and keep the movie at a very fast pace! There is a little bit of blood. We get stabbed, stabbed, gun bullet injuries, and 2 blood glucose slit. The action is amazing !. Michael Caine is AMAZING here, it's amazing in the acting department, creepy, very likable, was mysterious, and really just did an amazing job in general I love him! (Caine rule!). Angie Dickinson gives a memorable performance here, and she was pretty nice, and she was good chemist with Caine. Nancy Allen is amazing gorgeous!, And it is fantastic here, it is very likable as the hooker, had excellent chemistry with Keith Gordon, and put on a tremendous show !. Keith Gordon is very good as the kid, she had excellent chemistry with Nancy Allen, and she was very likable! Dennis Franz is the good detective. Overall this is definitely one of the best horror films ever made, and I say that's what you do immediately and go see it !. ***** from 5
