In France, he considered the politeness of French critics genuflect in the apparent cohesion of Brian De Palma movie leaving behind him. However, a good proportion of his films are wounded by early "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983) without mentioning him from Hitchcock. Here, in the "dressing to kill", it's impossible not to think of "dizziness" (1958) for the long sequence of museums while the key moment of the lifting to do inevitably thinks in the anthology shower show of "psycho "(1960). On our participating film, I do not revive the old debate: Do De Palma Rip off Hitchcock? Instead, I would tend to generate and classify "dresses to kill" in the category of winner De Palma and "Sisters" (1973) and "Obsession" (1976). With however some reservations and they are the ones I have already been looking at to fuel the brink between De Palma's enchanting fans and his opponents. <br /> If there's one sure thing in "dressing to kill" that can generate general agreement among lovers-lovers, it's the Palma's virtuosity of leadership. He wields his camera just like an expert film maker is supposed to do. His sophisticated cameras work brilliantly with the suspension that includes an increase in tension and a discomforting aura. The audience is easily stuck in front of the screen. This is helped by using in many sequences long silence during which everything depends on looks and gestures. By the way, the "psycho", has long been silent, suspense party ... But the main disadvantage of the former 1980 De Palma is that the quality of the plot can not get unwanted and appears to be a rehash of many formulas, coral ingredients relating to an incalculable number of murder stories. The prostitute is witnessing the single crime. Then he was suspected by the police and had to act on his own (with a little help from the victim's child from the scene of the winter trains)) they tracked down the murderer and proved innocent. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses a kind of character that for once is not demeaned at all, it's a menu that smells the heated. And the cinema ends his movie on a sequence that echoes in the opening one. Yes, it's superbly filmed, but when someone discovers its real function, one face: "It's almost filling filler". Maybe De Palma wanted to stretch his film beyond an hour and a half hours at that time the viewer knows (and even before) who is the killer. <br /> <br /> The two main centers of Palma's series of articulated hinges on manipulation and voyeurism. The latter term is well-known in the "dressing slaughter" from the first stage winters that make the film almost like a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid of her main actress films and wife Nancy Allen in her panties. I find her approach to this theme rather doubtful. But perhaps the first sequence became pregnant for a mirror of the viewer and De Palma wanted to stir his peeping tom's side. <br /> I do not want to venture across De Palma at work. Her prestigious work is directed to a highly-prodigious film advertising process that redeems global weaknesses in the history and its doubtful aspects. Twenty years later, the controversy he excited amid film-spectator is not ready to reduce.
