Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has problems in her marriage and otherwise - enough to see a psychologist. When his promiscuity gets into trouble, he also involves a bystander, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who gets wrapped up in an investigation to discover the identity of a psycho killer. <br /> <br /> Dress up to kill is a bit historically important. It is one of the earliest examples of a contemporary style in thrilling how this writing has extensions all the way to hide and seek (2005). It is odd then that director Brian De Palma has basically tried bitch Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally lifts party to Vertigo (1958) for dressing in the infamous scene of the museum killed. Dressed in the sleeper shower scene, as well as his cruel and method of death there are similarities in Psycho (1960). De Palma also hired an important recital and recurring motif in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer Bernard Herrmann. The similarities do not end there. But De Palma, if injury or skill, managed to make a oblique turn out of, or perhaps transcending, influencing, and dressing to kill has an influential attitude, structure and flow. Perhaps partially because of this influence, dressing for killing is also deeply flawed when viewed at this point in time. Countless subsequent directors have taken Hitchcock like De Palma and have studied it, improving almost every element, so that they look now, after 25 years' worth of influencing scandals, many of the murderous dresses seem rhythmically rhythm, structured clunky and plot-wise. One aspect of the film that unfortunately has not improved is sex sex dressing and stripping scene. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us all in front of the front (Allen's being from a very skewed edge), and De Palma has persistent vaccine in Dickinson's breasts, strongly implicit, and sex galleries much more than they are usually was found in contemporary films. Well a few scenes approach to soft-core pornography. I have no fan of prudishness - quite the opposite. Our culture, monogamism, sheltering attitude towards sex and nudity is disturbing for me. So from my perspective, it's complaining that dressing emphasis on the Kill and its fun is one of the few aspects in which others have not strongly followed suit or trumped the movie. Maybe she wanted, but they were not allowed to follow suit because of cultural controls out of conservative shirt stuffed. Palma's direction of cinematography and gathering in some scenes is also good enough that it is difficult to do something in the style even better than De Palma doing it. It has an odd, pre-ups feature approach, and it's fan of shots from interesting angles, such as self-insights and James Whale how to keep track of cuts away from them. Naturally later the directors were flashier, but it's hard to say they were better. Looking for film-making skills, at least, the museum scene is remarkable in its ability to build very subtle tension on a fall glove with a glance or two while after Kate through the complicated nerves of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. > <br /> On the other hand, from a caring point of view to the story, and especially if one is waiting to watch a thriller, everything at the scene scene and a little beyond might seem too slow and funny. Because of its withdrawal of the main genre of the film and its main concerns and directorial panache (as well as the external cultural film), the opening seems like an attempt not very well integrated titilate and be risky. Once the first time they killed the first person, things improved, but because they eventually influenced the movie, much of the improvement now seems a little tricky and occasionally hokey. Their performance is especially good, although Michael Caine is underused, and Dickinson has earlier exits that we would like (but the exit is unnecessary and very effective). Dressing to kill is at least likely to keep your interest until the end, but because of the fact not contained in the picture itself, there is not exactly well-aged. At this point it is perhaps best to watch the movie primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even for that era - at some of Palma 's direct flair.
