"Groove Tube" appeared first on video, the first "video theater" here in Boston. In one room, there were TV monitors on tall booths, and old theater chairs, in small groups facing monitors. There was old refrigerator stored with Pepsi, and basket of York Peppermint Patties. In a second, smaller room, there was no seat, just big pillow. That was 'smoking' the room, so people got high in there. This act only adds to the hilarity of the video. <br /> I was a frequent viewer; The scenes I loved most and remembered that day are: Koko Clown, Kramp's Easy-Lube Shortening, Sam / VD PSA, Chechychas chase hitchhiker / nude running in the woods, the finger ballet about what was eventually revealed to be the naked body of a woman. The last item was very reminiscent of the end, incredible Ernie Kovacs. Now I've lost a lot of readers under 48 ("who is Ernie Kovács ??") but trust me, it's funny thing. <br /> One reason I was a frequent viewer was that I, and my friends, would bring other "kid" girls to see her. We would sit and slyly look at the faces of the 'girls' as the "Sam Safety" PSA would play. As the camera slowly zooms on "Sam", we would wait for that "Oh!" in recognition of the 'girl' face. Each time was more hilarious than the last. Then 'maiden' would then bring a friend to see the show, repeat what we did. To find this joke, you must watch the video. Yes, some of it is dating, but most play, movie, TV, and now the videos. Just look at any video made in the 1980s. <br /> I saw the "Groove Tube" in a theater as a movie, a venous transfer to the original video. It was cut, and it was missing some of the original high-point scenes. The first "Saturday night live" shows, featuring Chevy Chase, the instant remake elite, "this guy from" Groove Tube ", so she was a precursor for Chevy. <br /> I can not look at a can be snapped without voice-over, "dress your hands with a generous amount of Kramp Easy-Lube snapping ..." and think of the recipe "Kramp Holiday Loaf." Still getting me laughing in the need Baking at the shop. <br /> <br /> The early 70's were parlor times; the "Groove Tube" was fresh, new, and really 'got' the humor of the times. It offers a 'hip generation ', humor that was not available in any other format / medium
