Just finished watching the Groove Tube that I saw first about 23 years ago when I was a teenager staying up my sleep as I watched HBO and my brother and her best friend. We also looked at Animal House just before so we saw two movies that featured a SNL alumna and had some nude breasts. Good thing our parents have been sleeping the whole time! Anyway, there were so many amazing and funny things in this eye-open movie like the Brown 25 sequence in the Uranus commercial industry ("The taste of beef broth" says the announcer as apparently human excreta in a white tube. Ewww!) or face of the puppet talking about VD (a skrinom with a small penis and eyes glued on). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer have made their film debuts here. Chase is hilarious whether to make a place of grooming with a stripping woman, having her hands sex in a "left finger" commercial, or singing "Four Leaf Clover" and co-writer / director Ken Shapiro drum hand him on his head. Belzer team and Shapiro in the movie "Dealers", and on Channel One News News and a bit wild with Belzer as a black whore trying to tricks on Ken reporter who plays Lionel here. "Lionel, that sounds like a train that I'm going to ride like a choo-choo!" Other outrageous bits include the "Koko Show" and Shipiro as a kid show clown who, after ordering "ten people" to leave the room, he demanded from his viewers such as the passage of "Fanny Hill "! Or how about the segment of Olympics and a German couple make their love announced by two people (one of them Spanish) as they find explicit while "Please stand by" keep interrupting on the screen! Or animated segment on the "dealers" painted toilet dancing after Shapiro swallows some marijuana! Not all so dirty. In addition to the "Leaf Clover" skit, in the end there is a very entertaining music segment with Ken Lip-syncing his own recording of "Just You, Just Me" while dancing with suit and purse around the city and occasionally a cop (co-writer Sarasohn Lane) gets in. So in this summon is one funny movie, comic movie that seems to influence other films such as (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and perhaps Saturday Night Live (which was made Chevy is the first show star), and, despite some elementary elements, can still entertain today. P.S. While I like hearing Curtis Mayfield "Move on up" during the dance dancing / hitchhiking start sequence, I was surprised what the point was with the sequence of the hitchhiker and the woman who took her up and ran out of The car, stripping on the run, and then there is the naked man getting caught by the cop who was suspended on the road. Guess it's one of the 70s streaking things.
