You know what they say about the 70's. If you can remember they were not there. One of the few things I remember about the 70 was the very first and satirical satire social satire as seen from a totally 'underground'-counter-culture perspective .. The Groove Tube. If the humor looks like faded or scarcely now at some viewers it can only be because a lot has happened in the last 30 years and the comedy is not 'cool' yet .., but hey! When this movie came out, it was a first .. and some of these skit were made for the very first time ... at a time when Nixon was in office, the Vietnam War was raging, the sexual revolution was in swing full. .Jejgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. This is a movie made before Watergate broke and as such it was one of the first to take a huge slip into the facility..to make fun of it and hippies at the same time. And honestly, some skit are still dead comics. If you like Cheech and Chong in "Raise up" .. you will love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to know that in this 70's really like .. Secure from Tube Groove .. if you liked the Oscar win "Network" from the same year and thought it was right on the brand of watching its wild TV, you will dig the Groove Tube .. which picks up on the theme, but plays at the angle viewers. .Jesus trainers who turned on the TV in favor of other entertainment .... We were raised on Ozzie & Harriet "Leave it to beaver," Dad knows best, My three sons .. Sweet day. So imagine our glee when those of us who have experimented with new life styles have got to see a throwing up of the box as they see in our perspective! Advertising by the Uranus Society alone is priceless .. "Good thing from Uranus" .... and the sudden break from the movie right in Fritz Cat's style animation when the hippies eat the weed is still one in the best segments of and out of sanity I have ever seen on film. <br /> <br /> If you loved the movie Kentucky Fried, you will love this movie. But if you ever wonder why uncle's uncle Harold always gets a cruel glamor in his eyes when thinking back on his college day .. these would be the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Take it for what it is .. a mimeo at the times ... and a little sassy movie that will help you all forget the 70 to remember them again.
