"Once upon a time there was a spacious country called France ... People lived smoothly then the women were easy with the jacuzzi guys in their favorite pastime: war, the only recreation of King of the people they could enjoy. " The war on the issue was seven years of war, and when it was noted that there were more bodies of soldiers than soldiers, recruiters were sent out to replenish their ranks. <br /> So it was that Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), holding a farmer's tumbling daughter into a herd, saving marriage is not registered in the Aquitan Regiment ... but only by first believing her future as Warning by a gypsy, he will have fame and fortune in his Mayor's uniform and will marry the daughter of the king. Alas, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy, but the recruiting agent's registrant's daughter. <br /> <br /> When fanfares load away from their recruiting, saber in hand to rescue a chariot from assault, who would be inside the Marquise du Pompadour and ... the king's daughter. She is now convinced she will marry high, despite the very low-cut Adeline Blouse. He, in turn, will soon discover his own love for Fanfan. We are in the midst of an irreverent film of the Fanfan's Destiny, the ribald adventures of a sword and rogue fighting. There are evenings from hangings, swordfights on roof tiles, blundering battles, romantic nightmates and more hugely rampant than you can imagine. What fanfan lacking in polish does make up for irreverence and enthusiasm. It's a quick swift sword and a fast-lover lover, but with such naive beliefs in his destiny, and as an optimistic nature, how can we not love him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philipe was an iconic scene and screen actor (Francois Truffaut still disparaged from the pages of Cahiers du Cinema). He did most of his self-esteem. It was beautiful, athletic, graceful and charisma. Men admire her and women dream about it. He died at 36, seven years after Fanfan, at liver cancer. All France grieve. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline keeps her own. It's not those low-cut blouses that make it act. It's sharp, passionate, not quite innocent and no crazy. The Tulip Fanfan just sing along with endless satirical action, pointing situations and good natures. Not to mention fun, acerbic dialect. After Adeline took steps to save Fanfan from hanging, he met the king in his private quarter. "Give me your hands handsome," he said. "But my heart belongs to the fanfare," says Adeline. "Who Requires Your Heart?" said the king, "All I ask is a little fun." "I'm a good girl," says Adeline. Say to the king, "You must be my esteemed in your merits. You love Fanfan? Then thank my fantasy allows you to show the greatest proof of your love, do not betray the loyalty of your loyalty. '. " Now this is clever, funny thing. Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut, and the Witch's new gang had a tendency to detect popular movies such as entertainment only (and personalized attacks). The Tulip fanfan and its director, Christian-Jacques, were among the prime objectives. They probably miss the point at Fanfan, which is a very funny satire on the empowerment of army and war. How best it should have seemed to make movies in the fear that only fellow cinema could appreciate. Thanks to some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, outgrew this childhood condensation and have become known that a good movie is a good movie, whether the masses like it or just the cognoscenti. A smart person who enjoys movies can appreciate any, if the movies are well done. People convicted of a film based on their degree of popularity as self-esteem as those who do their job never read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, feed your heart out. Viva Fanfan!
