This is the last of four swashbucklers from France I was scheduled to watch during this Christmas season: the others (in order to watch) were unenspired to the black tulip (1964; from the same director as one this, but not nearly as good), the Amazing Effective Lady Oscar (1979; was out as a Japanese manga!) and the beautiful CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually, I was watching this one not too long ago on late-night Italian TV and remember by being specifically launched on by it, so that I was really surprised by how much I enjoyed it this time around (also bearing in mind the lack of breakdown of enthusiasm to show towards the movie here and elsewhere when it was first announced as an upcoming DVD release from criteria). <br /> <br /> Incidentally, the TULIP TEAM has quite a bit in common with CARTOUCHE in the above mentioned: Do not just throw off crew members (producer Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, Christian Matras cinematographer, actor Noel Roquevert) but draw-wise as well ?? In fact, the hero is a soldier of women (Cartouche Jean-Paul Belmondo's also had a spell of thousands) who liked not a fire girl (in this case, Gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) while she herself obsessed by an impossible love (here, it's No other than the king's daughter)! As in the film later, too, Fanfan (an ideally disposed Gerard Philipe who, ironically, is so full of life here that one finds it difficult to believe he should enter cancer 7 years' time) is flanked by two fun-love yet loose hands (one of them is actually his superior officer and his own heroine's father) and opposed by a dishonest figure in his own rank (aging Roquevert, with whom the hero eventually engages in a duel three since she also had romantic designs on the gypsy girl)! For the record, Lollobrigida will return to Philippe in his next film, Fabulous Fabulous Rene Clair's romantic LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FAN proven a huge box-office hit on its home ground and even counted a prime best-known award-winning (but well-deserved) award in Cannes on more renowned films such as an American in Paris (1951 ), Detective History (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity ensures its re-disclosure in a colored computer version (presumably for the benefit of viewers who have not touched a black-and-white product with a ten-foot pole) and the DVD Criterion itself a sample from this variant; Being obviously a foreign language title, there's also dubious choices in an English-embroidered band but even though these are not exactly proven to be sociable to consider, when all said and done, there's simply no substitute for the original la! <br /> <br /> THE TUNIPPER'S FIRST (a nickname given to the hero by a gene Genevieve page as celebrating Madame De Pompadour) has about as much comedy (the expected action) and romance; While some may find this overwhelming, I do not agree myself as I enjoyed the satirical sharp narration, and, on the whole, this combination is comparable to Jerzy Skolimowski's equally funniest adventures of GERARD (1970). That said, the swordfights here are considerably strong for an essentially lighthearted enterprise (particularly a defense in the woods and the ambush in a convent) and the film itself rather than adult at times (with many sexual alms as well as coarse language adopted at all) when they saw back-to-back and former Hollywood tickets as I did now; The bigger point, then is quite genius: the enemy forces (which, amusingly, are being talked at speed-up gibberish!) Are depleted by our heroic threesome alone, much of the wonder of the king , as described by Marcel Herrand ?? better-known for his role in the Parisien milieu leader in PARADISE'S CHILD in Marcel Carne (1945)? is itself something of a lecher. An Italian TV channel threatened to promote CHAMPAGNE the promise of Christian-Jaque to Wild (1964) for the current month, but despite its three-time program (with a specific version slated for next week), it has not yet been shown; So, I have three more films in his unwatched VHS deck (also abolished from late-night Italian TVs): three-hour episodes of the CHARTREUS OF PARME (1948; also starring Gerard Philippe), the TWIN TWIN (1967) and LEGEND in FRENCHIE KING (1971; and Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
