Why a stupid, boring, crazy serial movie series like "Star Wars" gets all the hype, and a really amazing movie like this one goes completely un-remake .. is beyond me ... This movie will really open Your eyes are black, disturbing, sad, and scary our world lives in ... Unlike the "boring elephant", this film is not one of those "just a typical day until Someone pulls the trigger "movies .. This movie focuses more on what's happening AFTER the event .. <br /> Deana, played by Erika Christensen is very hot and very talented, is a happy and straightforward straight-A student who has great friends and a great life ... until ... he wounded on the day of the shooting, not fired at the head .. Luckily he died, but is seriously injured and must be in the hospital for a little time, causing it to be in a lot of emotional pain, in addition to the physical ... <br /> Meanwhile, Alicia, playing not too very gorgeous and talented Phillips are busy, is a nasty, cold -other, rebellious, anti-social minority Fi goth who does not have one very positive on it ... and it's hurting when the shooting happens .. because it turns out, he was friends with the shooter and knew he was going to do what he did. which causes it to be brought to the police station and should ask some questions .. When he refuses to tell the cops if he knew the shot was going to happen, they always came to his house to try to convince him to say something ... and still not, so the principal made him go to a funeral at one of the dead students, and after he walked out on that ... the principal decides sufficient enough, and forced him to visit Deana at the hospital .. Of course he refuses this too, but the principal says that if Alicia does not, the cops are going to continue trying to find something to say .. and so it actually goes to look at it. <br /> <br /> Let alone, traumatize, and Deana physically and emotionally hurt Deana is more than happy to visit someone, but of course, Alicia is anything but happy to be watching it. . Two Ana tried to give him a friendly welcome, but of course, Alicia responded with nothing but harsh and fiery comments with a harsh statement about how it is only here because he is being forced, and he has no intention for being friendly with it at all. But sooner or later, this intention will change ... (and that's all I'll say :) This is really one of the most moving movies ever, as well as one of the most obscure and disturbing .. Actually, I think I would tie this with "American History X" as equally disturbing and moving at the same time ... It has plenty of graphic scenes and images! Excellent and criminal under-appreciated film! I feel ashamed that I'm pretty much the only one who knows about it!
