This is a story of the Winchester Rifle Model 1873 "The Gun That Won West". For hacking, bandits, peacekeepers or soldiers, Winchester 73 was a treasure possession. An Indian would sell his soul to his own one ... <br /> Winchester 73 is the first collaboration between director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart, a duo who would go on to create a western western run that added a new , the psychological depth genre. The story sees Stewart as Lin McAdam chasing the man who killed his father. Ride in Dodge City with his trusted friend, Johnny Williams {Millard Mitchell}, Lin runs in Dutch Henry Brown {Stephen McNally}, the man he wants. But with Wyatt Earp {Will Geer} take all the weapons from the people who enter the city, both men can have the shot-out that they're ready for. The men rather square in a competition to win a Winchester 73 rifle, a competition that Lin finally wins. But before he can leave the city with the magnificent prize, Dutch ambush him, steal the rifle and skip fast town. As Lin sets in hate pursuit of both individuals and rifles, the rifle will change but a number of times, and each time adds another dimension as the day of settlement for all approaches. Referring to what has become known as the so-called "psychological Western", Winchester 73 is basically a story of a decent man driving fronts madly by an event in his past. Tho shot in black and white {one of the only duo Westerns that}} landscapes are still celebrated for the eyes. The tone is set and the opening scenes as Lin and Johnny on horseback, and in silhouettes, marbles on a mountain as they make their way to Dodge City. It's just the starting point that would see Mann use his visit as a way to run concurrent with his emotional state. Stewart gives one of her finest and most intense performances as McAdam, proving once for all that she was one of America's finest and most versatile actors. Throw the support is not too bad either. Shelley Winters is excellent as the single female amongst the machismo, while Mitchell, McNally, Geer and still great Dan Duryea are adding more classes to the procedures. There's even bit party for Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson in here, the latest one playing a brave American is a stretch too far. Originally the film was a project for Fritz Lang, who even had the script ready to run. But Lang was walking away from her, something that proved to be a blessing for Western fans. For great as a Director of Language, and Mann directed {with a new script from Borden Chase & Robert Richards in Hand} and put the wheels in motion to change the course of the genre. Not only with the more efforts that Mann & Stewart produce, but also in which people are influenced. Love at Budd Boetticher, Nicholas Ray and Sam Fuller all took notes, and gleefully for Western purists, followed costumes and brought the psychological torch consistently further. <br /> A great hit in box office back on the release, Winchester 73 is a beautiful movie that still packs a punch in the modern age. 9.5 / 10
