"Winchester '73" marks the first in a series of west-related James Stewart and director Anthony Mann. As in most of them Stewart's hero has a violent corner that threatens to explode at any time. The title refers to a "one in a thousand" rifle that is up for competition in a rifle shot held at Dodge City on July 4, 1876. In the city comes Lin McAdam (Stewart) and his Sidekick high spade ( Millard Mitchell) on the trail of Dutch Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) for a past dastardly title. They came just in time to see Marshal Wyatt Earp (Will Geer) running Lola (Shelley Winters) saloon girl from the city. It seems that Dutch Henry is also in town for shooting at rifles. Lin and Dutch Henry shot him out for the coveted prize with Lin Win, but Dutch Henry threw Lin in the gun and night. <br /> <br /> Lin and Highland Spade Dutch Henry across countries where they meet Lola and beau be Steve Miller (Charles Drake) holding up in a US Cavalry camp waiting assaults by the Indians led by Young Bull Rock Hudson) has acquired the precious rifle by killing Wily Gun Runner John McIntyre. He had the gun by copying Dutch poker Henry. Young Bull killed during the attack with the gun passed Steve. Meanwhile, back in the ranch, Lola and Steve meet up with the notorious gun Waco Johnny Dean (Dann Duryea) who killed Steve and taking the rifle and Lola's worth for himself. When Dean meets up with Dutch Henry, he allows him to take his "weapon" planning to kill him later. In the city of Tuscosa, Lin kills Dean as Henry's Henry's plan to keep up the bank goes bad and escapes to the hills and Lin in pursuit. In one of the best final shoots ever, the two are facing the final showdown. <br /> I believe that this film was the only one of the Stewart / Mann collaborations that was shot at B & W. It is very well photographed, especially the scenes of "wide open spaces" and in particular, final confrontations la. Stewart plays against the type, play the hero with a violent revenge of anger, an emotion that he would bring to the future film with the man. <br /> As is at universal universal universe, this one has a lot of seasoned veterans and contract players in the day. In addition to the above, JC Flippen appears as Sergeant Rider, Steve Brodie, James Millican, John Doucette and Chuck Roberson as various henchmen, Ray Teal as the sheriff pursues Duryea, Tony Curtis and James Best as Soldier rookie and Edmund Cobb, Chief of Yowlachie and John War Eagle in various roles in the Dodge City sequence. <br /> A classic Western in every sense of the word. He was responsible for re-generating Stewart career as an action star.
