The narrative affirms the classic image of good against evil in the form of a fight against costs against fees. The main character, Lin Macadam, played by James Stewart, represents justice and justice. His brother, who operated under the character of Dutchman Henry Brown, played by Stephen McNally, stands for the classic-trainer western violence scene, pursued by his brother for killing his father. The history of the world is the classic dystopian of the west where the only way to prevent its people from killing one another is to take away the sidearms as soon as they enter the city, and the man who is responsible for maintaining this law and Order is the western classic Wyat Earp law. <br /> <br /> Present as well as typical flat character in the west, as the Indian murder warrior, kavalryman of the siege, and the coat of arms girl in distress. <br /> <br /> Another important archetype of this movie, which gives the movie its name, is a custom made by Winchester Rifle. This weapon can be regarded as a allegory of reward to those who perform honorable things. Once it is stolen from its legitimate owner, it carries tragedy to all who come in contact with it. In this regard it looks like other icons like Holy Grail of Raiders in the Lost Box, and without the letter attached to Saving Ryan Private. This gives the film an element of surrealism that is usually absent from the west, a genre is not known for esoteric terms and symbols. <br /> <br /> When you essentially a movie, it shares this element with many other examples of the genre, such as Jack Arnold's name on the bullet, and the Unintuitive Clint Eastwood. <br /> There is also a term committed to rape in Winchester '73. Waco Johnny Dean, one of the film bandits played very effectively by Dan Duryea, kidnapped a woman after her husband killed. The game Cowboy volatile with the tenderfoot husband, and his display as a caricature of a game cat and a bug before biting his head off. Waco Johnny Dean eventually gets what comes to him after coming into contact with the Fatal Winchester rifle. <br /> <br /> The main story of Winchester '73 is reminiscent of the mythological story of Jason and his quest for the small piece of gold, as was said by Apollonius' Argonautica. Both deals deal with the acquisition of a sacred object that possesses some sort of quality furniture. Like Jason, Stewart's stewart character comes from a future adventure in search of a one-to-one-kind price. Another term of Winchester '73 that looks like a mythical story is the struggle between the brothers. Several stories of antiquity deal with this problem, such as the Biblical Hebrew Bible in Cain and Abel, and the vulgate story of Romulus and Remus. As for the theme of abduction and rape introduced in the movie Anthony Mann, he is present in many mythological work, such as the rape in Europe as told by Ovid in its metamorphosis. Winchester '73 is a fine example of the Western genre, and acts as the corollary goal for many classic Indian and former mythological themes.
