One of the greatest west of all time! But this one, unlike many others, does not cope with the nature, horses, shootouts, etc., but rather deals with one rifle, the Winchester '73, and how this one rifle effect of others and how to effect it. A rifle is not a living, breathing, people, right? You may be inclined to believe it is not. But it seems to have an idea of ​​its own, for two reasons very similar: it comes back to its legitimate owner at the end, though this throughout the rest of the picture, flooded its "master" do their best to ensure that it is not, and it never seems to be content until it gets to its original owner, so, haphazard, the "crazy" owners still seem to lose it somehow or get dead try to protect and hold it, until it comes to James Stewart, then it is "content". But not all one of the owners deserves to have it. Stewart does, of course, since he was. McNally does not, since he has a dirty thief and stolen. Drake definitely does not, because it would probably lose it in some poker games, and besides, Drake's too loose fight, so why should one single-to-one rifle be if he will not even use it ? Duryea does not, because it's just a chuckling maniac, and we all know that handles that chuckling do not deserve weapons. This movie has a sort of noir that only west can have, such as ok-bog incident. West has their own kind of Noir, much different than the films of Bogart 30 and 40. It is, hands-down, the best one out of all five Western Stewart-Mann, though my personal favorite is "Bend in the river ". The other card became more different than this. I do not think it's a coincidence to see that the other cards were color, and this is black and white. This is because of the edge of the noir. All five films were shot and the dark past on Stewart's plays in the movie, to this point is not just the stewart's dark side, but also actually a sort of character, not one to be that's list of credits, but one you can only recognize and know that it is there, always present. However, this one, not only about revenge and the past dark, but also in terms of supreme danger, and characters that were very different than Stewart make it surpass the other four in every aspect. But Stewart never crossed the line. He does, however, walk the line between light and darkness. That's why black and white played as an integral part of the movie. They could all be black and white, or they could all be color. But this one is in black and white, with the other cards in color, and there is a very good reason for that.
