The bigger-than-life figure of Wyatt Earp and Beat Masterson, with the viewers of George Armstrong Custer and Chita Bull, looms over the director of Anthony Mann's hugely first-time entertainment with James Stewart. Although Stewart's quest for her father's murder is the main story, Winchester '73 is really a piece of ensembles, with the eponymous one-in-one-thousand firearms passing through the hands of many colorful masters includes a wry trader (John McIntire, especially great) and bandits Dan Duryea, who are even more fool than normal. The film's fiction and story produces a breezy speed with a brilliantly colored tone of stage and part-down man, the film-rigid film composition. Its subjects of psychological agitation and past dictation are actually tired to undergo this story the height of good and bad people chase after a weapled weapon, but they are neatly displayed in a vial on a husband's and failing attempts at atonement, and they defined by Stewart's conversation and sidekick Millard Mitchell. Mother environmental use is what puts her apart from other filmmakers in the west. Instead of looking from perspective from afar, it involves the drama as characters who redirect, complicate, or suspect the human character's goals. As mountains, caves, and rapids have to be counted in the naked spur, here a gunfight reaches among the loose stones and boulders of a mountain, a physical lockout that fatalistically determines the roles of victories and victims between equally skilled scarabs. (I would not hesitate to recognize contributions from William H. Daniels in movies, particularly to his day-to-night, open-range photography.) Not just an outdated adept, Mann presents an equally vivid picture of Wyatt Earp-sponsored Dodge City, primarily in scaled, multiple-notice platforms. The competition was shot by dependent on camera shifts or twitchy cuts for effects because instinct man knows where to put the camera and how to move it to show the greatest density of information in a given shot. Nor does he care to spell out the plot of dialogue, resting on the actors' eyes or a well-chosen image to transmit the nails. A particular scene serves to explain his attitude: Mitchell says Stewart's motto of Shelley Winters, which is off by the climactic gunfight that soon enough reveals all. Light without feeling unobservable, intense without too much, Winchester '73 looks more modern than its contemporaries and is a joy to see.
