This is quite a weird and unique little west, which is made mostly original due to its history that revolves around a unique and superior fixed Winchester 1873 and all who find it posed to one point or another in the movie. > <br /> It's mostly a very entertaining movie to look but not without being a real western as well. The film was made in a typical '40's /' style 50 in western film-making genres, so the lovers of the genre would not be turned off by its somewhat unusual site. <br /> Because the rifle is actually being the main plot device in the movie, it allows the story to follow multiple characters across the movie, which all connect in course with the story to make full circle to the end. Without which this film was a nice one to look, since the story often jumps out of one dangerous occasion to the other, and constantly different characters involved. Quite astonishing as they managed to put Wyatt Earp in this all. But it does not really matter. I liked that the movie and its history were original and how the movie seemed to move from one event to the other. She gave the movie a bit of a sense of adventure and entertainment. It is also a really great movie looking. I liked the movie settings used and it looks quite amazing that this was actually the first Western man's director director. Luckily he would go to more west west later on, which also often would star James Stewart in the main lead. <br /> It was a very daring casting pick to choose James Stewart as the main lead. He is one of the most active and active acting and acting actors, so casting him as a hard gunslinger seems like a bit of an odd pick. But Stewart is amazingly convinced as a tough guy and how versatile and really can be as an actor he actually was. <br /> It also has some other astounding actors in the movie, which is not often found connected with this genre. Shelley Winters plays lead female and later well-known actor Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis appearing in some small roles. A real western and also lots of action and entertainment in it. /> 8/10
