A new creative team emerged in 1950 when brilliant actor James Stewart was associated with brilliant director Anthony Mann for making a series of westerns that helped define this genre for the future. Until that time, Stewart has been especially noted for an aw ... approach to comedy family orientation, drama, and romance. Not that it was not already a multi-talented Hollywood star. One of his best screen performances ever and one of the best for anyone on celluloid was as Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandal rag through the "Philadelphia History." It was even west before. His portraiture of shy weapons again expert shot Jeff Jefferson Destry Jr in the western comedy "Destruction climbs again" helped make that movie a classic. But at most film films it was the all-American kind of boycout Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Rarely had a black side of any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with B flicks in the Noir movie mode. "Raw Deal," "Side Street," and "T-Men" hold the eye of James Stewart. So, the gifted donors combine resources in producing some of Western Hollywood's have to do. "Winchester '73" and "People from Laramie" were the best but others were almost ineffective. Man became a successful director of a movie as a result of direct directives that some critics believe to be the greatest western of them all "The Man of the West Gary Cooper." Stewart became fabulously wealthy as a result of the partnership because he signed up for a part of the utilities to return for a fraction of the salary he usually paid, a wise move followed by many other actors out in then on. /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first, to tell a story from a traveling weapon. Each owner is part of the story being told and it all comes together in the exciting showdown at the end of the movie, which also holds a surprise for the viewer. Based on a story by Stuart Lake, the center of revenge centers and the owner of Winchester '73. The year is 1876. Custer and his 7th rider were canceled by the Sioux and Cheyenne at Little Big Horn. White they want revenge. The native Americans want their country and their way of life back. This conflict leads to a confrontation between Native Americas led by Young Bull (Young Rock Hudson showing his potential as an actor) and a small group of riders pinned down in a canyon and joined by civilian partner Lin McAdam (Stewart) her and life-long Paul High Spade (Mercket actor Millard Mitchell), and a couple trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dove pigeon with a heart heart. Among the new horse soldiers Tony Curtis and James Best (late in the "Dukes of Hazzard"), which are partly cut short by a bullet. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. The film has her as Marsh Head. The fine actor Will Geer (later in the Waltons) looks like an older earp. In fact Wyatt was Marshal's assistant Dodge at the time just off his teeth on being a law. Lin McAdam win Winchester in a shooting competition, but it was taken from him not long afterwards by Henry Henry (Stephen McNally) and his henchmen. McAdam and Spade High after both Dutch Henry and Winchester for the rest of the movie. An even more disaster character on the road, Waco Johnnie Dean, played as a malicious personality by Dan Duryea who threatened to steal the show from other members of a stellar cast. The Winchester passes through several hands during the film, every time the transfer is intense. One involves a gunrunner played in perfection by John McIntire. Other trades are mixed with the above scenario. All this plus action to keep the viewer stuck in the chair throughout the entire show. <br /> <br /> As noted above, the cast is the first step down to the smallest role. Look for other familiar faces in part without part, including the future sheriff of "Bonanza" Ray Teal and Westerner Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
