In 1942, a TALES film in Manhattan told a series of stories that were fundamentally related, but tied along with a lawsuit to wear the men's evening. Each story started when "tails" were passed from a homeowner (Charles Boyer, for example) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a superior movie, and a big west, has a similar twist to the twist. Initially it is about how Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for some deadly situations. But, of course, the movie went into a shooting competition, the prize (given by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) was one of New Winchester races. Stewart barely defeated Macmahon, but the gun is robbed of Stewart, and the chase is over. <br /> <br /> The gun passed by hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant Tugant trader does not know when to stop being arrogant), Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and a short in which), in Charles Drake, Dan Duryea (like Waco's delightfully dangerous and psychic Johnny Dean), in MacMahon. Eventually it returns to Stewart. The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide variety of experiences. Duryea gets the rifle literally on Drake's dead body (Duryea forces the problem). But she lost it to MacMahon, who is faster on the draw - not Duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle. As he and Shelley Winter look at MacMahon in the distance, Winter (who looks Duryea kills his old friend Drake) drops his distaste for gun at the time to ask why he puts up with MacMahon's intimidation for the gun. Philosophy, Duryea explains he can wait. Some opportunities will come later on (so when it can safely kill MacMahon and get back the rifle). <br /> <br /> Characters are remarkably human. Winters first appeared as the future bride of Drake, but he saw a really great negative side of him - an unforgiving side. Drake is aware of this mistake, and helps lead to his destruction. Other characters have realistic touches, such as J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant who fought an American attack with Steward and Steward's friend Millard Mitchell. Oh yes, and the Flippen fellow - Tony Curtis. Flippen one believes that this soldier was about a hundred battlefields before, since 1861 probably. Employees showed emotions in other films. In it is a valuable life he showed a degree of anger at times, and also a nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is wrong with his life. But here it showed a demonic anger - at the expense of a surprising Duryea (which normally would show this anger itself). This film part fits very neatly alongside the competent man. This is one western never-ending, as the audience watches their trip to a Winchester rifle.
