Buffs in the western adult who developed in the 1950s tried and traced the origins of the movie that originated from the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to the River River Howard Hawks (1948) or more still my John Clementine Darling (1946), but if we want to stick with this single decade, then it must be one of a couple of films made in the first year of this era. One is the "Gunfighter," an exhilarating tale story of a renowned gunslinger (Ringo) face his latest shooting. Another from this same year is "Winchester '73," and it's worth noting that Millard Mitchell looks at both as gloomy, mustached, very realistic range riders. In the Gunfighter, it is the city march hoping to arrest Ringo but once went up with him in a gang band. At Winchester, it is the sidekick of Jimmy Stewart, a kind of Horatio Hamlet Stewart in this epic / tragic story. The plot is simple enough: Stewart's connoisseur has a remarkable winchester in a match shooting, beating people in the west (Stephen McNally), which is actually his own brother and causing father's death. When the brother steals the gun, Stewart and Mitchell go after him in a cowboy odyssey that takes them all across the border, meeting up with both banned from the Indian. (In one little marvelous, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - play an American masterpiece with a U.S. rider - during a well-seared scene. Duryea steals the whole show as a giggling band leader , while Shelly Winters, just before he started gaining weight, is good as the shadow lady that links all the cemeteries together today, filmmakers would go on for four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does This is an extremely economical amount of time, and not a minute wasted. Western traders like Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (terrificly played by Will Geer) make short appearances, add to the historicity as well as the epic nature. The final beat between good Bright and fiery, high top of a series of stone canyons, is now legendary in the western west. It's also worth noting that Stewart, though very much associated with Western films, does actually make him the first Western leader Man's role here - yes, he's in Two riding rides Earlier eleven years earlier, but was thrown into this comedy parody because it seemed so WRONG to the west!
