The Western Tradition is synonymous with open space age, clear morality, inevitable history, the optimistic confidence in a hero's ability to shape his own destiny, to escape past. These types reflect directly the American sense of self, the self-set dream, pushing into boundaries and borders, which is why the genre still accused by opportunistic politicians. With some noble exceptions (eg Wellman, Hawks), the West was safe from neurosis or real anxiety. Anthony Mann changed all that forever, and this first dive of the genre is one of the most violent, vivid, complex, does not mean Westerns ever made. The traditional Western tradition depends on a hero who exemplifies Successful success, regardless of what he has been in the past, a command and right support, which dominates the movie, removes obstacles, restores harmony to the effect ; and an obvious villain, who often, ironically, drives the draw, force the hero into certain actions. The difference between the two is often detailed as a mythical simple as wearing white or black hat. <br /> <br /> Man of the background was in noir film, an antitety genit of open and optimistic open spaces. Noir was neurotically loaded, focused on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist, where morality is unlucky, the hero is as often the villain, trapped in a labyrinth interior of his own, a passive victim of destiny. Noir is about regression by progress, the interrogation and refusal of fashion and representation signs, by the creation and confirmation of them. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 is full of noir worries. Noir is often regarded as a psychological genre, visualizing the tramades of its protagonist. 73 does that too, and is all the more disturbing of that protagonist is beautiful, homespun Jimmy Stewart, starting here's great run of hard movies with Mann and Hitchcock. In many ways, good-natured and sweet, representing right and trying to restore chaos in the natural order, it is also a near-ant which will stop at nothing to achieve murder killings, whose merciless demands include Edwards In the search of its Persecution Persons, whose human instincts were lashed by this demands, and whose violence bursts are really terrifying to witness. As in the aftermath, anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike the most "healthy" heroes who have outgrown (symbolic kill) ancestors, Dad McAdam died before he could complete the process; chasing him, his brother, is less moral vengeance than a protest against critique growth. The Climactic Shoot-Out is not cathartic: McAdam is rapping back into 'normal' society, as it just witnessed some of the most horrific horrors in the world. What's more disturbing about the movie is that it's not really about a hero or a cruel at all, but a unobtrusive piece of weoponry that drives the action. 73 opens with the weapon of the privileged title, on display behind a glass window, while its admirers are trapped, squashed, undifferentiated, framed, admiration out there. Throughout the movie, people may reduce the most arbitrary to signifiers - change names; Lin and Dutch mimic shoot each other because they have no weapons; quests have lost moral vitality and lifestyle practices are close to madness; Army has to seek help from foreign battalions for battle fights; a man deserves respect only when he mentions his name; another appears to be a loose person when she abandons her fiancé for the Indians; The gun holds its prestige, power, totality. <br /> It's not the revenge scheme that drives the movie, but the story of the gun; This key to the movie comes from conventional expectations, and creates a weird, luncheon, modern feel. We become so caught up in the plot of revenge that when we follow, with the gun, another plot entirely, we feel a little disoriented. This emphasis on the weapon, the powerful masculine symbol, actually allows for a criticism of that virility, revealing uselessness to elaborate the cost of society and order; brital capital greed; American assassins killing those who defraud both sellers and enemies; Life; psychotic killer; Before returning to his true "true" owner, a broken-handed hero, who became as murderous as the murderer he seeks. The weapon is never printed with the name of its owner, not only because there is no landlord fixed, but because there is no fixed virginity, an inmate insemination of the traditional Western. <br /> <br /> 73 brilliantly invoked Western Western - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, the Rider, the Civil War, wide open West - only to undermine. Earp has a reputable reputation that is full but never proven - Dodge City has no risk of prohibiting anywhere else; The cavalry is inept (Custer was just losing Little Big Horn) and the bitter fraud of the war shown to be irrelevant. The history of the Open West is a site for a very closed, inevitable, circular trace that traps its characters, refuses to allow to form their destiny, but allow it to form. <br /> <br /> John's old John The silhouette of passengers on a vast thrash mountain, but signals here by progress, but repetition and cycle. But for all its deconstruction, the movie is also living in a way that some west has ever achieved. The incisive technique technique intrudes its camera in critical positions, alternates revealing distance and intense examination, making the saloon doors and stagecoaches look thrillingly alive and staying in.
