My favorite movie genre is the west, it's really the movie that only film is in the American background. But, despite Sergio Leone, no one makes them quite like Americans. Right from the top of my list of ten western favorites is Winchester 73. It was the first sheet with only black and white film in the partnership of director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart. It was also a landmark film in which Stewart opted for a percentage of profits instead of a salary straight from Universal. Many deals are followed by players, making them as rich as the moguls who worked. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann up to this point did mostly B photographs, noir stuff with no real budget. Just before Winchester 73 man made a fine west with Robert Taylor, the Doorway Devil, who never gained enough praise. I'm sure James Stewart had to see it and decided that he was the man he had decided to partner with. In this film, Mann has developed a mini action company as John Ford was legendary. In addition to Stewart's other cast members like Millard Mitchell, Steve Brodie, Dan Duryea, John McIntire, Jay C. Flippen and Rock Hudson would appear in the future movie. <br /> It's a simple draw, James Stewart is obsessed with finding a man called Dutch Henry Brown and killing him. Why I will not say, but up to this point we've never seen this cold anger from James Stewart on screen. Anthony Mann arrives in Jimmy Stewart's soul and drags out some demons we all fear. <br /> <br /> The hate is precisely demonstrated at a great time at the beginning of the movie. After Stewart and Sidekick Millard Mitchell are disarmed by Wyatt Earp playing by Will Geer because the weapons were not brought to the Dodge Earp town. There is a shooting contest for a winchester in Dodge City and the favorite betting is Dutch Henry Brown, played with threats by Stephen McNally. Stewart, Mitchell and Geer go to the saloon and Stewart and McNally look at each other at the same time and get drawn to unarmed weapons. See a whole set of Stewart and McNally, say more than 10 pages in dialogue. Another character Stewart enters in the movie is Waco Johnny Dean played by Dan Duryea who nearly steals the movie. This may have been the finest Duryea moment on screen. He is a murderous psychiatrist killer who's dangerous as a left draw threatening even though he's sporting six weapons. <br /> <br /> Another person Stewart meets Shelley Winters who is fiancé is goaded in a confrontation by Duryea and killing. Its best scene with Duryea has taken a fancy to her. She plays for time until she can safely get away from her. Guess who he finally winds up with? <br /> There are some wonderful performances of some small roles, no note back to the cast. John McIntire as an American stock stretch, Jay C. Flippen as the grizzled army sergeant and Rock Hudson received his first real notice as a US American leader. Even John Alexander, better known as 'Theodore Roosevelt' in Arsenic and Old Lace has a short but impressive role as the owner of a post trading where both McNally and Stewart are suspended at different times. Stewart made eight films together, five of them west, and were ready to make a sixth west, night passage when they discussed and Mann walked into the series. End a nice partnership that produces some quality films.
