"Addiction" is an adject I've heard many times when talking about certain TV shows. Most recently, drama like Objects, Heroes and Prison Breaks have earned that description. However, as compelling as they can (and they really are) I can wait a few days before I see the next episode of either series, even prison breaks that some have been lazily classified as the "24 New". With all due respect, there can be no such thing, and for good reason: no other silver-screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. This is what sets 24 apart from any other show, and that's why I practically watch an entire season (on DVD) within seven days or less: once the frickin clock starts ticking, it's impossible to tune out. <br /> <An episode with evolution over the course of one day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and, most recently, Deadwood); There is an entire epic a new series of 24 hours, one by one (the current run is 41 minutes; 19 remains occupied by advertisements when displaying on television), the most inaugural TV show in the mainstream of Hill Street Blues featuring non-linear storytelling (a compulsory elementary nowadays). And it really pay off. <br /> Ironically enough, the original plan for the series made it revolve around a wedding (fortunately, creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran to realize the format was more appropriate for a conspiracy thriller), which is probably the reason to glimpse in The first one we find in the hero suggests a happy atmosphere: looking very relaxed, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) will enjoy a game of chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and, later, being tender with Teri (Leslie Hope), the wife with whom he just reconciled. As in the Sopranos, though, something unexpected and shocking is just behind the corner: not only has Kim snuck out of her room, Jack also receives a phone call asking her to get to work immediately. At night? I am afraid that Bauer is a Counter Counter Terrorist Unit, and his boss found reliable Intel about a possible hit on the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), an African-American presidential candidate who is going to Los Angeles for the whole day (oh, right, I almost forgot: events happen on the day of elementary school in California). No time to rapping, then: Jack has over the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, it has a tendency to ignore the protocol, and does not fit well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a thin person in the division who was asked to interfere with the operation. is very dense, making the hard show to recommend people with a brief attention span, but anyone who wants to take a look will be rewarded immediately: the writing is sharp and precise, attention to unsurpassed details, and the suspense is Always sky-high, especially thanks to the real-time sadness that significantly enhances adrenaline levels. Another great quality of this pilot is the characterization: most genre shows (sci-fi and thriller) tend to simply introduce key players and then define them later (a book example is CSI, where Character development is minimal, but then again that matches the unique style of the show), whereas the first series of 24 offers a rich array of people fully balanced, among which Jack (Sutherland's Best Role - All time!) And Palmer (the real revelation of the show) stand out for being perfectly portrayed after only one episode (formerly divided between work and family, reckless but human, the last honorable and endowed with great integrity). A couple supports borders on stereotypes (Mason and Tony Almeida especially), but two factors should take into account: a) this is the first episode; b) There will be lots going on most viewers will not even complain about a "default" or two. After all, how many networking programs manage to start with a plot, a teenager who disappears and a big explosion - and still have materials equally satisfying for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Turkish, tock, tick, tock ...
