In these comments here before me, I especially agree with the Edyarb. The story and the script apparently have been potential to be funny, but even if managed at some point, in other places it fails. You could see they want to make a joke, but no one at the laughing audience. (Also agree with Edyarb's look on the credit ends: leave it normal or do it cool, but not what they did now.) OK, which gives a more negative sentiment than what I actually watched the movie. I loved it; It was nice entertainment for a night and definitely did not feel like a waste of money to get the ticket. The best jokes are those that go a little bit out of the expected and fairly mature, as Luke Wilson's character asks chick to super "P * NI or bed?" when she told her she would "get him a new one" after a wild night in the bed, ending crushing the bed and leaving Matt hurting. <br /> I can not, however, agree with bgs1614, saying that the film can earn a 'R' rating - there was absolutely nothing in the movie justifying that. There are some sexual acts yes, but there is nothing explicit, just funny, and no stripping too. (Perhaps it was a prescription that showed more ...?) I would like to compare this to the last two films I went to see with no expectations whatsoever: Superman and click. I did not really expect anything from either one - I was a big fan of the original Superman films and the trailer for Click only showed it as a potentially chauvinistic (which I would not oppose) movie. Superman surprised me and actually makes me feel good (goosebumps!) On seeing his first heroic deed, like seeing a lost friend and feeling happy about it. But for the rest of the story I'd rather look my super-ex girlfriend, at least it offers some surprises. Clicking again was a TOTAL surprise, better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes away from being a really great movie. The jokes also work better than in Ex-girlfriend, both the naughty people and the most advanced ones. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the only reason I compare these three films is that they are the last three I 've seen, in a very short period, and also because I went to all These and fundamentally no expectations at all. I'd be riding them Clicking, Girlfriend, Superman.
