On this paper looked like a great concept: Average guy on the dates to relax up tight tourist bookish museums, who is really a hot superhero that saves the world on a regular basis. However, director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (in the "Simpson") almost tirelessly miscalculate in their hero G-girls (playing by Uma Thurman) has come in as a totally black job as both Superhero and Secret Identity character Jenny Johnson. The same movie cinema in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after his resignation by G-girls from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny curiously asks Matt what was G-girlfriend. Matt replied, "It's kind of nutty ??" I think that the intention had Jenny (Thurman) to be this lonely young woman, with no one in her life, isolated from her great physical power. Thurman does her best, but Jenny is an awesome attitude in dire need of Prozac. Luke Wilson is a way too brittle to reverse the role of companion and girlfriend superhero girl. <br /> <br /> "My Super Ex-girlfriend" is also a victim of bad distribution, coming to the end of the "Superman Returns" that play Superhero straight up, so to speak. With all his career and writing inconsistencies I still think "My Super Ex-girlfriend" was funny and enjoying the movie. Given that this is a movie by Ivan Reitman, this could be a lot better. Riding begins with a great site, and really squanders it. First, we all love the hero. Here neither Jenny nor G-girl is really all that is unmatched. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, who is usually a charismatic and powerful presence. In the beginning, Jenny / G-Girl is just plain quaint. Chokan. Because if a woman can play a superhero, she is Thurman ?? it looks great. Only toward the end of Jenny it becomes more sympathetic, instead of caricature. Although my "Super Ex" is not a superhero story right, rather a romantic comedy of sorts, it does not give that every superhero mythology requires a great super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard) who really is wrestling. He does not have Lex Luthor. There is no global dominance plan. Bedlam rather Barry holds a bad against G-girl, and hopes he has done with their past share. What bizarre do you know who you'd rather spend time with BADAM or G-girls? Matt Matt Luke is just "some dude" that happens to hook up with the psycho superhero. One of these annoying things does it is that he confides in his repetitive absolute friends Vaughn (Rainn Wilson doing a bad whacked out imitation). Wilson sometimes plays it a little too dense, and this dilutes his likable charm. This however works, in the sexiest scene scene with Jenny. Matt while dating Jenny / G-Girl realizes that she's in love with her co-worker Hannah (Percy Anna Faris). So how does Matt break up with G-girls? Well, it's not nice and for the most hilarious party. <br /> <br /> Dramatic superhero movie theater. Romantic comedy and chemistry work. What can be inherently difficult to superhero satires disguised as romantic comedy. Everyone loves the hero. However, black heroes work? Maybe not. With Uma Thurman's talent he can not accomplish this compelling. And he did not get enough support to Rita and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative weaknesses. "My super-ex girlfriend" is fun and funny. Even if they were all involved, the film could be super.
