I said, as a BSG fan I did not exactly what I would think of this show. I saw it on the big screen in the evening Arclight Cinema (as part of the Paley Center exams), and drove them with musicians talking after-parish. Ron Moore said they wanted to make a clean break from Battlestar, and did something different, and they would lose some fans but hopefully they would find others. "Even if they do not talk, I'm now a fan of the new show. But here's what I thought of the movie. <br /> I loved it .. It was really pretty good. Guess I'm a true sci-fi (or ' syfy '- did I really have this type?), because I would totally watch this as a series It had a strong and rich story, it kept my interest. <br /> It starts with a small group The teens draw something, which makes me the weakest and somewhat confused party. The actor plays "Ben" should have given us more of a glimpse of his intense belief to actresses playing "Zoe" seemed a little pig, but she plays a teenager (and I'm sure I will not be the only one who thought "Zoe" was a first silence, the danger of being a BSG geek.) If they're hoping to be going The new Bamber / Helfer / Park, they may want to not Again, sadly, sadly, the adult was capturing the audience's attention. <br /> Eric Stoltz gives a stellar performance as Daniel Greystone, a man so haunted by his family tragedy that he jumps to the first chance to get out of his grief and not let go. She makes a cottage and enthralling the work of transmitting her character's smile to the interior of the computer world with people, especially in a scene in which she turns an internet for the youngest friend of her daughter, her traps, then , dismiss and release it. By signing in all 'serial killer' he plays on Gray's anatomy, really impressive acting. As though strong but not in it almost as much is Paula Malcomson as his wife Amanda Greystone. It's just as smart and well-written and very well played as Stoltz's part, and I fully believe that they are a couple, and a couple who have been together forever and have a solid relationship, something rarely seen these days . I look forward to seeing what's happening with this family, and hoping to give as much as Roslin in BSG - it's strong and smart and when it's out of his kid, you cringe, it's really great. Not to mention his eyes, which could keep magic power, that's how intense they are. The scene where it takes on the government-very short-performing scene, but very well-played really gives you an idea of ​​its power. Other parts of the show that did not work 100% for me were the scenes with Esai Morales, and family type mafia in it. He did a good job in general, but I did not believe in this crowd, nor intimidated by the threats. I found myself wanting that this whole story line was a bit more mysterious and difficult to figure out; The way it is presented is almost a homage to the godfather, they kind of hit you over the head and read a bit. But giving time, I can see how this will be developed into a 'top / down' interest, and the poor minorities (Morales et al) against the popular rich ruler of the planet (Stolz et al). But to be honest, I enjoyed it when he talked to his son about the origin of their name - that was a pretty well-played scene. <br /> Note BSG fans, the boy playing 'Willy Adam' does not really look much like Olmos, but it's just a kid. Whether or not it will be featured any more than it was in this movie, who knows? I certainly could not say. But he does not bother me, because he was not as interesting as everything else went on his side. <br /> <br /> Polly Walker plays 'Sister Clarice', and it was fruity and odd in every scene it's. I'm not sure where it will go or which it will end up, but I was very impressed with it acting. In this movie he was sort of on the side, but obviously was set up to play a very important part later on. It was nothing like his character in "Rome," something I always get the impression of actors. <br /> One beautiful surprise - the music is actually better and less obvious that BSG, though it's the same guy to do it, Bear McCreary. It had a haunting and unusual approach that took me by surprise, I would buy this note if I had the chance. <br /> As on the 'panel discussion' after the show, it was hosted by Seth Green. Ron Moore was very clever and articulate, David Eick was brave in wisdom (much like his video diary), Esai Morales told a long story about how he was cast, and Eric Stoltz was very funny and did not really answer The questions (but I've always had something for him). Paula Malcomson was tough (she took Seth Green to work for her mistakes saying she was on '24'), and the girls who played Zooey and Lacey were both darling. Grace Park and Tricia Helfer were as well, answering questions about how they made their acting acting on BSG. Overall a very interesting and wonderful evening. <br /> I give the show a 9 out of 10, and many looking forward to watching it all unfold. just watch this a second time and really hope to explore what the HOLOBAND has been originally made for. I have no idea what can be, but it holds a great deal of my passion.
