It all starts with a suicide. Or is it a car crash? I guess it all depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the ability to enter his new seven-volume movie regardless of your preferences as it starts at the end and it will make its way back to the beginning, showing us the course of events that led us into that 911 call heartbreaking. This is one powerful movie; Maybe it's because I'm a softy when it comes to dramatic this ilk, sinking with heavy moments and full shock of devastating performance, but either way, a movie works best when it really touches me when it fingers in the back of the hour myself after leaving the theater. And this comes out of the team that brought us the supreme, bloody, and not all that redeemed the pursuit of happiness, so I'll just say anticipation I was well watched for a great disappointment. And all this, though, I was with seven pounds from the opening frame all the way until the rolled credits. Even if you know that Will Smith's character is doing, his secret secretion is trying to fill, it's the way in which he accomplishes his puncture that shines brightly with your leaves and a water-filled smile at the end. > <br /> Our entry point is a bit jarring, let's cut-kilter trying to figure out what's going on. Smith Smith has a list of names, one of those we do not know with one of the people he or she is trying to follow with auditing. Working with the IRS allows access to foreigners for a quick look at their lives to see if they are worthy of a gift they have the power to give them a gift that could completely change the circumstances. He calls a former former friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he is promised, not second to guess his decision because there is no change his mind. Even in a small role as the Pepper, you can not help but feel the utter grief that occurred Aloft in the background, hanging upside down everyone. It is his character, perhaps three times, which encompasses the principal level of emotions that are faced with. Hang her, if worn-trim and composed or head of convulsion hand, show the bonds of people there is one who stops the test of time and any circumstances gets his way. , start the journey to meet new people. Thomas is on some sort of mission to help alleviate the monetary problems of ill sick people, trying to stay afloat despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival. This fulfillment takes a lot of turn, from a "blind, vegan, meat seller" that he berates to see if he can get him to explode; In a heartbeat of heart patients need donor-necessity, able to print his line at stationary, or even run with his Duke Gran Dane; at a mother's mother and mother Latino mother in two, too afraid to leave her boyfriend; in a dead hockey coach who encourages faith in a downtrodden youth community; to a boy in need of a bone marrow transplantation. There are people who live with the pain and future inevitability with a disposition of hope and want to cherish everyday, and there are those who try to beat it by cutting edge and spending all the money at the expense of those who need it to go out in style. Why it is up to Toma weed in the mix and find those who deserve "gifts" it is unknown at first, and that's why the man sees in flashback as an aircraft engineer and a beautiful wife and big beach house, is now live in a motel, drive a beaten truck, go door to door in order to audit the IRS. As he said, though, "he kind of stumbled on the job". <br /> <br /> Smith's quest as Toma is one long and painful, tempered with moments of clear and compassionate honor. As a person who has the means to help him, he has taken seriously his work, crosses those who are not stunned and tests people he believes are worthy of. If that means it should call and enjoy them, it must do it. At every step, though, you see the suffering in his eyes, the pain eats away in his soul, taking every step towards his fate, one as a saint of redemption, not only for whom he wants to help, but for himself as well. It's a performance-deserved performance and I only wish Smith would do more plays like this instead of succumbing to blockbuster summer action, because, while they are fun, this guy is too good for them. The best man has an Oscar before he or she will be a travesti ?? at least in my mind. The rest of the cast is stellar across the board. Woody Harrelson as the blind seller is the perfect disability and a happy life. His smile smile and belief in humanity come across, if on the phone being called in, sitting in a diner eating his pie, or in the park piano, playing for everyone who will listen. Elpidia Carrillo, as the mother abuses, is fantastic, showing the tough evolution of the proud pride completely overwhelmed by the kindness of a stranger, allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines as "once hot" young women, beaten and broken by staying long hospital, all but giving up on living life to find love and happiness. It is Thomas Smith's introduction that opens her eyes again to be a woman, a free-spirited sexual creature that can just live without fear wondering what day will be her last.
