Seven Book, this was the movie where I was just convinced Will Smith is really going for "I'm going to cry you" movie. One thing I can give him a ton of credit, the man can cry. My only thing is, as moving as the story is, Will Smith has proven time and time again that he can act, so why is he taking this very depressive story? But somehow it's still a good movie. I must admit she made me cry, but I felt that the performance stand was Rosario Dawson, I absolutely loved this girl, ever since I saw her in 25 hours with Ed Norton, I knew this little Girls went on a long journey. It's nice, good, funny and talented, can not wait to see how much his career going away. But he and Will Smith, not so if they had big chemistry that the movie needs would have made this into a big movie. Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car accident, caused by him using his mobile phone; seven people were killed: six foreigners and her fiancé. A year after the crash, and left her job as an airplane engineer, Tim donated a wet lung for Ben, an IRS employee. Six months later she gave part of her time to a Holly child service worker. Then she starts looking for more donations for donations. He found George, a junior hockey coach, and gave her a helmet, and then gave bone marrow to a boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before her death she contacted Holly and asked if she knew anyone who deserves help. She suggested Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive companion. Tim moved out of his house and in a local motel to take with him his pet's jellyfish. One night, after being defeated, Connie contact Tim and gave him the keys and titles in his beach house. She takes her two children and moves into their new home. Having robbed his brother and making himself known by his Ben Ben, he's checking for his final final donation. The first is Ezra Turner, a vegetarian blind vendor who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and his aria to work to check whether he is quick to anger. Esdras remains calm and Tim decides to be worthy. He then contacted Emily Posa, an independent greeting card card printer who has a heart condition and a blood type. She spends time with her, drying her garden and fixing her rare print reader to Heidelberg. She starts to fall in love with her and decides that as her condition gets worse she needs to donate it. <br /> <br /> Seven pounds is a good movie and no doubt worth a look, I would just recommend going to the venue vs. theater. Will Smith pulls in a good performance, but not her best, just most of the film asks him to cry in each scene, but the last one with her is a doozy. But I liked the finish, it was nice and really made you appreciate life and did not take it for granted. There are still good people in this world and Ben's characters remind you of life's worth and to those in desperate need. Although it went a little far, but it was still a nice story. <br /> 7/10
