I would recommend this movie to any music musician who has seen a music performing a faithful transition from screen to stage. Ensure it's time, but it's length of time is a testimony of how true the original music movie is being. Their composition and cast really sweet Apple, Ohio where to be. Fosse protects Anne Reinking also does a great job with choreography to give the dances a beautiful little city, feeling feeling. <br /> <br /> The casting at a glance may look weird in some but they are really wonderful (reading "anonymous" commentary on Jason Alexander's performance made me sick). In fact, its perforamnce literally steals the show. As Albert, he mixes his own unique mix of skittles and Dick Van Dyke-esque charm to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that he can dance and sing as business nobody hurts either. George Wendt is another stand out, which improves Paul Lynde's take on Harry McAffe by making him less manic and more down on Earth and Strict. All his characters and body language call "on my body dead". Marc Kudisch takes the Elvis aspect of Conrad Birdie for new heights and his subtle insertion into a "thank you very much" to "Honestly Sincere". Her physicality though harkens turns into young Elvis then stuffed, stubly Conrad in the original movie. The reality is that this movie differs greatly from the original film (which has added plot of happpy figures, torture on speed and ballet to the Russian !!!) what made any of them have to do with Bye, Bye Birdie, I'm shocked? The only possible advantage that the original version has more than one is Ann Margret. Otherwise the update is best in any way possible. Where the old version cut off many songs and increased dancing breaks wherever there was no need for them (and for all intention and purpose ended the movie in the middle of the play), the new version has restored the original musical notes and added some great new things as well ("A Giant Stage" being the exceptional in this category). We know live at times trying but if you want to get your idea of ​​your problem and put on a happy face then this one is worth the stream.
