This movie is one of the best shades I've ever seen - and as I make it a point to be in all major film festivals, I've seen a lot, especially in what the industry considers "the best. " I'm not a Monaghan fan. His acting generally tends to be late and refreshing to me, only his decent performance was in Objects, so I generally try to avoid his movie. I did, however, to see this in a movie festival a few years back and was completely awed. This director really knows what he is doing. Of course, you will find the trolls (or just ignorant people) who do not understand what constitutes a good movie and rip about low budget work because they have no idea that has entered it. But luckily, in what I saw, they are in the minority when it comes to this gem. <br /> Not to deny this film was working on no budget, and that a couple of actors supported can still use work, because this certainly true. The production value is very low, but what can you expect for a real first movie of someone still in high school? Posing for a moment that the budget does not matter. If you take a bit of the act, the sound quality (which was actually not the fault of the moviewriter; I saw this in a festival with the sound was fine ... I guarantee who will make the DVD itself screwing up), and the fact he fired on mini DV, then what do you leave with? The story, the visual composition and the soul of the film, which is perfectly impeccable. Crafts can tell a story. It's very clear. It can write heavy-duty scripts, engaging better than most people in Hollywood, creating a smooth shot that perfectly compliments this story, and bringing it to life in a fascinating, creative way, that was the highest budget, can win awards. Giving more active actors, better post-production sounds, and 35mm instead of mini-DV and even the trolls could not complain. This incredible girl, and keep in mind that Insomniac has done a good a few years ago, she has done some amazing job since. The trailer for dreams of an angel shows that, and I can not wait to see the highest budget stuff she does. 9/10 stars, this is one hell of a movie from a hell of a cinema.
