First, someone mentioned here because it was published in the number of "limited" ie it would be bad ... is exactly what "big five" Hollywood studios would like everyone to think of being "over" or " ignore "features that are not desirable, without shedding face or imagined by controlling them directly. At the point, this production has been "limited" because it is considered "patriotic" by certain people. <br /> Now I absolutely loved this feature; I find it better then this "Charlie Wilson's War" even though it's a "fictional" account of something that's never "happening", but still so OBVIOUS.this goes to anyone and everyone interested or affected by the US foreign policy now, "home" or "aboard". The country's "Turakistan" and the "emerald city" are definitely trying to resemble Iraq and Baghdad just as much as the "Tamerlane" society goes for "haliburton" (and Dick Cheney's vice-president Dan Aykroyd, LOL). quiet one moment actually where the movie is dying seriously, not even sarcastic yet (main example would be like John Cusack character deal with his depression, but not just). <br /> I found that all characters may be related to something / person or specific stereotypes. Now word counselor; If you are not politically active, especially towards the aspects of "globalization", you will likely not enjoy this feature since most of its content and inside "jokes" are targeting certain "personality" that are not "visibile "to the general public on the basis of everyday life ... (main exception would be Hilary Duff who plays well-known top pop art stars, i need to say no (s)?). In its CORE feature is an anti-globalization gig, period. The message is unmistakeably delivered and comic remorse. Joan has a line at a point that goes like this: "and here we have a written book by you who, about how I conquer the world and solve problems with my dad." PRICELESS)) <br /> <br /> The sister and brother Cusacks play good together as always, as in the "PointeBlank Grosse" I might say a bit more "mature" .Marisa Tomeihere does not show her butt and breasts in "impressing" us (as he did lately in "Before the Devil knows you're dying"), but instead it has a very serious role, and managed to pull it in quietly well. <br /> <br /> many critics do not get it (can not do that, or you do not want to). This is NOT a "regular" movie but more of a comic documentary. This feature means delivering a message with PA to get Oscars, or having "visual" sort of getting the viewer to buy the latest TV "HDTV experience" ... I've noticed even in my local papers that movie This has become a bad re-view because it's not "artistic", while the pro Iraqi movie warrior finds good inch up for being "balanced" apparently and "engaged". make one wonder how many of the world's mainstream media focus on them in a lot of people. .. <br /> I bet this feature will prove an overseas hit as much more then it will be in North America. As I mentioned before, it is all a satire on American foreign policy and how it was airline by "special interest" group ... with the "regular" US soldier wearing the "Tamerlane" corporate logo on his combat clothes Very insulting but effective in displaying reality as it is, or will soon the way things go too far. <br /> <br /> some PRICELESS shots: on "liberation", the country has invaded commercial advertising; a hilarious scene about how journalists in the future will likely pick up "news" ("anything got to be better then this x-box calf"))); soldiers related to "frustration"; <br /> Overall, I do not recommend this to "conservatives" or "hard core" patriots of character characteristics or other features. This does not make the reach of the "minds of souls" of the people (as mainstream propaganda and interest commercials are still trying to do this) .Additionally, it has a well-defined message for realism, and towards some ideological goals apparently "always" short to achieve.
