Brand Hauser (Jan Cusack) is a killer for the CIA. He ordered to go to the country in Turaquistan, a United States nation was "liberated", and killed a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the American conglomerate, Tamerlane, who puts the country "back together" will not stand for Shariff, an oil person from a neighboring state, laying under its own pipes of war-torn Turquistan. But once there, Brand runs in difficulty. One, he meets a determined journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei) who means the American public "true" story in the region's conflict ... and in Tamerlane. But Brand is aghast to realize that Natalie's beautiful face and sharp thoughts immediately and unknowingly forcing her to lose focus on her mission. Also, his cover as a trade show host forces him to meet the country's pop-song princess, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will marry at the convention center. She is a young diva whose wedding arrangements also turn Brand's attention from the coming assassination. With other subtlety and hassle, Brand will be able to carry out his mission, for the satisfaction of the Tigerlane boss, the former vice-president (Dan Ackroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, does this movie, though he does not quite hold together. Injections in Serbia, it is a worthy look at what current Iraq day is like, a country turned upside down. At a bright stroke, the green area here is called the "Emerald City" and so justice, for this Oz-like neighborhood attempt to endure the raids of war will be elsewhere in the metropolis. Throwing is very good, and Cusack does a great job with Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others who retreat him up in style. Duff, especially, makes a big turn like the heavy-heavyweight, heavy-made make-up, potty-mouth singer. The recreation of Baghdad war-riddled is so real that it hurt while the costumes and other self-tooth-to-go production. As for the script, it's not always it but it certainly has a tremendous dialogue with scenes. For example, a young Turaqui offers to show brand an enemy cache, in exchange for money and candy. The brand produces cash but because it does not have any candy, the boy burns his car anyway. Brilliant! Then, too, the direction is not a total success, but not lag very often. No, if you tend to conservative, you probably will not like this movie one bit. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the "terrorist war", this is quite a good show. Therefore, make an effort to see it, as you will support those filmmakers who choose to make movies away from those old "studio formulas".
