On this 4th of July weekend he urged them to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the film "War, Inc." just as our founding fathers gave back to college to King George III, that movie The exposure to the modern hilarious war crane-profiteering by the current crop of capitalist ramps is intended to indecently privatize the government, including privatizing war itself. <br /> Throw in this absolutely bright satire. Jan Cusack is wonderful as a runner, stubborn assassin, and Marisa Tomei's beautiful superstar as his love interests. (Gosh, "George Costanza" was good. Marisa Tomei is so attracted!) But John Cusack's sister really stole the movie. Her period in a bossy, but at the same time sycophantic, personal assistant is priceless, and more than once I just could not stop the bright laugh of her performance. He does not just possess fantastic comic distribution, his face is as expressive as one might ever wish for an actor. Dan Ackroyd, too, has a short, but very effective, cameras of the movie as the head of the company that is running the war, the Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on a "throne" with his pants down to his ankles, Ackroyd even looks like the donkey's actually occupying one of our real powers of power. You will not have to think too hard to recognize that person. Many of this film was filmed in Bulgaria, which is why we can see many real military equipment. (You just know that the U.S. military would never have cooperated in doing this satiric exposure to war-profiteering.) I especially enjoyed the character of "Omar Sharif" as played by the Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. At one stage in which he is on the dance floor and Marisa Tomei has a couple of lines that might summarize all of our attitudes towards attitude toward foreign leaders we install - and uninstall - in power. , this movie will not appeal to everyone. If you believe that privatization extends our foreign policy, military, collective intelligence and analysis, prison and correctional systems, public health, and a myriad of other government services is a good thing you can not get as much as in this movie. If you believe, however, destroy people and countries in order to add in line to the corporation is an abomination I think you will find much appreciated in this movie. There is nothing that can be more in keeping with the spirit of Independence that is trapped well-deservedly ridiculous to corruption.
