The plot of this movie could not be extraordinary, but what makes the movie really special, is its character (and the actors who play them ?? of course!). I will not go into the details of the plot of the movie, but I would certainly like to say this ?? This movie is not just for everyone! The movie is really witty and you need to be equally smart to get all the satire. If you are not vigilant even for a second, you'll probably finish missing one of the subtle points. The movie is all about to seem trivial but witty - as the ads will be over in the background of Turaqistan, the ads on the gases (which I am almost missed) and it is the one that makes the movie hilarious at all. <br /> <br> Come to the actors, John Cusack has played his multi-faceted role highly efficiently (what with him being the co-writer and the producer too) and plays his character ?? Hauser, the killer and a heart ?? exquisitely. Cusack does a similar kind of previous role in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comical readiness of the movie is simply superb. However the actress who steals all the show is Hilary Duff! I was still a big fan of Mrs. Duff. But to be honest I was a little disappointed when I heard about the role of playing in the movie. But after watching the movie the deception gave way to great respect for it as an actor. Let's face it! The young child grows, of course, so talent it! All of these critics, who call loudly that Hilary can not act, will be silent for a while. Hilary has played a really complex character ?? hard on the outside, yet a sweet kid on the inside ?? and made complete justice about it. Does it make you laugh and it makes you cry? to cut the long short story ('cause I could go on raving about it forever) it's BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack did a good job too. Especially, Joan's survival is chaos! However, I was rather disappointed with Ben Kingsley being wasted in as a small role and performance he looked mediocrally. <br /> <br /> Overall War, Inc. keeps you on your toe at all with its clever humor, and ends with just the right amount of twist of the plot. I would highly recommend this movie to all (and more for fans Hilary Duff) !!! P.S. - I'm really happy to hear the movie that will break free from its limited release and disclosure in other locations soon !!!
