In this satir to the commercialization and 'lightheartedness' of war, John Cusack plays Hauser Brand, a killer sent to 'Turaqistan' to take out Omar Sharif, who is doing some oil business that will spell problems for senior vice president in the Own Own Company. In addition, Hauser must juggle her fake position as a trading show producer, a wedding of Yonica (Hillary Duff) pop princess, and a Liberal Socialist journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei). Technical Aspect: <br /> <br /> - The act (not the main characters, at least) was good, as expected. Some of John Cusack's dialogues are quite obviously not written for him as it often seemed uncomfortable to say it. . . Perhaps unrealistic is more accurate. Joan puts a great, and often hilarious, performance. Marisa Tomei, while I was never a big fan of her, was more than appropriate for the role and work well. Hillary Duff, however, was very awful. They need an attractive Middle East (or Russian, or whatever accent was to be) pop-star. Unfortunately, they went 0 to 3 with him. <br /> - As I said above, the writing seemed a little stiff and mismatched in points, especially the Jan Cusack's dialogue. Not much of it, ideas, but some. The story also got a bit ludicrous to point, which is fine for a satire at one point, but it took it to a whole new level here. Luckily, the Cusacks and Tomei hold a relatively cool, calm attitude at all and make a nice mix even in the craziness of the movie and levelheadedness of the actors. <br /> - Joseph Seftel, who previously had a drought of real credit in his name, did a fine job with a rather wide-spectrum film. She pays tiny ($ 10 million) budget very well, stretching it out to be more. Seftel also managed to nicely mix the humor in the story. . . and painful and hard-to-look parts of the real war (including kill for civilians, etc.). <br /> <br /> - As far as the general satire goes, its exaggerated view on commercialization of war is very well done, especially 'Golden Palace Poker' ads on the US tanks. At point, it gets a little too much, but in the end, it always shows exactly what it's going to be for a young 'Mel Brooks' style. In general, the movie is very well done for the budget lean and it definitely deserves to look. He will not go down as one of the big satires in movies, but it's certainly not the worst. <br /> 7/10.
