Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of memorable proportion - is similar to the title suggests: the effect of corporations on the war. The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) traveling to Turaqistan (not a real country, fy) to help the U.S. government get their message across Turaqistan's leadership. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will be accomplished with a lonely man + a hot reporter. Somewhere in the mix, a pop star called Yonica Babyyeah was thrown in. As Yonica married one of Turaquistan's most important people (a son of the president), is a subplot created where the mercenary must look on this star well , a bit. The film starts off with a lonely Cusack in a bar; no more than fifteen seconds later, the film of your hook. With it's fun and intriguing insight about terrorism and politics, run the movie time by yourself. The film has a lot more action than I expected, with the occasional scene of war, battling well choreography and just sporadic scenes of murder. Though the story is not very deep, the simplicity of it all makes the movie perfect for both common people and movie critics alike. <br /> In the final act of the movie, the simplicity of it all turns very hostile and jumbled. I thought he was executed very well, but others could agree, and I could understand why. Twisting after twisting is what the finish is all about, and like most movies, it is a real hit / missing situation. Regardless, three writers on the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser & John Cusack) did a fantastic job to create a realistic and fun satire overseas situation today. Joseph Seftel does an excellent job to ensure the integrity of film; Do not reduce the most redundant material in film (which I was scared to happen). Seftel crafted the film as perfectly as one could: it created a vibrant atmosphere, one that is both examining harsh reality and cartoonish falcons; - Contrast them perfectly - as well as make the movie feel as though you've watched it all. Seftel really gets you involved in all of the action and pays off. No missteps here. Hopefully, it takes on more direct work, because it is one director to look out for.
