Deanna Durbin, In Gray and Barbara She is "Three Smart Girls" in this Universal Film from 1936, which introduces Deanna Durbin movie audience. It also stars Ray Milland, Mischa Auer, Charles Winninger, John King, Binnie Barnes and Alice Brady. It's a sweet story about three young women, now living in Switzerland and divorced mothers, who hear their father (Winninger) is married again. Did not see it in 10 years and know that mothers always love her and riding a boat in America, with the help of the housekeeper / nanny, are determined to stop the wedding. Realizing that the intent, called "precious" (Barnes) is nothing but a gold-digger to help and abetted by his mother (Brady), they arrange it to be presented in a wealthy county. This is arranged by the father's account (king). His chosen man is a full-time drink (Auer), but the girls mistaken him for a current count (Milland). What a mess. <br /> This is a delightful movie, not cloying or overly sugary at all, with some nice performances, particularly by Auer, Milland, Barnes and Brady. Young women are beautiful and doing good work. Emphasis, of course, is about young Durbin, who is a natural actress and a very well-trained singer. In fact, her voice as a youngster is more even than she would as an adult - she has no problem with the high notes, as she did later on her because she put too much weight in the middle voice. He sings a delightful "Bacio" at a police station. One of the most beautiful things about the film is to see the father, played by Charles Winninger, does not want his children around - until he sees them and gets to know them. Barnes as the gold-digger is not all that young, but the girls' mother looks way up there, so the inference probably was the greatest man seeking his teens and a younger, more celebrity woman. In fact, he found the young man looking for his daughter. Universal gives Durbin great stars to build here - it has the final shot of the movie. Ray Milland at this point has always paid his fees, and he will probably have a surprise even movie fans how young and attractive it is. <br /> <br /> Very fun and of course, this led to a great sequel to Deanna.
