Deanna Durbin, then 14 and just under MGM contract, made a brief feature of his 1936 fear and Judy Garland, a year younger, in the first movie for both of them. Louis B. Mayer then decided he did not need to compete young musicians, put his bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, ran her in three smart girls and rewrote the scenario to pump up her party. It was last billed, but with the typographic equivalent of neon light around its name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would break, and it was good. Three Smart Girls are less a music and more a vicious comedian, and Durbin, 15 when the movie was released, carrying it with aplomb. She is Penny Craig, and she and her older sister, Joan and Kay, are determined to save their father, who divorced their mothers, from the clutches of an elegant gold digger and a fierce mother. They talk about the roads in Switzerland, where they live, in New York City, where their father lives. They plan to not just break their wedding dad but they meet their father and mother, who after ten years will still love the guy. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two of her hot, yummy soprano? Nope. Is there any doubt the girls will succeed ... and Kay and Joan find material love and marriages along the way? No, again. Years later Durbin pointed out that he could not continue playing Little Miss Fixit forever. It was good, of course, but in three smart girls, its first feature film, it has little Miss Fixit down pat. Dwarf is funny, determined, resourceful, energetic and, of all, natural. His personality is so genuine that he does this comedy - a mixture of mascarade, confusion, good intentions and happy avarice - downright trendy. <br /> <br /> Durbin brings the movie with ease. She is a lot of fun watching her holding her own against Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon, the woman and her hook at Penny's richest father, played by Charles Winninger, who had no slouch in stolen scene , either. Alice Brady, who played matrons in rhythm in my Godfrey Man, plays Donna Lyons' mother, who is even more of a gold digger than her daughter. The last of the accomplished farms is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who is in a mixing and entertaining mix is ​​a mistake for Mischa Auer. <br /> Three smart girls keep up well as a light-weight comedy and fun in behavior and mix-ups. So Deanna Durbin as a brand-new star, who with great success he saved the Universal bacon.
