Deanna Durbin really saved Universal from bankruptcy and allowed her to stay a great studio. By 30s among most of the great directors of Universal Milestone example, Browning and Wyler have gone. Only James Whale remained but his prestigious film was behind him. Deanna and Judy Garland appear in a short "Every Sunday" and initially Garland suggested the role of Penny in "Three Smart Girls". When Garland was available Universal Changing Durbin. Initially it was definitely a player supported but his potential was so vividly that the script was rewritten to make it the star. Directed by the Henry Koster film has a European touch. The movie begins with a beautiful panorama of a lake in "Switzerland". "Three smart girls" in the title - three sisters, Joan (Nan Gray), Kay (Barbara Li) and Penny (Deanna Durbin) are surfing and Penny gives his glorious voice to "My Heart Singing". Everything is not too good on the front of the house - Dad is planning to remarry a younger woman (Binnie Barnes) for three girls with the help of their nurses (Lucille Watson) decided to go to New York and meet him and mothers. Lucille Watson is best remembered for her role as Robert Taylor's mother at Waterloo Bridge (1941). Donna is a gold-digger who, with her mother's mother (Alice Brady), is determined to marry Judson Craig (Charles Winninger). For someone who has no Deanna movie experience is wonderful like Penny, a typical room, entertaining sister and she's as beautiful as a picture. When she sings "Someone to care for me" her dad will just melt - what a glorious voice she was. He also has one of the funniest lines in the movie. When her dad console her and "I'll take you to the zoo tomorrow", she replied "Oh I can see enough monkey around here" !!! <br /> With the help of Bill Evans (John King) they decided to hire a "county" (Mischa Auer) in Donna's romance. They arrange to meet in a nightclub but due to Michael Stuart's mix-up (Ray Milland) is making mistakes for the count and Donna falls for him (he thinks he owns half of Australia !!!) Falling for Home and Donna wants to rush her wedding to Judson. Penny decided to take matters into his own hands and ran away. He took to the local police station where he tore the cops and pronounced it to "Bacio" (he was trying to persuade them to be a young opera singer.) Everything happily ends with Mom (Nella Walker) navigating on plaques These up with their father and in the meantime Donna make friends in the county melt (Mischa Auer) and sail over to Australia with him. <br /> <br /> Very recommended.
