I'm surprised at the comments from posters stating that Jane Powell did the same kind of movie Deanna Durbin. Although both young sopranos have films have been produced by Joe Pasternak, if this film is any indication, they were almost polar opposed. <br /> While, in three SMART girls, Durbin plays a thoughtful "Little Miss Fixit," who, after some controversy, manages to meet his divorced parents, in its semi-renewal, THREE DARGHTERS, Jane Powell almost destroyed the marriage between her screen Jeanette MacDonald and her new cow Jose Iturbi when she refused to accept her with her strong brother and sister arm in rejecting her, too. Out of the movie Durbin and Powell I've seen, I'd say these kinds of disparate the movie premiere early in both of these young performers talent. <br /> <br /> As for the durbin's performance of three SMART girls, I find it completely winning, and most impressive. Although it's clear in reading its occasionally and on-the-spot reading of some of the most energetic scenes that this is an early movie for Deanna, watching the self-confident, familiar and naturally bridal way in which he Delivering its lines and doing in general, and the most mild and sensitive it projects the most serious scenes, you would never guess that this was the first movie role of a 14 year-old girl experienced before professional occurred almost only in two years of vocal teaching. <br /> <br /> Given that this film, with Durbin himself, was widely published at this time as "the ultimate universal chance," the output must have been an impossibly stressful situation for a movie novice of any age , D never knows from the ease and durbin insurance show on the screen. Although it's clearly evolving its style of acting and front viewing of the camera (this was equally true of the early performances of many more experienced experiences such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin projects an extraordinary presence and heat on camera that is absolutely unique to her, and, even here, in her first film, she managed to stay incredibly resembling despite the rapidly-tempered pulsing of her character, and even though she's periodically shrill, she's not leg for a second project of the Koy and the kind of vault affects many children's stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young soprano who followed in the wake of his success. <br /> In some, as all great singing stars, Durbin was more than just a "nice voice." On the other hand, while the best lyric Circus Durbin is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument, The most remarkable thing for me is that it is able to project its song, without the slightest bit of affecting or "grandnes" that affects songs from senior opera singers such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in the movie The Period <br /> <br /> The film is also delightful, heavily influenced by vicious comedies, back Durbin up with a cream-of-the-cream of first-class fighter class like Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and fun. True, he hardly "realistically," but why would anyone expect it to be? Optional: "realistic" rent GRAPES OF WRATH or TRIUMPH OF WILL. On the other hand, if you are looking for a genuine, sweet, funny and entertaining family comedy with a beautiful, charismatic and adolescent "adolescent lead", with terrific supporting players, this movie will not let you down.
