Time paradox is the devil's traps for underemployed spirits. Will they enjoy being considered a 'what if?' sort of way. Movie makers and authors have been dealing with this time and again in a host of films and TVs including 'Star Trek: First Contact', 'Back in the Future' Trilogy, 'Bill and Excellent Ted's Adventure,' ' Groundhog 'Day and Stargate SG1 Tribute,' Windows Opportunities'. All 'zombie' Heinlein wrote these decades ago and again he will always turn out to read people short stories for the first time. <br /> In Terry Gilliam's excellent film, '12 monkey ', it's hard to establish what can be continuous problems against plot elements intended to re-think our conception of the movie. Repeated watches will drive us to different conclusions if we keep an open mind. <br /> Some, seeing the movie for the first time, will be considered Cole, played by Bruce Willis, as a schizophrenic. Most will see Cole as a man affected by what Adams described as the 'endless wrenching of experiences' was visited on him by time travel. Unlike other travel stories, '12 monkeys' is unclear whether future stories can be changed by manipulating events in the past. Cole says his psychiatrist, Railly (Madeleine Stowe), this time can not change, but a phone call from the airport is intercepted by scientists after being sent back in 1996, to his own time-line personnel. > <br /> Even this could be interpreted as an event that occurred in a single-line universe, in order to ensure that the time-line did not change ... Cole died before the eyes of his youngest, Self for fate must be realized. If it is in the case, time is like a liquid, it always finds its own level or path, irrespective of the external forces working on it. It boggles the idea to stay on this sort of thing too much. <br /> If you can change events in the future then guide the actions of the power to send people back in time, as we see on the board of the film at the end of the movie, then that means the future can be changed by manipulating past events ... or doing it? The film has probably led to many drunken brawls in bar frequented by physicists and math
