"Twelve Monkeys" are odd and disturbing, but they were so clever and smart at the same time. It cunningly jumps between the future and the past, and the story says it's about a man called James Cole, a convict, who sent back to the past to gather information about a virus made from wiped out 5 billion of the human population on the planet back in 1996. The first Cole was sent back in the 1990's by accident and not harm it is taken to a mental institution where he tried to explain his purpose and his place Satisfied a psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly who is trying to help her, and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and somehow so sensitive, dealing with and between reason and madness, the film is a definite masterpiece of the story of kinetic-fiction films. <br /> <br /> The story is just fantastic. It's original and fun. The scenario written by David and Janet Peoples is inspired by a film entitled "La Jetée" (1962) which I have not seen, but I have to thank the director and writer of the film, Chris Marker, to provide such an inspiration for The writers of "Twelve Monkeys". I read a little about "La Jetée", it's not the same story but it has the same idea, so this is not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great inspirational art into an upgraded story, saying about this urgent need for people to find a solution to maintaining human existence and doing so in a beautiful way with a realist that it's a ride Guaranteed warranty guarantees from beginning to end. The music used in the movie is odd and somehow so funny and entertaining it does not really fit until you really get it and when you realize you're so compelling, composed by Paul Buckmaster. Gilliam, whom we remember from Monty Python, as the director of the film was a real surprise for me, as I really never thought of him as a kind of director of a person. I know he has directed movies before, but I really could not believe he could do something magnificent. It should not be a surprise though, as it does an amazing job. You can still feel the same foreigner as in the Python, but for me to lead is pretty much impeccable even though its odd way of describing things has also made some disturbing scenes. Yes, it is indeed odd, weird, scarce and disturbing, so it also makes the film a bit heavy too, so urgent spectators will probably find it hard to watch the movie all the way through. It's not as heavy as you might imagine, but it just has certain things that in their own goals are sometimes very serious to look. Despite this, the film maintains this intelligence in its interior and in flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and its future mix up the entire story in a very clever way and does not even make the plot to any part , even if it needs concentration from the viewer after all. <br /> <br /> What to do, the movie does not even go wrong. The role of James Cole is played by Bruce Willis, who probably performs his best performance again on date. Now people can agree with me, as he did some good work in for example the "Sense Sense" as well, but for me the role of James Cole was so ideal for Willis and he did it incredibly well. The character is very well written too, yet doing even better. Cole starts questioning his own existence and dealing with himself, starting to question his current time of living, trying to survive and finding important pieces of disappearance of the puzzle. He does not have difficulty starting to abandon his faith, questioning whether he can trust or believe himself. Other performance roles worth mentioning are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, the psychiatrist of James Cole, who sees something strange familiar to Cole and decides to help him cope with his madness. It somehow begins to believe Cole's story but as a believer in science trying to find solutions through it and trying to cope with reason when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and also makes one of his best performances again on date. Strong personality of the yet hilarious darkness of the character brought Pitt even an Oscar nomination for her, so I guess I do not praise the honestly fabulous performance for nothing. <br /> In all, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science-fiction experience and will surely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for the Sci-Fi fans. It includes brilliant characters and superb role performances, especially in Willis and Pitt, with an original and an entertaining story that draws a draw that is smart and smart. But already mentioned strange and disturbing it definitely captures attention to the viewer by making it interesting and witty. It is also an explosive thriller and has romance in it too, so it's all that's the same package and making it one of the best sci-fi motion pictures I've ever seen. Through the odd yet terrific vision of Terry Gilliam she managed to keep herself in balance despite the bumpy bit bit bit somehow stable. Difficult to explain really, but that's how it is, it's mind blowing.
