The story of this film is really remarkable. A loose cut virus and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know now is that the animal land rules above and there are widespread posters that say, "Twelve monkeys have done it." That's right, the human race was hiding underground from the disease that killed more than 500 billion people. Apparently the animals do not deal with this disease. Every day, scientists present try to discover the type of disease that caused this; how it was created; if nature has made it or someone only created it. All they know is that there are a bunch of animals running around the highest city, their deaths began during 1996-1997, and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least what the poster says.) So an actual condemnator named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to find some of the above. After doing his "volunteer" work, he asked to be sent back in time to the year 1996 to figure out what happened in the world. Cole accepts and monkeys history begins. <br /> <br /> Through the car history of time gets the wrong dates quite a few times, since 1990, in some time during the 1950s. (In the middle of a war.) While traveling back and forth, James began to chase up to the top and twist the story up. The whole story was very well done and I would have given it a higher grade if it was not for the end. I personally did not like to finish in the movie and I was very disappointed. I just expected a much more complete explanation then what happened, but it is not everyone who thinks this way. So I gave it an 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as I would give it a 6 or 7. <br /> For all acting in the movie, I give it an A +. Bruce Willis is great for this role and it works fine, but Brad Pitt is completely 100% excellent. Acting it is so great, he gets into the character so well. I never really took care of Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and Fight Club. There are characters or similar in this movie, he is just a little more ... crazy in this movie. So in general I think this movie is completely worth checking out. For most people it is a great science fiction movie, I just do not think it's a masterpiece.
