I can not decide if this is one of my favorite movies. It's a good thriller and it has an emotional core but I still can not decide. I definitely liked it. This is the first film of Terry Gilliam that I saw. My first impression? I was engaged until the very end and it is not all that complex (to be confused). The film is set in the future. A man James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent out in the future in order to obtain some information from the past (1996 to be specific). A virus killed 5 billion people. It sends out the future to get some information about it. Also involved here is a psychiatrist named Kathryn Railly. The love story is described very well and you can really feel the longing in this love and longing for a regular life. The loopholes are tied in a very interesting way to the end. One thing I liked about this movie is that unlike other post-apocalyptic movies, the film did not prefer to give any social boring comment and rather focus on this guy one and longing for it for a regular life. "You want to see the sea, be it" is especially an intense line of this movie. He chooses to focus on the tension and confusion of the person's head. Therefore, it is not exactly Apocalyptic movie post but instead it could be described as a romantic movie movie movie with themes that vary from travel time to reality and so on. This is what makes this movie a special movie in the 1990s. The complex scheme flows without adding too many characters. <br /> <br /> Performance is good. Bruce Willis amazed me here as he did not act the regular guy here but gave a good performance to a confused man who is in love. His despair is in certain sequences described very well. I have to check out his other movies. The superb Madeleine Stowe is quite a treat to look. EVer since I saw this film, I became so obsessed with him. He gave a great performance to a woman who sympathized with her patient and finally fell in love with her. Brad Pitt is the real surprise though and painted in a crazy man called Jeffrey Goines. Oscar nomination performance is quite surprising to consider that he does not have much criticism that has nice words for him. <br /> <br /> The end is quite refreshment and that's also another reason to watch the movie. The length or complexity is not as big as a problem because this film is quickly moving and has enough incident to keep people interested. And every incident in this film has a meaning and nothing that is needed. <br /> <br /> Good luck 10/10
