NB: Spoilers at. This great film is "over" many things, all of them successfully: siki-travel time, psychological unstable, dystopian society, syndrome what is real, gradual abusing belief systems, worldwide bioterrorism, and a love story . <br /> <br /> The layoffs in the line braided line up the loads in heated debate - witness the discussions at this site; or, as an extreme, check out the thesis at www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. Whew! These temporal emphasis speak mostly of the brilliant plot, from the magnificent work of writers David and Janet Peoples, not to mention the inspiration of Chris Marker's "La Jetee." Without a doubt, this is one of the most successful successes, fascinating time-travel ever conceived. But there are many other levels here. The Real Movie Genius is focusing on the nasty side effects of the time-traveling by yourself at James Cole (Bruce Willis, doing the best job in her career here). His journey progressed from gung-ho-hunting warriors to gradually unhinged victims? and back again. Other major bullets in the story are increasingly emphasizing the personal story between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly (Wonderful Madeleine Stowe). I love the same simultaneous shifting / opposite views of these two characters. For me it all comes to a head in the hotel fleabag room room. At that point, James ?? once gripped by an unbridged determination ?? now slipping into skepticism about his own reality; while Dr. Railly ?? The fresh and rational scientist ?? has finally become wildly convinced, after absorption of James's evidence, in his terrible predictions. Her despair reached Jak and hang on the mission to show how far she came. <br /> <br /> Gilliam takes care of these characters, especially in the crescendo of tense lives. The balance between emotional roller coaster and mounting sci-fi puzzle / thriller is exquisite. And the departure from the airport is heart-poundingly intense because we see it coming so clearly in James's dream. It is here, just after James has decided to leave the whole garbage ?? and is fighting his frenzy more than ever? that it steps back up to the plate and does what is needed for humanity. See Jose and the gun ?? (Just before referring to the "Vertigo" Hitchcock and switching / confusion identity is brilliant.) This is a movie to be worn out between people thinking; he not only kept repeating repeatedly, he asked them. "Twelve Monkeys" is smart, provocative, scary, funny, and thrilling. <br /> <br /> Throw in support is excellent, especially Brad Pitt steals all of its scenes and shows great flexibility as Jeffery Goines, crazy and spoiled, but all the time survivors. And David Morse as Dr Peters (interestingly how the film simply leaves his mechanical motivation viewer) and Christopher Plummer as Dr. Goines. But the biggest hugs belong to Terry Gilliam, beyond here - just barely - his outstanding "Brazil." (Many in parallel, of course, especially the lonely fighter trying to escape his drooping environment: the lunacy, lunacy without.) Each frame of this movie has its unique stamp and tone. The soundtrack is terrific, too. This is one of the great achievements of the 90s, a true favorite of me, and be sure to keep up for a long time to come.
