Normally I try to avoid sci-fi movies as much as I can, because this just is not a genre that really appeals to me. Light sabers, the UFO, aliens, travel time ... most of the time it does not matter to me. However, there is a movie in the genre that I will always give somewhere in my list of top movies and that's "Twelve Monkeys" I remember to be completely blown by it first, but even now, after seeing it Several times already, I'm still one of her biggest fans. Whenever I see it, this movie seems to get better and better. <br /> Somewhere in the future far all people live underground because an unknown and lethal virus wiped out five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the living population. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and chooses as a 'volunteer' to be sent back in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic. It is believed that it was spread by a mysterious group called 'Twelve Monkeys' and needed the virus before it mutated, so that scientists can study it. But the time traveling car does not work perfectly again and is accidentally sent in 1990, where he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, the son of a famous scientist and virus expert ... <br /> <br /> What I like about this film is the fact that it's never clear if everything you see is real or not. Is it just an illusion, created by yourself in a mental ill man or is it real? Is it really out of the future and can really travel in time? Did the population really wiped out by a virus, liberated by the army in the duplicate monkeys? These are all questions that will let you ask from the beginning until the end. If the musicians in this movie chose to make it all more obvious, I'm sure I would never have liked it as much as I did now. It's just that mysticism that keeps me interested in time after time. But this is not just the right thing about this movie of course. The act is amazing too. Normally I'm not too fond of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was just amazing. Together with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt it should have several prizes for her, because together with the amazing story, this film was so incredibly well-off. Even after watching several, I'm still a big fan of this movie. Except for this movie, I saw only another Terry Gilliam movie and this, "scared and praised in Las Vegas", that was not bad, but did not really convince me either. However, it's this movie that really makes me look forward to its other work. I give it a 9/10, maybe even a 9.5 / 10.
