Terry Gilliam and David Peoples 'associate up to create one of the most clever and creative science fiction cinemas in the' 90's. People have proved a scenario with rare twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time ?? I especially love the one idea can not change the past; is it a nice counterpart for many time-travel movies that say otherwise? biological biological and thin lines between sanity and madness. Gilliam has visualized his ideas with iniquity, perfection and originality. <br /> The story itself engages: one person, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a heart-heated performance) traveled several decades in the past to retrieve information about a virus in wiping humanity and leaving only a living survivor living underground: and the information it will collect, scientists expect to get a cure for everyone in the future can return to the surface. But because time-traveling technology is not perfect, it ends up being sent towards different passages and complicating things. And from that a thrilling thrill science fiction and shades of film noirs as the multiple pieces of a starting start begin fitting together to form a rare narrative involving animal rights activist, at the end of the millennium, biological weapons, perception of reality , and the definition of sanity. With a movie this complex, it was easy for Gilliam and Peoples to create a mess, but instead Twelve Monkeys is a thought-provoking narrative that will please those who love to challenge and have patience to appreciate some crazy ideas. <br /> I watch this movie once around 10 years ago. It has been very significant to me: I remember always thinking about several days after ward; For my teenage mind this seemed quite head-blowing and it was one of the first movies to make me appreciate movies as something serious and important. I've watched this movie a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered it. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes she's in, playing Jeffrey Goines ?? Almost a prelude to Tyler Durden's character in Fight Club ?? a wealthy kid with some anarchist / non-compliant ideas in both crazy and, according to Cole, may be responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the madhouse are the best of the movie, Pitt's eyes, voices and original originally convinced you it is really a crazy guy close to a logical deformation only he understands. Pitt Oscar nomination was well deserved! Amazing Bruce Willis' performance was also: I do not remember very well, but it's nice and full of tenderness; He plays a man who has spent almost all his life underground, and when it comes to the past you will share his children's passion with something simple like breathing fresh air in the morning or watching the sun up. Cole is a rather ambiguous character, Peoples has tried to immerse some of his darkness, and has done disturbing things to others and to himself: the scene where he pulls his own teeth reveals how far his dementia has gone unlimited. Ironically Cole did not start as a crazy character, but when he started to warn everyone about the end of the world, he was considered crazy and convinced it to all in his head until he reached a point when he can not distinguish The future past, fact from fiction. Willis spends a lot of time getting confused and insecure, and it works perfectly. One of the fun twists in the narrative is when Cole's delay, Dr. Kathryn Railly, finds evidence that he can not deny it really in the future and now has convinced him again in his mission to save the world. The scenario is full of strange twists like this and it holds the movie at a fast pace. Relationships are also well-handed, although maybe somewhat compressed for the sake of time. But I liked watching Cole and Railly fell in love and trying to escape the future authorities to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things are finished in a tragic / bittersweet largest at an airport, wrap all the pieces together, which will blow many minds away. There are two big fingers in this movie, a Se7en twist or Fight Club, with a more intimate finish where Railly is lying beside Cole who was just shot and looking around for a little James Cole who is witnessing his own future your head; The share of a brief look, and it smiles at him. The twist is brilliant, but I prefer this end to emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe is very good playing Dr. Railly, she has drawn many different emotions from me in her performance. The movie is full of a sense of fatalism and the past idea can not be changed: this movie shows that in a dire way. He reminds me of Chinatown in this sense, Jake Gittes way to unlock everything up the more he tries to help. Railly's character is fatalism, the more she tries to help Cole ?? first to cope with her 'madness' then help him in his mission ?? The more they are sucking into tragedy. <br /> <br /> The twist ends with a hope note, though, with the mission feeling the Cole was not in vain. Twelve Monkeys are a great movie to watch if one wants to be entertained; It does not assume art, although it is more artistic than many artistic movies. It's a unpretentious film where all elements, from music to suit costume editing, etc., have come together very well to produce a modern cinema masterpiece.
