Without a doubt, 12 MONKEY is one of the best films in the sci-fi genre and director Terry Gilliam is no stranger to crawling into the originality of these cinemas. An apocalyptic movie that keeps you completely spellbound, 12 MONKEYS never lets up and has your guess all the way at all. Excellent use of Philadelphia locales and netherworld sets create a gothic sense of tragedy and two people keep in the wrong place. <br /> <br /> Bruce Willis night image his macho and shows a true knife that happens to be right about all that will happen. It is actually lucid, but the people of the future (or present if you will) deform this guy so badly in time travel, do not be surprised to unravel. It gets sent to the First World War just after bing sent in the wrong year to find out how the Army of Twelve Monkeys pulled on the annihilation of civilization as we know it. They finally find it right and in what truly a remarkable storyline to match the performance, we get to see Willis, Madeleine Stowe and a menacing Brad Pitt cross-referenced over the course of 6 years. <br /> is socially and solid as the risk-taking delinquent person who slowly begins to realize that Willis may not be as clever up as it seems. A fascinating element of the relationship between it and Willis is their sense of "seeing" each other before, elsewhere or time. 12 MONKEY is essentially about time and madness of the futuristic people plunged into it and the times of the present when killer and a psychotic genius can change the world. <br /> <br /> The city of brooding in Philadelphia is a black and gothic set for Willis' consciousness to complete its mission which, against all Hollywood stereotypes, does NOT save the world. It is gathering information. The movie plays tricks on the viewer as well, putting Willis in a new environment in the drop of a pin. This must have been a very difficult photo to do, but Gilliam seems to be the master of making-boiled film making. It even drops in some humor reminiscent of other great works such as bandwidth, and Brazil. The screen is the man's canvas and he knows how to paint a sometimes frightening picture of the world and the future possible in the mainstream atmosphere of large-budget films. If you want to dig sincerity and ironic tragedy, see 12 monkeys. <br /> Rating: 9 of 10
