There is a story (possibly apocryphal) on an exchange between Bruce Willis and Terry Gilliam at the start of Twelve Monkeys. Jilliam (allegedly) produced a long list (thinking about one of the Fifth Elements) and was handed it to Butch Bruce. He was entitled "Things Bruce Willis Did It When It Was Acts". He ended up with a simple message saying "please do not make any of the above in my movie". <br /> There is a reality on this movie (definitely true). Jilliam did not have a hand in the writing. <br /> I would prove that these two factors have played a major role in creating extraordinary success (if not commercial) that are monkeys. <br /> Vision, Twelve Monkeys are all we have right to come to expectations in a Gilliam movie. It is also full of Gilliamesque surrealism and general (but magnificent) unusual. Jilliam delights in his hearing-impaired audience. Although the end of the Twelve Monkeys will surprise no one sitting in the real first, Gilliam borrows heavily from Kafka through the mechanism, bureaucratic relentless movements of the characters towards fate. It is this journey, and the developments are the underlying characters. <br /> I love Gilliam movie (Brazil, in particular). But they all tend to suffer from the same weakness. It seems they have a lot of ideas, and very enthusiastic, that his film almost invariably ends as a tangled mess (Brazil, in particular). I still maintain that Brazil is Gilliam's tour of strength, but there is no denying that the Twelve Monkey is a breath of fresh air at the tight-drawn department. Style, substance and shape seem to merge in a way not usually seen in the ancient python. <br /> Whatever the truth of the rumor above, Gilliam also managed to get a first rate (and highly atypical) performance from the bald one. Bruce is excellent in this movie, as it is all the cast, particularly a bonkers bonkers - and very scary - Brad Pitt. <br /> It was about a decade since this film was released. When I looked at her again, I realized that she was not really aged. I have changed, of course. Then this made me look at the movie with cool eyes. This seems to me to be a fitting tribute to a movie that, in part at least, is about reflection of mirrors, changing perspectives and the one-way absurd journey in time that we all do. A first rate movie. 8/10.
