History about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future has been around for ages, since the creation of many science fiction as a genre for each. The fact that the society today is responsible for what can become the future of the near future, and that our own abuse and refusal to see what is right in their eyes is in the very center of all these stories, they are good or bad. Terry Gilliam of course is a natural for this kind of movie. He gives the film a decadent feel at all, showing a society running torn by its own exception and carrying out a sense of imminent tragedy despite having moments of comedy. His world, the world in which TWELVE translucent monkeys, is a place where mad runs wild, where cities are falling into caverns and negligence, where all reeks in foreboding despite liminozite in the opening sequence, where madness looms in each corner. This is a very dark but very beautiful movie, most linear (despite the drawn draws that keep up the test), and one that gets better and repeats the view. <br /> A tragic event in which a highly dangerous virus was lit on humanity in 1996 and thus led to the extermination of life on the planet as we knew it led to scientists in the future to try and make compensation for fate The humanity on Earth is not employed by citizen rebels - the Earth - like guinea pigs go back in time, among them one James Cole (underplayed great effect by Bruce Willis). Cole could be anyone. We do not know anything about it, but in a way that does not matter since it is little more than one of many expendable volunteers and suggestions of his character sneaking in later as it gets closer to fulfilling his mission. What we know is that it is a man who dreams, and his dream may have been reality: it may have already been at the scene of the Event in 1996. <br /> It's in this constant sense of already-tailed catch up all the movie. Being taken to a mental ward by mistake in 1990, he met Jeffrey Goines (spastically played by Brad Pitt, Oscar-nominated here) who frantically spews talking about bankruptcy and destruction, and later Cole believed he saw Goines in her recurring dream as a man pushes a boy aside while escaping ... what? He does not know. Then he meets a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of his first reactions is that he's crazy, and that he's seen it first. This becomes a notion that runs through his involvement in this story from the passive / rugged active and even a little insane believing one that is coming this way, especially when it meets him six years later: he saw Cole before. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream she has caught in which she also plays a part as a blond woman running down the go, screaming for help, after the shots were blown out with a particular red-headed man led in a ponytail (Jeffrey Goines?) Apparently escaped, not before pushing the little boy who is an innocent instinct. Questions are raised: have these events occurred? Will they happen? Who is really part of this, or better yet - is everyone, down to the youngest player, part of a major draw? Or is this some trick in the fabric of time in which the time itself is one big conveyor belts that show the repetition of fragments of events that slip by over and over again? These questions are formulated in a masterful sequence consisting of the key scenes of Victor Vittigo of Alfred Hitchcock in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns his own short existence ("You have not received any notice," he said, as Cole and Railly look at the places in the movie theater are hidden in). Snippets of dialogue from VERTIGO form a foil in the dialogue between Railly and Cole and later, when Cole got out of it apparently destroyed in the theater and went looking for Railly, he came face-to-face with it to disguise ( looking almost like Eva Maria Saint from NORTH BY NORTHWEST) as the swimmer Bernard Herrmann notes playing the emergence of Judy Barton, dressed like Madeleine Elster. It's a fascinating sequel, more so because of the most improbable incident in the names of the actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly who donates a blonde peach and gray sliver-dress and calls himself "Judy Simmons" while They will help a "crazy" person named James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective that attempts to help Madeleine Elster "crazy" who will later re-appear at once, but twice, first as Judy Barton, and later, like Madeleine. Action and re-enact, play and re-play.
