Just kidding, I rent 12 monkeys the other day because I'm a big fan of Bruce Willis and I hear some things about the movie. There are some good and some bad, but it was one of those films you had to pay attention to every second, so I was a bit worried. Just because I felt like for a minute if this was going to be one of those films that I had to watch several times to get. But I watched it last night and I was really impressed, this film had everything in it: action, drama, sci-fi, story, black humor, and even a little romance. The actors all made a terrific job, I give a lot of credit to Bruce, during his scene of the car and his psychiatrist, he really happened to me. But Brad Pitt, I just wondered and how much of a great job she did. He was not about to make his character, who was crazy, and just did it work and was very credible. The story was just scary, but very good and a waking call. <br /> James Cole is a man in the future where a virus burst into the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived including it. Animals are now ruling the earth above when people are below, but scientists send James to the past in 1990 (really meant to send it to '96), to find out about the virus information. James gets put into a mental institution new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goines. He tells them the future, of course no one believes it, and goes back to the future. But scientists sent him back to the correct year where the doctor was kidnapped by James, but he said more, and believed him. Now they are set on trying to prevent the virus from ever happening. <br /> <br /> 12 monkeys were an incredible movie. As I said the story was so scary just because it's not at all hard to believe that we are far beyond what's happening. But the entire movie was just big, the cast, the sets just the whole picture was a big one. He had a kind of Terminator to feel it where we might drop something precious a day, ourselves if we do not listen to others. What is right and wrong? What do you know? But I would highly recommend 12 monkeys, it's a big movie that if you give it the chance, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
