Gilliam's fantastic story, twisted into a virus destroys all but a handful of people across the Earth and forced them to move underground and the man sent back in time to gather information about it is a fantastic movie, dizzying, and pretty stylized Bruce Willis' best performance ever. <br /> <br /> What sets 12 monkeys apart from time-traveling sci-fi movies is that Bruce Willis characters actually deal with what the psychological effects of time-travel, that is, do not know which reality is Real facts: where the traveler's time comes from or goes on. Also, the film recognizes that things that have past can not change and that the prevention of a cataclysmic event, in this case the release of the virus, can not stop or change. As Willis pretends to "It has already happened," while in a mental hospital, the biggest dilemma of trudges in the film is not a trite, scheme transferred to save the world; instead of Willis' interior wrestling simply survived. It is a beautiful, innovative concept, and it works very well thanks to a script that is printed by unique Peoples and Gilliam's brand of dementia. <br /> <br /> In addition to this, the 12 monkey's story is totally non-linear and instead the distorted and curved way the story is said to be skillfully incorporating a savvy in different time sequences: flashbacks, dreams, memories, the present, the past, the future, and even a scene that arose from the Vertigo Hitchcock. Everyone uses to wrap the viewer into its disturbing cacophony of madness and ignorance. Visually, Gilliam is a master of humorous desolation and shadow rivaling Tim Burton into his tremendous despair and imagery. With cold, wide, and immersive cinematography, Gilliam plunges into the colorless and dark surroundings of his character. Scenes are often immersed in a strange antiseptic, dead white and help serve as a contrast to the characters often veering-on-madness. <br /> <br /> Performance-wise, Brad Pitt steals the most scenes, filling them with a patented off, performance-in-the-wall that deserves to win an Oscar nomination. As mentioned, Bruce Willis gives the best performance in his career, not returning to his heroic clicks and cartoon heroes instead of describing Cole as a simple, intelligent, tragic everyman. Equally good is Madeline Stowe as Willis' psychologist. He keeps his own, injects his character with both the wild and strong energy as it collapses beneath the weight of what he comes to believe is a false religion. <br /> <br /> Gilliam's expert, overwhelming, and complex handling of what could be a routine movie / sci-fi to make 12 monkeys a compelling vision of a nightmare, futuristic landscape. It's rich, well-thought, intricate scenario along with bravura performance from the entire cast and its brooding, sinema scrap making it a masterpiece of madness. Placed in my top 10 of all time, 12 monkeys are a spectacular dark spectacle of a brimming and bright film. <br /> 10 out of 10
