Unlike popular beliefs, this title, at least, is not so bad. In fact. I regard it as a favored movie ever. The welding of stories was not structured too well when you consider the difference between the series, however despite all this, you can watch it quite happily. For a feature film in its day, the scenes are quite proportional and the characters remain always credible. <br /> <br /> The sound / audio track is a personal favorite of me. Almost everything has a correct sound effect and lots of voices to suit the characters better than them, now seriously dropping US dub, counterparts. The five is perfect in each shot. I had a few problems with the casting for the 'aliens' voices (please forgive the name, it was a while since I saw it). Otherwise, the cast seemed perfectly balanced. I feel and I believe in the characters in this movie. Dubs are often a topic I rarely agree with. I liked the OSD from back then but the castings often left set series. <br /> At that point I would like to add that this was one of the first animated I've seen in my life. It had historic value for me, but even after seeing the original Megazone 23 it remained stronger and more looked at my collection. To know the title only ever he did it in the U.S. in Texas. Personally I think it's a great shame. The correct hearing was subject to it, I think the Robotech movie was accepted and not over the years. I am involved with everyday animation in my life and everyone I showed this movie thought she was a nicely put together title. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie after its separate components will allow the viewer to notice the obvious draw hole between shows. However, without the original view, a viewer would not really notice. Since the animation is identical in style, there was no reason to question it back in its day. The UK had very limited access to the animated. Laser discs were the most productive media. I personally love how Carl's had the balls at least pushing the genre. I mean Harmony did not want to put the money for the series to get published. Despite some angry people who had this movie, the eighties felt in it keeping me in love. If you look at Megazone 23 now, in its original Japanese original, or the new dub, I believe you will be greatly disappointed with the OSD. Put your spirit back to the original Bubblegum Dub Kriz and imagine eighty new E.V.E. He says it all. The popularity of this movie nowadays is likely to go down into its rarity on the open market. Personally, it spawned a collection for me. I now sweeten the world for goods from the three elements that made it, and if I ever get to meet Carl Macek, sickly shake his hand for the effort, and buy him a painter or a coffin to receive me in anime.
