An intriguously bold film wash the camerawork seemingly easy with some superb castings and an explosive band to trace the damaging effects of the crime and corruption of Santiago's midfielder on 2 naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. The first film Daniella Rios is the seductive Gracia erotic dancer, working in the nightclub owned by facing new mini-wave of Chilean film production, Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, played matured by Nestor Cantillana, is easily convinced to become Trejo's lead poison, after a night in the box to celebrate the youngest birthday of Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda) seventeen birthday. From the established shot at this opening stage, the film exploding neo-noir exploration all over the world outside is usually expected to see in this country for stereotypically conservative and catholic. Gracia's charm of seduction attracted three men like bee honey, although the circular narrative of fantasy romance in three-way revolves around the linear image of major international drug deal between the Trejo and 'Gringo a ', Eduardo Barril. Relationship may become a vital term, as the societies of society are merged into a miniature family. The prostitute maintains an exotic spell on all of the Chilean people in the movie, emerging from its limiting position in the society's periphery, and sees it as keeping the key in the future of all three people. The relationship between Trejo and Cantillana becomes crucial, as the boys' parents are discouraged by their absence (one supposed to be still living in Temuco). That is why it is Trejo, el Padrino, who 'adopt' Cantillana, and effectively 'do it' as a city man. Miranda rapidly becomes despicable outsider, as her dependence on her father's face, Cantillana, becomes increasingly exaggerated by jealousy on Gracia's beautiful. However, Miranda remains blocked by the constraint of always being in school - it is dependent on Cantillana, who rely on Trejo, for the money to survive. Trejo, in turn, is under the thumb of the 'Gringo', and his wealth has accumulated in dealing with drugs and well as its strip club. The figure of Gracia acts as a time bomb to see it as a beautiful fireworks, wrapping a web of beauty inside the patriarchy, but the strain can only lead to one bigger point. As the tensions in these relationships may come to mind, Gracia remains elusive embroidery. The viewer does not make sure the man's face is going to commit. The film tragic finishes with explosives in a shoot out that rejuvenates power relationships and deletes the major half male protagonists. The final shot of Miranda's beat face speeding down the PanAmericano's highway is desperate. The boy was sucked in by luring the city's midfielder, yet lost his only visible family, and his wife, who is his only friend in the movie. It's nothing. Metaphorically pretend they are bold and brave. This is a gangster movie in Chile. The nons of family, no sex before marriage, etc., are abolished, and instead the harsh realities of the other side of Santiago's coin will appear in the glory of the wild. Trejo beat Rios brutality, Rios and Miranda make love in a movie theater cinema - a whore whose sex with a minor she barely knows. The 'Gringos' are seen to have a financial hold on this small Latin American nation, but not in the copper mines, in the illegal way of drugs. The Waissbluth triumph is in his presentation of this black bite, which raises many social questions, perhaps more successful than the success of Recordo Con Amor, who is in a slide, filmmaker in a movie that puts film This firmly belongs to Sexo Con Amor, Tara Para Tres, and El Sentimental Chacotero, as evidence of Cinemas that Chile is well and truly artistic alive and kicking in the post-transition period 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.
