Director / writer Andrés Waissbluth has worked seven years to complete this two-hour film on crime grounds in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps one of the reasons why this film looks like episodic and needs correction. OR, maybe this is the technique of a director showing a fine sense in the movie Noir Wood. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - the Silvio senior (Nestor Cantillana) and the youngest Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda) - were moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of parents and Silvio jobs to support education Victor a. On Victor's seventy-seven year Silvio took the girl out of the clubs where he encouraged Victor to lose his girl and one of the club's strippers / prostitutes. In a tender Victor scene must face his nervous importance while Silvio is out on the club floor to impress the owners' and potential for hire. Silvio goes to work for the 'gang' as a bodyguard and makes good money to support Victor's school. But Victor has eyes for one of the dancers in the club named Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and starts wooing him, dropping out of the school that makes Madvil's angry concentration. Gracia just happens to press into the club's gang leader Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo) who is Silvio's boss! Gracia is the glue that keeps this story together as it is the paramour of Victor, Silvio, and Don Pascual and the consequences of this scarce girlfriend has a very dangerous result. Through a means of re-telling the story of the eyes Victor, Silvio, and Gracia we grow to understand the vulnerabilities and the cracks in each character that allows for the fall of the results. Chilean Tomb Fiction? Well, it is and is filmed in a colorful, dark way that includes a lot of gonorrhea (both girls and boys) and sexual provocative encounters. But at the end of the senior aspect of the director's vision is what drives this movie, playing on the debutant virgin psyche against the hardcore professional sex worker and success. Throw is fairly strong, especially Antonella Ríos in the role that requires Gracia. There are enough twists and turns and rattle in your incident to think you understand the first look but that changed dramatically in impact when said in the eyes of a different character. Bordering over two hours, some judicial corrections would help the impact of the film. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who love the film movie noir movie with the art of South American cinema. Grady Harp
