*** SPOILERS *** On the first WWII cinema from Hollywood showing how the war made these GI efforts, or in this case the US Marines, who fought in it. <br /> <br /> 21-year-old Al-Schmid, John Garfield, has just begun to live with a well-paid work-earning some $ 40.00 a week-in local steel mills and girls Ruth Hartley, Elenore Parker, whom he was about to marry when the japs ​​spoiled everything for him, and millions of Americans likewise, attacked the U.S. Pacific Fleet in Pearl Harbor. Do her homework as an American citizen Al immediately alongside the US Marine Corps hoping to get back to the japs ​​knowingly, as it turned out, that Marines would be the first combat American units to get a crack in them. /> <br /> Al finally got his chance when his unit, the Marine Marine Division, landed on August 7, 1942 in the distant Guadalcanal cast Salomon Islands to engage the Japanese who were in control of it. It was during the Battle of the River Ilu that almost one release stopped a massive Japanese banzai attack caught off, with his car weapon, wave after suicide attack wave by the jacks to determine until help, or reinforcement, finally arrived . It was during the bloody battle Al be hit in face by a Japanese grenade who ended dazzling him. Now, back in the conversational states of a hospital Naval Al is faced with something far harder to overcome then fighting a battalion attack of Japanese or German soldiers. He faced with a future where he will never see again and has had to depend on others to look after, or for, him! <br /> <br /> We get to see in the film "Pride of the Marines" Al fighting himself far harder then he made the Japanese troops about Guadalcanal just coming to terms with his disability. Do not want anyone, especially Ruth's girlfriend, to be sorry for her in fact is one of those who feels sorry for herself more then anyone else in the movie. It is with the help of Marin Pfeiffer, Rosemary DeCamp, and Ruth along with his American diamond sailor Diamond Lee, Dane Clark, who in the end gives courage to face his blindness and the same force that he faced wave after wave of Japanese troops on Gudalcanal. A courageous Al thought he was lost to God who left the hell of the South Pacific. <br /> <br /> Based on the true story of U.S. Navy Sergeant Albert Schmid's "Pride of the Marines" showed what we expected from tens of thousands of US wounds to come back from the war. We get to see how it's in many ways was far more difficult for those fighting the war to adjust in a peaceful America by leaving something, as in the case of Al Schmid, behind the battlefield. Battle of Al with his personal demons was a lot more difficult then the Japanese that he was fighting at being part of it and thus had to fight himself in order to overcome and eventually defeat them. Despite her help from both Virginia and Ruth's girlfriend as well as her Marine doctor-with a striking resemblance to Gregory Peck-she still went through Al to confront the fears she faced. Fears that he and only he was in both fights and overcome, as he says by everyone in the movie, all alone.
