No one would argue that this 1945 war movie war was a prince. (How could any 1945 war film be a prince?) But this is a very effective storytelling of a true story, that of Al-Schmidt, clogs on Guadalcanal, as played by John Garfield, who spent days wearing a blindfold takes the nuances of a blind person's actions. Robert Leckie, in "my pillow case," derives Schmidt's popularity in favor of his foxhole mate, who died, writes that "the country must have lived hero." <br /> Well, I suppose the country did. And there was one here. There is a single combat scene in the movie, tied to many of the studios, which lasts only ten minutes or so, and occurs less than half of the movie instead of being saved for the best point, but it is the scary hideous The most realistic of men under fire that I can remember was seen on screen, including those of "Private Ryan Saving". Men call and scream, cry to each other and to the enemy, and bleed and die, without the help of color, stereophonic sound, squibs, or gore. <br /> Simply from a techno point of view, film is exceptional. Not only do we learn how to complicate a mechanism .30 caliber, water-cooled brush machine weapons, or that it must be fired in bursts of just a few rounds, or that it does not swing around like a tire fire, as in many other movie films. The technical precision adds to the quality fruit scene. The wooden needles in short bursts are terrible when dozens of shrieking enemies are poured through a creek fifty feet away with the sole purpose of exterminating you and your fellow comrades from prison in a small gun hamster. The performances are solid, if not bravura, including those of the ubiquitous support of 1940, John Ridgeley, and a radiant, youthful Eleanor Parker. The story of the framed love is spare, but it works, and finally it is well moving. A string of strikes is included. It's not Bunuel, but for a 1945 film routine, it stands out as original and efficient. <br /> <br /> Albert Maltz can replace the script, or it can change another person. He could use the type of cut that could have introduced some unambiguous needs. Still, there are unknown poetic verbs that have a surprising impact on the viewer - "Why does not God strike me dead?" And, "In the eyes, Lee. Get 'em in the eyes!" Depth of anguish in a few words cornea. With a surprising amount of bitterly expressed in veterans injured in a 1945 war film. Notes that might seem fake to a contemporary visualizer but perhaps would not be: traditional dated that it is difficult to believe so many of today's kids could Thoughts have actually been spoken - "Private," "Dope", "Drip," "Gee," "you mute coot," "Dame," "a swollen guy," and "feel sorry for yourself." The historical context and we must be kind to our judgment. At this time, some of this jumping lingo was at the cutting edge. <br /> <br /> Real weak points? Wounded veterans get together and discuss each other on how much of a collective future they have and the argument is oversimply settled with a conclusion on the lines of, "Just because you have a silver plaque in mind does not mean people will think you are an evil person. "Sometimes voice overs and silent prayers are both unnecessary and inimaginable outright. "Please, God, let him come back to me," and that kind of thing. <br /> <br /> Well, the movie makers have been operating in the constraints of the times. Maybe that's why the final fence is on a shot at Independence Hall and the inspirational tensions of the "Beautiful America" ​​swirling in the back. <br /> <br /> None of this can defeat the movie's virtues, which is considerable, particularly the impact of this terrible combat scene. It's not about TV often. If you have a chance, do not mean getting it.
