I did not see this film of probably 35 years, so when I first noticed that he went on TV (cable) again for the first time in a very long time (not available on video), i was Make sure I did not miss it. And unlike many other films that seem to lose their glamor when finally see it again, I get the visual images of "pride of the navy" being as lively and effective as I first remembered. What is this movie so special, anyway? <br /> <br /> All. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and his marine equipment sailor companion team in the Battle of Tenaru River on Guadalcanal in November, 1942, the scenario remained 95% true in the book on which it was based, "Al Schmid , Navy "by Roger Butterfield, varies only enough to satisfy the time constraints in a motion picture. This is not a typical "movie war" where the action is central, and indeed the war stage is a short 10 minutes or so in the middle of the movie. But it is a memorable 10 minutes, filmed in the lowest possible light to describe a night fight, and is devoid of the mocking or falsely heroes who usually plagues the genre. In a way probably ahead of its time, the natural drama of what happened was more than enough to convey the strong, ugly audience, the brutal nature of battle, and probably shocked hearers when he saw right after the war. This film is not about "glorified" war; I can not imagine anyone who sees the battle scene and wants to engage in the service. Not right, anyway. What this movie really worries is the consequence of fighting, and how damaged people can learn to re-claim their lives. There's an excellent hospitality scene where dozens of people are discussing this, and I feel it's another reason the movie was so well received - it was exceptionally well written. There is a sequence of "dreams" of inverse (negative film) that looks almost experimental, and the act is strong, too, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and Schmid were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn as much as he could about the man and his role . The actors do not do much yet, but add to the equation, it's just another reason that this film succeeds in saying such a difficult, unpleasant story.
