In the area of ​​movies based off of scenario from some other area (or whatever the title for which Oscar is), "holes" have been credited. I think it is best to have the author create the scenario because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a scenario to save their lives, then there is the author with a talented talented person in the screenwriting created. In addition, this review is about "hole". The reason to start here with a spoiler can be found in. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent author and it seems that he can write a scenario. I watched the movie and then read the book and both did not reek inconsistencies or stupidity. Some people just have natural talents that can be transcended. (2) The best performance award goes to Shia LaBeouf to paint it as the main character. He "digs" himself into the role. I wanted to see her character justified before the conclusion. (3) To hack the suspension a bit, Andrew Davis brought in. This is the man who made Harrison Ford running hard and running fast. He can also make Steven Seagal fight some chefs. As for this movie, he did Shia and the rest of the boys dig some holes. In other words, it can make a "action-packed" movie and do it well though "action" is not the main genre is "action." (4) My second favorite performance goes Jon Voight as Sir Sir. Sometimes a goofy role brings out the best of a scene. When Voight told the line "Once upon a time ..." I had to laugh for half a minute because it was so funny. He is able to comedy and he should investigate a few more roles that let him exercise this talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid whenever he receives a solid script. This is probably the second best role I've seen him in (second only to 'Where Are You?'). (6) I like the choice of settings for the movie. I did not know that California was dry or potent. I guess the population and land areas both can lie. (7) The overall look of the film makes me want another bottle of water. One could imagine digging a hole in this area can be borne for half a day. (8) The rest of the throw should be worth a box of Kudos as well. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the remainder of the bill were exploited because of their talent and was very pleased. Greatly thrown even though it was anywhere near the ensemble. (9) I like a movie that does not explain anything right away. When Stanley was clocking at the top and these peeled baseballs, she made me want to see how strange events can be found and that's a key ingredient to make a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (by Touchstone, DISNEY !!) need to make a few more of the juvenile mature films. She was tired of me and I'm a college student. The latest young juvenile Disney movie I saw was "Something wicked this way to come" and "holes" possibly exceeded it (like the election in 2000, it's still close to calling). Disney can do magnitude if they decide to expand on this genre and keep artistic in mind about treating a cash cow when viewed. Ten reasons to give a ten score! <br /> In all, "Hole" is one of my favorite Disney films and probably one of the best this year (given this film by Oscar's material, but anyone saying Oscar material is the material Better?). In terms of being a movie in a book I read, this ran behind "Fight Club" on my list (which is on top). For being a movie I saw in 2003, this is the top five (somewhere behind "Mystic River"). Comparing against "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel from Harry's head and brings blow to the final death with a smoker sneaker at Potter's nose. Everyone should see this movie because it both informs and entertains. I finished my ripening!
