And I'm serious! Surely one of my most fantastic films I've ever had to enjoy in watching. What's so wonderful is that very rarely makes a good book turn into a movie that is not only good, but if possible better than the novel it's based on. Maybe in the case of the Lord in the Rings and Trainspotting, but it's a rare bite incident. But I think the fact that Louis Sachar has participated in the beginning helped mass, so that the film stuck close to the story, but took it even further. This movie has many elements that make it what it is: 1. A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature corner. 2. Brilliant actors. Adults and children alike, these actors know how to bring the story into life and deliver the lines with enthusiasm and style without going further, as sometimes happens with kids movies. 3. Wild Landscapes. And it does not matter if it's real or CGI, the setting itself is a masterpiece. I especially love the image of the holes from a view bird watching. 4. A talented director who breathes life into the book and turns it into engineering technology. The transitions in good working time and captures the highest point in fixed ones from the book, leading up to the torsion throughout the movie. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who had me read a book from the start to finish so I could not put it down. It ensures that the stick script in the book, with new bits added to make it even better. 6. And talk about the script! The one-material of this is smart, funny and unpatronising. But there are also parts to make you smile, make you cry, and tug in your heartstrings to make you love this story more. 7. Beautiful band. There's not a song in this film that I have not dropped for, and that's something I'm supposed to have a punk-rocker. The songs link to the story well and add extra jazz to the overall style of the movie. If you're going to buy the movie, I recommend you buy the band too, especially for "if only", that center of the story and it has the chorus of the book. <br /> I do not work for those who made holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, my favorite movie and give it the rewards it deserves. If you have not seen it, do it. Right now. That's very instant. Go!
