Gruveyman2 (comment below) you are a complete idiot ... butcher of ignorance by the many cities you have loyalty. It's what arguably whiny, that you are ironically claiming the film about ezit on SF, which makes you look like these typical LA ** holes! The only reason you felt the movie was so congratulations on SF is because you are jealous. Of course you do not know it because you are so LA jaded. First of all the movie was completely real about a beautiful city; that was filmed and was filmed by some of his famous locals. He says there's nothing wrong about LA; and these executives choose to live in a beautiful city on LA. They recognized that they went to the film school in LA and are obviously proud of that reality. Recognized SF is near LA which is a benefit. The only negative thing that was said to be related to LA, was on the studio executives. Even those studio executives who hated these guys when they first saw them, but then those same movies went on to be the big brutal film. So why would not they have animosity toward the executive studio studio and studio system? These are the only people trying to "disassociate out" and for good reason! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is "the so-called" San Francisco director? How should he not consider it? And who directed the Godfather? Coppola did. It was his vision that tells the story about the screen that won it a better photo awards. So what gave him the job? He admitted it to the documentary that he did not even want to make the movie .... So what's your point? So what if Sophia wants to live in LA? And what proves your point how? And tell me how not really self-financed by financing a lot of their own movies. Movies that are now considered classic. And, when they made movies from the studio funding, one, it was LA that came to them, saying we want you to make these pictures with two, using the money they made from doing this picture to finance their own. They said exactly that in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Bitchy and self surreal congratulations would take on a time of greater self respect and credence if you never set foot on the ground to claim to be superior to this movie "How hell can" bitchy-ness "and" self-congratulations "suddenly have an" air "in their own respect and credence .... if they never go to LA again? What a stupid and sensual comment! You put some great words in ... and just do not know how to use them! And, by the way, they never claimed the implies were superior to LA! So what if they're giving a guy from New York a prize in LA .... again what hell is your point? So whether they go to LA or New York are hypocrites not simply prefer to live in SF? You make no sense. <br /> San Francisco is proud of himself and his legacy and who does it what it is today. This film just focuses on one aspect ... film-making. To take the time and kind up as nasty comments about the city (not the movie! But the city and its people) only prove it to us Northern Californians hate on people from LA! This is a GREAT document ... very interesting, SPECIAL if you're out in the area BAY ... but I recommend it to anyone.
