As the series "Zorro Fighting Reaction" is one of the best series in the 1930s. Made in a period when the studio could still garden a large cast, this one has wall wall action in all its 12 chapters. In 1824 the newly formed President of the Republic of Mexico Benito Juarez (Carleton Young) tries to put his new country on a solid financial footing. To finish this, he has arranged to have rich gold shipments sent to the Capitol in San Mendolita mine. Members of the local council council in flying the shipments on behalf of Don-del-Oro a gold plated god, who with the help of the local Yaqui tribe, hopes to install himself as the chief of Mexico. His opponent is Don Francisco (Guy D'Ennery) who forms a legion of locals to help Juarez. When Don Francis was murdered by the gentleman Don-del-Oro, a stranger, Fopish Don Diego (Reed Hadley) came to the city. Diego aka Zorro takes on the regiment with the help of his friend Ramon (William Corson) and Juan (Budd Buster). The heroine of the sign of the piece is Ramona's sister (Sheila D'Arcy). Both Diego and Ramon hold seats on the local decision counts. It soon becomes apparent that some of the other members of the Council are in league with Don-del-Oro. The first is the Chairman of the Council (Leander de Cordova), the head of the Manuel Militia (John Merton), Chief of Justice Pablo (C. Montague Shaw) and Gonzolez (Edmund Cobb). Zorro suspects that one of these guys is Don-del-Oro, but which one? What follows are several hairs raised by Zorro and his Confederates from the followers of Don-del-Oro. We have ever present the rope bridge rope, the deep difference between the two cliffs that only Zorro can jump into safety, with the usual assortment of explosions, fire and coaching and plotting collision or going on the cliff. Hats in here in the Republic's fine team of cascade people lead by the Yakima Canutt legend and the Yrigoyens, Bill and Joe. Canutt makes his signature superstition jumping on a runaway horse team and then falls under the trainer that he repeats in film and other John Stagecoach's "same year's Stagecoach". <br /> <br /> Anyway, Zorro finally gently fakes God of Don-del-Oro and restores peace to the valley before they rise to the sunset in Chapter 12. <br /> <br /> There are other The cast includes Jim Pierce, Curley Dresden and Charlie King as the Don-del-Oro people and if you look carefully you can spot bits by starred future stars with Lone Ranger Clayton Moore and Canutt's Canutt in Bits. "Big Jim" by the way, they can be better remembered for playing tarzan in 1927 "Tarzan and the Golden Liom" (1927) and for her marriage to Joan Burroughs daughter of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs. /> Well enjoyable.
