I went to Deathtrap to expect a well-behaved and intriguing thriller; and while that's something like this movie is; I also can not help but think it's just a poor man's Sleuth. The 1972 classic film is obviously an inspiration for this film; not particularly in terms of the plot, but certainly it's the case with the execution. The casting of Michael Caine in the central role just confirmed it. The film is based on a play by Ira Levin (who has already written the Baby Rosemary with the Stepford Wives) and focuses on Sidney Bruhl; a author who is the best day behind him. After his latest bombing game, Sidney finds himself in a bar; and this has not helped when a game named Deathtrap; written by an amateur he taught, came to his door. Deathtrap is a commercial success guarantee, and Sidney soon begins to conceal a plot of its own; involving guests round the amateur secretary, killing him, and then passing Deathtrap off as his own job. Despite all its clever twists and turns; Deathtrap falls on a single element element, and that's the characters. The movie fails to give a single resembling character, and it's very hard to take care of the story when you're not rooting for any of the players. This does not help in acting. Michael Caine puts in a good and fun performance as you would expect, but nobody else makes themselves proud. Christopher Reeve is awkward in his role, while Dyan Cannon somehow makes only the unmistakable detestable character with a franticly disappointing performance. He is lucky then the story is good; and it's just about good enough to save the movie. The plot features many twists and turns; Some work is better than others, but there are still enough to make sure that the movie remains interesting. Director Sidney Lumet also deserves some credits as the style of the movie is another big plus. The central location is interesting in its own right, and the cinematography fits the film well. In general, I must admit that I enjoyed this movie; but it could be much, better.
