The trick creates a good, mysterious mystery story is as much a matter of its timing about behavior traits, colorful characters or surprising twists. Anyone who has ever worked in frustration with an unfinished world credit Sunday New York Times knows that any puzzle that takes too long to resolve stop to be any fun. Mysteries are the best killers, let's go on film or in print, they are small things that get to the point, spell out the clues, line up the suspects and, hopefully, our zap some surprises; They were complicated without being unusually confusing. And they play just; On the second, third and fourth looking at the clues and red erasers we should just as wonderful as to how it all comes together as we were at being seized in the first place. Indeed, good guys should get better about repeatedly repeating as we anticipate the double and triple crosses. Sidney Lumet's comedy-comedy DEATHTRAP, as exited by Ira Levin's hit Broadway play, is a great example. She moves along in a neat clip, skillfully juggling her suggestions, being (almost) totally honest with us (even when she sets us) and yet never revealing where she will (even when she tells us where she might be gone). It is less a mystery movie mystery in the traditional vane than it is a movie about murder misters, from a playwriting play. Instead of going back - a killings and then an investigation to explain why everything happened - DEATHTRAP leads us into crime (yo) step by step, leaving enough room for the unexpected; As the ads advised it is less a "whodunit" than a "who'lldoit." <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often comparing (negligently, oddly enough) to the SLEUTH movie playback version, though in fact it has more in common with SCREAM, the self-mocking essay on teeny- bopper horror cops. Like this clever movie, DEATHTRAP labels itself (a thriller on thrillers), sets it parameter ("one-set, five-character money") and then joins to deconstruct its genre by revealing itself as "serial The most strangely and preposterous in entertainment circumstances is enough to convince an audience to stop its disbelief. "DEATHTRAP bravely gives us a mystery and only five major characters, two of which are of minimal importance. Henry Jones as a cagey attorney is mainly in exhibit (and provides us with her tender for folksy charms) and Irene Worth is all curious and comic rescue as a psychic-com-sleuth acting as the nominal detective. Which left three main characters to be the killer (s) and / or the victim (s): It's a testament to Michael Caine's ability as Sidney Bruhl, a down-on-luck author of playing mystery, creating a Character which we intrinsically love and trust, as we acknowledge immediately that almost everything he said is a lie. As his worship, if a girl girl girl, Myra, Dyan Canon flirting with being on the top does not provide a roller coaster roller in a performance with a character that does not seem to seem fragile or overbearing, crafty or hysterical , shy or bold and uncompromising in love with a less than Sidney reciprocity. Third corner of this triangle that would not expect is a dramatic named Clifford Anderson played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we never quite found a handle on just that character it is: very heated preppie wannabe writers, semi-innocent victims or social skills As the various characters around each other, the cleverly clever script adapted by ace scribe Jay Presson Allen manages to be always fun, as he built suspicions. And even after the final twist (an improvement over the final game), it may not be clear just who has manipulated that. <br /> <br /> Lumet is by no means a master of comedy, so it allows his cast to have free King and meat out their character and they all give sharp, dramatic, yet subtle work , and Reeve were particularly noteworthy. But what Lumet does well is work skillfully in tight quarter. As he did brilliantly in 12 penguins, he took a one-set play, with a minimum of opening up, managed to do what could be cramped, stagy and stingy looks endlessly photogen and spacious. The environment, a country house converted from an old Windmill, is relatively small, but as designed by Tony Walton it manages to be both cozy and spacious, as well as spooky and treacherous. It is so hard to say where to place in the studio with the real house cross house limits that to a degree the wear becomes a sixth character. And as the scene of the crime, it is a most invincible death.
