More of the athletes. This is a very quick and enjoyable crime crime based on Ira Levin's plays on two gay playwrights (Caine and Reeve) that draws the murder of one's wealthy wife (cannon) to get the property and the insurance. The plot succeeds but Christopher Reeve as the youngest and less established two writers decided to make a play from the actual murder - with slight changes in detail. Reeve allows Easthampton, Long Island, to become Southampton, Long Island, in the script, for example. The rest of the play's draw is a dead gift and tells the truth Reeve does not mind a little gossip or even an investigation into the apparently death of Cannon's accident. He will boost their revenue with his own Warhol cooperatives. Michael Caine is Sidney Bruhl, the megabuck author-performing latest latest bombing production and who would love nothing more than slowly get back to work on a new play, possibly with Reeve's opinion, that would buy reputation his. It can not allow Reeve's play-a-nail scandal to be produced. So - what else? - he tries to kill him. At the end of the winds kill each other, the manuscript is affected by the psychic Helga Tensdoorp's psychic, and makes a million dollars sold to Broadway. <br /> It's a lot of fun for a number of reasons. One is the production design. That multi-place, multi-storied house with windmill winds, is located on nine of which must be the most important acres on earth (Easthampton!) Should be a splendid range of dug anywhere. You could not afford a puppet puppet at Easthamptom. The house is not overly large or baroque in its decor. It's just stylish modest, although it's a little clean for my taste, what kind of home is, so your own is scary in steps on the thick carpet for fear of the footprint of a foot. , the act can hardly improve on. Caine, Cannon, and Fred Jones are superb. Dyan Cannon provides a pitch-perfect performance as the worried wife with pants is to store them as if they were spraying on, which is okay to provide its assets. Even Reeve, whose talent was limited, seems to find a comfortable niche in his role of bland but psychotic killer. Irene Worth, like Helga's neighbor, was in some difficult way defined, a mistake. Granted it - or someone like it - was unnecessary in the draw, but my God, an offensive character snoop it is, goes around and claims, "I feel pain in the zoom!" I suppose that in order to make it a little more interesting, it got up in sweat and a jump cap and bike reflector on it. Still, it is a nuisance from beginning to end. <br /> You have to love the bitchy Dialogue Ira Levin. Caine's disaster begs to say why he wrote the whole play. "Because it's THERE, Sidney!" says Reeve, and Caine shouts, "That's mountains, do not play! Play them there until some *** THE WRITES HELP!" Major is also called Caine in the police after his wife died dead in scary, as planned. She works herself up to a torrent of sobs, barely able to talk, as she reports the incident and implies that an ambulance must be sent immediately. When he hangs, his face assumes his usual expression, he puffs his nose into his handkerchief, and goes away, all the business again. <br /> <br /> The highest score, though decently ironic, is confusing and noisy and full of artifice, lacking in the cruel charm that Levin and Lumet brought in the earliest scenes. The note is mostly made up of light-hearted riffs on the arpsichor, neatly fitting into the movie. <br /> You'll probably enjoy it.
