Each time you think you have a handle on Deathtrap, another draw twist comes together. Better to just sit back and enjoy the ride on this one. Most noted for her on kissing screen between Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve (which was unfortunately cut off from the television version I saw), this movie has a great deal more recommended for it. Sidney Bruhl (Michael Caine) is a very happy man. Once a dramatic author, his last several plays on Broadway were flopped. And while my wife Myra (Dyan Cannon) is nothing but support, in both sense of monetary and emotional, this little makes Sidney feel any better. To add insult to injury, young author, Clifford Anderson (Christopher Reeve), just sent Sidney a play look. The first Anderson, and Sidney can see that the young man is a gifted writer. He jokes to his wife that he should invite Anderson on, kill him, and submit the play as his own. She laughs at her first, but when Sidney actually invites Anderson on for dinner, she worries that she can really put his plot into action. And his fear just can be justified ... <br /> It's a brilliant script. There are twists and turns all of the plot, and they become faster and more angry as you get closer to the end. It's your movie type on the edge of your seat in the beginning, and keep you the whole time. An absolute ruler of suspension and mystery. <br /> <br /> The act is excellent. Caine gives her excellent performance, and it shows a skillful, refined, and intelligent creativity. Reeve also provides an excellent rendering of a man who is not as wide as eyed or innocent as it looks. Fortunately Cannon works well for Myra. And Irene Worth gives a nice performance as a non-profit neighbor who is also a psychic. This is a movie with a finish you would never expect, and repeated monitoring helps them pick up things they missed in earlier look. A classic notation that is unfortunately only remembered for a scene that ruffled some sensitivity at the moment - and that's a real shame.
