One of the greatest classic classic K-classic Roger Corman was Ramones (originally designated for Cheap Trick), Rock N 'Roll High School. It's just a simple, technologically dated story (but would serve up extra dose of humorous nostalgia considering these were the types of things that made Napoleon Dynamite character - see Eaglebauer's wind) about teens who love rock n roll. <br /> The students at Vince Lombardi High School are met with resistance by the principal evil, Miss Evelyn Togar (played by favorite class culture, Mari Woronov) who fear that Rock N 'Roll turns their children in uncontrollable, devourish devorish and promised to make a rock n roll-free zone. Currently, she intends to wipe out Rock N 'Roll for all students, regardless of whether she is at school, and she has the most cooperation in the adult who might make the successful plan. <br /> But not Riff Randell (PJ Sol) can help her. A Ramones fan, he writes some songs (including Rock N 'Roll High School) that he wants to give the Ramones, and in trying to do that, is rebuffed by Miss Togar who does everything he can to keep him from go to see Ramones playing in town. It ends in a final riot between adult-hated adults and adolescents (at an end that is reminiscent of the Edge, a bit). After the years of punk, when the fame of the rocker garage, the Ramones (and others) would mark another change in music evolution, it was great to see a movie that celebrated the pleasure of it all and in such a funny way, exaggerated. <br /> It's mostly moderate comedy, but a great comedy feel-good though when you're in the mood for something more put back to entertain you. With Jerry Zucker (in the name of aircraft) and Joe Dante (Gremlins fame) both take part in some of the LEDs, you can get the idea for what kind of humor you're in for (and we do not mentioned, hoping to see Dick Miller though only for a few minutes in the final movie). The story must have been later inspired (and continued to be updated) by the mid-90s comedy, Detroit Rock City, which has some minor minor changes in the car for old glam rockers, Kizz. <br /> I would recommend passing on Corey Feldman's car, Rock N 'Roll High School forever, released almost a decade later. The original is always the best.
