This film is available from David Shepard and Cinema on the Hollywood Before, there was Fort Lee, NJ, although this is a shorter version with just "behind-the-scenes movie section. I'm not sure if Blackhawk Films only had a printed movie in these parts, or they are edited from other scenes. Blackhawk's original version was retitled A movie romance. The complete feature survived, but the preprandration for this version had some nitrate decomposition, and a couple of look looked bad, so that's why the director of Emile Chautard and the future director of Joseph von Sternberg can also have it ... (Doris Kenyon) long for a romantic man to sweep him on his feet dreaming of a troubadour that will woo him , but is still off not only the local boy available, Johnny Applebloom. <br /> Meanw Hill, a movie company in New York (actually New Jersey) is filming a west of the country. (in full headdress) and increase an alarm - spoil a scene that the movie company is filming. It is imedyatma I am attracted to the film starring Kenneth Driscoll (Robert Warwick). He encourages her to leave her home and try to become an actress in the big city. <br /> <br /> When she came to the studio, she discovered that everything about the movies is fake. Doors and walls are just flat so they are quickly assembled for the series. That wanders in the western heroes or jumping into the joy of the heroine are just acting. Together they are on a large-scale scene, so the angle of the sun can even manipulate. The black assistant in the studio signs all photos of "photography" stars. Signs on the wall say "Positively not Smoking", but everyone smokes anyway. Even the titles of the movie (which illustrated nicely) emphasize all the fake films on the movie-making life. <br /> <br /> Movie star Driscoll is just as scary and HO-hum in movie movie everyday. She made a temporary split from Vivian girlfriend (Jen Elvidge) to pursue this "interesting" country girl. His plan will shooter when Mary's screen-test is a stinker. We do not get to see the current movie, but only the reaction of the audience's passion to it. <br /> <br /> Mary is devastated, but she does not want to admit everyone everyone back home that she was a failure, so she continues to watch Driscoll and we have lunch with her in the studio cafeteria together and other extras dressed as policemen, soldiers, cowboys, etc. <br /> Mary decided to stay with Driscoll. In part with the "Friends" movie, he agrees to marry her although there is not much love between them. Surprisingly, her mother appeared, and a cake especially for Mary's birthday. This caused Mary to re-evaluate her future. This film has all sorts of fascinating scenes in the studio, movie set, dressing room, editing room, etc. If you've always wondered what was going on behind the scenes when they made a movie silently, this movie peeks behind the curtain.
