Riff Randell is a fan, obsessed fan of the rock band; Ramones and those most of the students in the school. But a new tyrant of a principal, Madam Togar thinks rock rolls 'n' is a bad influence on students, especially music from the Ramones. So, when Riff finds out doing in town, he jumps for a couple of days to get tickets for himself and his friends. But when Mrs. Togar discovered why she really took those days she confiscated the tickets. While, what's going on Tom Roberts is totally like to hit on Riff, but Riff's friend Kate Rambeau feels the same way about Tom. But Riff has her eyes set only on Joe Ramone's singer lead and hopefully the reception of this concert gets to play her song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, that's right 'Rock n Roll High School' does not float away from it's main focus ?? a slingshot, whipping daggy! It was not what I was hoping for, that's for sure. Everyone involved in this dandy project seems to have a great time with the relaxing nature of its display on the screen and the energy provided as a glowing spirit, making it a priceless experience. This does not mean I think its art and conspiracy are as pointless as cases. But watching this passionate, crazy ride that scrambles into some good harmless jinks, I just could not wipe the grin in my face. It's tacky, very cheesy, chaotic bossy, but damn it in funky-dory! This low-budget, b-class feature of producer Roger Corman and John Dante was co-writer (and more he co-directed some scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized at the last day to shoot). Is basically a glorious homage over the 1950s rocking flicks by sticking to the fruitful claws and throwing into the broth tag of young rebellion because of the gap between generations and adults (who always know better). These features might not be particularly cool, but they make rack up some call because of the dynamic treatment, gusto. The movie has one thing about yourself, go out on a bang! And they managed to do that. Courtesy of the 'Ramones', who plays themselves. Really, you could tell his one big trendy clip, since it's all on the Ramones ?? well, most of it anyway. I see another flack towards Ramones acting ability. These are musicians by actors, which means it's not about acting here, it's the music we're supposed to dig. They are here! Which, to deliver in front and some kick tracks that pepper the film to create a totally optimistic vibe. Specifically, flamboyant board performance. The soundtrack soundtrack also has some killer tunes from some other artists such as Devo, Underground at Velvet, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and the Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these train jumps are equipped with good and the feeling of account and even the note has been worked in rather well. Especially in the scenes involving Mrs. Togar and the typing note of the right mood surrounding her head. The playful atmosphere of the film is pretty much like a roller coaster ride with such a racy pace between the electromagnetic melodies and humorous segments ranging from slapstick routes to the sometimes intelligent way, language-in-weight dialogue. The cast for good measure is a variety of light and great gaps, which I found very fun and gave it as a wider range to express itself. What else has given the movie an added increase has to be the wine PJ wine (best known for its performance in Halloween), who was given such a bang up performance as Riff Randell's peachy. Other illustrative models were Dey Young, as Kate Beckbeau's very beautiful, Vincent Van Patten as gawky Tom Roberts and attended the Eaglebauer who is stupidly played by Clint Howard. Also some small creators of Corman Jigsaw pop up with great performance guest by Mari Woronov are excellent as asking Mrs. Togar to push her unjust student rule, Paul Bartel as Mr. McGree and a tiny support role from Dick Millar towards the end . Acting is very enthusiastic acting, but down with the material and having a certain lucidity from these characters, but we totally despise Mrs. Togar and her goon to control chickens. The bush here when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is a bit intoxicated, in a dress shirt!
