THE SERVICE that they did not die was considered unattractive in 1959 that several cuts and the passage of the three years were asked before it was released in 1962. Today it's hard to imagine how anyone could have taken this seriously the same 1959; The thing is both lurid and lewd, but it is also incredibly funny in a very profound way of doing. <br /> <br /> The story, of course, concerns a doctor who is an experimental experiment in transplant branch - and when her girl friend dies in a car accident she rushes himself to his secret laboratory. With the help of a few phone codes, a couple of clamps, and what looks like a deep baking pan, he brings himself back to life. But is it grateful? Not really. In fact, it looks like it can cause everything, particularly when it transplanted the doctor planning to put himself in another body. <br /> <br /> As it happens, the doctor is serious about this new body: he wants to build one for speed, and takes for women walks around the sidewalks, haunting strips, visiting body compete beautiful, and hunting cheese model in search of endowment that will raise its eyebrows. But back to the laboratory, the head has developed a psychic-induced psychic link and another one of the doctor's experience, this one is so frightening that it is kept locked out of sight in a handy laboratory closet. Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and malicious assistance, tiring revenge on the doctor, and save the woman with the body he wants to do for? Could be! Leading man Jason Evers plays the roguish doctor as if he had given a massive dose of Spanish flying; Virginia Leith, the happy head, screeches and cackles despite in the fact that he has no lungs and maybe not even any vocal cords. Small busty gyrate in tawdry music, actors make changes to irrational characters from line to line, the dialogue is even more meaningless than the draw, and you'll need a calculator to add up the continuous goofs. All the little devices that would not die come as even more unintentionally funny than a movie ed Wood. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green actually managed to keep everything moving in very good clip, and look at the movie today it is easy to pick out scenes that influence director later, who is no doubt see the thing when they were young and impressible and never good on it. The cuts were made before the movie went into the release forever, but the cuts made for TV were restored to the Alpha release, and while the film and sound quality were not particularly great it's just as well remember that they probably weren 'all that good to start with. <br /> Now this is one of those movies that you'll either find incredibly dull or wildly hilarious, depending on your point of view, so it is very difficult to give a referral. But I'll say that if your taste runs in love of Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you need to snap this one up and now! Four stars for its cheesy-bizarreness alone! GFT, Amazon Review
