Every now and then an advertising movie itself as scary or scary, though they are usually not. Most modern movie cinemas fit into this category. Then there are those cinemas that do not simply cause tension and adrenaline pump in your veins than harder. They actually scared you to a level that you never experienced. <br /> <br /> "Halloween" is like a movie. It takes many risks that would make the movie's most film-maker. But almost all of them work. "Halloween" is awe-inspiring in its simplicity, and terrifying as a whole. <br /> The story is simple. Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) is babysitting some kids on Halloween night, while a fool is on the loose after escaping from a mental institution after brutally killing her older sister 15 years ago. Of course, the oven, later known as Michael Myers, begins to kill the young genocide population, and eventually it comes after Laurie. <br /> <br /> Sound familiar, right? Just another brain slasher full of dumb adolescents and gobs in gore. It's not a chance. <br /> I think James Berardinelli put it perfectly in his review of "Halloween:" "Because of its title, Halloween has often been grouped along with all the other splat films that populate the teatras all the late 1970s and early 1980s. However, while Halloween is just considered the father of the modern slasher genre, it is not a member ... "<br /> There is one point, and for a number of reasons. First and foremost, it's outright foolish, whereas most of the genre of genre slasher gore-fests (one could argue that many recent are language-in-cheek, but most of them fail as well) . Secondly, there is almost no violence (very little of which is blood). John Carpenter knows that violence does not equal fear, and it depends very much on it (actually, the body count is very low). In fact, one can argue that this is not really a horror movie, at least not today's standards that have more deaths that can be stacked in a single movie, each gorier and more sadistic than the last. It depends on the idea of ​​crisis, and also skill. Third, while some of the characters can do stupid things (which sometimes seal their fate), they do not do because they're mute. Characters are real people, so instead of thinking that the characters die because they're idiots, we're scared because they're making a mistake. <br /> One of the main reasons why "Halloween" is so scary is because it is so easy to believe it is real. Nothing is difficult to swallow in this movie. There's no supernatural, there's no creative plot element, or "invented" murders, or mediocre. Instead, all the pieces together with camera work (save the opening sequence) are simple. Carpenter just sets the camera in place and says action. What we find is the feeling that we are actually seeing a murder takes place right in front of us. <br /> <br /> The horror movies are probably the most difficult movies to do because in order for something to be scary, everything has to be perfect, and ideas never work twice. It's a hit or miss game, which is why if I've told you the real idea that the cooperator has (which I'm not), they would seem primitive (especially since they've been repeated with lesser effect over and over again this year yo). <br /> <br /> Acting here is not a plus point because it does not need to be. This is a film about scary ideas, not a movie about dramatic, conflicting characters. The actor acts like real people, not characters from a story. No longer. This exception is the person who plays the form, or later known as Michael Myers. It can be scary for someone to say nothing and simply kill, but it's difficult to pull (and even harder to keep the person asking why). But the guy pulled it off, and the result is terrifying. <br /> This is the Carpenter's movie and in. He directed it, co-wrote it, co-producing it, and wrote the refinement note of it. This is a man of shine, and later her film "The thing" supports this statement, though the thing is not as scary as "Halloween." Unfortunately, his success has dramatically decreased, as it happens when lure big money for less freedom is to take advantage of once big producers "recognizing your potential." As good as this movie is, it's not perfect. The most famous opening scene is disturbing, but not very scary. And not much of the crisis works for the first part of the movie. It's not that it's bad, it's just that there's no good reason to fear the "form." Luckily, Carpenter mostly uses this time to set up a relationship between the characters and the audience. While there is no intimacy in this relationship, it fits the goal. We grow up to know the characters, but not so much that it's discouraging when they die. But once the movie gets Halloween night, that's when captors kick things down in high gear, and it's NEVER stopped until you get to the end. While "Halloween" can be flawed, it's just a little so. It's an incredibly terrifying movie, and one must see for anyone who loves scary movies. You must be warned though, this movie will scare the living hell out of you!
