There are two movie experiences I'll always cherish. The first one saw "Star Wars" for the first time at the age of 10 and my younger brother. A second closing is the Halloween sneak in the Triplex Plex and my good friend, Trevor, in late October 1978. Halloween left me breathless, meaningful, and outright scared. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Myers decided to kill his sister on Halloween 1963. He saved a mental hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to make wreckage once again. She tries Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a former shy girl who loves babysitting, and she starts to follow her. His friends went on the street to die, one-by-one as Michael lay his plot to get it. Ironically, the boy it tries on Halloween is awesome in the "Boogeman," and he can see it out. During the murder of Spree, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) is working hard to get Michael before he unleashes his anger. She has no evidence, no evidence, just a proof she had to sell Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). As the plot unfolds, you have a suspended-drive movie instead of a scary cheap thrill. Alfred Hitchcock once said, "You can have four people in a board that plays cards and do not know there is a bomb and goes there. That's a cheap thrill. However, put four people in a table that discovers a bomb and discuss what to do about it - then it does not go through, then you have to suspend. "Director John Carpenter takes the advice of the pig in Halloween. The audience will see submission to him outside, watching, tracking his victims. We gasp. Will he kill him? When will he be killed? Then Michael disappears. The hat also uses the suspense in place of special effects that usually emphasize the gore. This film is small, but it always gives good marks. One of the best performers is Michael Bob to the ground. He rears the knife back as he glints into the moon, then drives it. All you hear is a dread, then the audience sees Bob's footsteps. Carpenter was the first to use a vantage point from the scene of the assassin. This also pics our audience. What will he do? What's going on inside her mind? Finally, the hauntingly scanned notes of the frame add to the tension. In addition, the screen tandem screen it did with Debra Hill gave us a story that develops our character care. Youth are not "mad parties," but simply go to the bitter rebellion in young deserts. Finally, some decent acting "B", low-budget thriller. Nick Castle who plays "The Form" (Michael) adds something to the mindless killer. It is cold, relentless, and without any pathology. In addition, the personality does everything the same. It kills only when trapped, or to set up a trap. It divides the victims apart. It also depends on brutal force. And that mask used (a blue mask to William Shatner) gives an impression of something with no soul or emotions. While Pleasantness is melodramatic in monolayers, it comes as a frightening, desperate, and determined person. He made me wonder if he was representing modernism's attempts to explain what's wrong. The Crown crown, though, is Jamie Lee Curtis' first. She plays the character Laurie as a scary person, but also determined and strong that fights back. The end is one that let me speak. This was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not stop. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that it can enjoy many times. Halloween, and other awesome films, though, have no advantage. So, if we could erase our mind at first we see a film to experience it again as fresh and new, Halloween should be the movie I'd choose.
