As I mentioned previously, the classic John Carpenter 1978 is one of the first two cinemas I can remember to see and was influenced by (the other was the Conan Classic Barber). It is so frightening to me that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, whom I eventually befriended (imaginary friend) to keep him from killing me in my sleep. Now is afraid of a 10 year old. <br /> It's a classic horror and I'm sure my modest review will not make it the justice it deserves. The most surprising thing of all is that the film is still working, perhaps not in the gutural reaction but more of a mental or immediate subconscious possibility. This can all happen. It is not in the domain impossible or located in a foreign country (as most modern horrors are, I am hostel, tourists, weeping Wolf, seeing, etc.). At times it is graphic while the rest relegates our imagination. I believe it is the element that keeps people frightened or at least the warrior goes out at night and the signature band always remains alive. It's still working because we can substitute implicitly or territory to kill with anything more dire that our ideas can create. So we ourselves contribute to our own fears and anxieties. <br /> <br /> Career weaves a simple story about a daily classroom, middle, suburban and relatively blessed boy who falls on Halloween and kills his sister. He then spent the next 15 years in an institution (which we fortunately did not experience) only to escape and return to his country, the infamous Haddonfield. On his way he killed and killed. The name of the child is Michael Meyers, but not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implicit security of middle class suburbia. In American security bastion and security, chaos can still strike. Michael stopped living once he was killed. It's not a serial killer, people or psychopath. It is as irresistible force. Generally generic, whitish-white Shatner masks, and lack of any other dialogue then some breathing, help them dehumanize and fill Michael's Generation. This is the source of all its power. It is anonymous, speaking and unremarkable in no way other than a relentless mess. This is the help of the cinematography (post card effect), a lack of information / motivation / explanation and experience of veteran narrative of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). It's about the top performance and anxiety to sell the "form". This is also the first film performance by Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, the innocent girl who discards the chaos in overcoming overwhelming luck (at least for a little). Even if this is not the first movie in this new niche of horror movie (Black Christmas 4 years earlier), it is the most successful and does not diminish on review. If you were not scared by horror movies in a long time (like me), this will probably make their hair on the back of your tingling head in the first chords of the signature band. I highly recommend this movie as a must see horror movie and as one of the pinnacles of John Carpenter's career.
