John Carpenter's Halloween <br /> <br /> Is it the greatest horror movie of all time? no .. maybe not everyone, but me it is and always will be. The film is sheer genius and will always hold a very special place in my heart. <br /> It's unfortunate I did not get to see this movie until twenty years after it's released, but even twenty years later after many cats chat slasher came and gone the movie still gives the same impact as it be made then. My dad suggested before I went to see Halloween H20 that I whispered out and rented Halloween to 1 and 2 to get the full story, and after watching Halloween it was clear that it defines and puts the genre of Slasher. The film scheme is simple, In 1963 Michael Audrey Myers slaughtered her sedentary Judith with a huge butcher's knife. Prisoner for fifteen years where he was treated by Dr Sam Loomis, he survived and returned to his hometown in Haddonfield where he began to strangle three girls: Laurie Strode an innocent innocent, Annie Brackett a hard talking sarcastic and Lynda Van Der Klok a beautiful and sexually vigorous young girls. Dr. Loomis tracks Michael here where he encourages the help of Sheriff Leigh Brackett's city that remains uncertain in his story about the psychotic assassin. Michael watches the girls pity and starts killing them on one by one, until only Laurie uno indecent is leaving that is the first target on Michael's list. The casting of this film was brilliant and all actors and actresses gave top performer teeth, Jamie Lee Curtis was stunning in her first film role as Laurie Strode and Donald Pleasance gave her a thrilling performance and her role as Loomis. Nick Castle showing Michael did an outstanding job as the inatine and evil killer, and his markets and body movements were perfect. <br /> One of the great highlights of this film is its readiness to score by John Carpenter himself who created one of the most recognizable horrors known today. The Blue Lighting was creepy and effective and one of the great moments in this film is when Laurie's youth is cowering against a wall after seeing her dead friend, and in the shadows behind his face Michael's minds before he hits. Michael's mask was one of the things throwing thrill down my spine more, the emotional white face worked perfectly. What makes this film so great is that it is not a movie goyle unlike Cheesy Friday's 13th film, in fact there is little blood in this movie at all and works instead of suspicions and tension. <br /> It became so clear that Halloween spawned cinemas like Friday 13 and characters like Jason Voorhees, whom he is a rip only off of Michael Myers. <br /> <br /> To sum it up, I suggest you view this movie at least once in your life as it is a landmark in film making and it is without a doubt if not the greatest time That's one of the greatest horror films of all time.
