I must admit, this is one of my favorite films of all time. The unique way that John Carpenter has led this picture, opens the door to many mock-genres, it will cool you into the bone if it is your first or watching it or your fifth. The sound, the ominous horror of Michael Meyers and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis gives this instant instant film film with a great start to the independent era. I love the music, I love the characters, the habitually spooky environment, the simplistic nature of the villain, and the random mess in it all. There is no real rhyme or reason to kill in this movie first, giving us a taste of Michael's true nature. Is it crazy, or in some ways just a very brilliant creature? This question can never really answer, but Carpenter gives you 100% and more devotion to this amazing masterpiece. John Carpenter is the master of horror. While recently his film was not the gauge that they once were (see zombies in mass), Halloween started his powerhouse in a career. This is her final movie. While making another big release, I'll always remember this one as the movie that caused me to turn off all the lights, beware when babysitting, and checking behind closed doors, because you never knew where The evil would appear next. Carpenters have this amazing ability to bring you into the world in which it trams. With the power of his camera, he puts the images of Meyers in which you least expect while giving you the perception as if the murderer is right next to you. I liked all the scene where we were panned back, and Michael had been watching out of the distance, without anyone of the wiser. It was scary, but brilliantly. I liked the scene at which Carpenter pulled your scary screams into the sky almost thin. There you should, mind your own business, when suddenly this wonder mask appeared out of nowhere. Like the characters, you too thought it was just a trick in the eye, but that's where Carpenter gets you, it's not. Michael is not a ghost, he's a human being (or at least we think), but he has a stronger mental capacity than most of the main characters. This leads to some really dark terms and uncertain symbols, but even without that, this is a spooky movie. Then if you just did not have enough of Michael just to evaporate into the windows of your home, Carpenter adds music theme theme. I still have that tapping into the piano keys in my mind, constantly wondering whether Meyers will look at me in the window. Carpenters have found the perfect combination of fresh visuals and sound chilling previously that can happen to our unsuspecting victims next. It is lethal, and it is done with refreshing originality and more unique emotions than anything that was released by Horror Hollywood today could stretch. Halloween carpentry is a breath of fresh air in the middle of what might be a rough year horror, and the current crisis being replaced by Paris Hilton, you know that the quality is not quite the same. , I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the opening killings of this film is dire and refreshing. The use of the "clown" mask sends setter up my spine. The way it was filmed with one single shot using the child's mask as if our own eye is still one of the best horror openings ever! It completely sets the tone for the rest of that movie. You have the babysitter theme, you have the child's behavior with Michael in the movie, and you have the art of skilled craftsmen rolling into one. I could literally speak for hours on this movie, but instead I'd rather go and watch it again. It is worth visiting to repeat several times! <br /> <br /> In general, I think this is one of the most outstanding films in cinematic history. Skip all those alien films that think will be lucky to face movies leaving it in a tight budget to Carpenter and the slasher movie genre. This singular movie regenerates a whole generation of horror movies, and still continues to have an influence on modern-day horror treatments. The lethal combination of a really spooky bandit, the powerful movie of the events (which is typically not much amount of horror movie), and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes Halloween that the movie above the rest. Sure, Freddy is cool and you feel sympathetic to Jason, but Michael is real, he is troubled, and it's about loose lusting for the blood of babysitters. What can be better? <br /> <br /> Class: ***** from *****
