Halloween is not just the godfather of all slasher movies but the greatest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most thrilling, creepy, and terrifying movie of all time with this classic chiller. Michael Myers is like a phenomenal monster in this movie by inspiring notes of imitators, such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13th), The Miner (Valentine's Bloody Blood), and Charlie Puckett (Night Charlie Charlie). Well, so I got a little dark, but it's just going to show you the impact that this movie has had on all the horrors. There was not a monster coming out of King Tut's tomb or Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. It could be created in the cozy little suburbs of suburbia. And on the night he came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and viewers should never be the same. There are many aspects of this movie that make it the gemstone crown of horror movies. The first is the setting ... it takes place in what seems to be a normal suburban neighborhood. Many of us who grew up in such an area can easily identify with their characters. This is the kind of neighborhood where you feel secure, but if the problem begins to mix, nobody wants to get a finger to get involved (especially when a crazy person tries to skewer our heroine.) Together with the environment, place on Halloween !! That horrible night of the year! While most people are doing jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is looking to carve up some baby-boppers. In addition to the environment, there are some great acts. Jamie Lee Curtis performs a work that can work as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a wonderful-two-high school shoes that may never seem to get a date. However, it is Donald Pleasance, as Dr. Sam Loomis, who really threw the show. His painting of the good doctor, who knows just what kind of evil hide behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels that they have to send him to hell once and for all, is the thing of horror stories. However, it is the synthesis note that really drives this picture as it seems almost puts the viewer in the movie. Once you hear it, you never forget it. I also enjoy feeling that you have this picture. Nowadays, they seem to sharpen the image of each film, giving us every possible detail of the monster we are supposed to be afraid. In Halloween, John Carpenter never really allowed us to get a complete look at Michael Myers. It always looks like it's part of the shadows, and I think that's what makes it so terrifying. There are many scenes where Michael is partly visible as he spies on teenage teenagers (he does not recognize them), adding to his bloodshed. If you think about, some wacko can look at you now and you would not even know it. Unfortunately for our adolescents (and fortunately for our horror fans), when they get Michael, he's not looking for candy on this Halloween night .. it's looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers, himself, is a key component of this film. Her relentless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes her look like the killer who will never stop. It is the Bogeyman that will haunt you for the rest of your life. So if you have not seen this movie (if there are still some of you out there who do not have, or even if you have), grab some popcorn, close each light, pop this to the old DVD and look at fear. Trick or treat!
