I was just recently in a stage where I wanted to see why it is that the horror movie in the 90's can not hold a candle in the 70 and 80's films. I was very public in this forum on the vicinity of such films as haunted by the Urban Legend and those. I feel that they (and others like them) do not know what's true horror. And it bothered me to point out where he brought me to my local video store and rent some of the classic horror films. I already own all the Friday so I rent Texas Massacre track, the original nightmare on Elm Street, jaws, the exorcist, the Angel, the Exorcist and Halloween. Now the other films are classic of their own right, but it is here that I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is maybe something no other movie in the story of horror movie can do, and that it uses subtle techniques, techniques that do not count on blood and gore, and uses these scary daylights live out of you. I was in a room in my head and the lights off and as funny as I knew she was, I wanted to look after me to see if Michael Myers was there. No movie that I've seen in the last ten years has done so for me. No movie. John Carpenter has taken a low budget film and has feared a generation of watch guards. She has shown that you do not need budget in the 8 or 9 figures to evoke fear over a hearing. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what's actually happening, but what's happened. What was this shadow? What was upstream? He knows that these are ways to scare someone and use all of the horror component elements that I think you can use. I even think he has done some of his own ideas and what should be the idea that people use today. But they do not. No one uses lighting and details to induce crises, using special effects and blood streams. And it's just not the same thing. You can not be frightened by a special giant effect that makes loud noise and jumps out of a wall. It's time when the killer is secretly, somewhere, you just do not know where, scare you. And Halloween succeeds as there is no other film in this effort. In 1963 a young Micael Myers killed his sister with a big butcher knife and then spent the next 15 years in his life, silently close to an institute. As Loomis (the doctor) said Sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to reach her and then another seven sure she never came out, because what I saw behind them was more and more -vil. " Manic and relentless idea of ​​an assassin who will stop at nothing to get what he wants. And all he wants here is to kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill him, but he does. (Halloween II continues the story quite well) <br /> What carpenter did here is to take a haunting note, mendacious teching techniques and has written and directed a well-ridden chief of horrors. There is a scene to be described. And this is the scene where Annie is on his way to pick up Paul. He goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then did he realize that he left his key at home. He gets them, coming back out and inadvertently opening the car door without using the keys. The audience chooses about this but does not. He is too busy thinking about Paul. When she sits, she notices that the windows are fogged. It is riddled and starts wiping away the mist, and then hits Myers, from the back seat. This is like a big scene because it pays attention to detail. We know what happens with Annie does not. But it's crafty observation that Carpenter has done to scare the hell out of film actors in 1978 and beyond. <br /> Halloween uses blurry image of a killer stand in the background, it has ominous shadow sliding across a wall, black room, creepy music and haunting, a disaster story told by Donald Pleasance with a menacing, relentless killer. My advice to film makers in our day and age is studying Halloween. It should be the blue print for what scary films are all about. After all, Carpenter follows at Hitchcock's stage, perhaps the directors should follow in it. <br /> <br /> Halloween Personalize all the harm. If you are tired of all the mindless mind movies that do not know the difference between evil and sadness, then Halloween is a movie that should be seen. It will not let you down. I love being scared, I do not know why, but I do. But nothing was scary to me in the 90's, except perhaps one movie (Wes Craven's final nightmare). If you enjoy scary creatures, then Halloween is one that you should see. But if you have already seen it unexpectedly, go and watch it again, back to a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will have you enticed at all the beautiful faces of the movie. Halloween will have you frozen and fears, stuck in your place, do not want to move. Now tell me, what movie movie would you rather look? <br /> And just to follow up after seeing the zombie version, it makes you appreciate this much more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie bastera version it's, but it does not take away the brilliance of this one.
