Watching fire and mirror for the first time remind me of my experience seeing 300 last year. It was not at all a bad movie, certainly not average, but its scheme and dialogue stuck out as being at best conventional and at worst of confusion and a dimension (which, perhaps, based on comic book Frank Miller was a good decision to go with). But its main strength was drawn out of the intense action and bloody battle with that of a 14-year-old sentiment watching male beefcake fighting in swords sword-headed sword, and the occasional undesirable creature or super-hot girl they go with the paintings settings. While I would probably re-view Fire and Ice over 300 again, they are both excited that feeling similar - the exception of this time, naturally, that it's Frank Frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless paper books and comic, collaborating with director Ralph Bakshi, of non-typical Hollywood fare but something for the dead-hard fans. <br /> <br /> What this means for today's audience will be back to check out the movie for the first time (it can now be coveted nostalgia for those who were young and watch it with The Masters of the VHS Universe tape back in the day) is the possible consequences mentioned before, and, perhaps, that you will see something a bit unique. Fire and ice are not only the Bakshi feature of rotoscoped, but it's possibly the most liquid - if not my favorite personal belongings - in some of it's made, and he and his team create a whole world hit that in close part -historic, this out-of-the-world party, with medieval parties, and all touches up with a hand-pentrer-related origins, sky and yard. There is a slight drawback for Bakshi fans in this facet of character design; Bakshi has gone as far as she says more Frazetta than her. This can be true, but it does not make it more absorbed in the eye or curious in those moments where we do not see people killed or trapped in quick or slow motion (my favorite was the momentary-guide-how skeletons they rotoscoped that amazes me). <br /> I neglected to describe the draw as it would defeat the purpose of really recommending it. If you are already a dead-hard in this kind of style and approach to the animation scheme there will be problems depending on the extent of faction warfare or a 'girl' or princess in danger or a hero has to prove himself or yada yada, So enough to say it's over, well, firefighters against ice, and characters named Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest man in the most and most comical-book of appearance) and Teegra (the typical hottie is in almost * tou * perfect for adolescent teen fantasy figures). What the plot does, as an advantage, is to allow a series of cliffhangers and bits suspended around the action, the progress of the danger of the next big battles, as when the Ogres are hunting after Teegra and have sustained with monsters Suddenly crazy and animals burst from trunks of trees and lakes. And for every usual Bakshi, it conjures up some dig (if not usual to familiarize its lunacy) in the middle of all this awesome right material. If you've seen Wizards, you'll understand what I mean in a smaller limit. <br /> So, if you're an animated scrub, seek out this out for some 'old-school' (ie 1980) stocks and incredible design. For everyone else, it's ... good, not great, as I might say without fail about the 21st century logic extension, with some refurbishment, 300.
