I will not claim to be a fan of Ralph Bakshi, because I am not. I only watched 5 of her animated film so far: Coonskin, Wizards, Fritz the Cat and Lord of the Rings and finally "Fire and Ice". What I can claim is that I found "fire and ice" to be most enjoyable in the lot. It's a straightforward story of sword and sorcery on the lines of the Conan Barber, but the beautiful artistic, realistic animation and live movie scores effectively confer a very classic classic movie here. , is animation in itself. I do not care for those who say about rotoscoping but in my opinion Ralph Bakshi uses this technique very effectively here. I was surprised at how realistic the movements of the characters were. The style of LED and the photo-realistic character drawings made "Fire and Ice" feel more like a budget fantasy budget than a cartoon. Unfortunately the level of art detail tends to get a little consistent, especially near the end of the movie. Some scenes just look really flat and little have no body contours detailing or folding fabrics with shade on their characters. <br /> With realistically moving characters, realistic action would naturally follow. Not only was the action quite choreographed, but it was really brutal. I would be so bold as to compare the brutality of the action action movie action such as the 300 Zack Snyder. I noticed however that if blood had been spotted, without the splatters being kept at a minimum. Again, a great choice by the creative team that only increases the look experience does not take things too "over the head". Even though I do not recognize any "big name" in the cast, the voice actors manage to deliver a satisfied performance; Keeping the delivery of each line realistically submitted and only hamming it up in the case of the bad guys. <br /> <br /> Do I say bad guys? yes i did. Because that's exactly what the story is about, a good standard against vs. evil story. There is nothing really original about the story that seems to merely be a mix of pre-existing fantasy movie cliche that involves sailing skirmish with warriors and maids. Anyone looking for "depth" might be seriously disappointed. These characters do not give much development and some of them like Nekron and Darkwolf are the only one of the best (I did however hear rumors in some delusional scenes that explain Darkwolf's mania and kill Nekron with his mom .. Scene as they deserve full restoration and should have been included in the final cut to add a depth of depth to the show). In fact, I would not be surprised to find that the film all was just a "demo technology" of the animation show awesome and artistic, and the story paved along with the cast as a request in order to pass it as a good " film ".. A true classic of a vintage era," Fire and Ice "really captures the blazing and mysterious adventure with its beautiful renderings of fantastic creatures and charming characters. It's a unique vision of a world created by Ralph Bakshi and artist Frank Frazetta with a good measure of action and suspense. <br /> Will it hold up to today's animated movie movie? Definitely not. But I encourage fans in general to "get in your high horse" and give this movie simple but nice a chance to grow on you. It's really a gem of the 80s worth checking out.
