Before regular commentary, my main curiosity about this is not a song love is that while there's a running time listed on IMDb in 94 minutes, the DVD from Wellspring Media in the United States runs 88 minutes. Any opinion about this is appreciated! <br /> Two friends and pretty rough lives take on the road for an adventure. What are the winds up there is just that, and one accidentally shot a girl and the two survived by foot in the country. Rather than just a great run, the movie is complicated by the Daft and rather spike kids behaving badly, and clutching her boom box like a teddy bear. Some viewers can tell the story based solely on the character spike, but without a bit of frustration added to the story, the movie would have been too easy. You will notice the way the most stable character Heaton refers to Spike as "big man" in the spike's "kid's" controversy from attitudes and behavior. Frankly, I too was aggravated by ridiculous spike action, especially the spray can be revived, but in a desperate situation it's apparent a person's mentality would choose a temporary escape. But Heaton has kept things in checking up things to find ways on himself as well. Kenny Glenaan as Heaton is a wonder, and after a while I'm wondering why in the heck he wants to pick Spike out of prison and continue to be a friendship, due to Glenaan's great performance. After all, there are many reasons why they can be a good idea for Heaton just to Spike Spike and try to save himself. I think Heaton felt like a brother of older spike protection, and the loyalty between the two is hard to break - until things are too desperate. While some of the cinematography are indeed artsy, it offers more taste to history instead of just shots of men running in the desert. The beautiful scenery, rain, and vast green skies offer a tone of tone that increases the feeling of the tragic circumstances. The note is unusual as well, with the use of the song 's Public Image Ltd "This is not a love song" and as the title of the movie is quite clever. <br /> In general, it's clear if you do not care for this is not a song singing love it focuses on two personality contrast to escape from another person to determine their hunting down (played by a cool, quiet David Bradley ). It's not great-budget entertainment action. For the rest of us who enjoy finding something minimal and dramatic, it's time consuming to spend, and it takes some tense moments to keep you breathing a bit. <br /> I really enjoy the film from Scotland lately, with this one love, the Dog Soldiers, and the Devil's Tattoo. I am also a little grateful for the subtitles offered on this DVD, as accents are sometimes lightning fast and difficult for some viewers like me to understand. <br /> <br /> Frustrating, dark, and often tense, not a love song is very tragic yet telling stories <br /> <br />
