This audience is pleased with a number of movie festivals, and it's not hard to see why. Director of Yang Zhang, with the help of some very beautiful work by the three actors principles, Xu Zhu as the father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as the eldest son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as irresistible and lovable younger son, Er Ming, turns a story that will warm the heart to the coldest. The movie begins with a man taking a shower in an automatic booth in the middle of Beijing. He put some money in a place, open the door and took his clothes and put some of them on a conveyor belt to be cleaned, staged in the shower and gets cleaned with brushes and squirts of water and soap as if it is a machine to wash the car. This is the symbolic future spoken, and the old swim we will see in the next stage is the past. Agrarian China will provide China's industrial way. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Cultural revolution panels? Blues industrialization There is no way. What we have here is a celebration of people and goodness and love for one another, a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men. But I wonder how the Chinese government sees this film. On the one hand, it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people. It is serial non-critical slogan of the regime expressed or implied. But there is the slightest sense that the old ways will be replaced by something that can not be as good. I think Yang Zhang was wise to just leave that as he can. Tell a story about old men in the basin where they get back rubbed with massage, where they tell tall stories and reminisce about the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and battle cricket scene, where the Master is a spry and old wise guy and his assistant is his son, who can delay or autistic, but does his job with Glee with an infectious spirit of pleasure and good will. , Da Ming, who is polished, well-groomed and taciturn. It is uncomfortable with what he sees as the sophisticated behavior of his father and brother. It represents modern China with her tie and her briefcase, her cell phone and her education. He only returned because he thought his father was dead. When she sees that this is not true, she packs her bags and puts it back to her wife and her career. But then a crisis induced and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural, those who centered the life of his father and his brothers lived. <br /> So Yang Zhang reconciles the old and new, and does so in a good way that I will not be objects, especially since his style is so clean and so carefully expressed. One of the beautiful things he does is missing in most movies is his way dovetails the subplots of the biggest story so that they settle before the photo ends. Regularly in the bathtub singing "O my mio" in the bathtub as the showers shower down on him, lots of fun at Er Ming, find that she can not sing in public because of scary stages. Throughout the movie she lost her performances and songs thanks to some inspired inspirations from Er Ming. And the regular bath that lost his wife because ... well, he told a story Master Liu before confessing the real reasons. But Liu understands and again before the movie is over, husband and wife are reconciling. This kind of "happy ending" film-making is strange in today's artistic and international films, or in almost any movie directed at adults. Some happy windows are so comparable as embarrassing not only the conflicts, but their audiences. And some are so blatantly convinced that the audience is offended. Here however the audience is very happy. <br /> <br /> Look at this especially for the comedy performance by Wu Jiang who warns her to tackle any type of disability she can have.
