"Cow" is a serious look at the consequences of growing too fast in the 1980s. And unlike the sexiest teen sex coverage (Porky, The High Ridgement High Times), the movie keeps up well against time. His term of teenage angst is as important today as it was 25 years ago with Jodie Foster and Sk8er Boi Scott Baio (remembering him?) Leading a fine cast this young, is well worth watching. The film follows four Southern California girls as they move through a root existence of sex and drugs and devoid of their parents. Youth spend the days in and out of school and nights in parties, concerts, or out the street. Rarely are home because instant recognition is a pill, part, or boy away. <br /> But rather than being convicted, the movie is sympathetic, blaming absent, non-incarnate adult forcing young people to grow alone. And the charisma disposal is impossible to grip. <br /> <br /> Opening the movie ?? a long pan with love - sets the tone for what follows. We see the girls sleeping in the middle of the objects that define young children, from Twinkies to a photograph of a young John Travola, while Donna Summer "On the radio" is scored below .. Speed ​​as top girls to go to school and to life. Annie (Runaway Cockroach Cherie Currie) is wild boar who lives for the next part or seeds. Deirdre (Kandice Stroh) is the boy mad drama queen. Madge (Marlilyn Stroh) is the shy girl in her head. And Foster is the one with the plan. It's his job to keep this crew together long enough to finish high school while keeping divorced and desperate his mother in line (Sally Kellerman). It is almost impossible to work with one who Foster finally fails. <br /> <br /> Despite its age, "Fox" remains a pleasure to watch. Dated hair, clothes, and references to Olympic skater Dorothy Hamill does not hurt the movie. <br /> <br /> The cinematography is simply stunning, with breathtaking vaccine filter in the L.A bath. at dawn, and at night. Giorgio Moroder adds a 80s soundtrack featuring love at Donna Summer and Janis Ian. Perhaps the biggest movie deception is that the young stars around Foster never break like the strokes of "St. Elmo's Fire" (1985) or "Empire Records" (1995). "Cow" shows why they should have. But perhaps like Bowling for the Soup song "1985," they just hit a wall.
