I saw this film in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and I went to Arizona State and really enjoyed seeing where I spent so much time. I remember at the time thinking that Barbara's venture into more of a rock sound (actually R and B-in my ear) was a single success. I have never been a fan of Christ's song until his last effort to New West. As a songwriter and an actor, though, he has serious injuries, IMHO. I think it's a fine romance. I love it better than the Judy Garland version and never saw Selznick's original Janet Gaynor. <br /> I believe that made some changes to this long-awaited DVD release. Among other things, I remember the helicopter injection that reveals a longer and more dramatic sunrise to Sun Devil Stadium. I wish they had done a better job of writing music for Christ or God for forgiving, putting some of his original songs in there. <br /> <br /> Together these lines I have some information from a main source saying that the music was a problem for Christ and Barbara. While interviewing my own music documentary, the Rocking Boat: A Conversation with Music and Travel, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, a fine singer / songwriter / poet related to Christie's professional and personal link, Bonnie Raitt, and Delbert McClinton, among many others. Stephen was in the "Speedway," Jan Norman character. Christ had a difficult time to turn that which was essentially a pop score of something that could last for rock. Stephen was and is the friend of Christ and long-time members. There was tension on the series and at one point the band was barking in the presence of Christ in Christ. He noticed that the group should not talk to him like that. Christ came back to the effect that his friends were and were rock and roll! In the end, Barbara came and decided to use Christ's live performances in the film and especially Stephen's role in doing things work. I became the greatest respect for her as an artist when she heard this story. Many are made into it as a diva. What it is a pro. And I'm not gay. Not that there is anything wrong with that.
