A blockbuster at the time of it's original released (it was the second-highest bust film in 1976), the third screen version of a STAR IS DO still has to divide criticisms and fans alike. The film was opened for negative negative review, however, $ 5.6 million-budget photo went to gross about $ 150 million in the box office and won an Academy Award and five Golden Globes. It's not without some Streisand's most successful commercial irony that would remain its most controversial. For all ten stagers who claim STAR is Streisand's best film, there are still ten more claiming it is the weakest film in his pornography. Although both sides have some merit to support their claims, it should still be noted that the SEASON'S STAR IS BORN remains one of the most touchy and very entertaining dramatic show that Hollywood has ever produced. For my money, it's the best version of the story often said. The film is solidly enjoyable and naked absorbed. Changing the environment of the old Hollywood Studio studio system in the competitive world of the music industry was actually a great idea, and the scenario forges a realistic contrast between romance characters and their career. This is the main area that the 1976 version of a Star is actually surpassing its classic premieres. For example, the film is especially successful when describing the personal difficulties and professional difficulties during recording sessions and never-ending phone calls that interrupt the attempts at Kristofferson. This version of the story is also more credible in it's painted in the lead characters. For example, the female drivers of the two previous versions were so virtuous and self sacrificed that they came on as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female lead in this version, is not only described as being strong and passionate, but also flawless and conflicting. This makes it feel more "real" than Janet Gaynor's or character Judy Garland felt in previous films and makes the story more effective. <br /> <br /> Performances are all on target, though some of the characters are supported by meat out enough. If you are looking for an actress / singer who can walk fine lines between hard and vulnerable without making himself seem like a script constraint, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. It is one of the few movie stars that can make even the most banal looks like cool and natural, and, as usual, it manages to make a strong emotional connection with the viewer. Simply put, his Esther is a totally accomplished, three-dimensional person. Kris Kristofferson can not now be very respectful for his wear-back characterization, however, it has always been interesting to watch and show a magnetic charisma here that he rarely appears elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson has actually received revisions at the time from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even the NEW YORKER is usually vicious Pauline Kael. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also provide credible performance, but both have a fairly minimal amount of screen time. The sound movie recording was also a massive success, hit # 1 on the Hot Fold 200 and sold over four million copies in the United States alone. The Streisand-Compound "Evergreen" (with lyrics of Paul Williams) is unarguably one of the most gorgeous songs in contemporary pop, brought to life even more by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance from Streisand. The rest of the original movie (mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are very good as well, with Streisand's fantastic sound - solo live live in the memory long after the rest of the movie was faded. Streisand's vibrant performance brings "women to the moon" and "with another look at you" in wonder of life and make the same sillier numbers as "Queen Bee" work far better than they are entitled. Kristofferson's solo number sounds a bit safe, however, that may have been intentional since playing a singer in decline. Even though naturally dating in some respects (it definitely reflects the decadence of what it did), the sixties taking on a STAR IS BORN always keep up considerably well. The film is well-mounted and slickly produced, the chemistry between the leads is very powerful and still feels genuine, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the final which are both dangerous to the effectiveness. In conclusion, A STAR IS BORN is not only fun and moving, but it also transcends all critics.
