Thirty years after its initial release, the third version of "A Star-Made" finally came DVD in a package that should please the most devoted fans of Barbra Streisand. This would include me since I just saw her in concert singing among the other feminists in the "Woman of the Moon" in this 1976 film. Easy to dismiss, the career-polarized story is like a solid pile of Hollywood -style glowing that the variation it exists in other films including Streisand's own "funny girl". This time to resume the music scene then contemporary music, the timeway scheme follows self-destructive rock star John Norman Howard on his deep-dive descent as he meets singer Esther Hoffman who is waiting for great breaks li. <br /> <Problems of fresh dogs from the outset, as John Norman (both names please) respond to holding fans and DJs with random acts of violence (from which it inexplicably saves prosecution). Jan Norman, Esther represents her latest shot in happiness, and in turn, she is drawn to the creative, creative artist under the facade. At the most important stage of the movie, she gave Esther his great break at a benefit concert, and his career. Inevitably, he can not handle the bankruptcy of his career in light of its meteorological success, and if you are familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. Achieved by Frank Pierson (although the fundamental talent Streisand climbs to the exhibits), the movie still manages to draw me in, though I know it is unfamiliar and manipulative. It still has a certain emotional response despite its many flaws. Although Streisand in his prime seems like the ideal choice to play a rising song star, his screen characters are simply too strong and predefined to play Esther credibility. The same can be said for his performance style since the script looks to make his material allocations Adult Contemporain-oriented materials must be accepted in the otherwise otherwise stubborn world of rock terrain. From this moment he pops himself as among the Oreos, he can not help but come across as an established star. I can just forgive the mistake simply because it's an unusual vocal talent, but it's less forgiving than he's making Esther more fortunate than ever when John Norman's misfortune becomes overwhelming. This creates a dynamic discomfiting dynamics in the last part of the film when it gets less out on what caused the climactic event than Esther's response. This is capped off by an uninterrupted eight-minute pre-up in her memorial performance - great except when it regrétably reproduces Jan Norman's style toward the end. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson, on the other hand, provides a superb performance at all, managing an honesty level that causes the film and make his horrible feelings in love, pride and resentment toward Esther. He made it vodka-dip the most bold scene in this context. Otherwise, what always strikes me as strange about this version is how all the characters support are relegated in the background as if they did not exist unless they interacted with the two principals. The only registered people are Paul Mazursky as director-level director Jan Norman at Brian and Gary Busey as his Bobbie Shameless manager. Veteran cameraman Robert Surtees gives a nice candle to the movie even if a level of graininess persists in the print. A great seller of his day, the band is an environment of different genres from the 1970s - some still good songs ("All", "Woman of the Moon", "Look Now Now"), there are Some have moved to kitsch ("Queen Bee", Kenny Loggins' "I Believe in Love") and of course, the inevitable "Evergreen". <br /> <br /> The print edition of the 2006 DVD is clean and sound in gratitude thanks to digital remastering. Streisand's involvement is the lure of chief of the extras to begin with its commentary-length comments. It provides perspectives on the genesis of the film, the casting and the reporting troubled. She is also fruity fringe on the megalomania of Jon Peters, her barber boyfriend who became the film's producer, and his dissatisfaction with Pierson as a director. I just want it could give more scenes-specific comments that directly relate to what's on screen. It also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood hit him, as it tired to hear for the third time how the person playing the driver was a friend of Peters. I think he had a second commentator could draw out other nuggets from him. There is a wardrobe test coating that displays some 1970 dresses, especially the Poncho Kristofferson's mixed-color polyester and orange polyester shirt. There are also twelve deleted scenes including and Streisand if you wish. One is a funny bread-baking scene that reminds me how much I love Streisand in Cancer Cancer. Another is an extended scene in which he plays "Evergreen" on the guitar in front of a cryofferson awestruck that then falls asleep. The most interesting is another take on the final music that incorporates cutting fast, which I agree with Streisand should be used. Well, the theater trailers for all three versions of "A Star-born" are also included.
