I've always been a big fan of James Bond! I've seen almost all the movies except for dying another day, and the world is not enough. The Graphic for All Or Nothing Is Enlightening! The talent voices ......... WOW! I love PIERCE BROSNAN! It is finally Bond in a video game! It is BOND! I enjoyed the past bonding games: Goldeneye, the world is not enough, Silver Under Fire, and Nightfire. This one is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (can I call him Mr. Brosnan as a sign of respect? Yes I can!) It was an exciting phenomenon to hear in a video game ....... AT LONG LAST! DUH! I saw him doing with Robin Williams, and let me tell you, to make a great team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, very bad guy (I mean to say badly in a good way) and just one of the actors who you want to walk up and wrap your arms around and hug, saying "Pierce Brosnan, tell you thanks for being James Bond, "" If it were not for you, I would not know who James Bond is. "He's a great actor! I'm a big fan of William Dafoe though I've seen him in a couple of movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Did I spell the name of the character?) LOL !!!! He does a good job with an accent. Sometimes I can not even hear an accent. I saw William, I mean Mr. Dafoe, made in two movies: Finding Nemo, and Spider-Man and my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! Li ROCKS! Anyway, He never ceases to be surprised. With Richard Kiel, wow, he definitely got the party to pin the Jaw. I saw him in the movie and it's awesome! As a matter of fact, my grandparents met Mr Kiel, and I was jealous when they told me. But Kirsten Dunst is on top of my list of the Celebrity that I want to meet. Jan Cleese was breathtaking. I never saw someone playing better like the wisecracking, and Gadgets create Q! Mr. Cleese was hilarious! I saw him working with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow never dies. It is awesome! Most recent projects by Jan Cleese are Mike Macer's 2 starring Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) GOOD LUCK 007! Oh yes, and as Q Alway says: "Grow up 007!"
