I'm a big fan of saying anything, Jerry Maguire, and almost famous (I was not great on Singles), so it's safe to say that I look forward to anything that Cameron Crowe attaches to his name. I went to see Vanilla Sky said it was a very strange movie and that I probably would not like it if I had hoped anything like the other movie Crowe. Well, she just saw it, let me say that the former was incorrect, and the latter could not have been more wrong. It's a very unusual movie, and nothing really comes together until the end. Anyone telling you that they've seen half of the movie is either your sex or is able to tear off the retrospect from memory. Anyway, the movie was stellar, and I looked forward to becoming DVD DVD DVDs. I was moved by the movie, and felt emotionally spent at the end. This is an experience that will draw from the viewer all spectrum of human emotions, if the viewer allows him / herself to draw. In the theater in which I saw the movie, there were more than a few people who were clearly losing track of the film and being bored by it when they found that they could get back to the plot. I'm sure others just lack the ability to properly follow any movie like this. I do not mean that firefighter sounds, but some people have more cut out for Seagal, Chan, Van Damme in movies, and these are the kind that probably would not like this movie. It is very cerebral, so be sure to prepare for a mental bender twice, as well as many thought later. As far as comparing this movie to other Crowe movies, it's very similar in at least one consideration, in all Crowe movies, the band is a character for himself. This is almost definitely due to the tune that controls the musical Crowe, as anyone who has seen famous Germans know, and at her marriage to Heart Nancy Wilson. He also deserved to remember that there was a definite chemistry between Tom Cruise's act and Crowe's direction that made the film seem familiar to everyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my mind, it's not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if I compared this movie to any other movie, I would say this: if you enjoyed David Fincher in the game, you'll almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla sky.
