How strange the human idea is; This center of activity with perceptions of reality is formed and stored, and in which one sees the world's hinges on the finely tuned function of the brain, this most delicate and complicated processor in all of this they are sensory. And how much we really know of it-inside-function, in-depth or ability? What's the spirit that allows us to discover between reality and a dream? Or can we? Maybe our sense of reality is no more than an impression of what we actually see, such as looking at a painting by Monet, in which vanilla sky in its vision becomes our reality. It is a concept visited by film director Cameron Crowe in his imaginative and conscious-minded movie, 'Vanilla Sky,' starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherited an empire published by his father. Fifty-one percent controls his interest, however, made him something of a marked person, as there are seven members of his board of directors, and each himself swears more worthy than the young ladies in lion's share in the company. And feeding their fire into dissatisfaction is the perceptions that David lacks the focus of the job. <br /> <br /> Admittedly, David loves to play; Still, it's in control of the business and doing what it sees fit, if the board (it's referred to as `the seven noses' likes it or not, and no one ever has the courage to challenge it directly. During a birthday party honored in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that the seven are just something behind his back. At the moment, however, The past on David's mind; He had a casual affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even moved to the burner back when he met a woman in her party that she can not get out of her mind "Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after knowing her for one night, she becomes an essential part of her life - which is about to be turned upside down, as on the morning after her part , it takes a decision that will change his life forever, and it is about to learn that sometimes there simply will not be back. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe has been manufacturing and dispensing Re more than just another movie with this one; far more than a movie, 'vanilla sky' is a vision to achieve. Starting with the first images that appear on screen, it features a visually stunning experience that is both viscerally and cerebral affects. It's a self-twisting mystery that will swallow you up and sweep you away; Emotionally, it's a hurry - and it can leave you exhausted, because it requires some effort to stay with it. But it's worth it. Thinking 'Memo' with a rock rolling drive with a vibrant attack of color was posted by the stroke of the Impressionist brush. There is darkness and light, and the sound of books and drives until you can feel the blood flow through your veins and vibrations in your brain. And all played out on a landscape of virtual reality sliding downward ever-expanding vanilla skies. Simply put, this one on a real trip; it's interesting - and it's a Bender yourself. <br /> As on the performances here, people can not get past the top-series of Tom Cruise as Maverick's `Top Gun, 'or His Ethan Hunt in` Mission Impossible,' or those who see Only him as a 'movie star' rather than an actor, will need to think again in light of his work here. Because like David Aames, Cruise provides the best performance in his career, one that should check any doubts as his ability as an actor to the door. He has made some interesting career choices in recent years, and films such as `Magnolia 'and' Eyes Wide Shut 'are simply warm-ups for the very real and complex complex he created here. And give it credit, too, to take on a role that dispels any sense of worthlessness; This is Cruise as you've never seen it before. 'Jerry Maguire' earned him an Oscar nomination, and this one should also, as well as the admiration and reputation of his peers. Cruise is not only good at this movie, it is remarkable. Penelope Cruz turns into an exceptional, if not exceptional performance, as well as Sofia, the woman of David's dream. There's an incredible innocence it brings to the role that works well for her character and make it forthcoming and accessible, yet she miss any hint of mystery that may have added special `something extra 'to the party. But Crowe knows how to get out of the best of his actors, and he certainly did with Cruz. <br /> He also knows what he did with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely vibrant in the role of Julie. It never looks best, and fairly sizzles on screen. But make no mistake, this has no 'window-dressing' party, and Diaz delivers a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can be measured, in fact, to the impact it does with time-limited screen time. And it's the character it's so integrated with all its natural beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable. In general, a terrific job by Diaz. The journals included Kurt Russell (Dr McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr Pomerantz), Noe Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (`LE Man), Jean Carol (Woman in New York) and Jan Fedevich (Silent Ed). About halfway the way, this one can you challenge your own sense of reality; but rest assured, at the end of 'vanilla sky' all will be revealed. It's a reality-bender, to be sure, with a single stick; but this is amusing fun that offers a satisfying - and unique - experience, one you have to see to believe. It's the essential, and absolute, magic of the movies. 10/10. <br /> <br />
