I for one really like this movie for some reason I'll be late, but I want to touch on why I think people do not like it. The first, there are those who just love hated Tom Cruise. I do not really understand it. Secondly, Cameron Crowe I think successfully *** off of film-spectator groups with this movie. It's casual, relaxed, "does not think too hard" group of movie-goers remain confused when the draw takes a full 180 end of the movie. With deep, philosophical, mystery-fans are devastated when Crowe has one of its characters fully explaining the mystery. <br /> This is a good movie. And Tom Cruise does a very good job of it. I think it's probably her best performance at what I've seen all if I have not seen all of her movies, or even a majority of them probably. Throwing in support is good as well. Penelope Cruz provides a solid performance with Jason Lee being enjoyable. <br /> I love the story, and I think this wind vanilla is more than anything. It's a mystery, an adventure, and a romantic comedy, but it's just just a good story. And he has a lot of abusive philosophical readings, and many similar ideas as stories like this happen in historical philosophy. David Aames (Cruise) is the man who has everything he wants, more or less to lose it, being given a second chance and a catch to regain it all back, and in the end facing his demon, It's the full scope of what's happening, choosing reality, simplicity, and the normality to see if it can finally find one thing it can never get an outlet on: happiness. Many people were disappointed that Crowe put out the complete mystery to the end. I think it is necessary. The audience then knows beyond a shadow of a doubt that David is aware of his circumstances and makes the choice to the end all the more powerful. <br /> And the music of the movie is great. It's probably what makes the film as enjoyable as it is. Particularly, "Njosnavelin" by Sigur Ros, an amazing song. <br /> In all, I would give it 3 out of 4 stars. It's a movie and some subjects for those who like to think things through, and a great story for people relaxing. That "moderate approach" is probably why people flu very much because it is not a full blown mystery, or a beloved sound story. It combines with matching different elements and styles.
