I really enjoyed this movie because I have a tremendous interest in American history ... The years Antebellum and the Civil War in particular. I bought it recently from a previously-seen rack on the sale of the supermarket and I was very happy to add this one to my video story collection. Even though not in the caliber of Civil War films such as "Glory" or "Gettysburg," provides a lot of stories about the pre-civil war fraternity among the West Point cadets. Maybe it's the gray, youth, or military discipline uniforms, but I'm fascinated by the story of the body of Cadets from around 1830 to the side of the war. I imagine what he should love to sit in a classroom with other young men, learn how to do battle, later put the lessons to use against your own classmates! <br /> <br /> Actually, there were two graduates in 1861: a class in May, the other in June. The film does not make any mention of this, except for mentioning Henry A. DuPont, the first graduate in May class; and George Custer, the latest degree in the June class. The reason for the two classes was not so much about the war, but the result was changed back to a four course of study, after a few years of experimenting with a five-year course (I think the first class was went on five years, the other for four). As the film shows, the cadets were like brothers and often had surnames for each other ... George "Fanny" or "Autie" Custer; Alonzo "Lon" Cushing; James "Beauty" Stuart (for JEB Stuart, class of 1854), etc. <br /> I say that this movie is "Santa Fe Trail" as it should have been because that movie 1940, while enjoyable, really fudges story. The many different courses are all graduated together. JEB Stuart and George Custer are presented as their best friends and side by side to stand John Brown in 1859 insurrection at Ferry Harper. In fact, Stuart and Custer were never friends but enemies during the war. They were faced with each other (for the first time, I think) at Gettysburg in 1863 (Stuart was at Harper's Ferry stop but Custer was still a cadet to the point when it took place) <br /> <br / > "Fanny" Custer plays a role in the "Class of '61," though his classmates, Dev O'Neill and Shelby Peyton are fictional. I believe they are respectively based on Partick Henry O'Rorke and Jan Pelham, of whom you can watch. <br /> In any way, I really enjoy this movie or any movie that gives a window in the middle of the 19th century America.
