Someone (or, something else ...) will let scars paint on the jugular victims and dry them until they die. Police detective Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas, before slipping out of the movie B-film horror film for bigger heights) is stumped at that .. what .. behind these notorious crimes. The village overwhelmed by hysteria and Karl dependent on his genius medical practice, Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill, in yet another effective role of Madness) gives some feedback on what might be the causes of the innocent deaths. He also cares for his beloved Ruth's safety (the beautiful fairy Wray star for the third time and Atwill after "Doctor X" & "The Mystery of the Wizard Museum") is the Niemann assistant. Dwight Frye steals the movie as a village soldier rather than lions who collect batons and brings a relentless attitude wherever it goes .. it's easy to see why it gets a suspicion as the local paranoia at a fever site. Maude Eburne gives the film humor as a very naive (and easily influenced) patient from the Niemann who believes he has illness read on books near the laboratory where he works. It's impressively and often in Niemann's just humor and constant fictional illness he feels plagued by it. Lionel Belmore returns as yet another scary, Bürgermeister superstitious. <br /> <br /> Critique, static, but rather fun however thanks to the throw. The movie is obviously as low-budget as it comes, but it does not hurt the movie too much since it's put together rather well by director Frank R Strayer and his crew. I'm sure the print film has seen better days, though. This is the kind of B-terror item you would get packed in with 50 other random cheeses and poverty arm programmers. The movie crowds .. and its motive for eating a synthetic biological creation ..certainly provides a different take on the Frankenstein formula. Many would be disappointed with the end results as the movie lost away from being a supernatural supernatural story about a real vampire assassin causing the killings.
