In an attempt to cash in on the success of the Universal Horror Film Game's Majestic Pictures, several popular actors come from the genre of actuality and put them in the effort that (realistic talk) is nowhere near as good. With that, that's always everyone's worth and it's a heck of a lot of fun to see and in my opinion it's better than most of what's supposed to happen nowadays as horror! History takes place in the German town of Klineschloss where their bodies are stacked up completely in the bloodstream and with suspicious disruptions. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) spoke "It's Vampire" but Karl Brettschneider's local police chief (Melvyn Douglas) thinks he's a responsible person and promised to hold him. ALERT ***** The Burgermeister and most of the popular cities think that the local Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who loves to stick and often speaks is one of them looking for them and chases him until he falls to death in a cave. Someone responsible for the killings is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill) who created a new tissue form of blood tissue and does not have some sort of control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) which goes from night to collecting the blood. Dr. Otto has a very well-known assistant Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an aggressive anniversary named Gussie (Maude Eburne) but they have no signs of it being up to Karl eventually becoming suspicious when one of the killers takes place after Herman's death. br> <br /> Frank R. Strayer had not been confused with being Whale James but he was a very competent director who ended up ruling most of the "Blondie" films in this series and this film he used to put together They even came from the "Old House Dark" which was also filmed at Universal. I'm the first to admit that this film is outright clumsy at times but it's practically impossible to resist a movie that has a cast like this Frye who is pretty much doing his Renfield role only this time he befriends the stick and stroke them and keep them in your pocket to keep safe! One thing that just does not make sense is the self-control that Dr. Otto has more than Emil as the movie never explained this and I had a strong sense that this was some sort of head on "The Cabinet of Dr Caligari "but on the other hand it's probably just the weakest part of the script. There are some other tidbits that I noticed including the Frye Frye Caves that are obviously an early shot of the Canyon's infamous bronze where many other films are made and Wray's brown hair is its true color. True horror movie fans will appreciate this much more than others but I think this is a fun movie to see for everyone with a cast as attractive as this is well worth a look.
