This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time in my opinion, thought it provocative, funny and sad with amazing performances all around !. All the characters are wonderful, and the story is just brilliant!, Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are simply amazing in this! The finish is very powerful, but I'm not going to spoil it for you, and I thought the development of the head was tooth!, The more you can really relate to all of the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, as you will rooting them !, the more I liked how it moved slowly, and given us a chance to get to know all the characters and what's on. I can not believe that this only has a rating of 5.9 over here as it should be higher in my opinion, and it was funny to see Randy Quaid in this type of role, plus this is very well written and made too !. A scene that really happened to me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) is totally embarrassed by her mother to have the party, and the film has a lot of surprising moments as well!, The more dialogue is especially excellent. This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time (In my opinion), thinking it provoked, funny and sad with amazing performances all around, and I say go to see it instantly!, You tie them love it! The direction is fantastic! Adrian Lyne does a fantastic job here, and works awesome camera, and keeps the movie in a very hideous rhythm! The actress is amazing !. Jodie Foster is really beautiful, and as amazing as always, she was very likable, cared for, had an adorable character, was intense in some scenes, focused, and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the movie as Jeanie and Annie! (Foster Rule !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is hot, and amazing here, I really felt sorry for her character, as she had a very versatile character who just needed help, gave a powerful performance, and created a very memorable character she was amazing! . Scott Baio is great as Brad was really likable, and did his job well I loved him. Randy Quaid is great in her great role as I loved her. Sally Kellerman is great as my dear mother loves him. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good Madge and Deirdre, and they did what they did as well as other friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here, as it was cool to see her, not much at a party though. Rest of the cast does fine. In general go see it immediately, it's an underrated masterpiece !. ***** from 5
