Basically the same exact same film as Vincent Vincent's First Price First House hit the previous year - but seriously concerned, because the "mad magician" offers just as many absolute emotions, succulent periods, D effect, sublime performance acts with awful ridiculous horror as its predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly that writer Wilson Crane ought to have thought when he wrote the character Don Gallico, another soul of torment besieged and out to revenge against his evil. Don Gallico is about to perform his very first illustrative illusionist show as the Gran Gallico and plans to show the greatest magic trick in history; entitled "The Girl and the Buzz See". Gallo promoting solo career is abruptly ruined before he even begins when his employer Ross Ormond appears on stage and shows a contract under his nose, stating that all Gallico's inventions are the legitimate property of the company. The pacific and merciless Ormond, who by the way also reassured the beloved Gallico's wife, took off with the buzz to see his trick and program at the rival Gallic's Great Rinaldi's rival show. Inevitably Gallico snaps with saddened Ormond, but ?? also being a master in creating disabilities ?? recreates his victim image and even begins to lead a double life. The "Angry Magician" is a fun and well-humorous horror movie of the 50-year-old Grand Guignol style, with a lot of twists imagined improbably (the owner turns out a brilliant crime novelist?) With a handful of ghosts grotto-out ghosts (although they obviously remain suggestive for most parties). 3-D takes pleasure in near the beginning of the movie, as a Yo-Yo player with a jump trick and stream, simply just as time-filler and contemporary 50 of hype, but it's always fun to look even now, and without the means to look good. The "Angry Magician" is also interesting from a periodic viewpoint of life, as the events taking place around fingerprints began to be used as evidence material and the character of Alice Prentiss is an obvious reference to the most perceived crime popular in that era. Needless to say, Vincent Price remains the absolute element of the triumph of this film, as well as from almost all of the other horrors of this legendary legend. As no other actor was ever able to accomplish, the painter's prostitute cost teased that steadily descended more and more into mental madness in such a way indescribably fascinating. You have mercy on Don Gallico, again at the same time you fear it enormously. You support his wrong actions in retaliation and yet you realize that the assassination assassination must end in death. Vincent's price was simply a genius actor and, in my modest views, the achievements of the horror genre.
