BETAY NOTORI Page Written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Directed by Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define someone who has always been between two worlds, one of the presumed sinners, and one of the supposed rediscovery? Especially when this person eventually succumbed to a personality disorder split in his last year as if to demonstrate his own point. If you are the director of Mary Harron, you do not shy away from showing the nature of the nature of the nature of the nature of the nature of the BETTIE NOTORIOUS. You allow characters to float back and forth between forgiveness of the healing of God's power and the church and the seduction of seduction in control and domination given during his years as a pinup pattern. When they do, they offer audience a complex character that is proposed forward by a desire to leave their difficult past and a fun naive of others' lust for her and to reconcile her image in God's eyes. Come the right time, it will no longer matter how much the eyes are on it because there is one fear that counts. <br /> <br /> In particular, the black and white injections (with some unnecessary bursts of color), the NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE is at times a light, comedy comedy, making the movie an enjoyable experience and also one that pokes fun in as badly believed in corruption in pornography. But delicate to the director is more palpable felt during the times of despair. Harron is a sensitive, considerable director who does not send many pages and many devastating to abuse in the face of his viewer. Instead, it allows Gretchen Moll to be surprisingly effective, which plays the title role, the chance to hammer pain in her character in the viewer and fear of her eyes, fatigue is her weeping and shame on her skin. While most directors, perhaps men's directors, would find it essential to show the heroine of painful positions in order to draw a link between the atrocities of the atrocities placed on it and the place of life it took, Harron has too much compassion for her character, actress and audience. From vulnerability, Page Learning to trust people again and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image, the more she falls in love with admiration and control she has on the gaze. Since he has crossed the S & M field, he has found a way to combine his needs to be respected and the purpose he has been familiar to throughout his life. Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who is eager to control her life and destiny, yet she's still talking about where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realized that none of her choices were her own, she chose to embrace God and preach her words to those who will listen. The real sadness behind the most important decision is that it always leaves someone else guiding his eyes; He just has more confidence that this direction will be best for his soul.
