Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (the former lead singer of the All-Girl Runaways rock band in her first act can first), Marilyn Kagan, and Kandice Stroh are unbelievable, splendid and touching as the title quartet, which is a tight -Close trite clicks, fiduciary teenage girls and negligent, uncaring, self-absorbed parents who do their best to grow and unravel for themselves in the rich San Fernando Valley, California suburbs. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, engagements, and so on a tender gene when they are not completely prepared to fully possess up to the potentially dangerous consequences of decisions said. Foster, giving one of her most perceptive, affected and underlying performances to date, is basically the mother of the group presiding over the welfare of both herself and the others; It's mostly concerned about Currie's good-hearted, but reckless and self-destructive, with overlapping hedonist form making him lucky to meet a premature end. <br /> <br /> This picture offers an intense, insightful, often devastatingly credible and well-absorbed test of broken, dysfunctional families that exists directly under the neatly manicured suburbia surface and the tragic outcome of these families: hard, rugged but vulnerable and vulnerable children who have confronted the trials and tribulations of growing up on their own because their parents are either disagreement or even nonexistent. Adrian ("Fatal Attraction," "Jacob's Guy") Lyne's direction is both solid and vigilant while Gerald Ayres' script is a bit dirty and rambling, but in general it's always accurate in frank, fearless, insulting Your average wreckage nerve is chaotic, capricious and unpredictable everyday life. Leon The soft jewelry, dewy, almost pastoral cinematographer suggests a delicate sense and easily disadvantages of tranquility and innocence. Giorgio Moroder fixes the excellent score, making particularly effective use of Donna Summer's elegance "On the Radio." Throw the head-tooth include Sally Kellerman as neurotic, insecure, peevish mother, Scott Baio as a sweet skateboarder dude, Randy Quaid as Kagan's richest man, singer, British pop singer 60 of Adam Fosterless, absent father rock the developer, and Lois Smith as the Kagan suffers, overprotective mom. Apparently in short shorts are Robert Romanus (Mike Damone "Fast Times of Richmont High") as one of the Foster's ex-boyfriends Morose and a gawky, braces-wearing Laura Dern as an obnoxious party crasher. Achingly authentic, angrossing and deeply moving (Currie's grim final cynicism is very heart-breaking), "Fox" is quite simply one of the most unnamed and under-appreciated teen movies on early 80's adolescence la.
