... but the moviegoer's general migration can range from Mary "American Psycho" to look stylish to Harron's sexual psyche as seen in the lens of the Immortal Widow of Bettie Page. Did not make anyone with a recitation of the iconic statue of Mrs. Page, a premium and suitable valedict from Nashville, Tennessee, which moved to New York in hoping to be an actress and ended up becoming Queen's Bondage the universe. Neither I will run into the bio-pic plot to draw in the "Notorious Bettie Page," though I offer high credentials in the technical aspects of the movie (an animated sequel magazine covering streams instantly in mind), the bad use of a camera period despite. Finally, I will not hire timely approval of the film's theme of innocence and pervertion, freedom and control, the sacred and secular; they will have the viewer to absorb, if desired. The more changes, the more they remain the same, as the saying goes. What I'm going to ramble over on for a moment is the splendid performance of Gretchen Mol as Bettie Page. The truth, Mol's face seems almost nothing like Bettie, nor does it particularly build like Bettie (although only a fool would refuse these cute breasts, and no one is crazy me!). It's not even thick sports, bushes that hide Mrs. Madame Page's charm, but the fact remains that the Mol definitions the spirit of Page Bettie in every way, shape, and shape. It's a bravura "comeback" from a freelance semi-obscure. I have never met Mrs. Page (and unfortunately, never going, most likely), but I've devoured the photos and videos, and read all the bios and interviews available, bought the trading cards and other luck and finish, and Be honest, lusted for Mrs. Page ever since I've discovered her in my adolescence between covering dirt dust store in the barber shop with five and cents. Mol mole perfectly captures the essence of the woman as I become pregnant, no pun intended, in what I consider to be an Oscar-worthy performance. Tyler's books could never match the intensity of Mole's intensities in one million years, and I, for one, I am grateful to leave the project. It's not that I'd like to see her totally naked, I hasten to add, but I can not imagine that her brand of sensuality would be translated into the innocent innings of Bettie Page. <br /> The "Notli Bettie Page" is not for everyone, any more than slavery and discipline. I suspect he will do better on discs than in theaters; Fans fan devotees devoted to the curious will see in that. I can only hope that the DVD will be full shock to Bettie's expenses to show the uninitiated just how good a mole work done. <br /> <br /> Beyond that, a tip of the hat in a fine support cast, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw, whose celebrity celebrity photos were Bettie's door of immortality. A final note given to the young secretary that Mrs. Page has had no effect on her generation: Take a look at Madonna's bracelet cone and get back to us. Bettie Page is, whether you know it or not, true of fetishwear. Without her, Madonna and the rest of her family could never have existed.
