First of all, I've heard a lot about this movie, not least among the retro / vintage scenes and costumes lovers who absolutely love Bettie Page and she did not disappoint. The very own black and white shot and color added to key scenes, the film gives a feeling of documentary to the early life and career of Bettie Page. <br /> There are many things I did not know about pages. Firstly, there was the gang rape, later on, has its early attempts to develop a career acting and then glamorous pictures, primarily with a peupled camera club and men who can not get enough of it and later with the Klaws, Paula and Irving, who despite taking them into slavery and fetish pictures, come to everyone as very pleasant and friendly. If only modern porn producers were like that, perhaps better porn could be a consequence! For the most part, the film is neither a diagram of the plagiarism of pornography but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for those who produce fetish and nude photos of women. This environment was very repressive, perhaps in a great way because it meant that there was no 'saturation' effect that we have today when it comes to pornography. It also appeared much less harsh. Page comes across as a person who enjoys his work and does not appear to be degraded by it. In many of her photographs she has seen tied and gagged (and trying to hold a conversation), brandishing a whip with a bloom, so interesting photographers to take photos of her and see in the movie 'novice way' girlie manicure that look well tasted compared to this hardcore thing we have now. Page has never become an actress and rather desperate Pinocchio when he was in his thirties for 'Jesus Christ'. His belief in God and Jesus never went away, even when it was bound and gagged it still insisted that it gave a 'gift' by God to do 'this thing'. Seeing this movie, I have more knowledge of pages and awe in her modesty, beliefs and attitudes. It is one of a kind, compared to the identical trumpet blot we have today with someone who can actually say 'Have Life After Pornography'.
