"Notorious Bettie Page" (2005) <br /> <br /> Led by: Mary Harron <br /> <br /> Start: Gretchen Mol, Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, & David Strathairn <br /> <br /> MPAA Rating: "R" (for stripping, sexual content and some languages) <br /> It looks like if all celebrities are nowadays getting a biopsy on her life. From Ray Charles to Johnny Cash, biopic are very chic nowadays. The "Notorious Bettie Page" is the last of these to be released on DVD. He presented Gretchen Mol as the world's most comb-up model, Bettie Page and was filmed mostly in black and white with some color extracts. Unlike "Ray", "The Walking Line," and "Finding Neverland", however, this film will not be one to look out for at Oscars this year. This movie lacks emotional resonance that appears in other biopsy, and most of the most dramatic moments in Bettie's life are either completely ignored or merely suggested. That does not mean, however, that it is a bad movie. In fact, "Notorious Bettie Page" is a well-fun and complete movie - a solid work in the movies. This film focuses more on exciting pages of the page with a thin line between sexuality and pornography. It is filmed and frustrated with Mary Harron's care and direction to capture the look and feel of the time period as most filmmakers only dream about. <br /> <br /> Everyone knows Bettie Page (played by Mol). If you know it as an icon ?? or a simple porn star ?? you know it. It is a woman who has a very profound impact on American culture, not just to reveal more than what is judged to be appropriate at this particular time. Now most people know it as one of America's first symbols of sex - a legendary model, especially those of Playboy and other adult-oriented magazines. She lived at a time when only one inch of the body below the garbage could be detained and exclusion-style photos were just the thing to push the American public into a mess. In fact, photos have launched a senator's investigation that was filed in general on various comets and differences between harmless films and pornography. The performance of "Notorious Bettie Page" is absolutely beautiful and Gretchen Mol stands out. His performance as Bettie Page is simply brilliant. I understand that, when it was announced for the role, many were skeptical. His name is not one that immediately leaps into my mind when I think of great performance. Now it will be. It completely aced the role and drew me in with its vulnerable performance and yet deeply engaged. David Strathairn is cool off last year's "Good Night, and Good Luck", in which he gave one of 2005's best performances. Here, it gives yet another fine performance even though it is a little underused. I was shocked by how very limited time screen was known, but quality on quantity is still the most important aspect of any good movie. The only performance I've seen from Lili Taylor was that of the "Haunted" (1999). While most people ignore the movie, I found it to be an enjoyable, if not completely funded, horror movie and I also always thought Taylor was perfectly credible as the emotional Nell. Here, Taylor gives yet another credible performance. It provides a very rewarding performance and delivers the perfect performance to this compliment at Gretchen Mol. After everything has been said and done, I realize that the "Notorious Bettie Page" can not be compared to other biopsy, such as "Finding Neverland" and "Walking the Line". She is incomparable in these because she tells a story of a woman and her career, from the beginning to the end. His personal life is briefly implicit, but it is really his impact on the world that gets the high point. We watch the movie knowing that Page will eventually do all and we know the impact that it will have ?? but we rarely show the impact that they will have on personal life. She is a woman who never looks back and can always reinvigorate herself. After all, it was an adult model turning Christian missionaries. This movie is not about to dramatize anything. It could include moments in the pages being welcomed and asked to forgive him. He could show Page running and screaming in the rain, trying to escape the ghosts of his past and yet he does not. The "Notorious Bettie Page" tells a simple story and that is something that is scarce by today's standards. Fortunately, it is quite refreshing. <br /> <br /> Final Thoughts: The "Notorious Bettie Page" is a relaxing film with completely amazing movies. <br /> <br /> Overall rating: 9/10 (A)
