It's not Michael Jordan <br /> <br /> Think of all the wonderful NBA players with career lights have been dimmed for any other good reason than the time of their birth. Their names might be as easy as the public's mouth as Russell, Cousy, Byrd, Magic, McHale, Oscar, Wilt, the list goes on; but the volume turns down a little, for Stockton and Malone, Charles, Patrick and all the other great players who still lose their titles Michael. <br /> I saw she wrote that Gretchen Mol's career flamed from the wake of the article covered in the 1998 Vanity Fair Predictable Invisible Superstar for Ms. Mol. He later said he was hyped. I do not agree. <br /> I always remember that for some time after I saw the "Devil's Defense" in '97 or '98, I would get confused as that actress played Mary Ann Lomax. Is it Mol or Theron? Oh yeah! Charlize Theron was one of "2 Days in the Valley" and "Mighty Joe Young" and Gretchen Mol were in "Donnie Brasco", "Celebrity", and "Rounders". saw the "thirteenth floor" (Mol) and "sweet November" (Theron), I pretty much made them straighten out but I still put them in the same mental case drawer. Both were very talented, sweet, body type, blonde hair and so on. <br /> <br /> Theron, though, was offered more work. I loved her as Sara Deever and as Adele Invergordon's beauty was downright intimidating. <br /> In 2003 "Monster" was released and at that point up to the Oscar Distribution itself, all the movie knew who "Best Comedy" awards went on. And what deserves so! Theron te Aileen Wuornos. The only way to get a more accurate understanding of what the real Aileen Wuornos tick would have to somehow replay the digital video blocked by Selby's head. And for a great talent to make himself physically unattractive! Thanks! <br /> Then in 2005 the "Notorious Bettie Page" was released. Mol's performance was extraordinary. Perhaps she stood in the shadow of Ms. Theron. It was like the bullet for the victory celebration for losing the presidential candidate, nobody came and nobody cared. He saw it as a continuation of an old story, once promising actress and a decent career to make a nudie party in a movie "B". Like hum! No, no, no! Move! No matter what you can think about the movie (and I love film about the fifty) if you pass on this one you will miss one of the best performances of this year. Mrs. Moll was all kind of Bettie as Ms. Theron was Aileen. Unfortunately Aileen, in the film-go public, is the character more sympathetic. For whatever reason, an amorous, sociopathic killer is less embarrassed to pass a naive, sophisticated, uninhibited, religious girl who most crime capital has lived his life totally confident and fully exposed. Bettie Page is one of the icons of fifty soldiers. His photographs and never-sex films, never pornographic, but are presented as a near caricature of everywhere. There was no sense of realism, only parody. Mrs. Moll has captured the essence of many of the character. She has 20 pounds to add some zaftig to her normally thin face and when she poses for various photographers in the film, Bettie's body. It fills the car in any inhibition well adopts everything that has been published on Bettie. Cinema tastes normally to paint erotic or sexuality. In this movie it's all about innocence. Seeing Gretchen / Bettie naked did not make me want to skip him, but instil a person wants to protect her from all the horrors that people can hurt on each other. If you pass on this movie you will miss out on one of the best performances in recent years. By the way, shame on the MPAA to give this a rating R.
