I knew about Bettie Page for many in one year now. The soft-core pornographic images in it from the 1950s have since become icons and still have a strong draw even today. "Bettie Page" look also is still hugely popular in the hetero fetish world and it remains as different today as it did then. So I watch this movie and quite a bit familiar to start with. The result was not disappointed. <br /> <br /> Among other things, it was hugely entertaining to see the movie's recreation in real figures like Irving Klaw, John Willie, and Bunny Yeager ?? all consider trailblazers today. Mary Harron has done an excellent job to create the desired ambition of sexual reproduction and hypocrisy in the 1950's along with a sexuality that, by today's standards, was innocent of the extreme. I particularly liked the use of color monosons against as a visual stour for the emotional and spiritual climate Bettie found himself. <br /> I think Gretchen Mol did an excellent job in presenting the character of Bettie in her whole innocence sexuality and utterly naive. Bettie liked to look beautiful, loved the attention, saw nothing wrong with stripping, and enjoying dresses in "funny team" for the camera. The hidden sexuality and the fetishistic desire to deepen all the evils were completely lost. Just today, he still does not understand "that all the fuss was about" when it comes to his or her S & M content. This is not to say it's unkult or too simple to understand it's just that it simply does not "get it" on fetishism and never will. There is no harm. Bettie Page is simply that it is. The film captured this nicely. The social atmosphere of the 1950s is shown by Ms. Harron and written by her along with Guinevere Turner to make me truly happy to live in the daytime and age as I do. The hypocrisy and repression combined with the massive ignorance of our sexuality all combine in a frighteningly frightening world. The film captures this well and brings in beating as Bettie endures it all with its unshakeable faith and can rename it. <br /> <br /> This movie was a bit slow at times but hit all the points Mrs. Harron tried and hit them well. I would recommend this movie to those with little who have no knowledge of what Bettie Page has and how it has been on American culture. For those stakeholders, then this movie is a must see.
