Although the Notorious Bettie Page is well-acting with injections, is, at best, a French-based version of Bettie's biography. The film mainly focuses on her work with Irving and Paula Klaw, the brother and sister team that produces her in her most famous photographs. It does not detail his life after his birth, aside from his religious renewal. He quotes "Real Bettie Page", by Richard Foster as a source, but it ignores Bettie's later years of mental illness and imprisonment in a mental hospital. The narrow focus of the biography can be debated, but the majority of Bettie's fans and "civilians" would probably be more interested in modeling their career, which is what they find. The movie is well-acting, and Gretchen Mol faithfully reproduces the look of Bettie, as well as transported the sweet photo that she exuded. The character is played rather naive, a probable byproduct of interviews given by Bettie in recent years. It is more likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photographs, but her rationality as acting and costumes. <br /> <br /> Throw in support is also outstanding, and Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor play Irving with Paula Klaw, and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. Errs in film and the character of John Willie, played by Jarè Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and did not participate in photo shoots with the Klaws. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his most offensive state. Despite the quality of acting, the film is a bit of a deception in terms of depth. The story is rather cursory and we never feel that we really get to know Bettie. Much like his picture, it's just an image. It does tend to overstress Bettie's notoriety. His photographs were mostly seen in and around New York, in a very narrow market of underground publications and cultures. Her real profit came after her photographs were reprimanded in late 70's and 80's, and the culture of Betty Page (as her name was usually spelled) grew up. Bettie's bigger exposure (pardon puns) was in Playboy, appearing in January 1955 issues (the Christmas picture, which is the reverse scene of the movie). The film is well done, though rather deep. It is able to uphold interest until the end and show numerous fine performances. He hit the high points in Bettie's life, but ignored many details that would give him far greater depth. The finish is rather a down. It feels rather abrupt. Still, the movie is definitely worth watching by anyone interested in Bettie, or even time period. The soundtrack is great, really pulling the viewer in the 1950s. If nothing else, the movie stands as a showcase for sexuality developing America and the conflict with its Puritan past. It is also a peek into an icon for both men and women.
