I had a vague idea in which Bettie Page was, partly due to her appearance in the very day of Playboy (apparently, when she received photos taken from her and her Santa hat, just that, she did not to know what mag was). The film, co-writing and director by American Psycho of Mary Harron, meat out the key parts of her life well enough. A southern bowl of a church visitor has some bad experiences and leaves behind them looking for better times in New York City, where he gets into models, and out there's a lot more. Soon, she becomes pent-up sensation below, and the obvious slave (and "notorious" of the title) is very attributed to her. Actress Gretchen Moll shows her, and gets down the spirit of this woman as well as she can, which is really a lot of success in the movie. It's not a simplistic character, though at times her mind of morality is questionable ("Well, Adam and Eve were naked, was not they?" He commented a couple of times). Apparently, the filmmakers left out later years of the life of the page and left with it in a kind of redemptive period, leaving behind the photo shoots for Jesus. <br /> In all, Bettie's Notlious Page not much more than a usual bio-pic kind presented by HBO movie, albeit this time with the endurance for a released-movie release. The best scene that Harron captures the page in his "skeptic" position, finds pictures of it in over-the-top poses and starts off ridiculous films of whips and chains and leather uniforms. This adds a comic relief greatly to the nature of the movie otherwise usual. It's not that the story behind it is refreshing, involving the government's investigation into the 'smut' that came from these pictures and underground magazines. But there is not much time left to explore more of what is merely hinted at, with pages and complexities or relationships or sex with fifty soldiers. It's all given a really neat black and white look and sometimes it looks as if Harron has progressed some of the black and white pictures to be tinted more as it went along. It's a lookup look if you're not too knowledgeable at Bette Page, and probably for fans too.
