The "Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman who always wanted to be an actress, but instead became one of the most popular peaks up the girls in the history of America. Bettie Page played by Gretchen Mol was one of the first sex icons in America. What kind of model Bettie Page took part in the inclusion of stripping and slavery that led to an American Senate investigation in the 1950s. <br /> Walking from the movie, all I could think about was how far we came in terms of porn since the 1950s. You can go online now and find some of the most disturbing and shocking legs ever to shoot, which foot is questioned by the "Notorious Bettie Page" seems almost childless and innocent. Most of the footage including slavery did not feature stripping when Bettie Page was involved again today we have ill images where we can see women with sex and animals. I found that perhaps the envelope was pushed a little too far since the 1950s because looking at this movie in terms of porn today, it was very nicely done. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was very impressed with "Notorious Bettie Page," I found the movie to be very well done and interesting. The movie is exactly what the trailer leads you to believe it will be and it is a very interesting look at one of the first sexual sex icons in America. Gretchen Mol looks just like Bettie Page and gives a very good performance. I also thought that since the film was shot in black and white it made the film seem realistic because it was the audience believed to have watched a movie created in the late 1950s. <br /> <br /> More than me on the movie was the running time, seemed to have a few scenes that had been cut and seemed to be a little shorter than they would be. I watch this up, it seems that 10 minutes was off from the movie since its original show at the Toronto Film Festival. Also the finish was very tame and I was expecting a little more out of it or maybe some paragraphs coming on the screen telling the audience more about Bettie's life where the movie left. Those are just two complaints about the movie other than the one that led to the solid, the act was great especially Gretchen, and the writing was good. Mary Harron, who directs "American Psycho", which is one of my favorite films, is the director and writer of the "Notorious Bettie Page." I feel that Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create an environment and create great movies based on character because such as "psycho", Bettie Page is a character study and one fine in that. Harron captures the 40s and 50s with ease as well as all the characters. He is a very talented director who I hope will be going for many years to come. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: The "Notorious Bettie Page" is definitely worth a look. It's a very interesting story showing how far America, as well as the world, has come in terms of pornography. The film also provides a fine performance by Gretchen Mol that literally nails the role of Bettie Page on the Top. With his head off with a talented director who was able to take the look and feel of a previous era and have a good movie on your hands. Unfortunately, this film is probably going to flop since not many people who grew up in this era will show interest in the movie but I think it's worth the outside. <br /> <br /> MovieManMenzel's final rating for "Notorious Bettie's Page" is an 8/10. It is an interesting character study about one of the most popular girls dress up girls and sex icons in the American history.
