If this movie hit you (as it did to us, and, apparently, others leave the theater) as slim, it may be because the subject itself is lightly disappointing. The film faithfully presents us Bettie Page as it probably was: a nearly innocuous playful from the South rural career as the "pinup queen of the universe" was for her just jump, natural pleasure. His eventual moral event, religious conversion and sudden departure from nude patterns and their biographical slavery are accurate, but difficult to understand how untroubled it was by living it. There are many reasons to see this movie so, not least of which is the amazing b & w noir cinematography of W. Mott Hopfel III (complete with old fashioned and melted wipes), the 1950s- faithful to the cast under the direction of Mary Harron, performance tone-perfect by some of us most metaphorically supporting actors (including Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sara Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak), not to mention lead performance Oscar-worthy and technically difficult at Gretchen Mol. . Mol perform several scenes completely naked and most other of lingerie amazing periods and specialty costumes (glorified by suit designer John A. Dunn), yet it's amazing to keep the fun Bettie Page fun in its lush body. To view Ms. Mol as Madam Page, an aspiring actress, progresses to the degree of progressively less "bad audition" and student acting acting is to see a really fine actress in full control of her craft. Scripts effectively lead us to America in 1950, where sexual abuse of children, abduction and rape, and legal repression of pornography today seem ridiculous to tame, is a fact. The New York 50 is evoked by wireless inter-interlining reels. 50 in Miami has come to life in super-saturated, 16mm-style colors. The real Bettie page looks like cramps, smiling and pose before us, and yet the effect is lightweight curly, barely lewd and not at all dangerous. <br /> <br /> How odd is the greatest slave icon would be so lacking in vein, and that this biopsy excellent technique should have little toothache.
