I love it ... just that ... I love it, not like the animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that this makes less appealing is that we all try to compare and not appreciate, but this cartoon was frightening, but it really did not like it so much. There are too many people talking about Bruce being so cold, but if that's about 5 years later, anybody in a crime-fighting gang would get this mad and darker attitude, so I'm not it's a flaw. Batgirl was scared to really fit, just as no more Dickson as a Robin, batman needed a good teammate, not like the new Robin, he's just a kid and you can not count much on a child. But this is what did not work: the new artwork ... it's not terrible, but ... I read it doesnt work in a series like batman. This is a black character, and a killer mania like the Joker, so you cant wear this kind of artwork in this cartoon, the joker is not a bad design but I still love the last joker (but my pies The good joker ever was the one that appeared in further beats: returning to the joker), so this joker is not as close as good. The good thing about the joker is that it always marks Hamil's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (Im in love for her) To put an awesome episode for her: love mad (me the best episode of this series). Here we finally know how it turns Harley Quinn, and how the joker twists his mind, and he feels that the atmosphere that you feel in the animated series, darker, no happy ending, brutal fights and the Joker ( but too short), this is how it should be ALL series. But in general I did not like how she made Harley in this series ... in almost every episode put funny but in a ridiculous way, she found punches, she says silly, she makes flaws ... c ' I think it's funny in a way you can laugh with it, not out of it ... and here are ridiculous (as I told the episode only where I do not think it's in love and beware of creeping ) So its overall good series, it has it aside and downs, the plot might be better (MY MOTHER'S CATEGORY !!!!) beautiful sound effects, beautiful music, beautiful voices and beautiful episodes: favorites I, like angry, Jokers Millions, Old Injuries, sin of the father, and cold comfort. If you enjoyed Batman: TAS you can watch this, but not too much specs, on the other hand if you did not look TAS, look at this first and then see TAS in this way you really will love TAS: D
