The New Adventures of Batman (also called Gotham Knights) take place 5 years after the final episodes of Batman: The Animated Series (B: TAS) and only revealed 24 episodes. This is not a horrific show, but it's just not as good as the original Batman animated series. I'm going to start with all the things I've got to not be very good. <br /> The first thing first, the animation itself: long and sweet, Gotham is no longer black, the sky is still red and orange, B: TAS did so too, but it was drawn on a black palace, The color of the sky was more ominous, in this show, the color of the sky is too bright. It all looks like any other kids show and does not seem unique as Batman: TAS did with it in dark, cool art style on Gotham. Art style is OK but does not remind me of Batman again. Each character composed of straight, square, and triangle lines makes characters look less human than. In the original set (B: TAS), the characters look more like the drawn version of real people. The animation can be more consistent here than in B: TAS, but it's definitely not as good. Here are some of the episodes that seem too dumbed down with childhood, but some of the subjects are even stronger than in B: TAS. (Two-figure attempts to kill Tim Drake / Robin 2, and some bandits get some very harsh treatment). This led me to my next point. Because this is supposed to take place in the future as well as the final episodes of Batman animated universe, many villains meet the ruins or leave forever. Ivy poisons are rabid when a cruise ship exploded; Two-face almost killed penguins, killer crusaders, and himself, so he moved to Arkham forever; Joker falls into the exhaust tower of an industrial plant (though it will return later on the Animated Justice League series); Catwoman moves to France to leave Batman, etc. ... Just because the series is finished does not mean that they have got rid of some great characters! The wicked motives' are very bad, too. There is nothing! In B: TAS, we learn that these bad people are mentally teased and their lives are lost, so they act as they do, in this show, bandits are just committing crimes to make the story progress. It's like Batman just does not even care about saving whatever sanity has to let in the people that he fights, he just beats them senseless. This Batman is a cooler and significant version of the character, but since it has done this job for years, I can see why it is so harsh. <br /> Next, the characters are redesigned: they're awful. Gordon slimmed down about 100 pounds ... is he sick? Many bandits watch STUPID (Joker, Riddler, Catwoman, Mr. Jelly, Mad Hatter, and Killer Killer are in the midst of the anger). Although, I think some characters look better (misfortune, scarecrow, batgirl). Harley is about the same, and Ivy (who is even warmer now) has pale green palate. With the series of many defects, some episodes are great- Over the Edge, like Mad, Creeper Cautionary, Night Out Girls, Old Wounds, Legends of the Dark Knight, and Never Fear Are People My favorite here, in my opinion. All of the crossings featuring Batman in the animated series were great, too. <br /> <br /> The absolute worst part of this show is how the creators say they love the animation in this series more than the original. On the DVD features of the original Batman Animated Series, they talk about how proud they were with the art style, and how difficult some characters were to be encouraged, but they eventually succeeded and (the hard animation needed to host Clayface, for example). On the DVD features of the New Batman Adventures, the creators basically say "In Hell and B: TAS, this is a cool, new re-vamp, it looks best and we love how we NEVER RULYED the series!" (Well, that's an exaggeration). When the creators throw amazing style into B: TAS, which really annoys me! <br /> It's not a bad show, but I still do not like it as much as the animated series is animated. At least the show does not talk down to its audience, so for that reason, I still congratulate it. Though some of the episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching. <br /> Superman: The Animated Series, and Justice League: The animated series are the great follow-up Batman show: the animated series and the new Batman Adventures, so give them a look too.
