If you were not there, then unfortunately this movie will be beyond compassion for you. How I say is a shame because although some of the acting is unprofessional, it means to be for realism. Let's deal with it - in real life, we do not say things in a precise or perfect way, even when we mean. In that sense, it works. This, however, does not apply to "known" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster (born a natural). The fact that other 3 girls are not accomplished merely to add in the story - Jodie plays the glue that struggles to keep friendship close, even with the obvious feel of fatalities. This means that no matter how close friends, eventually some people just fade away, no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> And that's the core of the movie. It's not about birth, it's not about sexuality, but about these 4 girls and their final time as always girls before they have to go the world alone. If you ever had a friendship like that in your life, you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot of you, no matter what era it's been wearing, or that era you've grown up in. We all knew those girls at school, or at least knew of them. We all knew the girl frustrated, half wanting to keep on kids and half want to desperately grow and think that will do it for her. We all knew one of the boys-crazy, the fashion plate whose vanity hides his fear in the world, frightening him to accept. We all knew the girl party, the one being whispered, and the story not only his sad home life, but in exploring his notoriety. And we all knew the "mom's face," one of a little more real, a little more ground, a little more sad because she knew what would happen. Perhaps you were one of these girls. Perhaps, like me, you've been each one at one time or another ... <br /> This movie really captures that vulnerable time to life when desired, need, pressure, womenhood, children, the world and lon all embodied in each woman's head, each factor on the precipice. What aspects do you hang on? What do you send on the edge, no matter how you want to keep on? And how painful is goodbye to all you were known? That's the movie is - stage of womenhood while clinging to children, and how modest it is to keep walking. If you were there, you know ... and love this movie, as I do. Aching and Trendy Make. A fine piece of Femininity was captured.
