An independent feature can now also view both a work of film art and a video summary. Enter into broken, and aggressive promotion, twenty minutes short and style and spending enthusiasm. But it is any good as a movie, or does it only work as a demo piece? Ah, there's lies rubbing them. <br /> <br /> Broken is the story of Bonnie Clayton who is kidnapped after awakening from a nightmare nightmare by "a sad stranger and his colorful entourage" (quote from the video clip). As it was done prisoner, it became evident that his anvil knew something about him that even he did not know about himself. While asked, a black soldier weapon-recovering his way through the caches in an attempt to rescue him. Manure is trying. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for us, director Alex Ferrari seems to know what he's doing, or at least it's very good at faking it. Broken does not suffer from any visual flair, which is especially praising its budget and inexperience at all involved. What it suffers from is weak and type of derivative writing. Thinking Goodnight's Long Kiss to satisfy the uterus, writing ten minutes after reading Club Fight. The good news for Ferrari and producer / writer Jorge Rodriguez is that the story elements are easily ignored for the ancestors of the eye candy on display. The plot really does matter that much of a minute twenty minutes means to show off the technical skills of its creators? No, not really. <br /> Even if it would be unfair to neglect any negative aspects of light in budget film and length. Broken is no classic genre. The biggest problem was that it actually would have worked better as a full-length feature. The final "twist" is not enough to build time to be shocking. If Ferrari has allowed time to slow down burning features as needed, plot elements would seem less random, and the movie is more complete. Here's knowing she got the chance. <br /> <br /> Audio Broken The Dolby Digital 5.1 presentation is second to anything in the indie world. I have never heard such aggression surrounded by such a small feature. The inspired insurrection band is very rich and deep, gunpowder has punched, and even the dialogue comes in on the surrounding surrounds. In everything presented on this disc, it is the audio that praises modern DVD independent output. Also included is an even impressive Dolby 2.0 surrounded track, which is the default menu. <br /> <br /> Extras There are literally hours of performing the feature to be found on this disc. There are plenty of extras, in fact, that I find it unrealistic to list and describe each of them here, while still waiting for my readers to continue reading. Regardless of the current shortfall shortfall, the DVD is unprecedented in its information resources. People who enjoy the film can learn all about their production, including everything from the conceptual art to the promotional campaign. People who plan to make an independent film of their own can learn just about everything they need to know from these features. <br /> <br /> Extra are breaking through the category menu. These include: pre-production, production, post-production, after purpose, short, and dropping and crew bribe. From a critical point of view, I found that some of the sections were very short. There have been modified in one featurette for each menu option, they would have been less frustrating to navigate, as the runner defaults in the top selection and each return to the main section. This is, of course, just nitpicking, but maybe for next DVD releases filmmakers will take my advice to heart. <br /> There were six audio and audio feedback interviews with talented people, and despite the sales console, the true colors make the shine. <br /> <br /> The willingness to share secret-film and anyone who chooses this DVD is quite generous. From the extra I've learned the most effective and effective software editing and correction software, the camera maker creates the most professional look for the lowest price, even in order to get cheap when soft weapons. On top of that, I've provided several alternate options, in case I find I can find any products used on this particular product. Wannabe cinema wants to read a book on the subject would do well to watch this DVD. Overall I scored the current short score as a 6 out of 10 but wanted to have an option for length of potential features and efforts, because I would have scored it an 8 or 9 in the fields. I recommend the DVD for its features and as a perfect example of what can be done with only eight thousand US dollars. Those who buy the DVD can think of themselves as ghost producers for a major project, such as the more attention the guys get, the more funding the feature-length version will get.
