The young lady's name is Bonnie (Polay). It's attractive, is apparently living a very decent life, but all of a sudden is inexplicably hacked out of his home and not by the evil evil dude and various and evil hawk Sundry. Now he has no idea what the hell will be about, only that a bunch of armed-to-teeth apparently wants to die it ... and he will die by even knowing why. O God, I have heard the sound of it at all times. Now that content is so cheap to produce and people who can create their own movies / books / comics / internal organs, there is going to be nobody to ensure that there is a standard of quality! We'll drown in crap! The only people who actually think this is who did not watch any movie or read any books lately - because we're already making a man's float in crap. It's kind of like Ferrari and Rodriguez who put this ignorant jump-and-pervade lies by sending $ 8K to the table and doing ... well, what I say is a better action flick than anything you've seen in This year's movies ... but you have not seen any action flicks in the movie this year. I saw the box office. You will stay away from droves. You would be best tackled a copy of this, spend twenty minutes being entertained, and get on with your life. <br /> <br /> It's Absolute Entertainment. You enter, like Bonnie, and a lot of questions and where the whole thing ends up is nebulous. The whole conscience has been done in many ways, but not in a compressed amount of time and not without gunplay focused tasting. You are there for the atmosphere, the mystery, and the weapons. That's it - that's all the filmmakers promise, and they deliver. <br /> It warms the black holes in my heart to think this was done on such a budget. We get past a good amount of indie films around here, but rarely we see anything as polished as this is short, and we never see one iron in the genre of action that looked good. Hell, you can hand these two men MI: 3 and it might draw me to watch it. The Bond Franchise. Hell, nothing. No, in fact, better still: I would like to see these guys doing a feature on their own and staying away from Hollywood. Whatever the outcome of the movie industry there is no doubt infectious. <br /> <br /> The best indie we've seen in a short time with the most effective India call we've ever seen. DVD to $ 20 and has bonus features out the ass. Go to your ticket movie budget and put it in the direction of this rather.
