After the glories of the Snare, it was easy that a further outing for Hanzo could do any better, and that's not the violation that waits, but it's a fine movie and sitting neatly between the fun, but the first chapter of chapter The second is terrific in terms of quality and entertainment overall. The scenario comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallel to the Snare, as well as hopes of hi-jinks in a Hanzo movie, but the beautiful movie movie ring changes on the formula by amping up the humorous driving character as well as giving movie in a toll, meditative corner. The open film and assistant Hanzos scared by a ghost, and typically he decided straight away that he needed to have a maternal knowledge of this ghost. It seems that the ghost is serving as a guard for a stolen stolen coin and this set-up unfolds a history of robbery, corruption and lenders, and expects violent and succulent results. Shintaro Katsu is terrific as expected by Hanzo, coming across effortlessly as a deadly fighter and sexual force in nature, it is equally good at the time of knowing humor and likable, almost an ordinary gentleman at the time of drama is a very well-rounded performance full of social awareness and a touching earning of personal feeling. The comedian hopes to come to fine as well, his moments and Magobei 'snakes' are perhaps the most fun in the series also his interaction with his servants kookily entertaining as ever. Though truly unmaniable at all and nice moments, a fair amount of action and a little sleaze, the movie loses a little bit of a relatively restrained approach. There are shades of both previous film, draw, speed and smarts to remember the snare and when the movie targets for sleaze it does so well, with a bright and early interrogation sequence. Even so, Yoshio Inoue's director presents potentially sleazy scenes in a most experimental manner as does not work Kenji Misumi's less well-handled in the Sword of Justice, with sometimes very beautiful consequences, as a man playing a melody on koto , and closed ups in his fingers hacked in the strings as his unbekownest Hanzo plows his wife, and sometimes a bit weak, just like an orgy that is reduced to a whirled psychedelic whim in the movement of just looks like confusing . It's the nudity and bloodshed generally downplayed that is a pity, though there is a little bit of both a stronger approach to working well, it's definitely the sort of movie where nudity garbage and frenzy are more appropriate. But even with less in the way of exploiting this is always quite fun thing, the predictable moments are forced and aplon and there are more intrigue and excitement, even some effective surprises to go around. It's a movie for the fans really, playing in the work lying in previous installments and working slowly if not spectacularly with it. All along a near all pleasing if the heaviest ending of a delightful trilogy, the second best of them and well worth a look for enthusiasts of things.
