After the sound of the "Goyokibah" (aka "Hanzo razwa - the sword of justice", 1972) with its excellent windows (and even sleazy) "Goyokkiba: Kamisori Hanzo Jigoku zeme" (aka "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973) , this "Goyokiba: Oni is Hanzô yawahada koban" aka. "Razor 3: Who Got The Gold" is the third, and sadly final installment of the awesome legend on the incorruptible Samurai-Constable Hanzo in the 'Razor' Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu), fighting corruption and his battle expertise as well as enormous sexual power. As a great fan of 70 exploitation movies made in Nippon, the "Sword of Justice" became an instant favorite of me, and I was therefore more than eager to find their end, and full of anticipation when I finally stumbled about them lately. While the third "Hanzo" film is just not as brilliant as its predecessor is definitely another big piece of movie theater that no lover in Japan exploits movies can afford to miss. "Who got the gold" is a bit bothered by the two Hanzo movies above, but it's just as brightly funny and crudely funny, and immediately starts out fabulously odd: the movie starts, when Hanso The assistant sees a female ghost when fishing. Do you still want to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo insists that his assistant brought him to the site of the incident ... If not a promising start for a scary movie experience, I do not know what. Shintaro Katsu, one of my favorite personal actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written specifically for her. Katsu IS Hanzo, the tenacious and fearless Cedar, who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors, and has unique technical interrogations including raping female suspects. Women interrogated than immediately fell for her, due to her sexual power and enormous penis, which she was dragging into a rather grotesque routine ceremony. I will not give far more about the plot of "Who Got the Gold", but I can make sure it is as cool as it sounds. The supporting performance is also very good, and, as in previous prints, there are many hilariously unique characters. This is unfortunately the latest movie in the awesomely sleazy series 'Hanzo'. If they had done more than 20 more, I would be happy to see them all! All the Hanzo series is brilliant, and while this third part is somewhat inferior to its previous, it is definitely a must-see for all movie theater lovers! Oh how I wish they were doing more!
