L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The hypothesis of the thief paint (1979) begins in the yard of an old, three-story Paris apartment building. Inside, we meet the collector, an elderly man who apparently devoted his life to the study of the six known known paints in an epoch-era epoch, Tonnerre. A narrator depicts several epigrams on artists and paintings, and then engages in a dialogue with the collector, depicting the paintings for us, showing them to us, telling us a little about the painter and the scandal that made him. come down, and then tell us it will show us something ... <br /> <br /> While walking through a door, we enter another world, or world, or perhaps to stretch the boundaries, other possible worlds. The collector shows us at home without limits, like a big lake full of trees with a mountain; Of these boundaries are the 6 paintings come in life, or half way in life as it walks us through various charts and describes our possible meaning in every painting, to the work as a whole, in a whole secret story behind paint the scandal, the paintings, the novel that could inspire the paintings. So, about them, and so on. Each room, each description, leads us into a maze, and all the while the Collector and the narrator engage in their separate monoling, very occasionally jumping in dialogue, but mostly staying separate and different. See this a second time, so scarce and powerful and unreliable it was, and so challenge to think or write about. If I have a guess about what it all adds up, it would be a saturated satire in the whole nature of artistic interpretation. They can find an indicator of two of the most fun and inexplicable indicators in which the Collector poses some sexless plastic figurines - in the second of them, it also looks at the pictures taken in the iceberg Figurines posing in painting they - then he strives to his collection, which is now partially composed of life-size versions of the figures. If we think too much about it and do not just enjoy it, it all gets just anonymous plastic. <br /> Whether I came to any conclusion defined on "The hypothesis of the tableau", or not, I can hardly say that outside of the early (contemporary) works of Peter Greenaway such as "a walk of H", I have rarely been so enthralled by something so deep, so serious, so dense ... and at heart, so mischievous and fun.
