This project was originally conceived as the Japanese version of the popular Japanese SlamDunk manga movie! and that's not something new to Jay Chou, who made his first movie playing a character from another wildly popular Initial D. Manga D. Along the way, he decided to incorporate some kung fu into the movie, so hence the title, though the idea was not very original, and Stephen Chow's Football Shaolin comes to mind with martial arts and ball games combined. However, and fortunately, these scenes where Kung Fu actually influenced the games kept at a minimum, and at Kung Fu Dunk, are really well needed, because they do not add much to the plot nor drum up much excitement, and at most offers some cheap laughs and reminisced over the time when Stephen Chow uses the football kung fu game. Jay Chou is comfortable in his role as a martial artist Fang Shi-jie since his first time he fought using martial arts (curse of anyone Golden Flower?), And under the direction of the Ching Siu-Tung Cascade, He made them look really credible as it countless garbage of gangsters in a bar as seen from the trailer, just letting you know who's boss. It was almost why his character was a kung fu practitioner, and for the fact of giving him an excuse for being a head shot, able to shoot the hoops from virtually any angle. And Eric Tsang as a short time hustler Chen-Li who sees his potential and gets his agent and joins a university to play basketball varsity, but not without the initial objection of captain Ting-wei (Chen Bo captain -Lin) and star Xiao-star (Baron Chen, his first big-screen). But you know with team members on the same side, not long before they combine their strengths to take on the basketball court opponent. And I'm going to stick my neck saying that this film is for basketball just as how bi is football. He did the sport to look good because of his character's charisma, despite they shed a lot of calm and aloofness on the courts. Here, the special effects and wireless-work hired to make the actors seem like professionals who can take a top side of the NBA league, and at all honesty, really look stunning, especially when imitating various dunking movements, and make combo- moving thanks to technology and stunt work. So, in fact, the kung fu elements do not really have to be in the movie. The cascade work itself will be able to justify most of the moves as they are well located in reality, only having you suspect that the average height boy has springs at the feet of tall growth for a professional dunk. <br /> <br /> Also, the number of games was only a handful, and the time spent on many subplots, but each was wound up and flowing in and out of the story as and when to please . Things like abandoning the Shi-jie's demands to use the basketball toss to get his parents in one day to visit them, that of gangsterism penetrating and influencing games, and his love life with the Charlene Choi yet another flower vase role just to look good and do nothing else. Everyone acts a little too cool, leaving small room for the main characters to add depth. One of the key terms here is the realization of the importance of teamwork rather than on individual talents and abilities, and it could be carried out stronger if the players themselves communicate a lot more in the court, than just on it, and during competitive games, apart from the high-fives and friendly passports. With the US $ 10 million budget, it is easy to see where the money went on - the effects, in particular, a massive fantasy sequel to a critical point in the movie. It's quite flawless, beautiful look and probably justifiable about its quality by itself, but yet I like to emphasize, that even without these elements, the basketball stunts itself would still make this a decent movie and debris basketball movements. And with Jay Chou playing for your team is a huge increase in any hope of a box office success.
