Jay Chou plays an orphan raised at a kung fu school, but was overhead by the corruption officer after fighting a bunch of thugs in the Employee of a Farmer. He reached down on his luck tricksters Eric Tsang, who immediately saw potential cash from young talent. Basketball is the venue chosen for wealth, and the Tsang bids to get him a place on a university team and encourage him to the media. General success lead to a basketball championship and a truly nasty rival team managed by the same wicked nefari before. <br /> It's all a bit my soccer Shaolin guess, but not so original or ridiculous - the beautiful stick scheme close to sports movie convention, and rescuing all the crowd elements expected from the set-up. You've seen it all before, but it's kind of things it never hurts to see again when it does well. Luckily he really does well here (some can say 'amazing' and Chu Yen-Ping in the chair's chair ... I hope he has good 'assistant') - the script delivers and the presentation is slick and stylish. Jay Chou remains pretty much expressive at all, but as it is his style, it's time to leave a wavy emotions through it can be quite good comic effect. Eric Tsang offset with a larger-than-life character that he played many times before (in real life, for example) who gets much of the most emotional moments of the movie. Since the movie revolves around basketball, it's good that the scenes of basketball matches are decently vibrant. Throw in show some real skills, including cabbage, and some well done wiring and CGI adding that the ultra-real kung fu component that makes the scenes even more fun (assuming you love that sort of thing) and justify scheme / movie existence. <br /> There is only one important battle scene in the movie, but it's a doozy in the "one against many" style. Jay Chou seems to do a lot of his own moves, and it is quite impressive - it's very strong and fast for real, and Ching Siu-Tung's choreography makes him look like a real martial arts. I wish he would have more, but at least it's a long fight. <br /> <br /> Very kind of Chinese New Year blockbuster I was hoping it would come from the trailer, and recommend watching!
