Object, probably the best t.v series ever made. The storyline is smart and when all your questions are answered watching one episode, the more 100 are raised. If lost can bring about its magnificent way and does not get too carried away then it will be the best show ever. The survivors of a plane crash were forced to live with each other on a remote island, a new dangerous world that poses unique threats to its own. after reading what you think earth can be interesting? With your answer, every season SO FAR was always full of surprises, you still question yourself why did this happen and what will happen next each time, very unexpected things happen and the story goes on pretty SO FAR ! The series just sucks you in, it's great and addictive coolness, everything from the wonderful creators and directing to the magnificent performances by throwing to create a very credible story. Object is simply incredible, amazing, very fun, head tooth, t.v it's best. Now, ever you want to put it. <br /> <br /> Lost beats all the other show by a landslide. But if you hate or criticize your Lost Do not know how to watch t.v or watch drama. Objects simply do not disappoint, you would think a series of wearing for so long can not continue to get better. But it does! It just keeps on flowing it in unlike anything you'd ever think off. "Everything happened for a reason." And this is really the show in the series. Eventually you will reach a point being all the clues and all the things that have happened or are being added. You will feel and realize how the characters have changed and how and why everything is going on. <br /> <br /> 10 minutes of excitement: You see something you did not see coming, something bigger happened to characters or on the island. There is hope somewhere. You see a great twist that can or will change everything. You hear the doubt you think, what's going to happen next. Your heart beat. 30 minutes to shine: You see an impeccable scene, tense building, you hear wonderful music by Michael Giacchino. You see great flashback, impressive acting. You see wittiness, frivolous atmosphere, which then get to convert back to tension. <br /> <br /> All are there to show that they're addicted too, that they can not get enough of, that they admire every minute and they can not wait for the next episode, that they talk about 24/7. Too me and many others in this series. Lost. Once you start watching, you will not get enough. The creators did an unprecedented job. Object is completely unique and original, you will not see anything like it. The smart idea of ​​"flashbacks and flashforwards" with something bigger and different in every season sucks your thoughts. Would they ever make a series like "PA"? Something so interesting and something you will always remember. She simply stunned the world when she hit t.v. A new generation of dramatic / sci-fi. An instant classic before it came out of the viewers. <br /> I'm sure you all hear of losing and it's 5 star reviews, and your annoying friends who will not stop telling you about it, so what's your stand out to watch? <br /> Each episode leads to something new and it just does not stop getting better and better, you get more interested as it goes along, you learn things on the island that you would not even think off. Characters are starting to become very likable, and if you're crucial type you would like to see Objects in more detail, things like how the relationship between characters develop and how they learn how to under look and take on challenges from Iceland lan. All along it's a great drama with a flawless series. I guess we just hope that loses will not have a fall in the episodes to come and go away ..... So if you do not look lost, read the comment from the top again, and you should change the mind you. Sure is to believe, so until you start watching you will never know .I recommend this masterpiece series: LOST !! start watching !!! You have never seen anything until you look great!
