While originally reluctant to jump on the movement of watching "Lost", I accidentally caught an episode at the start of season 1? the one and the polar bear and he's been careful to divide me ever since. The show is that. Not the Polar Bear. So bring (heh) to me while I throw out as many rambling, semi-adherent praises as I can be clever. <br /> <br /> "Lost" takes a simple idea of ​​a full passenger flight crashing on a desert island, and gradually adds extraordinary depth to its quotes by exploring each character deeply and unflinchingly ?? Who drives them, who are they? Where are they from? It soon becomes clear that the island on which to block acts as a common denominator for many things in life, whether they are running away from something (Sawyer and Kate among others) or getting in touch with spirituality ( Locke, Claire). But "Object" also zooms in on the island itself and the mysterious horrors that it houses ... and they all seem to be weird to connect. While TV actors are not exactly known for their intricacies or dazzling acting, most of the cast "Objects" are, in fact, spectacular actors for their respective parties, heart and mood performers in their performance. There is also a multitude of eyecandy, but not generally in the Hollywood plastic type as most TV shows. The characters all feel very real and they are extremely reluctant to watch. Interactions are rarely falling prey to predictable, petty argument or melodrama cheese (although they are annoying secrets)? These people are first and foremost trying to survive and regardless of the relationship that appears to be treated high in action. Realism of these characters facilitates a well-designed sculpture scheme. <br /> <br /> On this plot ... Imagine a tree as the pattern plot, then the branches as subplots (in this case, a branch for each character)? Well, Objects add twigs to each branch and then the twisted twigs these twigs as other story lines. If you are a sibling of one of the main characters of the flashbacks, you'll get your own storyline. If you are a dog you will have your own storyline. Unless the writers manage their many altogether in some glorious accolades in the end, they're heading up. I'm more than a little worried there will be some disappointing cop in this show, as I'm sure most people are. <br /> But as the writer pulls this off, "Lost" is perhaps the best ever to download TV. <br /> 9/10
