New York City houses one person above all else, potentially immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is the pledge of oath of humanity, using his magic power to keep his brother and rival, Kabal, chained up so he can not become the domestic human race. Well, you would not know it? A message comes true with Kabal breaking free, and it starts collecting elements (including platinum and uranium) for its alchemy experience. With the help of a woman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes my courtesy of Charles Band in the full collection of Archives Archive. I have not heard of it, which is somewhat odd to give that I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the movie is not that old. But now it's me and I can enjoy it again and again. The movie certainly is fun in the classic Full Moon style. Richard Band gives the music (which does not differ much from all his other notes) and Brian Thompson plays the wrong kabale. We even have anime dinosaur bone! What more do you want? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt so much of the movie being a rip-off of the comic dr Strange. And the blue pantsuit was funny. With holes traced them everywhere (I could list at least five, but why harassed). And why did the senior symbol of Mordrid and Kabal look suspiciously like a hammer and haze? Combs has never been a strong actor, so it fits right in with the cheese. These are not complaints. Full moon fans came to expect things and devour them like crack-licked black grapes. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> If you're not a Full Moon fan, or a fan of Jeffrey Combs ... you may want to look elsewhere. And if you like the early 1990's style of movie-making with haircuts, you will eat this up. Stallone and Schwarzenegger fans would like to see Brian Thompson as a villain, looking like goony ever and can not enunciate English beyond a third-year level. I did. I wish there was a "Mordrid II", but the company made a virtually ending thing ("Gingerdead Man 3" really needed?) Was passed on this one.
