I really enjoyed "Doctor Mordrid". This is a low-budget film, which can be off-set to some, but I have no problem with it. I admire it even more so, considering it's more fun than the drivel that Hollywood churns out every year. Too this did not get a theater release; I do not know about anyone else, but I'd go to see her in the theater. 'Doctor Mordrid' is a very fun movie movie that's just about anyone can enjoy, especially if they're in Sci-Fi like me. I do not see why this is a R-rated movie; only one f-word is said, and there is no horrible death scene, nor is there any blood at all. The timeless rivalry between Anton and Kabal's acquaintances (Anton wanted to use in his power to save the human race, while Kabal wanted to become the domesticated), gave the story a sense of enchantment, while the mythical plot was adding the story's charm to itself. Basically, that's a movie that's just plain fun to watch. There is a funny unintentional thing in this movie, though: see Jeffrey Combs holding a right figure while wearing this silly Cape Cape and costume. This makes me laugh every time I see it. But I searched ... Anyway, the act is great; The protagonists (Anton, and her lady friend, Samantha) are very likable; Anton is sympathetic, and hospitable, and Samantha is friendly. Plus, the surroundings were wonderful. The floating island of the other dimension was very cool environment; we'll only give a glimpse of it twice, though; it would be great to see more scenes take place here. The main environment was also very clean; Anton's apartment is very large, and has some cool appliances, especially the monitoring system it uses to keep track of events in the world. He even has a pet cone that he holds in his apartment named Edgar. In general, this is a great movie; It was fun to look, and the main actors put a lot of feelings into their role. If you can find anywhere rent 'Doctor Mordrid', you should rent it (or, in my case, buy it .. It was definitely money well spent)! Rating: 8 stars out of ten. <br /> <br />
