I must admit that Holly was not on my watch list for the Edinburgh Film Festival. However, after the Artistic Director of the Festival especially recommending this movie to an audience of more than 200 people before screening another movie, I decided to go to see it. Wow! This film is dealing with the problem of very young prostitution and does so without compromise. I found myself crying a lot of times during the film and laughing at others. Talk about an emotional roller coaster. The lead actor (Thuy Nguyen) is a Vietnam newcomer (who was only 14 at the time of filming) and had to tackle this incredibly complex and difficult role. She reminded me of Keisha Castle-Hughes from Whale Rider but the role here is more demanding than she has to play a whore whore. Chances are that it will win a lot of prizes. <br /> <br /> The main story is about a girl sold to her prostitution and was born as a sex slave in a brothel in Cambodia. He meets an American (played by Ron Livingston in a dramatic role that we do not use to see from him), which after spending some time and he decided to help him. Then, however, he sold again and he will be on a search for him in Cambodia. The story turns and twists and the audience can never predict what will happen next. The act was strong across the board and a very interesting international cast. Udo Kier (highly convinced as a sex tourism), Virgine Ledoyen (touched as a social worker) and Chris Penn (one of her latest movies). The Asian cast was also superb. Although the film deal with this matter is difficult to focus on successfully reporting a compelling, powerful story. He was shot in Cambodia (some real estate operators scene) that added to the feeling that you are almost watching a documentary. It seems that the DP has used a lot of hand held cameras and shut-ups and in general it has made you feel like you may have as part of the story. <br /> <br /> After the screening, I listened to other members of the audience as they left and it seemed that they were all stunned. This is not an easy movie to watch and I salute the filmmakers for not making a "Hollywood Film." It is by far the best movie I've seen at the Edinburgh Film Festival. Opinion shared by my husband and a couple of other friends.
