The film "Holly" is the story of a young girl who was sold by her poor family and smuggling to the Cambodian border to work as a whore in the quiet village "K11" red light. In the movie, Holly is waiting to be selling at a girl's award when she meets Patrick who is losing money with friends in gambling and fighting bar. Patrick and Holly have an immediate bond on their "hard", but this is all disrupted when Holly is selling to a child trafficker and disappearing. As a movie guide, we are then pushing into Patrick's pursuit to get Holly again. Holly then shows his willingness to let this view but confuse it on what is good and evil. "Holly" brings us to Cambodia nice and harsh while discovering that HOLLY is not just a girl. It is the voice of millions of children who exploited and raped every year with no rights or protection. Holly is less extreme than her subjects might suggest, such as documentary involving 4 year-olds with sexual trafficking, but managing considerable light on Cambodian / Vietnamese child trafficking in prostitution. It is a moving story that helps shed light on the horrible situation in which many children deal with the trusted struggles and achieve what is right and wrong. Patrick, the antagonist of the movie is an American dealer in robbery that also lost money with friends while playing cards and getting into battle bar. While on a trip, motorcycles are running out of gas, and is forced to rent a room in a brothel. While it stays, it comes to all Holly, a twelve year old girl who has been sold by her parents and was kidnapped by slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick start a friendship of trust and understanding. She discovers a little smile, girl makes herself under the exterior troubled and becomes determined to save her - even if strictly Platonic relationships are interpreting by almost everyone to meet. When she suddenly disappears, she starts a journey following her down, without thinking if she can really help her. <br /> <br /> Holly is able to escape on his way to another brothel, when he jumps out of the truck and runs through a field filled with mines. A mine was put in by a cow and truck driver believed she was dead, so Holly is then left on her own. As Patrick travels to Holly, he meets a social worker who tries to talk about some of his essences and shares the facts with him who makes cancer in the Cambodian region. The idea to pay for his freedom simply to combat the request, explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - the next year it might be 60,000. "I do not try to save 60,000," he said, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovered that the idea of ​​swallowing him in securities quickly rested when the worker told him that the U.S. would not let him adopt and, although he took five minutes to 'save' a child, he took five years to reintegrate him in society. Patrick is not affected by the information and continues his quest to get Holly. The audience then shows that Holly does it in a small town and is fodder for food and other homeless children. It is then befriended by a local policeman who looks little better than criminals and a badge when they sell it to another brothel and then make a deal to a Vietnamese businessman who then takes girls li. Holly then seems to think that this is her destiny and when Patrick finally finds it, she wants to "yum yum" and "boom boom" friends far away. Patrick is absolutely confused by this behavior of behavior, but he is not discouraged in his plans to take it away from this world. In the end, he steals him away and brings him to a safe country in the comfort of the worker. Holly is given fresh clothes, if fed and brought to a dance class, but it is forbidden to see Patrick. This great desire to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, he runs away from the safe home and back on the streets of Cambodia. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick is faced with the decision to leave the country and chase in the United States or stay in Cambodia. His thoughts continue to return back to Holly and during a visit to a bar; An older man sees the picture she keeps and comments on her sexual appetite when she has sex with her. This rabbed Patrick and hit the man and ran out of the bar. Eventually, Patrick was taken by the police in the eyes of Holly, who hid behind a pole. <br /> <br /> The film "Holly" can make the audience want to give money towards organizations that enhance life for these poor youth, and even campaigns to reduce the number of homes in the region, but the dramatic dramatic films can reduce its likelihood to see people do not have enough to make a difference. In general, I think the concept is better than a documentary and it was not as touching as a movie. The actors have done a great job of showing their raw emotions and true confusion of the youth affected by this form, but in the end, the harsh form of the region and the desperate notions of parents who sell their children in their sustenance own hunger, do nothing to help the children's situation.
