After enjoying this show for years, I used to dream of being able to see them again and sharing them with my grandchildren. I am pleased to pay a small amount of memory that I found recorded on DVD. Florida was a caring mother and a husband loving husband working, one beautiful daughter with two different sons as day and night. Michael, the baby's son is a free walker and JJ is a clown. I know so many Afro-Americans show this, but I know many may have to deal with it as it was. My heart was sad when I learned that Ester Rolle was passing. Tyler Perry is currently the writer actor leading to today and I support his work, but not as much since he did as mocking populated by Rolle at one of his plays. No one should have heard these ugly things about physical appearance. The show began to get less exciting when Daddy James died. He picked up a bit when Florida remarried, but shouted when he took an absence in the show. In all, the show was great and yet I am happy to possess a copy of my past. I try to keep up with the work of the ancient stars of Good Times, and I must say, they are one group that has not been wiped up and down with rumors. I think that today's kids will enjoy this show and I have no problem sitting with watching the kids. Congrats writers, crews, and stars for years of renewed memory at a time that I can once again enjoy without skipping scene. <br /> OK So I watch the shows over and over. Recently I noticed things that made me reread the series, but not the flu. I think Florida was a bit harsh when it came to the money that the kids did. Not that the children did not need supervision, but it did in a way that made the mother of Florida different. The scene of Florida's talk about how others were not so much disruptive now. When James was alive, the show did something great from James wanting his own to fix-it stores, but never lived to see his family out of the projects, but Florida married a man who owned a shop- li. A bit of a slap in the face of an actor who should have finished his time on Good Times showing that he accomplished all he's been monitoring for. Finally, while watching the shows, I see the series go into extra and changed the name "JJ". To be truthful, after James leaves everything primarily centered around JJ. Not a bad thing, just something apparent. I would not trade my DVD for any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience began to guide your eyes after a while.
