When people think in downtown Chicago they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and "Da Bears", Ryne Sandberg, the Sox White breaks the curse of 2005 or the immortal Michael the other side and its six championships (and the final MVP) and Chicago Bulls. Rarely in this generation people think of the side fighting in Chicago, the ghettos, street infested streets in the urban housing projects during the 1970s. One of the most formidable TV shows ever with a Sitcom inauguration was "good time", which I am remarkably vicious as a toddler on CBS, and I enjoy regularly on Earth TV. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" was another Norman Lear classic, the producer who gave us the "Jeffersons", the best African American sitcom ever and "All in the Family" shows the greatest show at all times. "Good Times" carried out the difficulties of the ghetto and urban housing projects, and they did so with charm, well-written and substantial cemetery, and some wonders acting specifically by the matriarch and patriarch of this difficulty ghetto family played by Esther Rolle and John Amos. The children of their support were also very good especially Janet Jackson's ever popular in its early years with Ralph Carter as Florida and James Evans younger children whose characters in a young age realized that life was unfair, and learn to stand on his own feet. <br /> <br /> The older of the JJ kids played by Jimmy Walker is somewhat out of place on this show and is there mainly for funny relief. Her emotional age is about 11 or 12 though she looks like a guy in her early twenties. J.J. gets annoying, and it is a quite common embarrassing credit James Evans (Amos) that he never said J.J. to get his own life, get a job and get out of the house. J.J. It is an aspiring painter but unlike the younger brother who is never serious about finding a college degree, or most importantly, the family is getting a job helping to support a home that is just above the welfare situation. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes in Good Times were one of Janet Jackson's characters running a fever in 104, and Florida Evans is desperately seeking good medical care so it can not afford anything but a highly professional clinical doctor again do not want to give a family out of the projects more careful than it legally has. The other episode is one where James Evans can not afford to rent a low $ 104 a month. Evans are about to get the biggest of family constraints, being cast out of the projects that have no place to go. Florida Evans goes downtown to social services to attempt to get either a loan or a grant to help her family. But the government does not consider its family poor because they have more than $ 4,200 in property for a family of five who are unfair but unjustly legally on the line of poverty. James and the children want the hustle for the money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and does not want to do anything unfair that does not matter how long the situation is. At the end of the family find a solution to keep themselves taller than water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" a classic show in the 1970s is about to keep you upside down in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans both work hard to work menus to try to bring children right and avoid social welfare stigma. I was too young to understand Sitcom's message as a toddler in the 70s in her first air on CBS, but I really enjoyed the reruns on Earth TV in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic sitcoms in the back day.
