Prohibited planet represents the cost of science fiction that is costly in movies, especially in the 1950s. The Earth Day Was Standing Still With War In The World, but Do Not Forget This gem that took some of its stories from Shakespeare's storm to tell a story of astronauts on a planet with a doctor on it who did a remarkable tool. It's kind of tool that's not so incredible to look at (though for 1956 it looks quite amazing look at some of those lying with which the big machine builder creates), but with its emphasis on the characters and its terms of technology took too far into primitive primitive human nature even when we do not know that we are channeling it. On the surface - that is in the first ten minutes - it looks like standard, if a little more professional has acted and led with better skills than b movies in the period. A ship from the astronauts on a mission to the Altair-4 planet brought back an expedition that had disappeared before decades. But the only one is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, who somehow were immune to an attack that left everyone else dead. Morbius looks like a very smart driver and his technology seems to be so impressive that the only thing astronauts, led by the Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), may think that doing is to report it back to the superiors Earth. <br /> But there is a catch - something is killed in the crew of the boat, one by one, every night, even when others are holding an eye out and then putting an invisible electric fence, that this invisible thing goes through easy. Meanwhile, there are some romances possibly between the Skipper and Alraira, and there is an additional pushy to the doctor: you should not have come to the planet to begin, and now you need to go. What's happening in this is even more fascinating, just about a purely intellectual level but banned planet never forget that its audience should also be entertained by this story while getting some useful ideas. While everyone can remember the robbie robot, and for good reason, maybe the most unforgettable image for me is the monster to realize on the screen and the crew shoots no advantage, animated with red electricity and looking so animals that it looks out in Fantasia. <br /> The act from Pidgeon is subtle: you would not expect it to be a cruel, though something is in the character and in the performance that speaks to this, and in the end it makes character The far more complex than one would expect. With the other performances but also excellent, from Nielsen as a party leader Holliman gives some great relief as Cook (which, I should add, help with one of the funniest scenes in the movie with these gallons in Bourbon Robbie Bay). And the effects of its time are extraordinary (sophisticated in a way of nostalgia for today too), and the music, performed by electronics, is beautiful in its "tone". But ultimately it's the scenario and careful direction from Hilcox that puts this a tooth above the rest of many of B film. When it means to be funny, it's intentionally so and it works. When it's dramatic, it connects well even at the time of its stakes and actors. But when we were thinking of a horrendous situation, it comes down gradually, with nuances, not pushing in our faces or injecting and mega action. <br /> Inspiration for many other sci-fi films, with a fine marker of thought-fiction science history and books in ancient times, it's a classic stylish and fun.
