I should say at the beginning there are many, many things I love about 'banned planet' and yes, I certainly consider it a 'science-fiction film' for many reasons. But the adoption he received over the years goes a bit on the top of my opinion. No less an authority than Leonard Maltin says 'banned planet' "... is one of the most ambitious and clever movies in its genre." Ambitious? Without a doubt. Intelligent? Depending on what part of the movie you are talking about. It certainly was the most prestigious and highly-budgetary science-fiction flick at this point. At a price of almost $ 2 million (this was 1956, remembering), MGM pulled out all the stops to produce a dazzling, eye-popping external space adventure and anything seen on the big screen before, even staffing artists from the studio Disney for some of the most elaborate effects. 'Charming' is not usually a word used to describe the special effects of cinema movies, but this is one of the most suitable looks here. Even the 'Monster's Writing from the Id' is only a cartoon figure well-bestowed by Disney, easily scared anyone 8 years old. When I see the various sets and take note of the art design, patterns, costumes, etc., I remember in nothing much as the 'Wizard of Oz,' and its colors gorgeously saturated and elaborate if not always to convince the effect. So many works went to the movies that one is inclined to smile at admiration of the effort regardless. 'Forbidden Planet' is wonderful to look at. The scenes take place on evolved stage devices that are fabulously decorated, paintings of planets and spaces in the background, and complex designed miniature sand dunes and to provide illusions in depth. It's a bit like the most elaborate-producing step you've ever seen. The most credible and convincing scenes are probably the ones inside the massive Krell complex, where shots showing the vast depth and width of the interior space are well made and credible. But then we get the actors, darn it. Their performance is almost exactly as awful, though in one justice the dialogue has ever transcended the level of adolescent lock-room humor, except for some passages of technobabble barely adequate. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon reduced to give such an army performance, it's gloomy at times. A very young Leslie Nielsen star as captain J.J. Adams, and do not convey an ounce of credibility or conviction of the entire movie. It seems instinctively clear, thirty years before time, which strongly it is' lying in comedy, as some times it seems barely able to hold a straight face resiting his line. Each reassured reaction, if it is anger or passion or solemn meditation, seems right from a high school play. Anne Francis, also very young, a little better fare than the supposed innocent Alta, whom we must believe never see a man other than his father until the crew of the vessel shows up. (Alta Morbius, now has a name for you.) Sadly, even at that early age, Anne Francis looks like virginal and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in 'Butterfield 8.' There is a good story here, buried somewhere under the crew's crew on Alta and yet another juvenile complaint about Earl Holliman's cookie, cook the boat. (Holliman turns into a lightening performance too .. I guess all the actors go right out of this movie to act out of school.) Based on Shakespeare's 'Storm,' the story of a dead race, Krell, and world The fantastic spot in the cars left behind is what most people tend to remember about 'banned planet,' and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget about the rest of the movie and be dazzled by the Disney Artist Conception of the Krell underground complex. Is it enough to make up for the rest of the movie's imperfection? You'll have to decide that on your own. Oh, and of course the Robby Robot, the ten-year-old 1950's idea of ​​what a robot should look like and talk about. It's funny. In place. So, 'banned planet' with me is a very, very mixed bag. She deserves credit for being the inspiration for a whole wave of sci-fi films and TV shows that follow, not least in which Star Trek. "But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it's more than good-sized comic book sci-fi goes back and watch it again.
