When one thinks of one year science fiction film one thinks about the sloppy black and white film B that parodied on the old Mystery Science Theater 3000 TV show. But while there were so many films like Plan 9 from outer space and Monster robots than good films, the 1950s had some very good, if not great, movie film studies like The Earth Day were Still, Incredible Resale , The Invasion Of The Snatchers Of The Body, War Of The World, And Things From Another World. But the best of the batch, for its literacy and production value, was undoubtedly MGM's first major lead in a science fiction level, Banned Planet, released in 1956. It was a 98 minute color film, directed by Fred M. Wilcox, who featured then states in the special art effects, and was endowed with a merely very good by Cyril Hume, from a screen treatment called Fatal Planet, by Irving Block and Allen Adler, who Adapting aspects of the William Shakespeare Tempest into it. > <br /> The movie drew waves when it was released, for its special nominal Oscar, all its electronics scores, by Louis and Baron Barron (although credited as electronic tonal, to avoid music guild fees) inspired by Chesley Bonestell, and the famed monster of the Id (MOTI), has been hosted by an animator, Joshua Meador, on loan from the Walt Disney studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby Robot, in his first role in either film or television. And he would appear in the movie Invisible Boy-Included in this DVD as a bonus, as well as several appearances in the 1960s SCI TV shows the Twilight Zone, Night Gallery, and lost in space - with His own robot is often confused, with a comic appearance in the 1984 Gremlins movie. The story is simple, but stylishly constructed, and full of comic relief that the steel yeast loves 'love story' in the movie. In the 23rd century, the United States Cruiser C-57D planet - a flying saucer, led by J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes he was once a leading figure before his school days), is on the way to Altair IV's planet, to investigate what happened to the crew of the Bellerophon, sent to the Wet planet years earlier. After a year's trip, there are the single survivors of the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), Prospero stand-in philologist, the gorgeous daughter Altaira's blonde (Anne Francis) - the Miranda character in a miniskirt before 1960, and the Robby Robot, the domestic servant who is the Calibian counterpart. Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in the first few years, but it was immune to it. All in all, it is a technically good film - especially with some rear projections and sculptures, and the absurdity of the Timmy adult reaction and Robby's exploit on an absolute digital surreal digital. But it's manifested that the filmmakers had no sense of absurdity in the movie Sublime conjures, so he played right, thus making it even funnier. As for the main feature? Prohibited planet deserves all its kudos. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a couple of hours, and far better than Star Wars, which although made twenty years later seems more obsolete, and youthful. Only these films like 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Aliens and Aliens, and the first two Terminator films, were really equal or more powerful than this classic in depth and effect. <br /> It's worth knowing that, despite the overwhelming glittering Planet, there is the possibility that the MOTI is still dormant in Alta, as well. After all, she is her father's daughter, having a nightmare even more vivid than her dad when the MOTI attacked the ship a second time. Also, the movie wisely only shows MOTI at once, and never shows Krel, so that the imagination can still censure major crises than the best special effects. The film also makes good use of the narrative narrative condensing olives, something far more realistic art films often fail to do. Prohibited Planet is one of the films that define both its transcendent transmissions and other film films that were rather obvious to the Cold War Allen. Look at her, and you'll agree, as well as sleep a little less easily. But even if you do not, there is still the scene of Anne Francis skinnydipping. That alone is timeless.
