Forbidden planetary landmarks in science fiction, carefully staying in "tricky" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, ergo nerds will love it) while still playing with imagery and ideas in contemporary 1950s value . Mauritius Isolated House is a model of modern design and open space that steps from sculpted fields, a pool, and the ultimate home appliance: The Robby Robot. "A housewife dreams!" Call the Captain after lunch with a demonstration of the robot's capacity of food synthesis and disintegration garbage. <br /> <br /> Also revealed in the 1950s: fredic psychology rears itself in explanation id, although Morbius dismisses it as an outdated concept. There is a touch of the Pacific war drama in the fight with the invisible monster and life aboard the saucer. Perhaps most of the time is the post-atomic fear that science is the enemy, and arrogant scientists will involuntarily bring down the destruction of their blind quest for knowledge. But the suburban drama presented by planet banned looks uniquely cool in the science sci-fi. They are not swashbucklers or heroes, but ordinary sailors cross the galaxy and brilliantly a serviceman and honesty. The good guys drive the flying saucer, and the aliens are so long gone we do not even know what they seem like - although the music er- "atmospheric tonality" by Grandma and Louis Barron are remarkably futuristic today. The views from Morbius's house are really alien and sharp cliffs and pink bonsai. The interior of the saucer is just this side of Buck Rogers. There's a lot to visually love. Although we find fantastic monsters and robots for the kiddies, banned planet is a cerebral film, slowly rhythm and talky. It works on several levels at once: difficult sci-fi against space adventure, philosophical against domestic. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. In spite of all the talking spaces, the soldiers are dressed for the golf course. Morbius' fatal discovery is a modest education facility, a school. The most interesting character is Altaira of Morbius. Have you ever seen a man she is unashamedly forward to the crew. She is a post-Madonna adolescent who designs her own space-age dress and takes every opportunity to change outfits - imagining Christina Aguilera with a home replicator. Men watching the movie can see it as a naive girl in a minidress, but every woman knows there is no such thing as a naive girl in a minidress. Anne Francis deserves best recognition for humiliating people and kissing. We will never know if he was "working" him as he suspects, since the Captain interrupts and gets a more interesting target for his attention. It is the character that makes the significant change in the movie. Shocked by her father comparing the doctor to death in the other "embecils" in his landing party, he turned away from his father, home, leaving with the sailors to Earth. It's the act of challenge, at maturity, that sent Morbius' animal id on the edge, allegorically destroying its creator as it did thousands of Krell's earliest centuries. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the Krell had a young daughter too ...?
