The only thing I knew about this movie was before it was Robby Robo. My preconception was that it was another in a long line of cheats hit sci-fi that 1950s were noted for. How wrong I was. Big studio, big budget and huge output value make this a strong contender, at least visually, for the sci-fi movie better comes from the era. I qualify with the word virtually, because "War of the Worlds" is a lot darker and stronger than "banned Planet", and probably suits the best mold as a dive into foreign territory. <br /> <br /> What impressed me immediately had been pronounced in color in the cinematography, followed by the complexity and scope of detail involved in Dr. Walter Morbius (Walter Pidgeon) and laboratory. But that was just the prelude to the icing on the cake, the maze underground that served as the Krell fortress. It appeared that Krell technology was even more advanced than said, that of "Star Wars". Which made me consider, audience for this movie back when it was released probably located in the same type of theater theater that experienced in 1977 and SW, or in 1986 and "Foreign". Watching him on a big screen TV in my living room offers me the same effect, and I fairly resistant to hyperboles. <br /> It's not too much of an imagined stretch of "banned planet" as a direct antecedent in the series 'Star Trek'; Gene Roddenberry himself stated that the film had a huge impact on his vision for the show. Available in this short live series will be readily recognized by the trace elements used here that were returned to 'Star Trek'. I made a double take when the United Planet Cruiser C57-V was headed for a transportation room, while the presents presented to Robby created an impossible answer to have been a component used at least two or three times in the series ST. <br /> <br /> Where the movie definitely takes a cerebral turn done with the whole idea of ​​'monsters from the Id'. Sa Morbius himself used his subconscious idea to defend IV IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956, when every other sci-fi flick of the time faced with Martian or other grotesque creatures. The film worked in subtle magic on this viewer by helping me understand that Morbius was the coverage of Altaire IV some time before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explained it. <br /> <br /> You know, look at the calendar, 2200 years is not far off. This movie can be one that actually gets it right relative to exploring and living on other planets. I think, that they will have to come up with a sleeker looking look at Robby.
