A flying saucer was over (literally) by a crew of about 20 space explorers traveling hundreds of millions of light years from the earth to check in on a colony founded 25 years ago on a 'prohibited planet.' What to find is a more advanced robot than any imaginable earth, a beautiful and totally socially virgin woman, and his father, a hermit philosopher haunted by more than the demons of ancient civilization he bathed himself . <br /> On the surface, this story is a killing killer. Some compare it to Shakespeare's storm, but this is a stretch, and, in some ways, an insult in the scifi genre. The flow of what makes it a sufficient movie, sure, it's the storm, but how many hundreds of movies can you say something similar? <br /> Below, this is a story of evidence of progress and technology and social evolution needed for proper and safe use. But the movie always continues with the hope for our future that we have come to expect from show like Star Trek. Anne Francis is not the only reason why this film is best described as beautiful. The special effects, and even the aesthetics of the backdrops are powerful enough to make the direct and unpopular inspire act almost unnoticeable. If it was not for retro-art deco-ness in the 1950s Sci-Fi accessory, you might think you've looked at a 1960 piece. <br /> <br /> This is a classic of this very special The sub-genre of science girl I like to call 1950s Sci-Fi, and, but not, in my opinion, the best it is certainly a must see for anyone interested in film sci-fi and special effects. The intelligent plot, now rendered untouched by its use in six or seven episodes of Star Trek, lost in space, and even Farscape, is worth paying attention, and will sustain the interest of most fanatical fans. Trekkers will be particularly interested in the various aspects of the film that seem to have inspired the theme of the Star Trek's original series revealed over 12 years later, though they can find themselves disgraced by the relatively milder 1950s sexist and lack of any kind of racial integration. While I do not mean nitpick, the lack of social progress manifested in this film was one of the biggest issues I had with it. <br /> Some probably see this movie simply catch a glimpse of young, good-looking Leslie Nielsen in one of your first roles to begin her. Unfortunately, Nielsen's performance is only average, and at times down-right poor (especially to the point of the movie). Walter Pigeon, though quite excellent in other films, over-acting his role as well. Ms Francis, Earl Holliman, and Robby's amazing Robot are the stand-up actors from this crowd, though over the entire character actors complete in the ensemble doing a great job. The problems and performances are featured, I think, as much as the fault of the director and the editor, as nothing. Though they certainly got most of the movie quite right.
