This is a movie that has it all, the superbly hero, the beautiful girl in distress, the noble face and the tragic fault, and a really wonderful robot. Forbidden planet has caught special magic over the years and does not lose its taste and repeat view (although the appeal of Anne Francis's teens appeal has helped remarkably to that note). <br /> <br /> Fan movie will recognize the young Leslie Nielsen who presents Adams's beautiful and heroic, although those of us who have grown fond of him in the role of comedy will probably be a bit taken aback by his appearance. in a serious role. The distinguished and noble-looking Walter Pidgeon is also a featured player as a scientist with a secret (Id). Other cast castes deserve a shake, especially Warren Stevens as brainy and the "Doc", and of course the charms of Miss Francis, as noted above. <br /> This film was an early pioneer in the use of electronic music, in the 1950s, no less. Credit is called "tonality", but those of us who tried to tinker along early versions of the device "Theremin" will recognize the weird and spooky whales and screeches sometimes used in the sound track. Still, he is convinced of the image of the exotic and foreign world's mysterious landscape and banned from the Krell. <br /> <br /> The special effects are also well detained. I remember my fear as a young man waiting for the next manifestation of the monster invisible "Id", and when he finally visualized in the one battle scene he literally shook me in my toes of wonders and tremble. The magic art magic is completely exploited in the dizzying scenes of the Krell Scientific Complex as the characters make their way through the various labyrinths and passages, guided by Dr. Morbius's injustice. <br /> I remember feeling some envy of Dr. Morbius would have been such a cool game in the Robby Robot's shape. The character of Robby is quite good and in some ways it seems more humane than some of the other characters. The viewers in follow-up shows like Twilight Zones and the lost space will recognize Robby's proprietary of some of the episodes, although I remember he never had the "personality" of the original Robby. <br /> I must admit they do not completely understand the complexities of the plot until I was old enough to understand the various references Freudian psychology and the danger of unleashing the hiding and virtually having fears and rage we bring to them has trained ourselves, through the strength of will, submission and control of adherence to society code. Although the key to the story seems obvious once revealed, it remains unknown (or perhaps deliberately neglected) by Dr. Morbius until pointed out to Adams's clear-thinking commander, who force Dr. Morbius to confront evil in his head . He always gives me upside down when Captain Adams drives Dr. Morbius down before the Krell car is endowed with superior intelligence, which opens the flooding gates of his subconscious in the power of the Krell car: "Here is where your head has been artificially expanded. Maybe it still misses the power to operate the Great Machine. But your subconscious has been strong enough. "Zowee! <br /> <br /> Forbidden planet remains probably my favorite sci-fi movie ever, and it remains timeless and classic for its carefully crafted story and wonderful visualization and realization on the screen.
