I'm still so frustrated that most of science fiction movies are true Western intergalactic or play war games. Even Star Wars that are visually brilliant, there is one of its central images, a futuristic "gang that could not shoot straight." Imagine you come over 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them have an open shot and are missing. <br /> I have read many science fiction, and wanted to have more movies for those who think. Banned planet, one of the earliest genre, is still one of the best. The story is based on a long-lost civilization, Krell, who created cars that could reinforce the intelligence of any that does not leap proportions. Unfortunately, these have not been negotiated for, is that the brain is a center for thinking other than scholars. The primitive aspect of the brain, the id, as Freud calls it, is allowed to go unlimited. It is free to sleep, a bad dream comes to cooperative existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr Morbius, is one of those who jacked his brain to this level, and he built cars and defenses that kept him barely one step ahead of the horrors of the recreation of his own ideas. His thoughts are creating horrors that he soon will not be able to defend. Krell, a lot of superior species, could not stop it; he destroyed them. The landing party has never been in my big interest. The rest of the actors are beautiful to replace. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and certainly would produce quite a reaction to the male fifty. His father's spell is aggravated by his innocence and the five astronauts of the wild beast (because they are more like construction workers on the make than real astronauts). They are always trying to figure out "dames." Cook is a great character, and her mania for hooch. The Robbie Robot has more personality than most of the crew, with one miracle if Mr. Spock may not be a soulmate in the literal thinking of this artificial creature. The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is the star. Morbius can not turn back and so he is destined to destroy himself and everything with him. Some fiction science films are worth seeing more than once; This is one that can be right right in the 21st Century.
