After dark, my sweetness is a great, modern noir, full of stuffy characters, dirt road, and, of course, sweaty characters. It seems that most of the nuts really occur in the last two or three decades took place in the South, where people glisten with the ladies, um, glisten too. Why? Because it's hooooottttttttttt. And because everyone looks better wet (at least boys do - women sweat away my colleagues). <br /> <br /> Anyway - there might be some crowd in here. This film is a wonderful example of everything a candle should be - fixed rules (though some and careful illness refer to it as 'slow'), clearly and widely drawn (though not simple) characters, and ton of atmosphere. Noir, if anything, is about humor and attitude. That's why big ones are not marked by your traditional definition of 'big' acting (see Bogart, Mitchum, Hurt, and Nicholson - they (and the characters) were anything but real - but they had style and sass This movie crime is exactly what you want. or quickly rhythm adventures (yet all great noir seem to be about to slow down like a cigarette). Large Noirs create an environment and you just live it with the characters for a couple hours. <br /> <br /> After the sweet black I let you do this - and let's enjoy the company of some very interesting and complex characters. Uncle Bud and Collie are intriguing - never allow the audience to know what really makes them tick - and Patric and Dern (I like Bruce Dern, by the way) are perfect pitch, Dern especially (see before commenting). They take the basic explanations of a character and give them the depth and elite of our liking. <br /> The story itself is also interesting. There is the best cemetery in the world of Noir (hardly any mystery here - especially in suspense), but this one is solid. If anything, simply plotting 'okay' has more to do and write Jim Thompson than anything else. With Thompson, the schemes are almost high; he eschewed the labyrinth stories of Hammett and Chandler for simpler stories and characters stronger, more confusing. Look at a novel like the killer inside me and you will see right away (from the title) what it all about. When it comes to Thompson, it's not that it's over, it's how it's about it (quoted Roger Ebert). So, really, the relatively simple scheme of a kidnapping is not the point and, if you do not like it, quite jokes about you. <br /> Why this is a 8star film rather than a 10star one is because of the female lead. It's not bad, is not, but not Angelica Huston or Anette Benning (see adaptation of Jim Thompson at Grifters if you do not know what I'm talking about - besides it's a better movie and you should start having for contemporary noir - it's the best of the 1990s and challenging without simple for the title of Best since Chinatown). He simply does not have the chops (or looks for that matter) and even if he and Patric have some chemistry, I do not have it with him. So there.
