I think "Anyway ..." is a kick-ass movie. Really. Tom Barman spent his years doing it, and shows: every polished scene has a meaning, ... I guess most of it. One thing many people tend to criticize is the "lack" of the story. I'm afraid that this is an effect in our being overwhelmed with "traditional" storytelling, all the time. I mean: what you can achieve with a book, you can not achieve with a movie, what you can achieve with a movie, you can not realize it's just telling it to a friend. The problem is that we are so used in movies, series, ... to be just a movie version of a story; a visual recording of events-just like when you watch the news - that we hope every movie has this epic feature: a strong storyline and a lot of amazing events. And I stress the idea of ​​"strange events": most people see on television in the news, in movies, series, ... very unusual, once-in-a-life situations. And here, in "Anyway ...", there are strange events, but not the same "Hollywood blast explosion" in style: guy gets fired, couple back together, car gets stolen ... and of course very The usual thing, and that's strong: just being able to appreciate all that universe, that's art. And I agree that especially what can only be achieved in movies, which atmosphere created by notes It's not like the traditional visual cinema (visual blockade like the Matrix); it serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, in each shot you feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and the city's form, and then there is no point in this film, it's like "learning" something; and there is no great story telling and incredible torsion scenario. It just shows people everyday and everyday life, It showed a city, everywhere and good and bad and said: This is us, that's our city is life, let's enjoy it. So basically, "De to So way ... "Not only that movie is super groovy, it also has a stronger" message "(it's not clear, maybe even not intended) than most movies how really intend to pass a message. A disadvantage: now, we'll have to wait five years to see the next gate bar, and everyone is expecting much of it.
