WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Circus and released in 1956, is like all five films of the Circus 50-pi melodrama. But it is engrossing, richly developed melodrama, and the trademark circus extreme color expression, vibrations, emotional emotions, symbols and juxtaposes in the classes to make that a movie crave. <br /> <br /> The film opens up brilliantly, and Four central characters and the scheme being introduced as credit are still rolling. Circus uses a smart flashlight structure to take you to his world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are magnificent as the "kids" Hadley, Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps around with women. He drinks and sleeps around with men. They are both worth millions, thanks to the Hadley oil business. Hunky, but poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's lively friend, and Marylee's dream lover. Join this soft mess Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slim, attractive young woman who falls under Kyle's charm after taking up a phone and flies it across the country an evening. Mitch likes it too, but Kyle wins it. They quickly got married, and Kyle stopped drinking. But fate seems to be writing on the wind, and it is not long before a Marylee conniving (who will "have Mitch", no marriage or marriage), a mythical hidden hip, Lucy is confused with Kyle's sad drink coming in course. ... <br /> <br /> Malone is just wonderful like Marylee Hadley, well worthy of her best support for Oscar comedy. He steals every scene she's in. Stack is almost just as good, ampinging the melodrama, while still holding subtle and quiet despair. Hudson and Bacall are a lot more restrained than those two, but it is in keeping with the characters they play. <br /> So what's all this melodrama really about it? Well, a lot of things. Stack's powerful pack of men's inability and fear, for one thing. Circus encapsulates Stack with fake symbols across the movie - scores of his little gun, the oil derricks and the ultimate phallic symbol, seems Kyle's inability to conceive the children. Stack seems to suffer from a massive complex of men superiority, which has worsened by his father's preferences to Hudson, his sister's desires for Hudson, and suspected that his wife would carry on with Hudson. With this wealth, Kyle Hadley still end up in the wrong end of town, buy liquor liquor liquor like a "bomber". It is about impossible dreams, and who have let go of them. The river where Kyle, Marylee and Mitch used to play when children were constantly referenced in the film, symbolized Kyle and (especially) the Marilee wants to be innocent and youthful simplicity. In an excellent melodramatic scene, Malone steals perfectly, Marylee stands by the river and imagines herself as a child, and voices in Mitch tells Marylee that she is still her girl. This is where Circus hits a great emotional code with the viewer. Who has not dreamed of going back to this special place in childhood? Who, at some point, lived on a treasure memory? Who did not want something they could not win? With Hudson's latest line of film (yes, he has no dialogue in the last 10 or so minute, only close-ups) to remember how "far from the river Marylee" was. Amazing.
