"Writing on the wind" was a universal success story. It could only be done by Douglas Circus, a man who saw the possibilities of the material he gave. Based on a popular novel by Robert Wilder and an adaptation by George Zuckerman, he has all the elements that make an excellent melodrama: nymphomania, a great oil fortune, alcohol, incest and a mild touch of homosexuality. Sir Cyrk set the path for what would follow later on in genre of genre opera, especially "Dallas" and "Dynasty", just mentioned two. The fact that this film was shot entirely inside a studio. Most of the decor is phony. Like a lot of these 1950 pictures, "Writing on the Wind" was shot entirely in a lot of studios. Just look at the scenes that are supposed to take place in Manhattan, or Miami, or even the lake, one can see how the landscape is a painted set. Sir Cyrk could not handle less about realism as long as he could tell the story his own way. <br /> <br /> We just took a screening, part of a revival at Circus's work, where people laughed at some of the most dramatic moments, especially during the scenes where Rock Hudson, who plays Good Mitch Wayne, appears. There's also something graphic in the way both Robert Keith, who plays Jasper Hadley's patriarch, and later on her own daughter, Marylee's bad, caresses the oil derrick who decorated the senior man's office, a sort of phallic art objects Douglas Circus probably wanted to throw it on the top performances, making sense of the path Dorothy Malone shows Marylee nanmphomaniac, and to some degree Robert Stack, who overacts as Kyle, unfortunately inherited in the story. This would probably be an easy explanation of what comes across the screen. The only similar one is Lauren Bacall, who was not asked to make it Lucy Moore character appear to be anything but a sitting sitting holding out with the wrong people. <br /> Together with his other Hollywood movies, "Writing on the Wind" shows the genius of a talented director who gave the public just what they wanted to see: stories greater than life that could only be seen on the big screen
