Director Douglas Sirk once said `there is a very short distance between high art and garbage, and garbage that has been digging is not very close to art 'quality. This statement defines his movies perfectly, a very unique body of work including classic stage adaptations, adventure and movie wars, west and of course, his famous melodrama. Circus Melodrams were, as the word stands, plays and music. The music sets the tone for his mastery style, with each brush stroke (Circus was also a painter) leaving a powerful image on the screen-turn-cloth. But this is not life but its representation, an imitation of life. Circus never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of the directors of its generation made a better use of all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (most notably Technicolor) to distinguish the artificial from the real thing. Let's remember that the golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood film turned his attention to the social drama (blackboard forests, rebel without a cause). Circus always knew that movies were meant to be something else. <br /> <br /> Another of the Circus statements summarizes this: "You can not reach, or touch, the real. You just see reflection." If you try to understand happiness itself finger only satisfied glasses. Defy anyone who has seen Writing on the wind to count the amount of mirrors and mirrored images that appear on the screen. One end up giving. <br /> Therefore, we are in a room full of mirrors where there is no The difference between real and its fraudulent copy, no one can say that Hadley is real people, this city is not real either, with such horrible oil all over the place. So in this domain is acting Affected, the decor is fake, the trick is visible. All are pushed slightly over the limit (the sexual connotations of Dorothy Malone and the oil tower, for example). Circus was criticized and theorized at the same time The angle is the director's thinking; the lighting is his philosophy. In Writing on the wind we follow a traditional way of life both in a geey way Ethics and in terms of light and shadow. The Hadleys House, with its different levels connected by the spiral staircase operates in a strictly metaphorical manner. A house similar to a mausoleum, that no party can cheer up. As tragedy progresses from daylight to daylight, Circus's photography becomes an extension of the inner state of his character, and so are the colors of the clothes to wear. Drama is thus incorporated into each element of the service of the craft director. <br /> <br /> Circus counts itself a `story bender, because it has lowered the standard material it has been assigned with its style and purpose. Writing on the wind is a good example. He did not work anywhere else. <br /> <br /> The other director who was using similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was for the 50 comedy that Circus was for melodrama. The films are full of cars in American life - advertising, television, jukebox, washing machine, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - to show its blank and decay. I'm inclined to think that the films were considered differently by contemporary audiences. The game has been played by both sides, so it was camp. Now we are considered `cult 'or' scarce ', because we are no longer spectators. Therefore, Todd Haynes' homage 'far from heaven' becomes a pasty, because he recruits Sirk's work nowadays as nothing has happened in between. Then Circus turned exactly at that painter hanging in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the garden discussed in the aforementioned film. Circus understands the elements of melodrama perfectly. There were still real estate characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here) against which he could collect a series of cracks. His balance of antiterosis is remarkable and not surprising we root for the split characters, because these are the same sugars that are interested in too. When Robert Stack flew to the plane and 'tempting' Lauren Bacall with all kinds of mundles in the world below (obviously Faustian echo) we are unusual to fascinate with him too, as we are when devilish nymphomaniac siblings are deeply reminded its past and Mitch alone by the river. <br /> In the universe circus studio often-impose `happy ending 'has no negative impact. In fact they worked just great. Cirque was fond of Greek tragedy and considered as happy endeavor to the Old Car in his day. So, the final courtroom scene fits well and one must also remember that the film is all said in flashback, so we know from the very beginning that tragedy will fall on the Hadley feud. The many similarities between writing on the wind and the godfather legend. I absolutely agree with myself if the parallel is not incidental. Both share the theme of the old-fashioned father head trying to keep his empire going while protecting his family. The son temperament described by Robert Stack has an amazing physical resonance with Sonny Corleone Jimmy Caan. Action of his friend's friend fights is symmetrical. The non-son in which the old man trusts him is also common in both films, such as the fact that both families carry their names in the cities. Even details as the gateway to access to the property, and the environment of the house covered by leaves, suggests that Coppola wrote on the wind in your head while setting her master. Because both films deal with the subject of power: the acquisition of power, manipulation and heritage (even Kyle Hadley's culture, the event that rushes to the turmoil, is an easy issue tied to the central theme of power, at this may be a weakness of sexual power). The other big movie that deals with power and uses American life as its representation is Citizen Kane. One would not think first of the similarity between the film Welles and the Circus but has a great deal, starting with the oil business as the origin of the family fortune and ending in the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), as Charles Foster Kane, was Adopted by a tutor, whose own father lives. Amazingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) performs both Wayne and Kane's father. This detail can not be a coincidence. Writing on the wind is a masterpiece in every aspect, in execution and vision, in style and technique, a highlight of the career director of this wonderful. Some say that this is his best film. In my opinion, 'Fabulous Fabric', 'All That The Sky Allow', 'Still Still' and 'Imitation of Life' are just as good. And for those who put Circus at the level of Dallas or Dinasty I hope they have no happy ending.
