I saw this film at the Chicago Film Festival. To pick up on the previous review remarks, the claustrophobic feel and color cuts in the film are my sense of intentional and transliterated sense of limited space, drabness architecture, in general drabness which constitutes the urban environment of most Eastern and Eastern Europe. A bit discounted style project style is as I would describe it, and this is how many people live on the outskirts of major cities. I can not say that I'm familiar with Bucharest, Romania where the stock is unfolded, but I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student for a semester, my whole group dragged the seven story luggage up the stairs to a sleeping student dormitory building, as the heroine did when the moving with a woman, because the elevators were not working. But I agree with the review, which clostrophobia and muted colors, it's late, for having to be sure, beautiful historical buildings, parks, squares can be found in Bucharest or any historic city center in Eastern Europe, and the Bucharest did not get much of any footage of this movie. For me this movie translates the clear clostrophobi that I would feel during my half years stay there, feeling stranded and limited. (It makes you see why someone wants to migrate and find a better life, as people expect to be saved from a United States ghetto.) <br /> <br /> Also, given the climate in homophobia, say, Few, US in the 1980s, two young women who fall in love with each other are forced to keep their love a very private issue; Hence, focus on the interactions of the apartment. <br /> It's remarkable and lousy in my watch this movie was quer queer even made in Romania, and I found the complaint in the previous review of the poorly informed and patronizing movie on the movie. It's easy that the director and producer lured up much government support and financing for the films, and they made the best of their ability and resources to limit their chances. The actors were fairly good and credible; The dialogue was generally well done, and I could have identities to these women. The film offers a twist added to that of love prohibited between two young women, Kiki, an energetic, fun-loving spirit free with a dark, confusing secretion (admiration and love for an abusive brother, spouse, Sandu) falls into Love and Alexandra, a bright, livish, idealistic young woman who moved to Bucharest to start her college study. Opposing to attract, and personalities seem to complement each other, though there are some tension between ambitious, studious, intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who seem to be college, please parents. Keeping their love hidden from parents seems to manage, even if we do not find any sense of the tension it requires, neither do we ever see or encounter any other student - hard to believe - and the tension keeps secret love they would have to execute. The chief threat of love is Kiki's brother and his difficulty trying to seriously deal with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give him the strength he needs to ultimately serious this bond, or do it? That is the suspicion of the movie focused on how the narrative develops, and I will not say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Ironically, love Kiki's "illness" is not like for another woman, but her illicit, incestuous love for her brother. So, love a woman offering the potential healing of the disease to love a siblings. Though this feeling of this film is clumsy and claustrophobic, heavily captive in interaction between Kiki and Alexandra, he still engages and moves to watch, so I'll give it a 7.
