"Ruby in Paradise" is a beautiful, coming-of-age story about a young woman, Ruby Lee Gissing, escaping her stiff roots to herself. Although the title character is played ably by Ashley Judd's gorgeous - in her first movie luck role, albeit one to be quite proud of - the emphasis is not about becoming "somebody," the Madonna's next (whether Jesus' mother or lucid, the attention-hungry singer). It instead emphasizes these 'instincts and was somewhat introspective on them, to grow into an ideal of self, self. NOTE: This is not a movie action !!! He uses a once-vision narration (by Mrs. Judd) while writing in his journal - and oh, I see I've just lost half of the readers out there. But be patient with this beautiful movie, where we learn that one's bliss can be discovered in - oh, I duno, bring water and chopsticks. <br /> <br /> Actor / director / writer Todd Field, who played Nick Nightingale in "Eyes Wide Shut," co-star as Ruby Lee's noble love interest, someone helping her heal her mind in spontaneous relationships from youth. <br /> But not even his character is the answer to Ruby Lee: There is no external hero imposed on him. The final message is that we are responsible for ourselves. Writer / director Victor Nunez, who also wrote / directed the Gold Ulee, made an amazing job showing a young woman growing up in herself - confronting the age-old challenges of good v badly. the road. Throw in support is also stellar, with the music used, particularly off by singing Sam Phillips (who I hear is the wife of T. Bone Burnett), is right over - most specifically " Trying to keep on the ground. "Now, when I hear the first chords in this song, my eye tears, Pavlovian and unbidden - are not sure if it's the music, or the indelible connection of quiet, good message in autonomy. <br /> <This movie is highly recommended for any young person trying to find his / her way. For any woman at any age, it is a must see! The downside: It's not about DVD, except in Spanish. (We've learned, however, that it is legal to make one copy of a VHS version, which can be easily found online. My dear I found someone with a VHS copy and got a copy of DVD made for me.) Despite this treasure in a movie occasionally pops up over time ?? on an independent channel, usually ?? you can not count on that when you might need it most as a tonic to calm down the pressures of the world. So buy a copy for yourself. <br /> <br /> This movie should have a great re-release, and it would be if I was the Queen of Hollywood.
