Very slow-paced, but complicated structured and ultimately touching. A beautiful, very true-to-life look at a small Florida beach town of the dead in winter - I was there, and this is absolutely accurate. She is also the first feature of actress Ashley Judd, and she does a great impression here. It's hard to believe that this movie is 12 years old - I remember seeing it in the theater, and I recently rented "Ruby" again. Except for the 80's looking dress, she kept up very nicely. Ashely is so radiant and touching here, that it's hard to think of his subsequent career without wincing. Boy, talk about it will not fulfill your happiness promise! Anyone who sees Ashley here in "Ruby In Paradise" would assume this elegant, natural beauty went through all kinds of artistic films and serious acting - instead it became "going to" girls for dancing action films and Slasher movies ! Very disappointing, but at least we have wonderful performance that keeps showing up the promise of happiness. As some other commentators say, this is not for everyone as it's very slowly rhythm. This is not a movie action, nor is it really a romance. The director (Victor Nunez, "Ulees Gold", another excellent character study) treated this woman's ordinary life with great respect, allowing her story to build slowly and with great detail. That way, I think this is one of the most moving and respectable stories about young women that I can remember - it's not about ruby's sexual awakening or "how she lost her girls", but on choices His life and it will grow mature. <br /> A beautiful movie, if you take the time to watch it ... I think it would be a really great movie to show youngsters and girls (or boys for that matter) and give them a chance to think over and discuss it. <br /> <br /> Kudos particularly in the director of Nunez, who also wrote the script, which is so realistic and nicely detailed that I assume all of the movie that he was based on a novel-written or biography , but in fact it's Mr. Nunez's original works. Rated 8 out of 10.
