The first time I watched this movie about his liberation in 1987 and it was very emotionally affected, through a combination of guilt of what my fellow human beings can do to innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate about these atrocities against people. /> <br /> Particularly moving was the funeral of Steve Biko, made even more vivid and hard-hit by the South African humor played at the time. I have long believed that this movie has realized what nobody else has ever managed - to open the eyes of the world in what was really happening in South Africa. I consider myself to be someone thinking normal right and I can attest that this movie changes all the way I think about not only South Africa, but how we as white people see black people. I have never seen any difference between people of any color or belief, but after watching this film I physically change my life and have spent the last 17 years living in a black country and helping many people rise above standard They are present in living and realize what they would not think possible. The greatest reward I can honestly say I got - to be able to say that in my own small way I contributed and regenerating the balance a little. But if there are more people who thought like me and actually did something to help black people without looking for a reward then all the black population of this planet would be a little better. <br /> I challenge anyone who thinks the right to watch Freedom Cry from the beginning to the end and does not feel that embarrassing tugging in your heartstrings as you witness 700 school kids shot brutally dead in Sharpville to refuse to learn Afrikaans, murder at stupid Steve Biko, as a champion for his own people's rights, and then finally, to understand that all this is not merely a movie, albeit a very beautiful, but that it all happens with less than 30 years so. <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then see if you can go out later with hard parties. I could not. I was too angry to know the truth. This feature is a great movie. It was obviously the intention of Sir Richard Attenborough to get this message on about South Africa. Of course he has realized it. Unless you happen to support apartheid. God helps you.
