Richard Attenborough is a director whose name is synonymous with the Academy Awards 'Gandhi', back to '83. I did not know of any other work until I recently came across 'Cry Freedom', released back in 1987. While it may not have been as popular as Gandhi it, it is all as dignified as , if not more, and was released when South Africa still did not get rid of the chain of apartheid. While most movies about social issues came after the event happened, I guess this one was released during the time. <br /> History is based on real life characters and events. The book on which the film was based, was written by Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), a journalist who used to work in South Africa until the end of the sixties. It draws the origins of friendship woods and charismatic Steve Biko's blacksmith, who is beautifully described by Denzel Washington. I can not imagine a better choice for the role. Washington has excited a natural charm with the presence of screen, which Biko's character asks. <br /> While initially, Woods was against what he felt was black racists were being dispersed by Biko, after meeting the man, he could not help being drawn into his struggles with ideas. The bond between them is growing stronger, and Woods and their families achieve and become more sensitive to the behavior of Biko's people. However, finally, tragedy hits, and the woods must now focus on escape from South Africa, with his book, so that it can get it published and let the world out know what's going on. The second half of the film is an attractive story of escape from South Africa, along with his family, and will keep you on tenterhooks. <br /> There are some delectable comics too. The scene between Biko and lawyer in courtroom is an example. <br /> <br /> Lawyer: Do you defend violence? Biko: I defend a confrontation. Lawyer: Well, is not violence, Mr. Biko? Biko: Not necessarily. You and I have a confrontation right now, but I do not see any violence. However, there are moments that bring you back to the horrors that invade the country before better sense. The scene where the army opens fire on a protest by school children is wrenching and heartbreaking seeds. This is definitely a must look. I would suggest people who are not familiar with Attenborough's work, take time out. There are so many movies. And there are movies that make life. I would have any day prefer the letter.
