What a brilliant film. I will admit it very ambitious, and the subject. In a little over two and a half hours, it is a very long film too. But neither of these clues are flawless in any way. Calling Freedom, despite minor defects, can be a powerful, moving and compelling film about the story of Steve Biko's black activist in his struggle to wake up South Africa in the horrors of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. The people also complained that the film suffers from too much woods too much Biko. I can be wrong, but although it's Biko's story, he said in Woods's perspective, so Woods is an important character in transmitting Biko's story to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Liberty visually looks amazing. With the show-standing symphony and stunning South African landscape it was a visual feast. The open scenes were especially brilliant. George George's music brought dramatic realism in the most scenes. It was subtle in the second half, but vibrant and dramatic scene at the crowd stage. The script was of exceptional quality, court scene and Biko was enough really to make you think wow this is good quality. The first half and Biko as the main focus still had something to feel emotional about, whether it was the police attack of South African citizens or Biko's death. The second half entirely on Donald Woods brings less of an emotional punch, but is rewarded by how he shot, performed and written. And there are parts that are really thrilling as well. <br /> <br /> Performance was exceptional in the entire cast, from the worst character of the driving, did not have one bad performance. Regardless of the accents that are, but it is forgiven so easily by how much the performance draws you to Denzel Washington in one of his more understated performance, giving a truly compelling performance as Biko, and Kevin Kline shows that he can be as good at drama as it is in comedy, because it provides a subtle matching performance to that of Washington. And the chemistry of the gentleman is credible and never hit a fake note. Penelope Wilton is beautiful as Donald's wife Wendy, and she is a great actress anyway. From performance to support, and there may be some bias, two stood out for me. One was Timothy West, which relies on his role as Capt. DeWet. The other was John Baw's outstanding exceptional in a brilliant caffeine-cooling as Kruger. The direction of Lord Richard Attenborough is focused and always sensitive as usual. <br /> In general, a really wonderful movie. Ambitious and time it is, but never ceases to be compelling, powerful and achingly moving. A winner is defined by Lord Richard Attenborough, and worthy of praise more. 10/10 Bethany Cox
