"The True History of the Friendship that shook South Africa and raised the world." Richard Attenborough, led "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi", wanted to bring the story of Steve Biko into life, and the trip and problems for journalists Donald Woods went in in order to find the story he said. These films use the two books of Wood for its information and base - "Biko" and "Ask for problems". The film takes place in the late 1970s, in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip of the terrible apartheid, which holds the blacks separated from white and classified their white as the superior race. The blacks were forced to live in the outskirts of the towns and villages, and come under harassment often by the police and the army. We show an early Sunday morning attack on a shantytown, such as bulldozers and police forces dumping their way to the beaten track and even killing the remaining ones. Then we are presenting Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of a popular journals. After publishing a negative story about Steve Biko activist (Denzel Washington), Woods goes to meet with him. The two are cautious for each other at first, but they soon become good friends and Biko shows the horrors of the system apart from a black woods viewpoint. This encourages the Woods to speak against what is happening around him and made him desperate to bring Steve Biko's story out of South Africa's clutches to the world. Soon, Steve Biko was arrested and imprisoned. Now Woods and his family are daring to escape from South Africa in England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and the Apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I first heard of "Freedom Cry", I was under the impression that it was a movie completely dedicated to the life of Steve Biko. I never actually heard of Steve Biko before I saw this movie, as the events in this film were really before me. But he read more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border in Lesotho as he tried to elude the South African officials. Woods was placed on a five-year home arrest after Steve Biko died. So, in order to publish his manuscript on Steve Biko, he escaped. Because the manuscript would be considered a betrayal of South Africa and could cause Woods to meet a fate similar to that of Biko. Real Donald Woods and his wife act as consultant in this film. <br /> Denzel Washington is only in the movie for the first hour, and I was ashamed and as I was hoping to see her for the whole movie. But it was amazing as Steve Biko, he captured his personality from what I was reading really well and accentring him to sound perfect. His performance made him an Oscar nomination for best supporting actors. Kevin Kline has delivered an excellent and thought-out performance as Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is excellent as his wife Wendy. <br /> <br /> Filming took place in Zimbabwe, as useless to say problems arose when trying to film it in South Africa. While in South Africa, South African gestapo followed films widespread, so they got the bad vibes and pulled and went to neighboring Zimbabwe instead. Despite everything, and the fact that the apartheid did not end up until seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. But movies that show the movie got bomb threats. Richard Attenborough is carrying the horrors of the screen apartheid with extreme strength and resilience. It does not hold back at the end of the film when it shows what was supposed to be a peaceful protest by the students in a shantytown, becoming a massacre when police opened fire on them. The film ends with the names of the entire anti-deprecatory who were killed in prison, with explanations for their deaths. Many were "No explanation". Quite a few was "Epilepsy," which is hard to believe, and many more either fall from the top of the stairs or were "suicide from hanging". No one will ever know what has happened, but I think it's just to say that none of these guys have died from their own hands but from others; or to be more precise, at the police. <br /> <br /> "Cry Liberty" is a must-see movie for his painting with Steve Biko's story. It is also a paint and devastation of a beautiful country divided with the diabolical impediments of racial and violence segregation.
