CRY FREEDOM is an excellent element for those who want an overview of wickedness apart from just a couple of hours. Famous Professor Richard Attenborough (Gandhi) is certainly not alien to the genre, with the collaboration of the real gentleman and Mrs. Woods, the main white characters in the books and in this film, to confer more authenticity to CRY FREEDOM. The current video of release actually runs a little over 2 and a half hours since 23 minutes of extra footage was to make it a part of television ministers after the first movie released theater. While the length adds the films to the left foot: unequal and stereotyped character development, another possible flaw (stressing the white character 's fate over those of the African people) can work out as a force. See CRYING FREEDOM as a political film and historically educated (as I think it should be, on the basis of its artistic merits), the story is one that African blacks know only too well, though the younger generation can now need to see read on film for all impact. It is the white ones that were still the movie and the audience target the book, hopefully the drives change. Now twelve years after the cinema production, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more exciting movie to watch. Nearly ten years after the majority of black rules was at least theoretically in place, the ideal CRY FREEDOM 1987 remained with great emphasis. That's why it remains as imperative as ever for South African Africans, particularly those younger who have heard only two of these actions to view it, and absorb the movie's message. In total contrast to American slavery and Jewish exposing the Jews, the South African struggle has been said by one or two stories: CRY FREEDOM, THE CRY PEOPLE (OK, count it twice if you include the notion) , and SARAFINA (I miss one?). All three plays also incorrect American features and British actors in both their white and black roles. No South African actor played a major role, white, color, American or Black!). And yes, I missed another international South African drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Even though this (highly recommended) biopsy was released after black majority has been established, MANDELA was played by an American Black (Sidney Poitier, who also insulted the original SA-themed CRY COMPANY), while Africans DeKlerk is played by a very British bald (thin) Michael Caine, a good performance if you can cancel that much sense of Africanship is anti-British feelings. Until local SABC TVs and African films begin to deal with their own legacy, CRY FREEDOM is about as authentic as you will find. As poetry as the white (particularly Afrikaners) shown in the movie, any visitor (non-casual) visitor to South Africa even now in 1999, not to mention 1977 when CRY FREEDOM takes place, will generally gain attitudes the white towards black that prevents, even understands. Looking at CRY FREEDOM in hindsight, it's amazing that reconciliation can take place at all, and it is. But CRY FREEDOM in time shows not many have changed in many minds again, and that African African goals of FREEDOM and reconciliation are always ongoing. That's why if you are a novice to the situation, CRY FREEDOM is your best introduction.
