I finally won I want to see this one in a movie. I would see Fritz Lang's movie on video a few years ago. I would expect that screening conditions might work magic. The conditions were ideal in Cinematheque Ontario. Prices are printed in full. The originality of the original Gothic-German script and simultaneous English translation, accurate without too literal. Live piano accompaniment. Ideal. <br /> <br /> The movie movie sputtered for a while, but ultimately failed to catch, at least for me. This movie has no real relationship with Ring Wagner's cycle as I already knew but some might not. Wagner adapted to a 13th. Niebelungenlied to his own goals. Part I of Fritz Lang's season - "Siegfried" - there are many who will be accustomed to listening to Wagner however. <br /> <br /> "Kriemhild's Revenge" is the story of Siegfried's wife Kriemhild, his wedding at King Etzel's (Attila) Hun, and his desire for revenge against Hagen and Gunther, the Nibelungs rechristened, for the murder of Siegfried. The spectacular spectacular of this film obviously evolved and expanded into the mythos of Wagnerian in his Götterdämmerung, his Twilight of the gods, and the end of Valhalla. This movie remains Earthbound. Most of the movie is spectacular. The massive lying rival is that of "Cabiria" (1914), which inspired the "Intolerance" Griffith (1916). Decorations are a new reference to beautiful barbarism. There is a great cast, Scarred Hang, Mangy and Burgundians Art Deco. And fight. Battle that never seems to end in reality. <br /> <br /> Kriemhild is very successful in his plan for revenge. He managed to destroy all around him. His loyalty to Siegfried Martyred looks like a lot of love, or devotion, but something close to psychosis. Lady Macbeth calls, "Unsex me here." He knew he was emotionally prepared for what he needed to do. But Kriemhild shows no human emotions normal, and certainly no one is equal to the feminine principle. It is already "full of cruelty", lending Shakespeare's sentence, from the start. Margarethe Schön and her director transmit this with a fluffy. I do not want to exaggerate, but what glaciers are usually the only expression ever in the Kriemhild "animated" figure. It's the ultimate in one-note performance. It is clearly intentional however, not simply a case of poor acting. <br /> <br /> What we have then on offer is a one-dimensional draw of an avenging anger. Some may see Kriemhild as a heroine of power. I just saw the movie as misogynistic.
