In some ways, the wrath of Kriemhild over Siegfried's death, but it also lost some of this film's scope. The plot of this one is more cohesive than the first, which is quite amazing. The second half of the current poem is a lot sloppier and a lot harder to break, until, that's, you get the climactic battle scene; Only the Iliad is better. Languages ​​and Harbor decorate the Huns. The loss-making of the Nibelungenlied did not know a Hun from his right ball, and as a result, more or less, the same as the burgundians of customs. For example, although the poet clearly describes Ethel as a nation (which is Kriemhild's primary concern as Rudiger is trying to persuade her to marry her), when she becomes Hunland, the first thing she's going to mass. The Huns here are clearly Heathens; they are almost like caveman. The presentation is hilarious, especially verbal, jester, which has two wonderful scenes. Etzel's character gave more weight. It is more horrible. All he does is mourn his fate in the original poem. Language and Harbor are mastery of building suspension, especially at the scene performed, which is off with second verbal performance in an amazing effect. However, as is the nature of half of the poem, the amazing films of the techniques are missing in this one, for the most part, except for a dazzling sequence where Etzel's Hall burns down and inside the Nibelungs. The one thing I do have the object is the Harbor way to change the finish. SPOILERS: in the poem, following Hildebrand capturing Hagen and Gunther, are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell, asking him to reveal where he had hidden the Horde. She refuses and herself decapitates her brother. When Hagen always refuses, he decapitates him. Hildebrand (or perhaps Dietrich) is so disgusting that a woman should suppose a great warrior killed him, in turn, decapitating him, calling him a "Devil Woman". Etzel, who is weaker in the poem than is here, says something unusual as: "Ah me!" I can understand why they want to keep a unit of time and place as Hildebrand brings them out of the castle; to maintain the prison conditions from the deaths of the film many antimicrobials. I understand why they did not have Hildebrand killed Kriemhild: its character is greatly reduced here; Her name is only mentioned once. But for Kriemhild to kill himself, adopting the Brynhild's death from the Icelandic sources, is just catering to the audience instead of challenging them. The point of the poem is that Kriemhild's anger goes beyond it should enter into the badest pure domain. Here, we simply have to die for love losing it. It's not that interesting.
