Please also see my comments on Die Nibelungen part 1: Siegfried. The second part of the gigantuan production UFA studio in the legendary Nibelungen continues in the stylized, symphonic and emotional style detached from its predecessor. However, whereas a party was a passionate image of individual acts of heroism, the two parts are a chaotic pattern in the blood on a grand scale. As part of one, Fritz Lang director holds a continuous dynamic rhythm, and the pace of the action and complexity of the injection rising composition and fall smoothly as the tone of each stage quest. These photos should only look and score-perfect Gottfried Huppertz's notes, which are fortunately on the DVD movie. Now with this focus on mass actions, the languages ​​are presented with the biggest challenge of staging. Sequence of the actions of its earlier features was often seriously constructed, but now it simply makes them part of that rhythmic flow, and the level of activity on the screen swells like an orchestra. But even as part of a single one we have witnessed Siegfried's absinthe matter-of-fact and without excitement, the part of wars as devastating tragedy. In both photos, there is a deliberate shortage of emotional connections with their characters. That's why language mostly keeps the camera out of action, never lets us feel as though we are (and this is significant because involving the audience is usually a distinction in working the language). This is also why performance is unnaturally theater, and the lurching actors around such as sleepwalkers are constructed. But Kriemhild's revenge is still faced with emotions, and is in fact very deeply humanistic. The single moment of naturalism is when Atilla holds his baby's baby for the first time, and Languages ​​actually emphasize the tenderness of this scene by building up to it with the wild, frantic hunter's ride. The point is Language never manipulated us in taking place, and in which respect this version is more in common with the original legend than the Wagner opera. Slabik killing is very compulsive in a rousing battle scene. Why then did Hitler and co. Get so teary-eyed about it, a fact that was unfairly securing the reputation of these films? Because the unreliable racial ideals of the Nazis have made them automatically see the Nibelungs as good guys, even if they kill their babies and betray their own kin. For Hitler, the falls would always be a nationalist tragedy, not someone. <br /> But for our non-Nazi viewers, what makes this picture enjoyable is its beautiful sense of pittance and music rhythm. When you see these fully-developed silent pictures of the language, it makes you realize how much she was wasted in Hollywood. Rather than saddling him with low-budget potboilers, they should have put him to work on a few of these eras and sandals, pictures that do not have to be credible and do not have to move us emotionally , where it's the poetic, peculiar tonality that sweeps us together.
