Canto 1: How Kriemhild Mourns About Siegfried and How King Attila Woos Through His Ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlarn: Kriemhild (Margarete Schön) insisted she had the head of the killer of her beloved husband, Hagen Tronje (Hans Adalbert Schlettow ), but his brother, King Gunther (Theodor Loos), denied his request. When King Attila of Huns Woo Kriemhild at his ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlar, he made his promise to swear in his king's name that nobody would ever offend him. Hagen Hide hides Nibelungen treasures under a lake. Kanto 2: How Kriemhild Takes It Out From His Country and How It Was Received by King Attila: Kriemhild brings some land from where Siegfried died, and traveled to the Huns court, where he was welcomed by Attila himself, who who also swears to swear it. <br /> <br /> Canto 3: How King Attila besieged Rome and how Kriemhild called my brothers: When Kriemhild rescued a baby baby, Attila returned to his domain and asked Kriemhild what he would love most to please it. He asked her to invite his brothers to come to the kingdom. Kanto 4: How Kriemhild Receives His Brothers: Kriemhild insists on heading Hagen Tronje, but his brothers keep loyalty to their friends and yet do not accept his request. <br /> Kanto 5: How the Huns Celebrate Solstice in Summer With The Nibelungen: Kriemhild asks Attila to kill Hagen Troubled, but he refuses in accordance with the laws of the wilderness, a guest considered sacred. Kriemhild offers Gold for Hums to Hagen Troupe. There is a fight, with Hagen Tronje killed Attila's son. <br /> <br /> Canto 6: The Nibelungen Abstraction: Huns are fighting against the Nibelungen, but keep them under siege inside the Attila Castle. Kriemhild promises to settle their lives by harassing Hagen Tronje, but Gunther's brothers say that German people are loyal to their friends. <br /> <br /> Canto 7: End of the Nibelungen: After the death of Rüdiger von Bechlarn, Giselher and Gernot, Hagen Tronje and Guhther were finally captured. Kriemhild kills Hagen Trauma, who finishes the revenge and destruction of the Nibelungen. Conclusions of the poetic legend of Siegfried of "Kriemhild's Revenge" also said in seven dramatic cantos. The nature of the first part is a beautiful story of fantasy, adventure, romance and betrayal; The second part is a dramatic story of hatred, reverence, and loyalty. The scenario scene with a perfect development of the characters, the excellent performances of the cast and the awesome direction of Fritz Lang produce another season ahead of time. Margarete Schön is impressive with a woman different woman, obsessed with the supreme desire of her revenge. Kriemhild's costumes are also very impressive, and acting based on his face and look. I was a little disappointed with the reaction of Attila after the death of her son, since I found her too passive. My vote is eight. <br /> Titles (Brazil): "Os Nibelungos? Part II: A Vingança de Kriemshild" ("Nibelungen Part II: Kriemhild's Revenge")
