A horrendous story of hilarious and striking people in envy and infidelity surrounding a bearded wedding, pioneering the Russian Wladyslaw Starewicz animation "Mest kinematograficheskogo operator" ("Revenge of the cameraman," or "The Revenge of a Kinematograph Cameraman") is a pleasure in early animation, romantic and highly effective stop-movement puppet and no lack of imagination. and Mrs. Beetle has a completely overdue marriage, and both are eager for more excitement in life. Mr. Beetle's desires can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer of the "Gay Dragonfly" night club, whom he visits every time he takes a "business trip" to the city. He is the only one who understands him. A fellow admirer of this dancer, an aggressive greenhouse, is jealous that Mr. Beetle has stolen his lady and, as fate would have it, it is also a movie cameraman. Grasshopper depression follows Mr. Beetle and his friend in a hotel room, where he films the explosions in the hole. Meanwhile, Ms. Beetle was, as well, acquired a friend to add excitement to her life. He is an artist, and he brings a painting for a present, before they both stay on the couch for some intimacy. At the moment, however, Mr Beetle returned home and witnessed the whole spectacle. As Mr. Beetle bashes at the front door, friends clambers climb up the chimney, but it does not escape without Mr. Beetle's first ventilation and frustration. <br /> There is a certain irony in the statement following: "Mr. Beetle is generous. He forgives his wife and takes it to a movie." He is generous enough to forgive him, and yet he was equally scam just minutes earlier. At this point in time, however, we still do not forget the jealous movie cameraman who has drawn her revenge, and it does not surprise when it turns out to be the projectionist for the movie Mrs. and Mrs. Beetle are gone. Suddenly off of the film to enjoy is the foot of Mr. Beetle's imbalances, and the mad wife hit him across the head with an umbrella, before crumpled and angry husband plunged into the theater screen in search of the grasshopper. > <br /> In the final scene, both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, now a bit more appreciated by each other, will serve time in prison for the fire that broke when Mr Beetle sought his final revenge. We do, indeed, hope that "the home life of the beetle will be less interesting in the future ??" This film may seem like a story only in spending-and-going to a miniscule insect species, but Starewicz communicates much more than that. This is not a story about beetles ?? It's a story about us. And it is exactly accurate, is not it ?!
