Mary Pickford often stated that Tess Skinner was her favorite movie role. Well said! He played the part twice and for the version that he himself produced, he not only had to buy rights from Adolph Zukor but even gave him credit on the main card titles. Needless to say, paint it in this role here. Indeed, in my opinion, the movie itself rates as one ever experienced in silent movies. <br /> <br /> True, director John S. Robertson does not move his camera an inch from start to finish, but Robertson's abusive skill affects this not only does not matter, but is probably more effective. A creative artist in the first rank, Robertson is a master of pace, camera angle and mounting. He also traced brilliant natural performance to all his players. Jean Hersholt who is heavy-handed is so arrogant to repel, it's hard to believe this is the male as sweet Christian Dr.; while Lloyd Hughes takes one of the best works to act in his entire career. True, it's probably not Mrs White's intention, but it serves to draw admirably, as otherwise we would have difficulty explaining why the drug has spent a fortune on defense but does not make the slightest attempt to ascertain that actually fired the gun who killed his future! Needless to say, this particular quality of the likable hero is downplayed by Jack Ging in the bowdlerized 1960 version which also totally deletes the digging attack on the smug, middle class class. Note how the well-washed priest here moves a speed or two of the surprise of the interruption, but then does not make any attempts whatever to help our little little heroine in the performance of his work he has allegedly ordered to administer. This is a very moving scene because it is so real to present. <br /> "Tess" also provides an insight into the work of another fine actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was entirely imprisoned in silent movies. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote her life completely to her husband and two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but he lived until 1976, easily contacted by Pasadena, but I bet no-one had the brains in his interview. Another opportunity to lose! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson has only made a middling impression as Skinner. I thought it was a little miscast and a short glance in his filmography proved this: It usually played priest or judge! But David Torrence has always been superb. <br /> In all, an expensive and beautiful production photography and wonderful production value.
