If this was the original version 1914 in TESS in the STORM country (also starring Mary Pickford), I probably would have rated it a lot higher, as this sort of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was very typical of the youth. However, by 1922, this film has already begun to show its age. And, compared to many of Mrs. Pickford's films (such as DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, I BEST and SUDS), TESS comes a short tad - and not all of Pickford's films deserve a 10 (though it was "Ami America" ). Now this is not to say that it's a bad movie - it certainly is not true. But I just can not see how much they gave this movie a 10. <br /> <br /> The movie has a very long and complicated film - especially because most of the epoch's movie was shorter. Crane old old build a castle at the top of a hill next to the river. At the bottom of the hill are some dirty scater who she hates, but whom she can not evict. So it tries to come up with a variety of ways to find them on the land. One end up in tragedy, when her daughter's fiancée dies in a defensive and skinny way. The man accused of murder is the love of Mary's old father, though he is innocent. To make things worse, the only witnesses of the real murder will not talk AND the deceased became pregnant pregnant! So at this point, we have an innocent man in prison waiting to be executed with a pregnant woman afraid to tell his father testimony that he is "in the family line". There's a ton of more in the movie, as the crank boy falls in love with Mary, but it's best to just see the movie for yourself. <br /> <br /> The movie excels in some ways. The plot, while very complicated, is also rather interesting and the cinematography is top-notch. The very final scene is also pretty nice. However, there is so much sentimentality that you can practically cut it with a knife. Mary is so good and so sweet and so plucky, at times the viewer might find it all a bit hard to take. While it worked great in 1922 (making it the largest star in the world), today it is very dating. This is not true in all its films, but this one certainly is. <br /> <br /> By the way, the entertainment entertainment DVD is of decent quality, though a few scenes are seriously degraded - something not very surprising considering the age of the movie. Also, the extras are only included in a short film.
