Uneducated & challenging, beautiful TESS in the country of STORM is the daughter of a sailor who accompanies the rich country. Spirited & bold, it captures the heart of the millionaire's son, but the violence, horrors and sudden deaths will hound his immediate future before he can claim the sweet peace of happiness. <br /> Mary Pickford is quite good at this splendid, heart-wrenching movie. He considered Tess to be his favorite role and fulfilled it with the happy spunky and enthusiasm that made him for the world's most famous film star. The story contains all the essential elements for a modern fairy tale, with beautiful Mary, the heroine distressed by all sorts of dangerous situations, stress. Atmospheres are first-rate, and the outdoor fishing village was particularly well-designed. At the disposal of support, Jean Hersholt stands out as cruel villain who tries to force Pickford to marry her. Hersholt, a very sweet soul on screen, manages brilliantly to show its complete character's corruption. <br /> <br /> This was actually the second time Pickford filmed TESS. A version of 1914 was one of its first films, but its production value was somewhat antique by the standards of the 1920s (no pre-ups, for example) and Mary, producing its own film & powerful enough by 1922 to do whatever he wanted, decided for the only time in his career to notice a movie. The end result certainly survived its expectations. Both films were very popular at the box office. A fascinating study for some future film researchers should be the influence of Christianity in Mary Pickford's life; It certainly runs as a golden thread in the silent movies it produces. Although romanticism inherent in the very nature of silent movies can cause these spiritual feelings to appear somewhat awkward today, we have to accept them as sincere reflections, not their many repetitions, in Mary's heartfelt belief. In TESS, a pretty particular scene stands out from this regard: Pickford is teaching himself to using a Bible. She indicates Lloyd Hughes (who plays her sweetheart) a word from the back of the book that she does not understand. He mimic it for her (the word is obviously "crossed"), and eyes turn the sky as the full meaning of the sacrifice is done, Mary's face becomes positively beatiful. <br /> A splendid new orchestral score for TESS has been supplied by Jeffrey Mark Silverman who perfectly insists on the beauty & pathos of this wonderful movie.
