Madhur Bhandarkar directed this film to expose the form of the rich and famous while also giving a follow-up to journalist integrity today. <br /> <br /> Celebrities party endlessly, they love to be seen in these parts, and get due to the media exposure. In fact, the film would have us believe that this exhibit made celebrities from socialites and the newspapers have a great hand in this. IMO has many synergy between celebrities and media and it's a "I need you, you need me" kind of relationship. However, the media needs more celebrities and not vice versa. Anyway, in this milestone in constant feuds is cast the social column (page 3 of the newspaper) reporter Konkana Sen Sharma. It has shown that this celebrity maker, very popular in social gatherings. He has a good friend of the gay Abhijeet and Rohit's model of difficulty (Bikram Saluja). It's room with an air-to-door ?? Pearl sassy (Sandhya Mridul), with a difficulty actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani and a firebrand fire beat reporter played by Atul Kulkarni. The film has almost too many treatments and characters but does work at a certain level. Rich people are shown to be rotten in the core for the most part, the movie show shows to be slaughtered at the max and filed couch scenarios, exploitation of power, hunger for media exposure. Throughout this is the coherence of homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that does not have much to do with the story or draw, using rampant drugs, pedophiles, police "to meet" their deaths. In light of all this desire the Pearl has a wealthy rich man, a social daughter is livelier in a sexual encounter in a car, the bitching women, all seem sick to bathe. The film is absolutely excellent acting by Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role ?? a pity of my opinion. But the support throw is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). This is what saves the movie for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites much more than he can grind or work on celluloid and turns the film into a free pouch. I wish he was focusing on one or two aspects of society's disorders and exploring them more effectively. It devotes to exploiting society again exploiting all the masala ingredients needed for a movie to be successful. We have an article number in the framework of a Bollywood theme party, kids drugs out to dance a perfectly dazzled choreography to a Western beat. I hope that the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar will burn even more into Indian Hindu films. The film is a brave (albeit flawed) effort, certainly worth a look.
