Page 3 is one of the Madhur Bhandarkar films to expose social sorrow. The film is compelling, but, like most of Bhandarkar's films, it is one-sided and overly pessimistic. This film is full of journalist journalists, gossip, celebrities. The movie expose the lives of socialism, whose shape is unmistakably vendor, peculiar and stacked. They went off and cared for anything but their fame, they planned the funeral parts, they are eager for more money and a higher reputation, they will do anything they get due to media exposure to get their names boldly print on the daily newspaper column column known as "Page 3" and great pictures that will be the center of human discussion. They are careful, salacious and hypocrites. The film industry is shown as sleazy, and couch casting being a common phenomenon among filmmakers. That's where our lovely heroine, a young social columnist Madhvi Sharma, is cast. All of these Mumbai's elites depend on its articles and it is the right person to treat friends of these parts if you want to read it in its articles. Later in the movie we learn that even those Madhvi friends are no different from those high-society people. This was hard to look for me, although the movie is independent brave and the issues it deals with and are interesting. <br /> <br /> The music film is average. The only tragic songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", singing songs by the two queens mixed Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, respectively. Otherwise the band is bad. A particularly horrendous song is "filmy many filmy". The movie movie is quite good. The second half is better than the first, as it turns more matter-of-fact and expands more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. This is where the film should be applauded. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore these crimes from fear and deception of the character Konkona Sen Sharma was very easy to relate to. It was excellent throughout the film and acting in the last stage was particularly impressive. The Kulkarni's Atul Party was very small but it was fairly full of it. Irani Boman is solid as the editor of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul is adorable as the Pearl sassy roommate Madhvi who marries an older man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The film's end is really well done, and gives a certain soup of relief after the unimaginably difficult procedures. Page 3 is a good movie, interesting and at times moving, but its interest levels and its overall quality are salined by exaggerated, too dirty and negative paints of the rich and popular.
