Now all children and adolescents in Springwood, Ohio, are all dead hopes for a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) is still alive. Freddy (Robert Englund) will let him go with the teenager to have a lot of memory, when he arrived in a new city. When a hard female psychologist (Lisa Zane) tries to break even if the new patient. He found out where he came from. He brings Springwood to be surprised by some three youngsters (Lezlie Deane, Breckin Meyer and Ricky Dean Logan), who unexpectedly came for the ride. Once they reach Springwood, the psychologist has some memories that he lives in this city before being a child. While Freddy knows the true secret of her true identity. Led by Rachel Talalay (Ghost of the Machine, Girl Tanks) made a phenomenon but somewhat oddly different with some visual style and funny moments for this horror / fantasy / thriller. Yaphet Kotto (alien) has a support role as an Expert on Cycologist on Dreams. This has some effective ingenious visuals (Not everyone will love the climax, especially in 3-D) and some good style in its storytelling. This made out gross on some movie series in the box office. <br /> <br /> DVD has a large anamorphic transmission (1.85: 1) transferred (also in Pan & Scan) and a strong-Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. DVD has the original theater theater, Go to a nightmare viewpoint with information and equipment crew. The "Elm Street" Series Box Set, the eighth disc has interviews with the cast & crew of this sixth film. The sixth film is also in 3-D for the highest point of the movie but you can watch it in 2-D too. This is the latest in the movie "Elm Street" until Wes Craven resumes Freddy in a different, darker style of "New Nightmare" and the comic but amazing entertainment turn-off movie horror "Freddy vs Jason". Look for Robert Shaye (co-owner and co-CEO of "New Cinema Lines"), Roseanne Barr, Tom Arnold, Johnny Depp and Alice Cooper in amusing fun. Written by Michael De Luca (John Carpenter in the mouth of Madness). From a story by the director. (*** ½ / *****).
