After reading other reviews and comments, I felt I had to beat that movie. <br /> <br /> Roeg movies tend to do a little bit with each other, and expect this one to be like one of your loved ones is probably off the mark. <br /> What is this movie is a thoughtful and similar look of religious faith. The only other movie like it-in terms of its religious message-should be to the Tolkin's `faithful '. '<br /> I wonder that anyone can say that the story is trapped or supernatural. It is a simple film about Catholic faith, miracles, and redemption - even if you would never guess it until the end. It is also the only movie I can think of with turning resolution, literally, about a pun. <br /> As a (happily) Catholic myself, I know what the movie is about, and I find a romantic sort of innocence its final on the relationship between God and man. But if you are not familiar with the type of theology based on the movie based, then it will be right on yourself. As a movie-as opposed to a story-`is not ground-breaking. While the 'rapture' is heavy and meaningful image and imagery imagery, `Cold Sky 'downplays its own Cinematic kind. There is no hit shot, no noble effect, no attempt to fit the content in the form. It is shooting workers, but submitting it. Nor has it dialogue or act to put it into a class of drama high. It's a simple story that simply unfolds. It may seem odd; but in the end the mystery is revealed. It looks like ambiguous; but with a single ambiguity line disappears in a strain of Catholic dogma. In that sense, the 'Cold Sky' is in its heart exactly the same thing as driving a movie such as the 'Spicy,' or 'The Sense of the Sense,' or 'Final Descent,' or the Polanski `A Pure Formal '. All of these are films and a trick up their sleeves. They can frustrate you along the way, but they have a point - an obvious one, indeed - but the fun is, at least in part, being taken off. Still, even though it seems like little more than a shaggy dog ​​story and a punch line, it is worth looking for his directive and misdirects. Try it-especially if you are, or ever, a Catholic.
