While visiting Romania and his CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin), quite a talented high talent talent has seen how the savior leading his team finally to a victory over Simpson rivals, is said by a palm-reader would-be ( In Romania, people do not have much livelihood, so he took his palm) that he would be bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, make no appointment .. you will be busy."). Well, who would have been bound. That's why bite reality and his life should forever change. After his father unfortunately died in a bad mood in his bomb shelter (!) Under odd circumstances (shot of his werewolf son inside a metallic bomb shelter is not a very good idea, especially if the bullet does not leave the room and bounces around like a pinball go berserk), Tony travels to the country in endless years, until he tired of packing, and returning decades (and many US presidents) later to hopefully lead his football team into a win on Simpson..a work abandoned long ago. What was once a white, clean-cut high school has changed indeed into a ghetto of drug use, violence, and pervertion. To get an idea of ​​what the full 80 high school high school looks like, think 54 and adolescents .. <br /> <br /> Larry Cohen's logic of werewolf flicks, among other things, is stacked full of gags, homage, and in-jail. My favorite sequences are one of the sex-ed classrooms where Tony reveals in the 80's his werewolves transformation and the introduction stage of Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the movie when Kenneth Mars is not on screen) , probably perhaps the worst psychiatrist on Earth. His task is to talk down a rider led to two people falling into a balcony .. The rider with a fireman (trying first, to speak it out of it), both angry fuming in Brand! Mark even tried to get Tony to sign a wave that his body gave in science so he could find his wife a fur coat! Kenneth Mars made me roll in the floor as a homosexual soccer coach (and later in the 80's as the principal) who likes not his players on the rear .. scene where Tony's dismissal of the truth of class The sex-ed is classic. This film is packed with inspired inspirational choices .. Managing litter with funny characters and interpretations are thrown .. like Ed McMahon as a very conservative blowhard military who actually looks identical to Joseph McCathy standing next to his photo in the bomb shelter (.. still talking on comet), Joanne Nail as Ricky's eyebrow eyes at the present fall of the werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (a Blue Patch) as a muffled, nerdy sexually molested (.. and molesth) teacher who finds an attraction towards Tony, James Dixon as a deputy (his big scene had him stealing a line from his police chief who recited it to Dr. Brand who started the words in his head for memorization), Roz Kelly as Jane, a Independent girl dedicated Tony for only herself constantly asking her to ravish her, and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, long time Paul and now the police chief who was just Jane after her friend left the city. Remember JM J Bullock as he remembers Flynn's winner trying to fit into the school hoping to find a dame and hilarious outcome. <br /> I love how the movie pays homage to the werewolf genre as it's about the spell .. it's often referred to as the Jack NIPP papers because he likes to bite his victim on the cheek .. and I'm not talking face. He has seen more as an endangerment. Hommage for Carrie and Psycho are beautiful, and violin shtick is also fun. Cohen launches many zingers of the viewer, eventually one has wood. Obviously in a comedy like this, not every joke hits it in brands, but many do. Throw to do this refreshing. The film looks cheap on the Cohen Larry's typical budget. Notice the 50th scene where obviously old cast members would show up the road to bring brilliant spells. Adam's love of the lead .. it is the perfect papers for the gag who follow it with the angels he allowed to fly from the Cohen script. The movie moves quickly, rarely taking a breath. I loved this horror comedy more than it seems.
