I'm not joking about this summary and voting! The video distributors have packed this as just another typical '80s movie werewolf, but it is in fact the greatest parody of the horror genre that you can imagine, he did for the horror movie that "brilliant saddles" made for the west. I have seen many comedies - good, bad, stupid, weird, etc. (usually walk away impressed), and I think that the comedians must be the harder genre of filmmakers and actors to work in - it takes just the right kind of touch Successful things, and a part of that good idea. "Full Moon High" is fluffy and good idea - much, in fact, that it can easily put the Zucker / Abrams team into "plane" and "naked gun" shame. One of the best of these is the very presence of Ed McMahon in a role as a John Birch-style right-crack wing. The jokes, non-split, wisecracks and word-games are literally non-stop and everything, including the kitchen shed, which has been thrown in. The ironic tone is very similar to that of "Back to the Future. " I was almost dead at the street, and this is one of those movies that never know what kind of crazy situation will sweep next. Since B-film extraordinary Larry Cohen did not make a straightforward comedy before, one gets the sense that he's made up for the time to include any jokes he or his collaborators could think of. If Mel Brooks did this, the critics might mark it a comedy, but because it was made by Cohen, he was dismissed as Schlock. Critical review called this movie is also "funny." SILLY? What is a comedy supposed to be - serious? Anyway, I laugh much more for this movie than any other I can think of. Cohen makes fun of everyone - himself included, and many references to his usual brand of leaked film-making; He and the actors must have had a complete explosion to do so. The humor is very Mel Brooks-ich, and anyone who loves Yiddish Imagery or watches a lot of B movies (especially horror) will love this. Believe me: The film is not too difficult to find, and as long as you accept it for what it is - a coaster of street laughter with no pretense of social value also - then you will really enjoy it! ! A sideways: This movie should somehow go down into history as one thing Bob Saget all the time in (albeit briefly) that was actually funny.
