I do not know why people except a lot of independent movie films but I enjoyed this one as I'm a fan of urban horror. There are not so many urban horror movies out there so when I saw this one on the shelf, just titled by myself some my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and I was surprised ... it's not too often you run into a self-filmed independent movie with GREAT acting and a good story. Is it budget low? yes. Can you say it low budget? Yes ... but once you start watching the movie you become so wrapped up in the story that it does not matter. I love hip hop music and the band is beautiful! I do not know what's up with all those bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "worst movie ever". Do these idols see each film out there? There are thousands of movies out there, how can you categorize one as the "worst" ever? A video that does not "film" like "zombiez" can be the worst movie I've ever seen but I can not say it's the worst movie ever since I have not seen every movie out there. Under the lines of those who gave this bad movie review are probably in the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like minority-based, urban films, the ghetto films, hip hop, etc. then watch the type of music ... !!! know that you do not like this kind of thing? Sure, this is a horror movie but it's not just a horror film but it's a URBAN movie movie with a multi-cultural cast based. I do not like TV shows like Creek Dawson or O.C. They scramble me. Films such as "State Garden", "Wedding Crashers" and "My Heart Hook" suck me. I'm a guy from New Jersey and these shows and movies suck me. Why? Because I can not relate to them. They do not interest me. Just common sense. Believe me, I will never look GARDEN STATE 2: SALAD GARDEN, Christian Wedding 2: Here's a late turtle or ever since the first aspire so bad and I cry heart. Now, back in this movie, considering the saint405 comment above, I do not know if this guy smoked crack or was hit "stupid" by his drunken dad before he watched the movie in my hand, everyone did a great job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a pretty good job. I am an aspiring actor myself taking my theater at my school and I made a play where I was crying and it's not easy to be emotional in a scene to give proprietary actors who have made an emotional scene and can pull it cut. Anywho, I loved this movie and never heard of the actors and the previous directors, but you bet I'm going to look out for things right now and if they're reading this, BRING on the circle !! ! I'm out. Jerelee Representatives'!
