Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come out to play and even the boys in Hood Hood can not stop them. This low-budget, direct-to-video production looks timed to coincide with the release of the Dead Sea, the latest installment of the renowned George A. Romero series Zombie. Stage ghetto and hip-hop soundtrack can provide more calls for inside-the-city mines. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research facility while raising his kid's fee, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, bored by macaroni-and-cheese dinner at home appliances, would rather spend time hanging with friends Marco and Kev's friends. Apparently, there is not much for African-American High School high schools to do on this side of the Bay except contractual and hefty drug deals, including rival Latino rival shepherds. Ricky plans to sell home late parents and move inside Castro Valley, a safer and precise environment. Unfortunately, before that happens, a drive-by-shoot Jermaine leaves on the porch. Mourning Ricky tries a desperate scheme. He tells Scotty, his laboratory assistant, to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration formula tested on rats. When a double dose fails to revive Jermaine, there is no choice except to call 911. But a funny thing happens on the way to the morgue. The boy is resuscitated as a sputtering, zombie grinp, ambulance driver and staggers in the night, bent on revenge and hunger for fresh meat. The food craze infects more victims, and before the night on the East Bay is a battlefield between the living and the blood-hacking eagle. The horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap movie makers, from Ed Wood Herschel to Gordon Lewis Charles Band. But low budget does not necessarily mean bad films. Consider Val Lewton's programmers (Cat People, Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Roger Corman's Rapid Poe, Romero's Night of the Living Living and Halloween Carpenter. The difference between memorable and terrible has more to do with talent and ambition than money. Hood of the living dead is more than hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of the highest prices in recent years. Cheap has its charm. In movies actually cheap actors wear their own clothes in real-world environment. Here the home appliances have freshly painted walls in marble tones, borrowing as oppressive as Douglas Sirk's melodramas melodrama in the '50s. The lines seem more impressed than scripted. "So what hell we are going to do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for any F N 'thing that looks like the ordinary." Ricky and Scotty call the boss, who called a former military man named Romero. "I have a big bitch a problem that we must take care of quickly." "Not a problem," says the merc, closes his phone and grabs his gun. Everyone has weapons, and even when the zombie battles are on their cell phones, like those who are not nowadays? Information is exchanged with excessive naturalist. "What happened?" "We went into it with some ants mother." "Already F N 'vu ... It's that zombie park again ...." Ricky even had to blow his girlfriend to earn, saying only, "She got out of hand." Unlike most zombie movies, this one provides a motive for destruction. Jermaine takes revenge on the invading gang who shot him, who in turn continues to roar. This film-making city is its own social outlook, a near-guerilla production suggests a future for low-budget horrors that reflect real-life instead of supernatural clichés. The Quiroz brothers, who have brandmarked their names as part of an anticipation of a new movement, may inspire others to tell stories that happen to personal experience rather than imitate tired Hollywood products. Considering limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheap, but technically acceptable, characteristic of people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson gets the job done, music by Eduardo Quiroz is not simpler than the animated Carpenter Halloween theme, and hip-hop songs by the Darkroom Familia and others add atmosphere. The result is promise if it's not exactly exhilarating. They are learning their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who never got any better, the next one can look at them.
