There were "race" photos almost from the start of the movie business. Films that start almost entirely black are made by Poverty Rows (often not owned by Caucasians) for theatrical theater. With the growing urbanity of the 1970s, this idea was revived with a wave of "blaxploitation" photos made for houses grind town covering black actors and funky atmosphere on traditional B-cinema cinema. This trend even spreads in horror features, with titles like Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill serving up blaxploitation version of monster standard. And he did not die with the closure of most urban theaters? It just slowly reduces the age of the video, and continues to give direct-to-DVD budget releases like this one. Ed and Hood Jose Quiroz of the Living Dead, adopting the recent popularity of horror movies for the hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland trying to keep his little brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) out of trouble after the death of their parents. Following Jermaine shot by drug dealers in a drive-by, Ricky decided to use the experimental cell regenerative cell formula that was working on an attempt to save the teen's life. Apparently his effort is for nothing, and Jermaine's body takes away. However, the body never made it to the morgue ?? Jermaine is re-animated by the coroner wind as a meat-hungry zombie. He killed the drivers, then went after the gang that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he went. Having heard from Jermaine's friends Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the attack on the gangsters, Ricky feels that the only thing to do is take Jermaine and try to cover up everything before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo) was arrested for their destruction. However, they soon find that the contagion is spread too fast to control it. By keeping simple things, the Quiroz team managed to produce a fun little horror feature without overextending themselves at the point where things begin to look holes. Along the way, they also add to a few interesting bits of business. When first confronted with a zombie, Scott says Ricky, "Shoot it to the top of the movies!" ?? an effective as any way to discover how to kill zombies. An extra twist is added when the first shot does not kill the brain, adding to unpleasant visualizer. Another good point is that the band makes only limited use of sub-Eminem style rap, laying the standard "creepy" music at all.
