Most of the bad reviews on this website blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) it is a low-budget film and virtually no act; 2) it was so bad it made me laugh 3) it's something I could do myself. I will not even discuss the first point because it is a very subjective issue if you love low-budget and independent issues or not. I must say, however, that I still fail to understand people who rent such a movie as "Hood of the Living Dead" and then wondering when they realize it's not as polished and beautiful as a romantic comedy with Lindsay loan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. As for the second point, I really do not see what's wrong with laughing. I personally love laughing, and love movies that make me in, let's comedy or horror cops. When in "Hammerhead" I saw this girl draw in a puddle with the shark-man from her to eat it, I just cracked up. And I was grateful that the director did such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Honestly, laughs just make me feel good, while it seems that many who write reviews see it as a bad thing. If you only want to feel sad and afraid while watching a movie, "Hood of the Dead" and the low budget budgets are definitely not for you. But please do not come and tell us that you get ridiculous. We already know it. This is most likely why we decided to watch the movie in the first place. However, it is the third point that leaves totally baffled. Just several years ago, people were lined up from theaters to see "Blair Witch Project", which is a much more sophisticated, boring, draw-less and more-acting movie than the "Hood of the Living Dead" (and itself too seriously too). In addition, half a million people go on YouTube every day to see the short films of "Lonelygirl15", which is certainly something everyone has a nice girlfriend, a room with a webcam could do! Do not talk about all the same amateur videos you can get there. Why not blame those clips for bad actions and non-existing draws? I think it is one of the best things in our time that everyone, with affordable technology and a bunch of friends, can make their own movies and share them with similar interests. And I feel a certain admiration for those who spend their weekends and friends making a (yet refreshing) piece of garbage like this rather than shopping at the mall or playing video games alone. Leave aside your prejudice and your desires sound like a smart film criticism by attacking b-cinemas, and you'll see that "The Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much pleasure as it has made its musicians! If you have a refreshing, enjoyable home theater that has made movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "Ghosts of Edendale", "The Bloody Eye", "The Man Monster", "Do not Look at the Basement," "Movie in horror movie ever made, "" Zombie Rumor "," Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer "and" Abitus ".
