Eye of the maze is not your Giallo average ... and to be honest, I'm not really sure it's really a jealous; but Giallo or not, despite some problems, this is certainly a very interesting little movie. I hesitate to call it a jealous because the movie does not feature most of the things that make these movies; but enters the genre breaking the mold, and this would seem to be one of them. The film does not feature any brutal murder as much as the Giallo does, but this is made up of with a surreal atmosphere and a draw just about confusing enough to stay interesting for the duration. The plot seems simple enough in that it focuses on a doctor who is murdered by Julie, his patient who, for some reason, sees him as his lover and his father, he is offended when he goes out on it. We then moved to a large house lived in by a number of people, but nothing is really that it seems that there are a number of secrets surrounding the various events that happened prior to Julie's arrival ... Movie In seems to be professing something about how the idea is like a maze. This never really comes, and I prefer just sit down and enjoy what's going on rather than worrying about what point (if any) the movie tries to do. Eye of the maze is directed by Mario Caiano, the director behind the excellent night of condemned to a few years earlier. It does not create the atmosphere as well in this movie as it did in the earliest one; but the surreal aspects of the story come out well, and the mystery is still kept up that stop the movie from becoming boring. The movie stars Rosemary Dexter, which gives eye candy at all and also delivers a good performance. Most of the rest of the cast are not really worth mentioning, with the exceptions of Adolfo Celi, who is good as the villain of the piece and Alida Valli, who fans of kil will remember from a whole host of cops cops excellent. The movie explains itself to the end; which is likely as I'm sure I'm not the only viewer who was more than slightly confused by that time! In general, this is not a classic thing; but its good enough and worth seeing.
