This little movie is a languid and laid-back hut. It vevers away some of the clichés of the genre and adopt a lozer approach. It's about a woman looking for her missing lover; a psychiatrist who suddenly disappeared for any apparent reason. His research brought him to a villa populated by a group of unique people. In true genius style, murder is never far away. <br /> The throw is really rather good. We have Aldofo Celi (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Horst Frank (Cat o 'Nine Ke) and a very young Sybil Danning (queen Queen 80). The lead actress is Rosemary Dexter, and while I'm not familiar with it, she does a good job of leading the photo. <br /> One of the features defined in the sight of the labyrinth is its music. At least for a giallo it features a jazz-rock band fusion. This note, composed by Roberto Nicolosi, is reminiscent of Miles Davis, especially his work on a silent way. It's an excellent band and really gives this movie a different feel than most giant. The fusion foundation accentuates the languid atmosphere and compliments the sun, ocean-front scenery that the film is mostly made up of. This is a jealous one that we really need to talk about the murder of the pieces. Well, this movie fell a little short of this consideration. It certainly does not devoid of them but they are few and far between. Dreaming-murder dreams that were probably the best on offer as well as a memorable sequel to burning cars. But this really is not a particularly violent movie. Still, I do not think it should disappoint too many seasoned fans of the genre. The mystery is fairly compelling and has enough unique character (saro boy is stupid and unknowingly inappropriate to accent?) And moments of scarcely satisfy; while the sleaze-factor is comfortable with a smatter of nudity at all. <br /> <br /> Eyes in the labyrinth play as a giallo version of a mystery of Agatha Christie, as it presents a unsympathetic character group in a villa, all under suspicion of murder; We have the required flexibility to detail the connections and the final hours of the victim (very initiative). While not a class-A example of the genre, it certainly one appeal is different, as it does not lend too heavy from other films in the sub-genre. For my giant enthusiasts I give this a thumb and expect a day to give a nice DVD transfer. It certainly deserves treatment.
