I have not seen the original "Incredible Journey" since I was a kid, so I can not really compare the two versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat, whose owners leave with friends in the country when the father of the family must take a new job in San Francisco. Pets, they believe they have been abandoned, escaped and laid out on a long journey in the desert. <br /> <br /> This story could have been easier filmed as a cartoon, but both versions are in reality live-movie action made using real creatures. A great difference is that in the later version of the animals speak in human voices, giving each individual distinct personality, something that was not made in the original film. (A similar device in talking animals was used in other children's films such as "band stripes"). Some critics were rather sniffy about the use of this device, but my own look is that to give the animals different personalities of their own to help strengthen the movie rather than fail. The animals were voiced by the great names of stars, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> Both the male dogs, and the parallel relationships between many people in the buddy buddy. Shadow, a golden retriever, is wise, experienced by older dogs; Luckily one of the least is brains, cocky and impulsive. In British eyes likely to look like a boxer, but it is actually a American Bulldog, which is apparently different from its British cousin. The sassy cat is female with a rather primitive and inappropriate personality. She is very proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes it vastly superior to any dog ​​only. ("Cat rules, dog drool!"). In an adult film view there are a number of flaws; It may be sensational, some of the incidents (such as the one in which the animals managed to catapult a mountain lion in the river) are quite incredible, and human characters are all completely forgettable. This, however, is a movie that is mostly aimed at children, and I suspect they will enjoy it incredibly. Certainly, any animal who loves children will do so. (Not a few professional criticisms like James Berardinelli, who complained that the voice of the movie diminished the "greatness" of the movie, only served to strengthen my view that professional criticisms are not always the best guides in children's movies. I doubt if there are many recreational playground on "Homeward Bound" focuses on its assumptions). One adult thing is appreciated is the photography of Sierra Nevada California California. They can also appreciate the movie's mix of humor and excitement as rescue animals run to meet hazards like bear, lion and porcupines in the desert. This is a very enjoyable family movie. 7/10
