SPOILERS WITH THE BUDGET <br /> Domestic Bound: The Incredible Journey is an important movie in my life because it's the first movie I remember seeing in the movie theater in my home town as a 4 year old ensemble. The story is based on Sheila Burnford novel, and it is one of the reasons why it's not possible to write this one as a brainless Lassie script. The Basic History: Two dogs and one cat happily live in Seaver family when the new husband of the mother of three children, she gets a job in the city and has to temporarily move in the interior of San Francisco The animals are sent to a hive to live for a couple of months. The bonds between the animals and their children look out for them especially strong, and the retriever shadow of gold and sophisticated Himalayan cat are heartbroken as their children, though young and happy-go-lucky American bulldog are known as lucky is a little less concerned with a bit cynical (due to his voice-on statement explaining being abandoned as a pup, picked up in an animal shelter, and was purchased by the family), even though its growth as a characters during the story give a lot of the important stories. <br /> <br /> The three houses escape the hips and head off into the wide and dangerous desert (setting environment fantastic in the way), driving on the shadow instinct towards. They meet several hazards along the way, hoping to do it home, while the family and all the hips are suddenly concerned about the disappearance of the beast. There are funny moments all the way through, great dialogue between the three animals and hilarious lines (see - memorable quotes), and a touching touchman who grows between the main characters during the course of the storytelling, punctuated by moments of sadness (such as time Sassy's arrogance in trying to cross a river without getting wet causes it to fall into the river and get washed down a cascade, leaving a moment of loss that felt deeply by the viewers. , I fail to see what the inclusion of saving the lost girl in the desert added to the story and the journey to take. Somehow, it looks a little unnecessary as part of the story. <br /> <br /> Break to end up the higher stakes when shadow falls into a pit of a traineard and he's hurt his legs, finding it hard to get out and give up, exhausted, followed by lucky climb in with him to persuade him to climb out, telling him how important he is and how he pushed this far so he should not throw it all away easy. <br /> The way this scene (brilliantly done) does not conclude leaving an ambiguity that brings in to the final stage when luck and Sassy returns home, but shadow is nowhere to be seen. Then, as all seems to lose, it slowly appears, and it is assembled with the family. Conclusion of the luck at the end speaks of the comrade that has developed between him and his friends on the journey, with the realization of homes that really are out of his long journey to reach, leaving a fine eripot to demonstrate how many characters grew up, but also how the other two have as well. Hang on the second, I think I'll cry ... Of course I do not read Sheila Burnford's books, so I do not pretend to know where the difference between books and movie lies. But this is a movie that the whole family can look, and while the tots will love animals talking, older viewers will understand the line to draw better (as I've seen when I watched the movie again after several years without seeing it). This movie is a masterpiece of movies, and I suggest that if you did not see it you go out and get it! <br /> <br /> And please avoid the end (see my review for II Homeward!)
