This comment includes providers !! <br /> There are some actors who have a furniture. This kind of natural is an amalgamation of charisma, panache and swagger. It is the quality that can split good actors from really great. I think George Clooney has it and so Jack Nicholson. You can watch Clooney's subtle touch in scenes like his word-bye Andy Garcia at the 11 Ocean when they just pronounce each other's name disdainfully. "Terry." "Danny." You can choose any number of Jack's performances since far as Five Easy Cases of the Diner in a few Good Men and Chamber Room Interview rooms. These guys just have it. You can add Denzel Washington into the small and exclusive list of actors who hesitate to be very terrific of all that he does. If you look at some of her explosive bordlin diarrhea in his senior tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's movie of the same name, you can see that there is no scandal of a current actor working today. I do not mention all these insinuations that people on fire are perfect just because of Denzel's work, but it is definitely the cog of production. I was literally mesmerizing with some of his performances that are raw, emotional and incendiary all at the same time. <br /> <br /> Washington plays Christian an ancient spy or CIA agent or one of those government coworkers. He has pretty much hit rock bottom as he became disillusioned with the life he was ruling. He was killed and maybe doing things that were best left without odor and that made him a hardened man with bitterness. His friends and maybe advising, played very reserved by Christopher Walken, live in Mexico to make a very comfortable living by providing bodyguard for the rich. Apparently the kidnapping business in Mexico is so vibrant that these senior paid S.E.A.L.s and these can be done very well while offering a necessary service. Creasey needs the job and accepts a job and a good job to make families seem to be in some financial difficulties. Marc Anthony is as good as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is tantalizingly sexy as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning is just unbelievably and preciously brilliant as Pita. I do not know how a child in his age can have the series to play the characters that he does, but his interpretation of later is nothing short of Oscar worthy. The first half of all films depend on the relationship between Pita and Kreasy and if there was a weaker actress in the role, perhaps that emotional syndrome would not happen everywhere for succinctly. But Fanning is nothing short of remarkable in the role. It is the relationship between Pita and Kreasy who drives this movie to apex in movies. Together they are perfect and have a real bond between them. Tony Scott led a frenetic emergency and his eyes for visual rocket were never better. I'm interested to see how his next movie, Domino, turns out. I think Scott is one of today's featured director and has more movie like this one, his name will surely elevate icon status. The story contains Kreas really taking later, and vis-ca versa. There is a definite connection between the two and maybe it stems from the fact that although later loves his father, it is not around so much. He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family. Soon, Kreasy will take later in his swimming competition. She reads her sleep history and names her teddy bear "Kreasy". It's not just a friendship between them, it's more of a kinship, and a deep love parlor seems to be present. <br /> <br /> Movie of shift gears when later found abducted and held for ransom and Kreasy is almost murderous murders trying to protect it. This is where the story gets thick and innuendo with walls and deceives as the draw pieces get unraveled like an onion. And this is where Denzel becomes a journey of strength. As I said earlier, I saw Denzel giving some outstanding performances in films such as Crimson Tide and Day Training, but I never saw her like this. He is a man possessed with the possibility of later being killed, becoming a literal man in fire. He raged at him as he hunted down with his brand out of comeuppance. Denzel's anger and acerbity are ubiquitous and are not easy to quelled as it hunt down each person responsible for the violation of the pita. That's all vigilant justice as the Mexican authorities always seem to have one step behind. <br /> <br /> Also what is essential for this horror film is that there are some films that actually give the real criminals due. I've often been frustrated watching movies where the bad guys get out easy. They injure all kinds of torment for the entire movie and then take a bullet and die. But not in this movie. Writer Brian Helgeland sees that retribution here is inextricably and it is painful. Those who commit here are feeling the anger of Christ and are experiencing torment that unleashes. There is nothing gimmicky about her brand of justice. He needs information and someone loses a finger. He wants to answer with a homemade bomb set in place that they mean for other things. There are no punch pulls here and this is one of the true forces of the movie. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one the five best films in 2004. Now that it is out on DVD, my recommendation is to find the SE. It is packed with bonus features including about 6 hours of documentary and different comment tracks. 10/10
