When I remember seeing the forecasts for this film and not really thinking so much about it. It was almost one of those movies that when you saw the stunning, stunning, and then when it came out, you heard nothing and totally miss it, and your memory totally does not correct the missing error. Man on Fire was one of those movies. I was curious about a rental one time, and I decided to take it home with me, my prestigious location in my hand. I watched him and witnessed such a beautiful movie. It is like any other ... drama and action combine to create something amazingly spectacular. The cinema was made by Tony Scott very well done and unique, unlike another movie. Subtitles can explain something without even listening to the current voice, and the music is very intriguing for the environment. I got into this movie, and ended up buying it as soon as I could scurry out of the house and head over Best Buy. I watched him several times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does an amazing job and gets this lost-minded former special forces who have no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) puts life back to him with his eternal love for him right from the start. They bail and become good friends, until it is kidnapped by notorious gangsters part of the fraternity, La Hermandad. Kreasy (Denzel) tells F Dakota's mother that she will hunt down the killers, fear that Pita is dead. This is where Kreasy really shows people whom he can become. He uses his contact in later kidnapping and the Kreasy hospital's hospital to get one of the guys and start his pursuit. His favorite line at all, is in this movie, when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "A man is a work of art, in anything that he does .... cooking, regardless of. The Kreasy artist is death ... it's about to paint its prince. "She plays a very unique scroll of old Kreasy's partners and friends. After finally chasing the brother of the "Voice," leader of La Hermandad. Kreasy holds a meeting in Pita trading for himself and the voice voice. In the end, Kreasy dies from being fired earlier, with his injuries getting infected with massive blood loss. It's a very sincere and sad finish, but a great one. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone who is looking for a memorable movie flick. The story is in depth, everything is explained from beginning to end, and nothing is corny at all in any way or manner.
