-Catnappings in Mexico are common as honeys give me the phone numbers so if you are wealthy then you will need a good guard to keep you and your kids safe. A couple hired a corpse to wash up calling Kreasy to protect their adorable kid later. At first, their relationship is a tug buggy but after a while, Creasy facilitates the girl and the two develop a father / daughter relationship. One day later is kidnapped and Kreasy is seriously injured in the process. When she awoke she found that the girl was killed due to a ransom bargain that went wrong with this lying circle on a path to finding the guys responsible for her death and ensuring that she was brought to her mark of justice. > <br /> -Ten some Tylenol next to you while watching this movie because you'll need to take some after watching it. I really love the story here's going to the extreme to get revenge because most movies usually just want revenge but really never go too far where this movie shows how far a man can go in doing what he feels right. The only problem is the annoying visual style, which will either make you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I really feel sorry for the cinematographer because I'm sure he joined this film thinking he was going to film a movie action and probably got all excited but instead he was stuck to being the DP for a movie-maker that the entire movie should look like it was owned by the demons. I would not have mind if the fancy visuals were restricted to a few action scenes, but when it spread to the entire movie then, when we got some trouble. The same annoying style has recently been used on "Domino" and as much as with this movie the style has hurt the other movie. <br /> <br /> -Other people I feel sorry this movie was soon to be great Harry Gregson Williams who had work impossible to have tried to compose music from the sharp images. Somehow, Williams wrote some decent music for the movie but I'm sure the movie was more stable then the music would come back a lot better. The sound is poorly used in the movie and instead of improving the movie experience, it makes you feel like you were punished. The subwoofer of the subwoofer is disappointing as every 5 seconds or so you can hear a sound of low thunderstorm from it. I do not know why Scott thought the audience needed to be bombed by the subwoofer, but he really took you away from the movie. <br /> The team of the movie is an animal despite the visuals. Little Fanning does yet another great job here and the scene at the end of the movie just break my heart. If the end of the movie does not make anyone cry when they're dying on the inside. Denzel Washington breaks her rule in making no movie action with this movie and luckily, she gets to play a great character. The whole idea of ​​a lost man in life and all a sudden due to a tragedy to find a purpose in his life is nothing new, but Washington brings some heart and emotion into the otherwise flat dish. I love how we witness it from being a loner actually learn to have emotions and after the kidnapping gets a cold instrument of revenge. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's wife and she and Fanning are two reasons why I can not hate the movie too much. Mary J.Lo comes and goes to the movie but does not really stand out very much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken all have the minimal role in the film but they have an impact. <br /> One thing that makes me laugh is how the filmmakers try makeup for the downside way they show Mexico by calling it a fine city at the end of the movie. A little too late for that if you ask me. Let's hope that Tony Scott does this phase of intentionally trying to break his career because of a talented filmmaker as he can and must do better than that.
