You know you're in for something different when a movie has Christopher Walken playing the party in a professional hit man - and it's not even one of the bad guys! Although it could do with some judicial reductions here and there, "Man On Fire" is a generally effective crime drama that tones of tone from openly sentimental to the brutal outright - and just about every imaginable tone in between. <br /> Denzel Washington star as Creasy, a former CIA killer who recently left the business and seeks some sort of redemption for the sins he committed. So far, he was looking for answers in a bottle with the Bible and not doing everything well and either. As the movie opens, Mexico City has been ravaged by a series of kidnapping aimed at powerful and well-to-do, possibly perpetrated by the police force very accurately in maintaining laws and order in the community. Christians accept positions as the bodyguard to the daughter of a wealthy business owner who has reason to fear her safety. The third third of the film is devoted to the growing friendship between Kreasy and her charge, later, a sweet little girl who, slowly but surely works his way to occasionally stubbornly crisis and affection. The last two-thirds of the film come in an Angela Tenging Melodrama, as systematic creations seek and eliminate all those responsible for a very tragic tragedy in the story. Based on the novel by AJ Quinnell, "Man on Fire," astantely written by Brian Helgeland and flashman directed by Tony Scott, is a cool cool action photo that never shakes away the brutality before all its subject matter correction. It takes a risk of asking us to identify with a man who, for all intentions and purposes, achieving redemption by torturing and killing people (admit that irreparable) people. These scenes of carnage and violence are both intense and thrilling, though they are done at border times on the exploitation. Even better are the quiet moment, intimate between Kreasy and later in the early part of the movie. Washington and Fountain Dakota Fanning establish a natural, fast report that helps set the stage for the chaos and turmoil to follow. Washington is bringing the movie with its quality of stoic justice, which makes us understand its character on an emotional level even though it does eludes us intellectually. In addition to driving, there are solid performances from Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But she is Washington and delightful Mrs. Fanning who steals the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would be best and about half an hour to take out its running time, but this is still a better-than-average thriller thriller.
