Although being released from a flock-minded action flicks (KILL BILL VOL 2. PUNISHER, TALL MALL), MAN on Fire works as well as thanking the large part of Denzel Washington's still-montable, one at the best actors around today. <br /> The MAN on Fire, based on Quinnell's Prime Minister AJ (first filmed in 1987, with Scott Glenn), Washington played a former-luck former ex-mercenary who now stooped to drink in a flash of Jack Daniels, until His old partner (Christopher Walken) offered him a chance of redemption. She is hired as a guardian of the 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and American wife born to him (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning work like oil and water first (not mixing very well), he really gets to form a bond with him, encouraging him to do better in swimming, while he at the same time tries to deal with bad the spirits of the past. It is that many bailouts that will force Washington back into its old line of work when Fanning is kidnapped and held for a ransom of $ 10 million, and he nearly killed. With almost any other action action hero (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.), the subsequent bloodbath should be the same repetitive of Schlock you've seen a million times before. But Washington's character, though he was murdered for a reason, does not particularly like to do what he does. Still, she came to the aid of a Mexican journalist journalist (Rachel Ticotin) who was very deliberately outlined by "La Hermanidad" (Brotherhood), the kidnapping gang responsible for Fanning's abduction. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is flawed some limits because of the camera work too, almost headset-induced mounting editing, and various film actions that are par for the course of its director Tony Scott (TOP GUN; TIDE), but not necessarily unique in it (witnessing Oliver Used Stone in Mounting of JFK or Sam Peckinpah in its 60s classic and 70s film). Still, Scott gets a very good performance from Washington, as well as Fanning, who comes across as far more than a typical kid-brat kid. Harry Gregson-Williams' sid-of-band Spanish guitar score increased by rumors of Chopin, Debussy, and even classic Linda Ronstadt's 1977 country-rock version of Blue Bayou. Although the movie is quite violent, it is no worse than the movie action most in the last ten years, and in general it is better than most.
