Maslin Beach is a real nudist beach / natureist in southern Adelaide, on the Peninsula Fleurieu, South Australia. It is also the name of an Australian film that used the beach as a place. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is highlighting a romantic comedy. This might be a little bit misleading, as it is not a 'hilarious' movie, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but it has time to light-happy. Much as life itself, there are moments of sadness too. It is also entirely shot on the nudist beach mentioned above, and naked runs throughout the film length. The viewer quickly learns to accept this as normal, and focuses on the plot, not the abundant amount of body. Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) came to the car in a beach-side car park. They take things to the beach, and while walking, a voice-over from Simon speaks about his confusion about what real love is. The rest of the film is an exploration that's framed by one full day on the beach. The basic story is in what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters labeled in several separate stickers. <br /> <br /> When they reach the beach, both Simon and Marcie appear to be bored with each other. Marcie sees them as a romantic couple 'Romeo and Juliet'. Simon is just bored with it all. Next, we are featured in Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They walk down the beach together to discuss Gail's luck to find the 'perfect' man, helping by the 'powers' of a necklace that brought good luck to his grandmother. However, there are many more interesting on the beach, not all of them 'attractive' with young (part of realism in this movie). For beach service customers have a flatulent, short-sighted ice-cream sales and a wind. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), who is a friend of Simon, and also his official adviser. I would think that this character is the main funny element. It's hard to say though, there's nothing about Ben that would make you laugh loudly, unless you've been toxic, male and very young! Maslin Beach has a bigger whimsical feature though, and that is that it does not stay too long on any topic. As the variable actuator quality, the suspicious script and everything about Beach Maslin is cheap, lack of continuity is a good positive. In fact, there is something about this movie (not the stripping) that I get appealing. It is difficult to define what it is, but it could be something to do with its bluntness, and Aussie's attitudes are simply carnival. <br /> <br /> The camera work at Maslin Beach deserves a mention. Sometimes it's very good, with some stunning shots and 'pan' at the beach, cliffs and sunset. As nidity is an important factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of the camera work. There is no sense of guarantee in the sidebar, meaning the frame is made so that the camera does not remain on the 'private parts' body. This helps to facilitate any sense of visual discomfort of being in personal space 's subject, and making the movie more tastier. Not an easy task, given location for the movie. Maslin Beach is not a 'skin sticker' for post-pibesan, testosterone men, nor a 'Mills and Boon' romance for under-appreciated women. Maslin Beach does not seem to fit anywhere in genre. The actors are not 'attractive' in Baywatch, and are just 'normal' people that you would see on the beach anywhere. It does not have a message placed and it would not even act as a tourist advertisement, other than perhaps Naturists. Apart from the Australian accent, the filming could be in any sunshine. What makes this film clearly Australian is the fact that it is pointless (cinema truths), and only Australian Cinema, and other medium sized National cinema, could be considered as a rash option. At the same time, these size medium sizes have room for experimentation in the quest for identity, and a 'flop' will not damage their reputation too much. It is still possible, given that Maslin Beach is now a collector's item, that the movie might become internationally popular, but it is very easy. During this criticism, I was sounding very negative, at times, on Maslin Beach. This is not the real position, as I found the movie very easy to watch. I loved it as a reflection of reality near to real people (and problems). The issues confronted by the movie are people in the everyday, and slightly low on spectacles. This does not make any harm to me, and I hope that more films are faced with everyday life like this. There is a connection here and the movies in Europe, with French films in particular. They rarely deal with major disasters or disasters, but with everyday life. Hollywood is in this direct opposition, and rides the crest of the ultra / real / drama / angle action. The speed is also faster in Hollywood, but not reality. Maslin Beach is not exactly 'Jacques Tati' either, but it is on the right track, though it ignores issues of multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation and so on, of the importance of present-day movies. I'm sure you'll either love or hate this movie, with little room for a middle ground. <br /> <br />
