"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in a lot of ways each other Movie Muppet has done so far. For one, it remains the Muppet movie only by Disney. As of 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at its release time) though Disney owns the rights of the Muppets. Also, this movie has a very linear story line, and otherwise unpredictable events. Of course, it is very difficult to beat the original "muppet movie" from 1979, especially since the film had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". However, the way in which the "Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than the "Muppet movie" is perhaps the amazing realistic scenario. In the first movie, all the Muppets really need to do is go to Hollywood, walk to the agent's office, and immediately give a "Rich & Famous" deal. In this film, Muppets learns that they actually have to work for their unwanted success, and it's a lot harder to do that, especially in the entertainment business, than they thought at first. This is an important and often negligible message, giving one who wants to stop the disbelief that the Muppets, being small and made of cloth, does not necessarily have to live in a spacious or even eating place. Above all, the struggle to do it after graduating colleges creates a very good story. Another note: The celebrity celebrity of the movie was cool, and they amazingly managed not to take away the spotlight from the Muppets. This ability to have a Henson addon, and how to appeal to the Muppet characters were the same as adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" falls flat, and this is where I am sure people will agree with me is with some of the key songs, especially at the end. I thought this wedding song "It will make me happy" was too tender for such an occasion to be happy as a wedding. He sounded more like a song played in a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, it's heard that songs make me very depressed, especially when the movie begins on as an optimistic number as "Together Again" and ends up happily. "Say Goodbye" was a sad number too, but it fit best in the movie because the Muppets were slow and they were not sure they would see each other again. This last song was as a down, and maybe even added to the poorest musicians of seeing their favorite Muppets leaving the big screen. <br /> <br /> The "Muppets Take Manhattan" is in general a good movie, and one that moves to beat a different drum than the other Muppet films, including the new ones that are made after their deaths at Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the movie is walking in the same direction as well. I just wanted the movie to finish off a better song that was not so sad. Plus, Disney should have his hand on copyright this movie and give it a good DVD release. Perhaps it will be a day. We'll see.
