This was the third Muppet movie and Jim Henson's latest one was around to take part in making before his too early death in 1990. The first three films are the most popular characters all made and released in the theater before I was born. I originally saw the first and second verses of the original trilogy, "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Hoodie", around the mid-nineties, like a kid, but did not see this third, The Muppets took Manhattan ", until April 2007. This was shortly after I saw its two antidepressants and 1996 at Muppet Treasure Island for the first time in many years. This third Muppet movie definitely did not disappoint me the first time I saw it, and my second look almost three years later can not impress me as much, but if not, it certainly did not go too far. > <br /> Music scene Muppets, "Melody Manhattan", turns out to be a big hit on college campuses. They graduate from college, so they will soon be leaving, but decide they will all stay together and go to Manhattan to try and get their show on Broadway. After they arrive, they start looking for a producer, but after a lot of rejection, they finally decide to go and get to work. Most of them leave town, but Kermit remains, and is still determined to find the right producer and meet the Muppet gang. She gets a job at a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete. The frog quickly befriends Pete's daughter, Jenny, an aspiring fashion designer who is now working at his dad's restaurant as a waitress. As Kermit continues his attempt to reach Stardust, now with the help of Jenny, she does not know that Miss Piggy has been secretly settled in New York and is now spying on her. He begins to see Kermit and Jenny together, and he looks like they're getting close, leading to envy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for a second, she looked first disappointing. It seemed a little run, unfocused, and maybe even forgettable so far in the beginning. Some funny bits during this part of the movie, such as Animal chasing a woman at the audience at the college campus, but for a while, the movie seemed to hamper me compared to its previous. Fortunately, it has not been long before it has changed. The fun film for the most part, and "Goodbye", sings the poignant songs Muppets songs as they go, and a lot that happens later. The two funniest parties can MANTI Piggy Miss after seeing Kermit and Jenny hug, but there was definitely much more time when I laughed, like poor Fozzie trying hovernate and other bears. Muppets still have their charms and funny antics, which obviously also help bring the movie to the most part, such as making the plot, a simple but intriguing one for all ages. There are some weakest moments, such as baby muppet sequences, and Juliana Donald's performance as Jenny is substandard, but neither of these problems are too important, and far from enough to ruin the entire experience. I would say "The Muppet Movie", the movie that started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy, and seems to be the most popular opinion. This third movie is probably the weakest of the three, but all of them are good. Unlike "Muppets From Space", the third of the theater films of the franchise was made after Henson's sad passing, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still the Muppets! I will not go into detail about what I think of the movie in 1999 Muppets, released twenty years after the first, since I've already explained in my review of why I found it so irritating, and even though it has some appeal, I clearly not alone. However, each movie theater that starts the affordable Muppets held during Henson's life is good entertainment for the whole family, though the second and third installment each showed a decline in quality after the one that was directly before it .
