**** SPOILERS **** The movie "Sniper" is undoubtedly based on the explosions of legendary US sniper Carlos "Gunny" Hathcock. Mr. Rogers's soft-spoken Mr. Rogers looked at a note of as much as 300 confirmed and confirmed Vietcong and Vietnamese military militiamen killed during his tours of "Nam" .That illustrates how very dangerous and effective a sniper Formed really is Tom Berenger that is cool and extremely dangerous as Sgt.Thomas Beckett at the end of his career as a US Marine shooter but later in the film realizes that a civilian life will be useless. Since there is nothing out there for her to do with her skill that she learned from the American Marines unless she decided to become a hit-people crowd. Backett reluctantly accepts his fate as a professional life killer for his country. The story of the film "shooter" focuses on Sgt.Beckett and the assistance of former chief medieval agent shooting and US government agent Richard Miller, Billy Zane, being thrown deep inside the Panamanian forest. The sniper must take rebel General Miguel Alveraze, Frederick Miraglittoa, and Colombian King-pin Raul Ochoa, Carlos Alveraze, who supported him in a planned military take-over of the country. <br /> We see earlier in the film Sgt. Beckett scaled and taken a rebel leader that I feel was the best performer of "shooter". To show step by step how Sgt. Beckett with the help of his CPPT spotter. Papich, Young Aden, does his job. There is also a sub-sketch that was later canceled in the movie about a DeSilva primary shooter, Wiley Primary, who was pedigree Beckett and who later killed Papich as they were both waiting to be lifted out of the jungle by a military helicopter. You would think that a very dangerous cat and mouse are playing out between the two who would deal with the movie but Sister. Beckett had no problem at all to distribute DeSilva early in the movie using a unsuspecting Miller as bait. What hurt the movie was ironically the last fifteen or so minute when the story from one shot a sniper film killed in a rambo-like finish with Sgt. Beckett and Silver Miller fought on a whole battalion of rebels and bullets flying as thick as a London fog. <br /> <br /> "Shooter" always well worth the look for the fact that he tells the story about someone who until now has not really been glamorized in war movies: A solitaire killer who kills the accuracy and skill of a master diamond knife or neurosurgeon accomplished and making it into total secret.
