This movie is not a movie kung fu. This is a comedy about Kung Fu. But if, before making this film, Sammo Hung did not spend some time watching movie by the great French comedy filmmaker Jaques Tati (eg, for example, Espour Festivals), it is certainly about the length even waves. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think the movies are hilarious; but they are not at all tastes. Some have told me that they are hurting work. I've never figured out why, but I think it's because the character that Tati usually plays herself is so totally dead to pan, so is affected by the events around her (which it is usually causing) that many miss The more subtle funny bits happening around him. <br /> <br /> At any rate, the main Shtick Tati - or at least it's best known - is to take a bit of petite genius really with 19th-century tenderness and release it in 20th century France where it must confronting a society that is largely defined by the gradual erosion of such sensitivity. It usually has serious difficulties with little things like record player or radio. It's a danger to a car, but in the world there is no danger when it comes to a bicycle. But all of it, he never lost his aplomb, which is derived from his inner recognition that the nineteenth century was much more interesting than the 20th overall. In a similar way, the character Sammo Hung himself plays a country boy coming to the great city of Hong Kong, fully convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee has made Kung Fu's movie. This gets him in trouble in small ways, since it takes in stride recklessness that would never be noticeable in a small town but which is deemed appropriate in a big city - like the moment when it appears to be urinating on the street , A cop stopped him, only to discover that Hung is actually just pressing water out of his shirt, soaked during an accidental dip in the bay. What's interesting about this gag is why it is hung not to understand what the fuss of the fable is all over - in a country town, as long as there is no one looking, if you are required to go you have to go. In other words, Hung is not really urinating in the street - but it certainly would - and what's the problem officer? In the course of Hen's obsession with Bruce Lee also gets him into big trouble as well. He beat a gang of thugs who refused to pay his restaurant-owner uncle. Of course, in a Bruce Lee movie, the thugs would be considered trounced, and they would learn the lessons. But in Hong Kong Hong Hung, unfortunately unequivocally prioritized, and eagles return when it's not around, to trounce his uncle. Of course, Hung finally triumphed at the end, as Tati always did. Characters like this must always triumphs (at least in comedy) because they are completely innocent, and as such, despite their fierce funny mysteries and misunderstandings, they really represent what is best in the people we admire and want. We do not really want to be Bruce Lee (experienced the loss of all his friends before he gets a chance to beat the bad-guy), we, in our own innocence, really want a world where Lee's heroic are possible .. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, that world only exists on film. <br /> <br /> "Ah, but what if ...?" - and in this question we find Sammo Hung in his best comic.
