In the mid-1930s Hollywood was reunited with the difficulties of the talkie transition. Although all technical issues of sound have been solved very quickly, it took more time to solve the questions on how to talk photos should look, how should be structured and how they should act. The informer is a key picture of showing the extent to which flooding moments can convey history, declaring the power images without ignoring the needs of sound and dialogue. This is not to say the informant is really a throwback in the golden days of silence. For one thing, many silent pictures were not so purely visual in their narrative, and they were too many and four titles. But what the informant has is self-assured to extend momentum between dialogue, focus on more reaction than speech, and let out vaccine play out simply for the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, for all his abilities, was a cinema that appears to have put in effort in proportion to how interested he was in the material. If he thought a story was funny, he just did it half-arsed. The Chancellor of the Informant, with its illustrations in the community, honors, working class life and most important Irish environment, was all loved, and the result is one of its finest work. In it, Ford only really employs too much injection. The first is in place ?? Dublin streets are wrapped in steam and darkness for the longer they can not see; Dingy interiors where the walls and ceilings seem to squeeze in on us. The second is in the face, striking pre-ups against plain backgrounds, usually without dialogue, focusing on the conflicts inside those people. <br /> <br /> Lead man Victor McLaglen fits perfectly into this character and this way of filming it. McLaglen's performance does not sound very much, as it is about 90% drinking act. But the other 10% is sincere emotions, as here and Gypo Nolan has what alcohol is referring to as a clear moment. With these performances, Oscars won. McLaglen was backed by a spot-to-throw support, among whom no weak link. In particular it is beautiful for Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually only seen in the role of funny rescue, playing straight dramatic parts for once (although the Meek's appearance has one or two jokes, the tone of the scene and lots of ways He is serious). Not only does these two deliver extremely incredibly deep, familiar to most viewers as comedian players giving an added note to the poignancy of the parties in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, who produces the informant, was perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take risks in all the major studios. Thanks to this, we are able to see a story of involvement with an anti-hero spank of its center, which could easily have been a clunky, over-serious chaos, rather full of a moody atmosphere and depth of character that keeps us watch and draw us to his world.
