But again, early morning TV shows an invaluable resource for films that I otherwise would never have been tracking down. At four o'clock in the morning, I stumbled out of bed to start recording the 'Informer (1935),' my fourth film from prolific American director John Ford, with an excellent one in that. Set during the Irish Civil War in 1922, was merely adapted by Dudley Nichols in the same novel by Liam O'Flaherty. Even though he was born in the United States, and most famous for his "Americana" photographs, both of the Ford parents were Irish, explaining the directors' decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brute but well-meaning Ruffian who is informed about an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), in order to claim the £ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie killed during his arrest attempt, the Republican Army of Ireland, both Frankie and Gypo were members, began investigating the traitor behind the incident, each sign bringing them closer and closer to the real guilty. /> Meanwhile, Gypo is plagued with guilt for his friend's untimely death, and down to a heavily-driven bout who donated Don Birnam to the 'Weekend of Objects (1945)' in his too much. As Gypo wasted his grief in abundant trade in alcohol, trapped in a little greedy small depression, his spending record captured the attention of the IRA member investigation. For one time in his life, Gypo finds herself surrounded by admirers (including an entertaining J.M. Kerrigan), who enthusiastically beat her on the back and baptized her "King Gypo" for her physical strength. However, it is obvious that these people feel no affection for the man, and they are simply showing his attention to exploiting him for money. Other £ 20 brought by Frankie's death can never buy Gypo an assembly of friends ?? True, in a bitter twist of irony, the money was only made possible by the betrayal and loss of one of his only good companions. A relatively simple fellow, Gypo could not possibly have fully considered the consequences of his actions, and he eventually offers forgiveness on account of his "not knowing what he was doing," but deceiving people should not go away. /> Criticism is occasionally bringing to Ford's film for allegedly propaganda propaganda in a "terrorist" organization. Even though this position obviously depends on one's own opinion {I certainly do not know enough Irish history to pass judgment}, there is no doubt that the movie shows the Irish Republican Army as selfless, dedicated and impartial, a proud piece of Irish patriots if I ever saw it. However, the main theme of the story is that of betrayal; Driven by intense poverty, one ordinary person betrays the trust of his good friend and comes to deeply regret his actions. Gypo's tease is played mostly for mercy, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that betrays a life of uncertainty, culminating in one terrible decision that condemned him to a comfortable death. The 'Informer' was Oscar John Ford's first success, consisting of a total of four awards (from six nominations), including the Best Actor for McLaglen {which has collected the image from the three-way favorites of 'Mutiny on the Bounty (1935) '}, Best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols {who denied the award due to United Kingdom disorders}.
