Maybe it's because I watch the Irish misfortune story in the 1920s and then the sad civil war that is swallowing land in the state free after the signing of the treaty before watching this movie. Anyway, the sudden turn of the end brings tears to my eyes. Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as it was back then, and it should be better remembered. In this movie, I think she plays herself as she would have been without her natural talent and brain. For example, the scenes where his friends in the crowd are hard to fight with is probably quite reminiscent of what McLaglen actually did in earlier years, when he was a world-class make-boxer boxer. John Ford is partly responsible for that; The IMDb Trivia section shows how it misleads McLaglen to find a really bad hangover for the trial scene. This director also could carry out a lot of his actors, even without such tricks. Mostly, though, McLaglen is firmly in control, especially when his character is almost totally blotted (which is difficult for an actor to believe), and also plays Gypo Nolan with a profound and emotional power that is surprising for a person has only seen McLaglen later in his career, in the "quiet man." I especially love the contrast between this role as an IRA man and the much more obviously controversial performance it was given as the person of IRA Denis Hogan in the "House Hangman." <br /> <br /> In the "quiet man," of course, McLaglen is a land squire of luck with the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was great and intimidated, in the old-fashioned sense of the word, but he was a good actor, too, and capable of wide rank and fine nuances of performance that we just would not expect from someone like a today. It is a rather sad comment on our own series of expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> Ford, as usual, pack a lot of a little bit of film. All the characters are excellent (though the corresponding American captain's accent is distracted) - NOTE: There is defender before! - Knowing that Gypo once drew the short straw and ordered to kill a man, but let him talk his way out of it instead, we really empathize with those who draw the short straw to execute Gypo , and the humanity it shows, better than going to take Gypo in the Mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here, taking what could be a very horrible and yet expected result in the whole story and instead using it to set up a totally unexpected finish and again very satisfied that we think not only in Gypo and the other characters, but in poor Ireland during that time tortured.
