Victor McLaglen, the title character of John Ford's ENFORMER, reminds me of the circus man from LA STRADA FELLINI. Anthony Quinn played the brutal man, who can even be influenced by pug-face, Oscar-winning performance provided by McLaglen. Poverty-triche Dublin is the real life, atmospheric environment of the picture, which took place in 1922. Fog dancing with a wet night time are the main elements of a story about deep Irish patriotism and fighting in the Irish Army Republican. The conflict is individually and the cause is what makes the INFORMER tick. McLaglen's great, simple character just wants to go to America and we're reminded by the price sign for a ticket often. Two different signs become the psychological central for the drunken Irishman. One is before, the other is a sign of WANTED. Should he do it and get the money away? <br /> <br /> John Ford once famously said, "My name is Ford I'm doing Westerns." After seeing this movie, it obviously could be a heck of a lot more. The serious social issues are faced with here is the heart and the person you will find yourself thinking about. And the look of the piece is amazing, including dark dark shadows off a miserable night of Ireland. Ford has always been known for his luminous, gorgeous cinema that has helped to predict the conflicts of his characters. This is difficult in color, but he did it in pictures like the search, painting John Wayne in a sometimes vicious manner. Victor McLaglen's performance not only benefits from the lighting, but by the sheer simplicity of his acting. She pushed a lot. He hit people out. It is a brutal who knows no better. It should, however, know whether or not they cross the IRA. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie to find out the bravest details. See also for McLaglen and Ford's patriotic paints in the IRA. Max Steiner's note is innovative in how it matches gestures of the characters, putting more emphasis on them. This was usually only seen in silent films, especially Chaplin. The subject of naming or "inform" is obviously still important. Just look at how the media covered Oscars this year, giving much attention to the Elia Kazan scandal.
