With the release of Peter Jackson's famed "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, it is even easier to postpone Ralph Bakshi's 1978 anime Lord of the Rings film as inferior. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is the adult film adaptation of Tolkien's work, but that does not prevent me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious pioneering efforts. Jackson has admitted that he has received at least some inspiration from viewing Bakshi's films and has some clear similarity between adaptations. <br /> <br /> Colorful colorful film in the picturesque scenery is excellent and the score is memorable. I was for the most part satisfied by the designs of the characters. Fearing Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are mostly insistinguable from each other visually, the Balrog and Treebeard were unimpressive, but these points did not bother me much. However, Nazgul are fairly drawn and made oddly enough. The only representation of my character was bothered by Sam; he made them look unbecomingly funny. <br /> This movie is novel for its animation techniques. In addition to hand-drawn characters, live actors are incorporated into the animation of rotoscoping. It is quite noticeable that the hand-drawn characters and who are rotoscoped, but no less than I found that the movie style was a gift. Using rotoscoped live actors for the Battle scene was a good decision and helped these scenes to turn out well. The voice acting was generally of high quality. Particularly good was John Hurt, who gave an authoritative voice to Aragorn. Aragorn is not a favorite character from the stories, but was backed by John Hurt's voice and was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice was strong for Gandalf. The only actor seems to have been Michael Scholes as Sam, whose voice acting was disappointing and added to Sam's sadly funny image. Only another bitter part of the acting act is the mispronunciation of characters and place names. Particularly strangely the decision has often been Saruman referred to as "Aruman". In this film, Ralph Bakshi is expected to have the ability to produce films. Hence, this film has about half the story, from the beginning of the "Fellowship of the Ring" at the end of the Battle of the Helmet Helmet in the "Two Towers". Obvious implications of this is that the movie's history is a very condensed version of the story of the books. I enjoy the original stories and more appropriate adaptations, but the freedoms taken to compress the story did not bother me, even the choice to leave Arwen from the story. Enough of the key elements in the story being in this film kept me engaged for the duration and had even a gift in being able to breeze in half the Lord in the ring history in 132 minutes. The battle scene was impressive and in particular the orc march in and the Battle of the Deep helmet was tremendous. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi's version of the "Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and does not doubt a number of Lords in the ring readers to weep off in the story. However, for me the disadvantages of this movie were minor compared to the thrill of seeing an effective adaptation of half of a great trilogy. I only groan is that I can not see the second part of this "first great story" in the Lord of the Rings since Bakshi has not given the budget to create an end.
