I'm a fan of this movie and he vexes me that many "reviewers" rank under the trilogy Peter Jackson. A filmed novel is still interpretation; In particular an animated film depends on the artist's vision and should be judged on its own terms. Speaking as a purist, this is a Tolkien collective homage than the updated version. While this movie has its flaws it remains drier to the source, especially so far the characters are worried. <br /> <br /> In the Jackson version of the Frodo Tolkien is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he is described as a weak, constantly surprised, manipulated by force around him and never stands on two His own foot (this is physically and metaphorically true.) You ask why fate chose the biscuit tart to carry the ring ring into the cracks of bankruptcy. Jackson unforgivably rewrites Tolkien and Frodo's Arsenal at his finest moment when he allows Arwen to rescue him from the Ringwraiths ... Bakshi version respects the original, featuring a Frodo who asks the wraiths "Go back to my problem, no more! " Bakshi sustains Frodo's character as Tolkien gets pregnant. We see its decline as the weight of its load increases. Frodo is so essential to Lord of the Rings you wonder why Jackson has taken such freedoms (he does so with many characters) since character development pushes the scheme to its inevitable conclusion. The film Bakshi best explored the company between Legolas and Gimli in a few judicial scenes that completely lacked in Jackson's version. Likewise we see boromir corrected with Pippin and Merry, moving the idea of ​​thanksgiving. For me, I love the most developed camaraderie in the animated version than the live action. Poetry Tolkien is an important ingredient in the novels and Bakshi to pay tribute to this at one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the song "Merry Old Inn" song before the sting of Strider. The melody feels is chillingly juxtaposed with the darker theme music when seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to the wraiths, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric portions of the movie and my chew every time I see it. <br /> <br /> Well documented budget / time restriction limits the final movie to this film but has filled it down to being more and more spectators. As it is, it's worth a look. Even his opponent admits that Peter Jackson exits much of his inspiration from this prototype.
