As an animated film from 1978, this is very good - generally quite higher than the standard of the days when Disney did not do anything good in years (and Tolkien cared for Disney anyway). It gets the highest point for innovative and cautious work, applying Cinematic Techniques and Relative success. Rotoscoping in many maligned actually works very well, especially with the Ringwraiths, and opening the narration. However, it is so incredibly overused - perhaps as a saving economic cost - that it detracts from the overall effect. The same technique that spooky and otherworldly wraiths does not cost so well in the Pring. <br /> <br /> As for the adaptation of the story, it's actually quite good. We lost little bits here and there, minor details like the Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, the Gaffer and Bag-Bagginses. We compromise a few characters, such as Legolas's review as one of Elrond's house with an old friend of the Aragorn, but that's a rather wise decision for films. In books you have a place to include the world's largest references to vast stories and the Middle Earth. In the movie, you trade for visual and sound that transmits the same elements in a different way. Nothing critics truly lost here, and although I have little cobbles on some of these changes, I'm generally very happy with it. If only the cold writers have managed to remember Saruman's name - it's often referred to as Aruman, a decision probably making him more distinct from the same-named Sauron; It took me a second look before I was sure I had not heard him. He also harassed that Boromir is a Viking, and irritable scene from the start. However, Gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the voicework is excellent. If only John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. Of course, with the film ending the amusement of the story, there is a vast disappointment to build in. What makes it far, far worse is the work all miserably done by the Rankin & Bass crew on the end. They were allowed to make the return of the king after obedient obi remained a great mystery; They seem more interested in bad songs than in appropriate storytelling. For all its faults, this movie heart solidly in place and it tries very hard to accomplish an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the upcoming series of films will keep its true vision.
