More than twenty years before Vice President Peter Jackson's adaptation to the Lord of the Rings, this 1978 was annexed effort from director Ralph Bakshi. An ambitious and reasonable version of the story, this was sadly the over-bold trilogy of Jackson. Indeed, many revisions here on the IMDb (especially those that have seen the newer version first) seem to be malicious version of this version .... but if one applies a little common sense, and take into consideration The time when it did with the technical possibilities that existed at that time, then they will realize that this is a very good movie. Indeed, it was shortly after seeing this animated film back in the early 80s that I sought out Tolkien's book and subsequently became a lifelong fan of the richly detailed Earthly adventures . So, in some respects, I have to film this a degree of recognition as the film shaped like my literary tale forever. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of the Middle Earth, forged an all-powerful ring that gives him incredible power. After a great battle during which Sauron is defeated, the ring falls into the possession of a king named Isildur ??. but instead of destroying it he's crazy making choices to keep it up. For centuries the passing ring came in hand, eventually coming into possession of a hobbit called Frodo Baggins who lives in a peace-loving community known as the Shire. Frodo is learning from a wizard named Gandalf that her ring is in fact the one ring, the same was forged by Sauron all those centuries ago, and that her master once again sought out her in order to restore his black power on the whole country. Frodo enters a dangerous journey to protect the ring and three other hobbit peers, but every step of the way they are hunted by the Sauron wraiths ring, the Black Riders. Has followed many adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers formed the ring guide in the only place where it can be "unmade" ?? Mountain Doom, in Mordhor. The movie ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the borders of Mordor, closing all the time closer to the terrible destinations. Meanwhile Gandalf and other members of the company combat a huge army of orcs in the legendary darkness of the Helmet Valley. This version covers just over half of the original book. A second installment was planned to bring the story to an end, but was sadly never ending. While the end feels abrupt, it does at least end up at a sensitive point in the story. One has to feel a little frustrated and sorry that no end exists in which we could follow these heroes eventually host their goals. The animation is colored, with a beautiful variety of premises and characters presented in interesting details. The music by Leonard Rosenman is decently stir and fits in a timely manner with the epic narrative. The voice-overs are decent, too, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - giving the voice to Sam - is rather naughty and jumpy, which does not quite fit with the character. The Lord of the Rings is a laudable attempt to visualize the perverted book on which it is based.
