This movie, in my opinion, is, despite it's flaw (which I hold * some *), a pronounced masterpiece with a great and beautiful piece of art. <br /> <br /> What Mr. Bakshi has done here is to create a beautiful net film and has shown its immense talent and versatility as an animated film director. He does not receive 1 / 100th of the credit he deserves to literally save the art of animation for an adult hearing. If not for Mr. Bakshi, I do not think animation would survive the Disney offensive. What more, with the Lord in the Rings, he has not created only a beautiful animated film, but has created an entirely new art form - unfortunately one who never threw it on the ground. Most people are complaining about the use of rotoskoping in the movie (the use of live stock images that are used as background images and often animated on using various techniques from what appears to be small amount of tinting full blown animation). But I feel that people who complain about it simply can not accept an art form from the norm. No, this is not Disney animation. No it does not live action. No, it's not "cheating" - what is it a new, fascinating, and absolutely wonderful art form. Something so cool, and so new that it feels completely at home in such a fantastic story as "The Lord of the Rings". Bakiyi's use of technical pioneering techniques brings the subtleties of Middle Earth into life is a very dark and mysterious way, in particular, the darkest of Tolkien's beasts, particularly the Nazgul, to achieve in a way that traditional or action animation live could not be achieved. The scriptplayer Peter S. Beagle (based on very little, as I understand it, about an early draft by Chris Conkling) is a very loyal adaptation to Tolkien's work. Where it is possible to use dialogue directly in the novel and it feels home to the world that Bakshi created. There are many cuts that have made to fit the first book with 3/4 in one 2-minute 15-minute film, but there are many changes in the storyline. There are a few holes that it would have been nice to have filled up: Reforging in Narsil, the gifts of Galadriel, the Huorns in the Battle of the Hornburg, but, again, with the time limits he has (already the longest animated feature story), these are certainly understandable (even though it's one wonder how they could have been explained to an end). Also there is the delightful (one of my favorites) notes by Leonard Rosenman (who also gave Barry Lyndon and Star Trek IV (the score for which is clearly based on his lottery work)). It is bomb and bold, and dare I say, perfect. He stands on his own as an orchestra triumph, but when coupled with the images of the movie, he enters a whole new world of symphony perfection. So far from typical Hollywoodland fare that it looks like many people. <br /> <br /> The voice actors are wonderful. In particular note is Jan Hurt as Aragorn who just oozes the essence of Strider. <br /> <br /> The design of characters is also beautiful unique, but does not often taste everyone. But remember that it is the duty of the director of an adaptation to show you what he / she imagines, not what you might imagine, and so Aragorn realized with a different American feeling Americans and Boromir appearing in Viking inspiracy. This is perhaps not what you imagine, but I can just cheer Mr Bakshi to show us what he "saw". He also noted that he spent a significant amount of time with Priscilla Tolkien in developing the character team for the film. <br /> <br /> A further word - the flight of Ford's sequence, in my opinion, is one of the most subtlety sequences beautiful ever to be kept on seluloid. Bakshi is not afraid to slow down the pace for a moment, and his masters clearly show that the incredible tension is able to build. Bakshi's artistic ability and Tolkien incredible work center in this sequence at a glimmer peak that has yet to be equal. <br /> <br /> The latest DVD released (2001) by Warner Brothers, is sorely lacking. While we can offer our eternal thanks that the movie is finally available in widescreen format, the package is woefully short of extras. How glorious it would be to have a director's comment, could see the 20 minutes of extra foot removed for the theater release. Another delightful addition could be assembled at the footage of live action later on. Also present in the release DVD is the utterly horrible voice at the end of the movie which is a departure from the simple voicewave that has been held in the very finest frame of the movie. This version is plastered and misunderstood is right on the highest score of the note. <br /> <br /> Of course, the greatest tragedy of all is that the end has never been done. We can never see Bakshi's interpreter in Gondor, Shelob, Faramir, in the bankruptcy of bankruptcy, in Eowyn's battle with King Witch or Gandalf's confrontation with him. We will never be honored with Bakshi's image of Denethor or the Palatir or the path of the dead. It is a shame beyond all that we will, in the end, have to accept Peter Jackson's glittering and brilliant Hollywood, version of the movie version of these later events at Tolkien's chief, but I suppose that even better than no cinematic version at all. <br /> David
