There is much doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writer of the 20th century. Jules Verne has some claims to be father of science fiction but his story has been much more adventure story using wonderful inventions such as tracing devices. Wells was deeply and carried his subtext story. Perhaps its greatest legacy is that there is very little if any evidence that people believe in life on other planet before the 20th century where as many people including Richard Dawkins consider it a close certainty. There is no evidence of this and one can not help wondering what was Wells who introduced this to human thinking? Undoubtedly it was Wells planting the seed. <br /> <br /> Things have become suited by Wells himself from his own novel. It is rather obvious however that it is able to tell the difference between the techniques of writing writings and writing scriptplays. Dialouge is often packed, heavy released and compelling. A case of point is the two pilots from opposite sides discussing the nature of the war "Why should we kill another .. Why?" This cruiser mirror, near to contempt nude that Orwell was in Wells's writings of Wells, Hitler and the State of the world and it is true that Wells anti-war message is great overly overbearing. It would be impossible to believe a conversation taking place between a RAF pilot and his opposing number in the Luftwaffe a few years later <br /> It was said he is absolutely fascinating watching a movie from 1935 to predict a World War II is taking place in 1940 that announces the end of civilization. There is a hit and haunted imagery as a child bang a drum as a phantom army market in the background and the collapse of society and fear of the Wanderng sick is beautifully achieved. Even the rather lazy story of showing the year in the environment has a compelling nature It's the images that make this movie along with Arthur Bliss's notes that make the movie so memorable. And just Wells must ask the question "The universe or nothing. What's going to be?". In short this is a movie whose flaws are easily forgiven
