The future synopsis as seen in 1939 England. As war on Europe, the salvation of mankind can not be found in the politics of the past. It is up to the brave new world of science to overcome past mistakes of the man. <br /> <br /> CONSEPT IN THE VIEWER RELATIONSHIP Beware of leaders and what they say. Thinking outside the box can lead to a brilliant tomorrow. He will always be descent and fear, and learn to overcome it is our only hope. <br /> <br /> Pros and advice I've seen this movie long and recently downloaded it off of the internet (it is in the public domain). This is a fascinating task on many levels. Since it is a story about the future as seen in 1939, it has obvious flaws. This vision of the future is both dire and fantasy. This movie has cut corners for its day. Special effects are very good as the story line. The act suffers a bit of the British sense of the theater, in which it can lean slightly toward Shakespeare. One of the hidden themes in the film is that science and technology can solve all our problems, which we now know is not always true. The other film lines drawn by charismatic leaders are a curse of human existence and will probably always be with us. The source of almost all movie cinema movies can be seen in this movie. The design and wardrobe of "Banned Planet", the weaknesses of technology in "2001: A Space Odessy", even the lush landscapes / cityscapes of the "Star Wars" must be some of the inspiration of this film. /> Finishing the movie leaves the viewer somewhat embarrassing. While it is optimistic at its sequel to reaching for the stars, we let them wonder if mankind will ever be able to do it. As we have, there are people who are trying to keep us back. The vision of this film while also exciting is a bit comical by today's standards. Large flying machine with weapons that could shoot people into space that never materialized in the real world, but in 1939 were considered the next logical step. Many great British actors in this movie as young men. Cedric Hardwicke and Ralph Richardson are most recognized with the obvious oratory skills here. Raymond Massey is a curious choice to play the lead character, Cabel. His character almost comes across as the new Christ sends to save the world from its own destruction and the new religion of science. This is a good piece of movies that are always relevant to today's movies even though it's vision in the future lack the mark.
