This is probably the best of all in the Star Wars movies. The starting point of the film was almost like Episode IV - Cabaret cabaret placement and thinking of a Cabaret location, where the gravity of the mobster Jabba Hutt became even more serious. He ordered Luke to die in a pit of the bone-breaking teeth of Bantha, who looked almost like a cross between a bear and a shark. The power of the Jedi Luke eventually finished the monster over. Adding to the sneaky rescue of Han Solo, who was frozen alive at the end of episode V, Jabba was upset about what Luke was condemned to die in Sarlacc in pit outside. Star Wars "good guys", especially R2-D2, had other ideas ... and other ideas have reinforced the execution of Luke; In the end, most of the Jabba soldiers were killed and Princess Leia could use the tired force to choke Jabba into death. Like in episode IV, the Death Star in episode VI makes its appearance. As I analyzed the rebellious fleet against the Imperial Fighters around the Death Star, Star Personnel, I guessed, sped up the arming of the main laser, using the Imperial Fighters as a rehab. The 20-25 Star Destroyers aligned were ready to attack but they were called off and instead were the laser gun on the Star Death shot in surprise. Once he was shot, only the rebel fleet's hope was that the Death Deflector shield would be knocked out, and this lando affected much because he wanted to destroy Star Death, but he could not until they were shield it's taken out. And it took out and increased Lando's impatience. Similar to Episode V, the Imperial Walkers make their menacing appearance with their twin cannon, killing at least one of the Ewoks ... but Ewoks found the old yet unusual way to deal with them. For example, Chewbacca, as well as another Ewok, was able to commander one of the Walkers (and actually used to destroy from behind one of the walkers), and the other Ewoks used logs to hit two other walkers. > <br /> It is amazing what Luke could do with his Thursday power on his light saber, such as, for example, the scene of Endor where Luke reveals incoming laser shots from a military military survival bike , and using the saber to knock out parts of the bike. Or, at a higher point, using the saber to break his own father's arm during the final saber battle with Sith Vader. <br /> <br /> You probably know Ewoks the celebration after Star's death was blown, filled with a brief display of fireworks, drumming on the spoils of victory (eg Storm Masquer Storm), and Luke finally reunited with Leia after Luke's own nemesis --- Darth Vader, now dying, burns on a piece. The celebration includes Ewoks singing but I think Lucas did not buy that - even with the strong respect of film composer John Williams. <br /> <br /> In the home movie version, I think Lucas herself wanted a different end. In addition to the celebration of Endor, he wanted to vaccinate the celebration scene on the several surviving rebels, including a laser celebration shot that destroyed the statue of the Sith. Ewoks's song was replaced by an instrumental alternative piece. It probably wanted extra things to prove to the destruction of the Death Star, the balance was restored to the rebel galaxies.
