The first two parties seek to reduce the absurdity of unnecessary warfare with unjustified nationalist rule. Part of the third speculator that progress and exploration toward the moon and beyond is the key to ensuring a sense of use of human talents and resources. He has speeches that some viewers reject as naive or bombing but that makes others keen and excited. It depicts a space / launch weapon with a helicopter, and invented mass communication devices, elevators, flat screen panels, and wireless interconnect. It's probably correct on windows windows in the future. But it shows a vision of children who are in line with scientific / technological boundaries. For me, it looks like a movie about a group of thought-provoking minds guided by a moral-like Spinozean in their quest to immortalize themselves and to live ethically in scientific advancement with a unified world government. Character pro progress (like the two Cabals) believes that humanity could 'live forever' by preserving our experiences and advances for future generations, always standing on our humanity as if on the shoulders of giants. Arthur C. Clarke (author 2001: A Space Odyssey) suggests this film Stanley Kubrick as an excellent example of SF film. Kubrick hated it and said he had never looked at another film based on Clarke's suggestions (source: special Clarke in his 2001 Roman novel). Even though Clarke was late to suggest her to the top of her list whenever someone asked her about the SF best movies. It has a beautiful Menzies art design, but mediocre special effects (the game's tanks). <br /> I personally liked it and think it's excellent to capture the zeitgeist in modern times. It's a bit naive about plausibility in creating a corporation without crime for a longer period of time. It also seems implausible about the inevitability of progress. It seems to me we could just as easily go back to the dark ages or at least become so corrupt in science that we kill ourselves in overopopulation or our inability to escape the next major natural disaster. But he nicely shows the importance of taking public and jealous outrage risks for potential threats to space and death accidents. It is our challenge to choose the right to make sure of the progress of petty desire for safety or comfort or happiness: <br /> <br /> CABAL: "Too many {rest} and too early, and we call it death. over - conquests beyond conquering this little planet with its wind and way, with all the laws of mind and subjects that hold it .. then the planets are on it, and the last out of all starlightness And when he conquered all the depths of space and all the mysteries of time - it still will begin. "<br /> <br /> CABAL:" If we are no more than animals - we must hack Our little bit of happiness and live and suffer and pass, with no more problems - than all other animals do - or did. " {It points out to the stars.} "It is that - or this? All the universe - or anything ..." (quotes from scenario). <br /> <br /> If this sounds like a rationalization to attract all the society to progress, then the board members (in the global government) will seem like technocrats. But actually these "technocrats" allow citizens to become craftsmen or pursue other free passions, and should be suppressed by prohibiting governments, laws against science and experiments, and other warrants and the use of restrictions in power that would turn the critics into tyrants. In fact, a major group of rebels in the plot feels louder in the development of the board of science and technology, so they try to put a stop to a happy end of the council's experience. Progress orientation progress will not suppress free speech from the rebels, though, only preparing its 'peaceful gas' in the moment of urgency and merely wanting the freedom and space to pursue its progress. So it's also a story about the freedom to do science, as much as it's about the wonders of progress. Many of our communities would actually agree with some of these basic premises, except in cases of social bias (many want to ban cloning, for example) or naturalism (some do not want us progressing freely, and instead we just got rid of time due to slave on the ground) or fear / reason (some believe we are not prepared to advance science / technology since we could destroy ourselves). But Cabal (chairman of the board) has a response to the danger problem: "Our revolution {scientific} did not abolish death or danger. It simply made death and danger worth while" (scenario).
