H. G. Wells in 1936 spent his first and the books of him that will survive were gone by. He came to the end of his life and he was confronted with his dreams going back. At the very beginning of the 20th century he defended the idea that the world ended because the evolution of species, natural biology, on one side, and Marxism, market economies on the other side, were necessarily leading to the victory of pi The weakest is due to the simple criterion of numbers. The weaker was the mass of mankind and most of them were elite minorities. He then defended a strict eucalyptic policy and elimination of all those who in one way or another weakened the human race. First of all, no one can, with the only exception of the Jews who would disappear thanks to mixed couples. Then in the White community all those who were not healthy, the alcohol, mental disability, those who were genetically disabled, etc. were not Hitler. That was H. G. Wells and that was not after the world first war. That was over ten years earlier. And twenty years before World War I first published the Time Machine which advocates the idea that the "race", let's want its own and due to the evolution of vast cosmology in earth life, would see the differentiation of the human " race "of" species ": the working class would become a species of subterranean workers and bourgeois would become a similar surface species. The point in the novel was that the species's surface and weak idle species were the animal of other predatory species. Wells convinced humanity was in danger and politicians were supposed to stop this evolution by imposing a strictly political policy. The first countries to follow this injunction were the Scandinavian countries that were also last released recently only for some of them. The film here proposes a vision of 2036 and a global government that is absolutely dictatorial in the fact that there is no election, no parliament, no really democratic institution, only peaceful imposed by military conquest, and the government is dominating not one person or one person most and advised his some. And in this world in the future all, absolutely everyone is Caucasians. Wells could imagine mankind being completely white by 2036. Amazing. Wells has envisaged some kind of rebellion but could live and lead to nothing at all. The recent sentence is the vision of this white civilization victory over the universe when contemplating the sky and its stars and planets. Scary. And that was produced in 1936. All the most feared since anywhere the slightest mention of Hitlerism, Fascism, Japanese Imperialism or Stalinism can be found. But it is essential that the movie be a good edition restored because it is important to have a full vision of H. Wells. We are obviously very far away from the New Brave World of "democratic" democratic "social" democracy, or Animal Farm in the dictatorship of the poison proletariat, or in 1984 by the mediator abstract dictator of Big Brother. This vision is at least as scary as the other three. And I only want to compare Wells with British science fiction writer in his day. It would be unfair to go further. This reveals that in England in these first three decades of the 20th century there was a great fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future would be only a bit, weak and in the form of an impasse of some kind. /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University of Versailles Saint Quentin and Yvelines
