"Things Come" Review Movie by kWRice <br /> Here is another amazing full science fiction film from a different time and place. It's a movie I've seen only in troubled parts, but Art should be taken as a whole. I have experienced this movie as it was born, in a dark theater, on a silver screen, and the whirlwind movie noise and a hearing to share it with them. That audition with myself was achieved by this film! A woman who lived in WW II was harassed by the ravages that were remembered in war and reconstitution by the positive, hitting the meeting, ending. Things that keep my attention from the beginning were the initial credit. The first thing we see is "H. G. Wells" in the dark copy of an angular block as much as "Superman" in yore. It is not the movie title, but the creator's title, and then before anyone else, such as actors or producers, are listed, the director of William Cameron Menzies is up! Who? You've probably seen her work before, "Around the World in 80 Days," "Pride of the Yankees," and "Gone to the Wind." It was not direct after this season's Sci-Fi surgery and Mr. Wells was created, but his film, laying, and design prints are very recognizable. <br /> This imagery is very effective. I recognize the images from many other films that pay homage to this classic. The latest "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is evident, along with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia," "Monty Piton and Grail of God," "Captain Sky and the World of Tomorrow," "Night Of The Living Dead" and more know, but the titles escape me. This is real special effects here, performers now perform with CGI to perform with actors, big sets, and detailed models. This film was made in 1936, and it obviously meant something other the authors. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, made the music, and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece with messages, warnings, and sermons. The line actors Shakespearean Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey speak, sometimes sound preachy, but I also hear my line still hear now. "These games are nowadays nothing like I was when I was a kid," "It will help develop their coordination," "What do we need to book for, what do we need for it?", "We do not Doing so needs cars, there's nowhere to go, we have everything we need here, "" There will be no war. "But war there! The naive citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the literal writing on the wall. The war never ends explosions Christmas Eve. The little boy wants a good soldier like his father is an image that will likely always stay with me. This is the 1936 world that was placed Hitler's warrior warrior. This war does not end. The poisonous gas in the aerial wars second in the second act. <br /> It's another black age. No government, no service, and those who have brought together and cheering the war that no remember to remember. Woe, warlords and intimidation to get the aircraft fly to gas that does not exist yet. People love to shot in the street, before they can bring this harm to another. Midway has a wonderful sticker on the Rolls Royce, which is a very much needed mid-way rehearsal. In this country a futuristic plane announces the future. <br /> <br /> The future is the third act. The world has rebuilt itself with the help of "pets, man." Helicopters fly in this movie, before they even invented. The Plumber Help has other uses than the Dalek or Glenn Miller. Seeing screen plasma screens usually masks, and speakers encourage the people to tear it all down. "Beware of the concussion, have warned you!", The city's father warns the population laughing. So, to warn, this movie might hit you like it hit me. There are some nice miscalculations, but the ideal idea provokes that's really worth thinking again, and I want to see this film again. Others criticized Mr. Wells's vision. It is very easy to work with 20/20 hindsight regarding these things, suits and foley guys. I believe Mr. Wells' "things come" is not about things, but it's actually about concept, social trend, and ideological philosophy. Moreover, we are now just starting the new millennium and not in the ever-coming time. This is not British cardboard science fiction card, but refreshing Epic Filmed Opera, unmistakable song, as a whole concept of overcoming some of the minor shortcomings.
