This early Sci-Fi mastery by Herbert George Wells and music by Arthur Bliss is a powerful piece of film-making. Adapted to work somewhat differently by the author Wells, it presented a look at the human future and the issue of war period as the period of 'peace'. The structure is that after a contrast-fear of normal episodes and gathering clouds of war, the script allows the war to happen. The two families, the Cabells and the pasworthy agree on what might happen; Passports take a look at the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is the thinker, doubter. The cities of Everytown - obviously London - are destroyed by a war-torn war, a marching march shotgun in Bliss, and the end of civilization. The second part to find people living in the wreckage of what was the town under a "Boss", played with bravura by Ralph Richardson, whose woman, beautiful Margaretta Scott, is as fascinating of a dream that she is a kind of concrete dictator -mare. He tries to rebuild the former WWI aircraft to attack a nearby hill tribe to complete its petty land; a young scientist complained about having his job still interrupting demand for aircraft - etc. - forever; This is Wells' comment on war against progress. Survivors are also subject to a "disease sick" disease. Entering a modern pilot pilot car by Cabell in the first section of the movie, now part of the World Wings, an International Coalition scientists, are planning to end the war forever. This flight-adaptive modernist has fascinating conversation with the Boss and her woman, the attractions were obvious; Then Boss sends his plane against them, Scientists come up with huge numbers of planes and drop the "gas in peace" over the ruins of Everytown. Only the Boss dies, fighting too hard against the pacifying. The film then shows the ore mines and slow down steps were made in the graveyards of a beautiful new futuristic city of towers. In section Three, a future Cabell discusses with a perfect future of morality in human science. The perfect wonders if they are allowed to send people to the Moon; Cabell champion human rights in the advancement and the need to expand its horizons. Son's daughter and Cabell's daughter, the astronauts were sent. Theotocopulos, a religious-minded Luddite, makes a fire speech on a big screen in the City Forum and leads an attack on the 'space space' to fire the new free rocket in Earth's gravity. The highest points in the draw are to shoot at the space gun successfully; The denouement and ending is a speech by Cabell praising and science that is universally regarded as the most profound defense of yourself ever penned. "It's all the universe - or nothing!" Cabell says perfect. "Who is it?" As Cabell, Raymond Massey provided perhaps his greatest screen performance; It is thoughtful, compassionate, and reasonable, a true scientist. As the rabble-rouser who wants to end the science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman plays pasworthy admirably imitating conventions with fear. The scenario is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the disappearance of mankind, the idea of ​​a civilization is run by rebuilding scientists to make possible the credible viewer. This is a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all concerned. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love; to its constructive limit, this drama a man thinks of debating the potential human future - progress or opposes its reactionary.
