I was but a babe in arms when George Lucas wowed the world and out of this world saga chronicling the adventures of Luke Skywalker and Notar Darth Vadar but even today 20 years on I can appreciate the genius that is Lucas and Incredible The imagination was blessed with. In a new Hope Lucas has shown a new way of telling stories as he introduces us to these memorable characters as the princess Leia Princess, the Roujish Han Solo and the Sky's Skywalker spirit as well as the best love of bandits, disaster Darth Vadar la. In the Empire Hit Back it went all out of our show Special Effects can add to a story and manage them something no-one thought you could do on screen. She has made a movie with no specific sequences or beginning to read a treat. Back to Thursday is a tight end of a legend that will stand the test of time. <br /> <br /> When the Srtikes Empire Return ended with the lovable Han Solo's Rouge Envelope Envelope in Carbonite to be released from the Hut Jabba and Luke Luke reeling from the discovery of a terrible truth about his father we were leaving and feeling that things went wrong worse. Vadar seemed to have won the day. How did we ask them to be the rebels ever the recovery of this blow? In Lucas's stunning and captivating chapters we are caught on the edges of our place from Han Han's rescue from Jabba's palace to the final battlefield clash on Star Death between Luke and Vadar as Luke writes between completing his homework as a Thursday and Rebel fighters and try to react well to his belief that he is still in his father's soul. <br /> <br /> Old friends like the Lando Calrissian talk list and ever chewbacca Chewbacca gathered for a final battle at the end of every fight as a new darker more dangerous enemy appeared in the form of the emperor himself ( played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud. Whatever he missed out on an Oscar is a mystery.) Desperate to turn Luke on the Black Side even though he meant betraying his apprenticeship Darth Vadar.All in black with his red eyes, ghostly white Defining figures and street disasters really are a terrific addition to the story and it is the undisputed Master of events that unfold. Star Death and Upgrade to Star Star's disaster for the rebels, but the brave band launches an ultimate assault on ending Empire's reign for good. Lucas managed to incorporate three different stories at once and keep the action going so that the audience riveted. We look at excitement as Han and Leia try to bring down the shield around the Death Star from the Moon to the Indor Forest with the help of some adorable Ewoks (which I really do not believe taken from the movie all. In fact I feel giving a repeat of the tensions of the battles in and of the Star Death) and prevented by the army of Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers. We applaud on Lando and other pilots as they take on Imperial fleet warriors and risk lives and members of the Fly to the Star Wars to destroy it once and for all. And we watch with welding breaths like Vadar and the Emperor trying to turn Luke into the Black Side while in turn trying to turn his dad back. <br /> But for me the most difficult and yet compelling battle is that going on inside Darth Vadar. For ROTJ is a fight of emotion and feelings. Vadar is caught between his loyalty to the Emperor and the Empire and his Father's lenticates to Luke. Never did I think that a mask could show emotional but some-how one can not but see the confusion and pain in Vadar's face during the final stage as the Emperer turns on Luke. There is more depth and emotions in Vadar than I believe in a cruel, especially one machine more then people could and that I think is what makes it so accessible. It is disagreement. The apprentice as much as the Master. The victim as much as the villain. San ruines at the end of Vadar's final stage is the most intense and wonderful of the trilogy. So, in the conclusion that I can say. George Lucas is the master of the saga. Star Wars is the most compelling and engaging Sagas I've seen in a long time and I have yet to see another legendary rival. Back on Thursday there is all the ingredients needed to finish finishing Lucas the prince. Its action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy all rolled into one and it's memorable characters, wonderful special effects and catchy music make both a great movie in its own right and an end that Lucas can proud of.
