After '' Empathed Hit Back '' 'Returning to Thursday' is my second favorite movie from the Star Wars series. Luke went to tattoos to save Han Solo from Jabba. At the same time, the Galactic Empire is doing secretly, building a new space station such as Star Death Star. If this station remains totally constructed, it will be at the end of the Rebellion Alliance. Both Vader and the Emperor are impatient because of the delay in the new death of the Star, and they need to kill many of the officials that the project has made in schedule. <br /> <br /> R2 and C3po inside Jabba's palace sent a message from Luke to Jabba, where Lukes pretends to negotiate Han's life. He gives R2 and C3po as a gift for Jabba as part of his plans. Jabba does not accept the negotiation, since it uses Han Solo as a piece of his palace decoration. (Han is still frozen in carbonite) Lando is hiding as Jabba's guard and Chewbacca also gives Jabba not a reward hunter. When the Hunter even tries to save Solo Han and make him live in human form again, we see that is actually Princess Leia in a backdoor. The problem is that Jabba discovers Leia's plan and takes it as his slave, while Han is thrown away in Chewbacca's cell. <br /> <br /> Luke comes as a Jedi Knight to rescue his friends. At first he tried to kill Jabba, he dropped into the Jabba monster (Bantha), but it was easy to kill him. Jabba remains angry and decides to throw Han, Chewbacca and Luke Sarlacc, a huge creature out of the desert that stays 1,000 years to dig it in 'eating'. Luke, Han and Chewie have succeeded in scape again, and even Boba Fett dies when Han accidentally throws him to Sarlacc's mouth. Leia kills Jabba and goes after Han, Luke and Chewie as well as C3po and R2. <br /> <br /> Everyone in safe yet, Luke decides to go to Dagoba to complete his training as a Thursday, as well as his promise to Yoda. The problem is that Yoda is too old and sick, since he already 900 years old, and before he dies, Yoda tells Luke that he does not need more training, but really be a Thursday, he must fight Vader again . He confirms Luke that Vader is Luke's father, and that there is another Skywalker besides Luke. In his last moments, Yoda asks Luke to recite his advice on the temptation in the dark side, and Luke transmits his knowledge of Thursday to others. When Yoda dies, the Spirit of Obi Wan shows up to Luke and tells him that his father Anakin killed his father Darth Vader, and he also cares much more than a person since he became a sith. Luke remains worried about killing his own father, saying he feels that his father still has goodness. Obi Wan tells Luke that her twin sister is Leia, and she says why Luke and Leia have been separated since babies. He gives his latest advice to Luke saying that if he refuses to kill Vader, the emperor will win the war. At the same time, the Emperor tells Vader that he must give his Luke when he shows that since Luke is stronger than before, and both need to combine their efforts to bring Luke into the dark side. <br /> Now, we'll have one of the best battles in the star war series, when the Alliance Rebel plans to attack the new space station, the "Star Star 2", Luke will confront Vader and the Emperor, and Leia , Han and Chewie need to close 'power of star 2' power power, with the help of the EWOKS. (little animals that look like little bears) <br /> <br /> This is to make sure one of the most exciting star wars at all!
