I can not stop saying how I loved this movie. This movie is one of the youngest known and one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The film follows the explanations of a rap group, NWH (NI # $% rs and hat). It goes from the beginning of the group to the end of the group, after it's tragic break up. After the group is documentary maker Nina Blackburn. The film is about a rising budget, but it does not seem to matter, this is a very well-made, well-produced film and performance not all of these actors and actresses are excellent. The main force in this movie is the writing, there are many brilliant lines and takeoff on the movie rap, it is real. <br /> <br /> There are exhibitions on current rappers, such as MC Slammer, Vanilla Sherbert, Ice Cold, Tone Def, Tastey-Tastes, and Songs (Juice Booty, Grab Your Dick, Etc.) Rusty Condieff has made a excellent movie. In the movie she plays cool cold ice. The film does not leave, it's funny from the beginning to the end. The movie works well because it gets weird on occasion, but it hits that line where it's funny without going too far out. Listening to the three drives try to talk about some kind of philosophy was one of the best part of the movie, such as Tone Def telling a record producer, when you take the bus you get there, and the producer answers. that's deep! '<br /> The group that shows NWH has some sort of natural chemistry. They work well together, and they manage to pull this movie into places without a moment in the movie. What really makes this movie so good is how true of some of the rap group in this time this movie. Many rap group had problems with violence, nonsense, and love of NWA, the band became only popular when the establishment started to make a great deal of the controversial lyrics. offensive. There is something here to offend everyone in a great way natured. The film has a takeoff on a good number of people too out of rap, being the drug of Spike Lee. Where did they come up with this dialog I can not imagine. The film has line after line that will have you rolling into the floor. As I said before the writing is just excellent. <br /> I'm not surprised that this film has been encountered as limited release. It's a smart, controversial, and even thought-provoking movie. This is too much for mainstream, despite the fact it's hilarious, and almost damaging to its production. There is no bigger star, but a lot of familiar faces, including Marc Lawrence, who plays Tone Def. Watch this movie, at least in many you will definitely have an opinion in it.
