Well, my headline is a lame kind, and almost sell this short flick. I remember watching Siskel & Ebert at '94 talking about this movie, and then playing a clip or two. Not a rap-conscious guy (although I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Mirror, and MC Hammer music), I was not very interested when they started talking about the movie. But then, S & E showed the scenes where the group explains how they chose the names (using some "shady" logic and a bunch of "facts" facts), and when That's another scene where the band, with its rivals, both visiting a school encouraging to participate (and, of course, NWH comes with some "info" about how the leader of rival group is a loser because he received good grades from the school and was in the anebook committee). So I fill it up that I should see this movie. <br /> <br /> A couple of years later, this show shows up on HBO and I recorded it, only at my butt laugh for hours. Yes, it has a kind of "rhythmic tape" type of rhythm ... even the documentary takes essentially the same "tone" to set up the clips, and the band follows a similar path (what I now called "Behind the music "The phenomenon - band smalltime has good chemistry, becomes famous, too much money, squabbling, drugs, some types of death, band breaks up, then reconciling, ending with hope for more albums in the future, and black fossils ). The sole thing that is true is that of Spinach Tap, you catch the group maybe and a little more successful in the past. But pipes drawn at some point, and in my mind reduced to the laughs that are set up by specific scenes. Oh, this is its annuity on the slider feed, this is where he wants the amp to go to "ELEVEN", this is the place where the guy does the painter-sized stonehenge, etc. ... / > Contrary to FoaBH, which seems to be more humorous moods. You can see some of it coming, but there is a great setup for every joke. Sometimes, jokes are just kind of shed. Cundieff and the other actors in the group had a real chemistry that worked. Also, the direct references to vanilla ice, hammer, and a bunch of other cartoon-reminder types really worked well. This hit me as a movie you look once to get the main story and laugh, and then come back and look to catch the subtle jokes. With these songs. Is "My Nuts" Better Than "Big Bottom" (from Spin Pipe)? I do not know - but they're both humorous funny. The terrible Tone Video during the "Awakening" phase is so rare, but so funny. <br /> I could go for a while but save your time and you do not waste it on CB4. I watched the first half hour, and was bored. You do not get bored on FoaBH. There is a little less funny moments, but you can never say when something good is about to happen. Maybe my favorite scene is when cold ice and tastey taste (name ripoffs if I've ever heard any) discovered they shared the same girl .... at one point, you had two weapons shown in each Other, and the next thing you know, the manager, the photographer, the girl, and I think even the tone Def in the rooms show the gun to each other, switching back goals and ideas. And, of course, someone gets injected. <br /> I found it odd that NWH managers suffered the same as Drummers were hitting the drummer (although no unsuitable to fight, I do not think). There was enough similarity that I could not ignore the likelihood that Cundieff had seen "Spinal Tap" before writing this film, although this is clearly much more spinal tapes in hip-hop. While some similarities exist, the humor is different, and the film looks more like a real documentary (perhaps because we do not recognize a single actor of this stuff, even the guy who played "Lamar" from "Revenge of the Nerds "). All in all, this movie has, in my opinion, "street credit". Kinda like NWH.
