This movie is in my mind the weakest movie of the original Star Wars trilogy, for a variety of reasons. However it appears at the end of the day a winner, despite all its flaws. It's still a very good film, though a lot of its quality depends on the characters built up in the Higher Installments 2. A problem here is to look at the movie, which is not very consistent with the movie these 2 other. I put a lot of down to the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first 2 films have that dirty, live-in look with all the technology and so forth. In "Thursday" on the other hand the rebels looked like they just stepped out of a shower and the dry uniforms were cleaned. This makes for a much less textured movie. Also animals were too muppet-like and cutesy. At this point it seems like the movie-makers were more concerned and created the models for future action figures and the quality of the movie itself. <br /> Another aspect is its lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a new experience in movies and "Empire" brought us into the world of foreigners in wetlands, ice, and clouds, lamely re-cycling "Jedi" where they are in the first movie. Our first come back on the desert planet Tatooine, and then we're watching them face another death star (maybe that the emperor could not think of anything new ... but you would think Lucas or Kasdan was can). Also we have these ewoks, who really are just detestable made-for-Mattel Teddy bears, in a recyclable version of what was supposed to be the great wookie-fighting at the end of "Star Wars" if they did not run out of cash. It just feels like lazy construction. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "Thursday" for me is the weak touch of the character Solo Han. While it is central to the plot of the first 2 films here it is struggling for screen times, trading one hardware covered with the droids. Instead of a real drama we are stuck with the lame lenders that Han is still convinced Leia likes Luke - as if the conclusion of "Empire" where he confessed his love to it never happened. The whole thing is very similar to barely hiding the fact that the solo character was not a part of this central film story after his rescue. Ford, for his part, seems bored and miss the style that distinguishes his earlier performance. This is more like a 1990 Ford performance, bored and looking the "above" movie itself. Fisher for her part is seeing many of the scenes. Lando, an interesting character presented in "Empire", here is glued as the one introducing us to care about in the giant space battle. Only Hamill, giving an exciting development of the character Luke, is really able to do anything new or interesting with his characters. Probably he was the only major actor in the film that always cared about his work. And to be just the script gives him a lot more to do than the other characters. Really it is its history and the other characters, only there as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid makes excellent work as well as the Emperor. The film would leak if it was too far on the head (as it was at times in the new films). Visually and in terms of work effects, other than "clean" look at everything it's hard to find faulty. Jabba is a highly effective animatronic character, one of the most elaborate ever built. The battlefields towards the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Finally this land movie of success based on the achievements of its heritage. But on its own, it is a satisfying piece of entertainment, and IMHO far superior to any of Lucas' production later.
