Brian Yuzna is often frustrated as a director for his trashy Gore-festivities, but the truth is that his movie is actually not bad at all. The Re-Animator Reasons are not the same as the original but are still worthy as far as the horrors are concerned. The return of the dead 3 is best in the series; and Society is not a world away from being a surrealist surrealist. This thriller certainly is not a masterpiece; but it shows Yuzna's eyes for excellent horror, and the draw moves in a way that is always thrilling and engaging. I'm really surprised that a horror movie about Dexter did not turn up to 1996, as it went to the dentist is almost a scary fear - it's running away from a tiger for the modern world. Bow does not fear me, but surprisingly; I would seem to be in the minority. The scheme follows the perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. She has a beautiful home, a successful career with a beautiful wife - pretty much everything that most people want. However, his life took a turn for the worse when he discovered his wife's affairs and the pool cleaner. And her life is not the only one; as it's his patient who feels all the brunt of his anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to scrutinizing the audience, this movie really does itself. However, credit has to go to the director for extracting the full quota of crisis from the central theme. The fact that he does a good job summed up by the fact that I'm not rush about going to the dentist - yet a particular scene actually makes me cover my eyes! The film follows the standard man will draw drawings, only with the Dentist you always get the impression that there's more film than what we're seeing. It's not very often that a Gore film can be impressed on a substance level - and while this will not win any premium, the parody on the upper class nicely tied to the scheme. The acting, while B-grade, is actually quite impressive; and Corbin Bernsen take the lead role and do a great job in convincing the audience that he really is a man on the edge. I should thank Brian Yuzna for casting Ken Foree in the movie. Dawn of the dying star does not get enough work, and I really like to see her in film. The rest of the cast does not massively impress, but all do their job well enough. Overall, the Dentist offers a refreshing change for nineties slasher movies. The Gore scenes are sure to please horror fans, and I do not hesitate to recommend this movie.
