The dentist is a really good thriller. And pretty disturbing. I think we all can agree that the chances of running a psychotic dentist are bigger than running in monsters, vampires or zombies. That's exactly why this movie is so scary. During this movie, you'll probably think about your own dentist some times. Whether he is able to do things ... You better pray his wife do not cheat on him. That's the story is all about. A dentist respected in LA girlfriend when she finds out his wife cheating on her and the pool-boy. (This should be the greatest profession in the world, by the way. Poolboys always take advantage of the housewives when the husband is in his job) From then on our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, can only be the thing to take revenge. He can not focus on his patients again and a couple of them get hurt. Things do not make it easier for our dentist when he is chased by an annoying tax restraint, a curious cop and a staff member suspicious of him. At one point, Dr. Feinstone can not take it anymore. Now it is not only after his wife, but after all who come to him .. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and co-written by Stuart Gordon. You can take this as a recommendation for yourself. These 2 have already given us a few great horror movies (and personal favorites at me) like Re-Animator, from Beyond and Society. With the Dentist, they succeed once more to bring a funny comedy and a lot of chiller. This movie happened over time. The decade did not make us very big horror movie so far. I'm not at all saying this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is great as the dentist is obsessed with hygiene. I remember him mostly as a comedy or drama actor, but he can be sure to handle a psychotic character. The rest of the cast also does good work. Women who play wife Feinstone are really attractive. Also, it was great to see Ken Foree act again. The actor from all time favorite movie Dawn of the Dead plays the cop in this movie. Yuzna threw her in from Beyond too, 15 years ago and I thank her for that. I do not recommend this movie to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I will advise you to skip it) but if you look it, you will enjoy it very much. You will be lousy ... but that's an extra reason, I think. It was a while since I was really freaked out by watching a movie. It's a great topic occupying the genre and Yuzna doing it in a great way. Too bad this movie was followed by a completely unnecessary sequel. My Human Opinion on the Dentist ... 8/10
