I thought that ROTJ was clearly out of the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ considers faster installment of trilogy by many people who voted. For me it seemed like ROTJ was the best because it had the most profound trace, the most suspicious, surprise, most emotional, (especially the finish) and definitely the most episodic film. I personally love the Empire Hit Many returns but I think it's a little less good than ever than ever since it was slower-moving, not as episodic, and I just did not feel as suspense or much emotions as I did with the third movie. It also looks like me that after reading it's surprising that the reasons why people are cited for ROTJ being an inferior film and the other two are just plain ludikrous and they are unmistakably unreasonable compared with the sheer excellence of the movie as a whole. I have heard many strange reasons like: a) Because Yoda died b) Because Bobba Fett died c) Because Little Ewoks defeated stormtroopers d) Because Darth Vader was revealed <br /> <br /> I would like to debunk each Of these reasons because I believe they miss the point completely. First of all, WHERE HONEY BOBBA died? If George Lucas wanted him to die then he wanted him to die. Do not get me wrong I'm fan Bobba Fett but he made a few appearances and did not Lucas' intention to make him a central character in the movie Star Wars fans who made him out to be. Her name did not even mention anywhere in the movie ... You've got to go to the credits to explore Bobba Fett No !!! Judging ROTJ because a minor character died a bit much I think ... Secondly, many fans did not like Yoda dead. Sure, it was a momentary moment in the movie. I was not happy to see him die but he made the movie more realistic. All the good guys can not stay alive in a realistic movie, you know. Otherwise if ALL the good guys lived and ALL the bad guys died this movie would be tantamount in a Saturday morning comedy cheese. Another aspect of this point on those who do not like Yoda's death. Well, nobody complains when Darth Vader knocked down Obi Wan Kenobi in a new hope. (Many consider a new hope to be the best of the trilogy) Why was Obi Wan death okay but Yoda not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I just can not believe was even declaring was because people were Finding Ewoks beautiful overpowering stormtroopers will be impossible. That's absolutely ridiculous! I can not believe that this one !! First of all, the Ewoks of authentic native creators are aware of their home spot since they live. If you watch the movie carefully so many of the Ewoks tactics used to beat the stormtroopers were in excellent use of home field benefits. (Since you lived in the jungle all your life I hope you would learn to use it to your advantage) Swinging vines, ropes, logs have set up these travel markets, and other traps. The stormtroopers were very disadvantaged because they were over and not aware of the advantages of the jungle. The only thing they had was the blaster. To add, he did not like the Ewoks battling the storms themselves, were heavily assisted by the group of rebels in this conquest. I thought if the stormtroopers had to beat a combination of the star wars stars, the group of rebels, as well as the great Ewok family and familiar to their home terrain, which would be a big mad. Finally, if this scene was always incredible to you .. How about empire strikes back or in a new hope where there were SEVERAL scenes in a group consisting of only Han Solo, Chewbacca, and the Princess, shot in not like Ten stormtroopers and all the blades were missing while the heroes were in full swing !! And not only that, the heroes, of course, still hit the Stormtroopers and their blaster. Troops must be very, very bad at that time! At least the Empire Strikes Back, the Endor Fight was much more credible since you had two army punching each other by 3 heroes against a host of stormtroopers. Do not believe me? Check out the battle in Cloud City when our hero escaped Lando's base. Or when our heroes were saved Princess Leia and shot at (somehow missed) as Han Solo and Luke tried to exit the Star Death. <br /> <br /> The most recent thing that I care to discuss (others are just too ridiculous to spend my time here.) that people did not like Darth Vader being revealed! Well, in many ways was an important part of the plot of the movie. Luke tried to find out whether Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker. It would be disappointing if the movie ended without Luke coming to see his father's face because he completed it. Annakin's revelation symbolized the transition Darth Vader had suffered a dark place (in his helmet) and the good man he had Annakin Skywalker (by removing the helmet). The point is that Annakin was killed in the light of the light again and that's the meaning of the scene to remove the cassette. In fact, that is what I would do at this stage also if I was the father of Luke ... Is not that you would do if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before dying and not in a helmet hanger? <br /> In another note, I think a subconscious or conscious awareness among most people is that the end must be worse (even if it is better) that previous movies are another reason that ROTJ does not get as much reward as it deserves. I never go to a movie with the disappointment of yourself, I always try to go to a movie with the attitude that "Well, it might be better or worse than the original .. But I can not know for sure You see. "So I go with an open mind and do not judge myself in thinking that a clearly superior film is not as good as it really was. I'm not sure who criticized these movies but I asked many college and adult students about who is their favorite Star Wars movie and they all told me (except for someone who said a new Hope was love them) that it is ROTJ. I believe that the results of these polls are hungry and well-fed. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, Back to Thursday was the best of the Trilogy. This movie was one of the three who kept me riveted all of its 135 minutes. There was not a moment of boredom because each scene was either suspense, exciting, surprising, or all of the above. For example, emotional light saber fighting between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better than the one in the Empires hit back any day !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people go see the Phantom threat and an open idea because if fans start looking for nitpicky, insignificant details (or view it as "just another end") in the movie litter "This movie feels because Luke is not in it!" Then this meritorious film will become another spectacular film that will be the subject of derision like ROTJ suffering unfortunately. <br /> <br />
