Director Brian Yuzna has an unmatched career in the horror genre, creating masterpieces like "Returning to the Dead 3 Dead" or "Re-Animator's Bride", but at the same time he made terrible movies like "Faust: Love for Dane to "or mediocre" Envoy ". It is obviously best in the chair of Stuart Gordon's producer where his work produced Stupid's film. <br /> <br /> The "Dentist" is one of his youngest works as director, but the profile gives him the benefit of his movie and its lack of pretense to make it a very enjoyable experience. It tells the story of Dr. Alan Feinstone (played superbly by Corbin Bernsen), a successful dentist who discovered that his perfect life is not really as perfect as he thought when he discovered that his beautiful wife (Linda Hoffman) has a affair with the pool boy. This event interrupted his mind and put him in a spree killed as he took revenge on the world so much so "dirty" .. Mostly the very well occupied by Yuzna, as it takes us on a ride after Feinstone's day of revenge. What makes this film different from most slashers is that we are not in the victim's perspective, we follow Feinstone because it is the main character. We witness how it goes from adhering to psychic murder professionals in a day. Yuzna managed to give the movie the exact amount of suspicions but add a good dose of black humor that really helps the movie. Most of the successes in the quote are in Bernsen's performance as Feinstone. It can make you feel sympathy and hatred toward her at the same time, and her subtle humor is another aspect that helps the movie. The rest of the cast is not as good, and I think by sub acting to hurt the movie much more than it should be. A remarkable exception is Ken Foree, as the detective tries to keep Feinstone. While its part is quite small, it does a great job with it. With a dentist as killer, fascinating scenes are expected, and Brian Yuzna delivers great SFX to the correct number. It's good to see that it does not go over-the-top with it as it usually does, and I dare say that this is a highlight of the movie. It has the exact amount of Gore that is expected, nothing less and nothing more. Yuzna holds herself to its common excess and the result is great. <br /> While this is not among the best known film Yuzna, I would say that it is one of his best. Sure, it is not a classic material as its leader, but it is a movie that is amusing and never becomes tedious or boring. It's a simple low-budget film, but for what it is, I think it launches. 7/10
