I remember this movie in particular when I was a teenager, my best friend told me everything about this movie and how it freeze it out as a kid. Of course the blood thirsty blood was that I, I went out and found this movie. Now I do not know how to put this without losing credibility, so I just will tell it, I actually have fun watching this movie! I know that it's stupid, not the best and beyond bloody and gruesome story, but that's what I was looking for and the dentist delivers to the crisis, blood, sex, and psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a fun movie like this just let loose and get grossed out of. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On his wedding anniversary day, his spouse Brooke spokesman had sex with dirty pools, Matt. In his dental practice, Feinstone's first patient of the day is young Jody Saunders, having his very first dental appointment. Feinstone begins to cleanse the teeth of the Jews. Everything goes smoothly at first, until it's imagining that the teeth of the Jews are brown and rotten. Dentist chooses to slip it, stabbed Jody in the gums. The mother of the Jews took her weeping, bleeding children and herbs in anger. Feinstone sees her second patient, Queen Reina April Reign. By and April, Feinstone sedates it with nitric oxide so it can fill a cavity in one of its molars. As she loaded into knowledge, Feinstone imagined that she was transformed into her wife. She starts kissing her and fondling her on the dental chair, then starting to choke her. April starts cough and half-rises from the gas. Feinstone master comes from his vision and quickly re-button the April blouse. Feinstone decides at the end of the day early and sends its employees and home patients. And then, Brooke met Feinstone in her practice. He reveals his new Italian opera-themed room to the patient. She encouraged Brooke to try the dental room chair. When it does, Feinstone ties it to the chair and sedates it with nitrous oxides. With bright surgery in the background, he begins to pull Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has gone to the bottom of the abyss and definitely will not let anybody stand in his way to clean up. <br /> <br /> Honestly, as funny as this sound movie, I had a lot of fun watching the Dentist. The best scene without a doubt is when it teaches that embarrassing IRS agent a lesson in hygiene that I'm sure he's never forgotten. Man, I do not think I was brushing my teeth much after I looked at the dentist. Yeah, I'll warn you, this movie is in no way fainting at heart, it's very bloody. There are stabbing, gun shots and just those brutal dental torture scenes that will turn your stomach. But somehow I just enjoyed this movie, if I ever wanted just a good gore movie that made for true horror fans, I slipped it to my DVD player, and that's the "teeth" lol! I am fun! You, yes, I try to give me a little credit. <br /> 7/10
