After witnessing his wife (Linda Hoffman) engaging in sexual acts with the pool boy, the dentist is already a bit unstable Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) completely cut off with deep abysmal problems for his patients. -Original and entertaining horror movie from director Brian Yuzna was a welcome shift in speed from the horror to the horror of the past from the late nineties. Although the dentist 'intends to be a cheesy, fun little movie, Yuzna ensures that the film delivers the shocks and emotions that many more reliable movies try to dispense. Despite suffering a bit of lack of background on central characters, and thus allowing events that should be built up taking place over a couple of days, the film is intriguing, generally well scripted and well-rhythmically allowing the viewer to maintain interest, even during the more funny time of the day. "The Dentist" suffered, on occasion, out of dragging, but unlike many of the late 1998's endeavors, there are only occasionally refreshing moments, and overall the film follows himself nicely. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen was very Convinced of the role of sadistic, disturbing and perpetrated by Dr. Alan Feinstone, Bernstein's ability to recite his lines, especially with regard to the foulness and sexual immorality (particularly felatio), is very short of wonderful. Many actors may have problems showing a palsy obsessive psychic without coming up as too cheesy or ridiculous, Bernsen seems to really fit the personality of the character he attempts to show and thus makes the film all the more enjoyable. There was the 'Dentist' by was born to be a fun, almost comic, horror movie, Bernsen's performance would probably have been much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest cast (including a pre-fame Mak Ruffalo) failed to put in very good performance and although the film was not Really damaged in this, most performance could add more credibility to the flick. The <Dentist 'is not a horror movie that is meant to be taken seriously, but is certainly enjoyable, particularly (I suppose) for fans of horror cheese. People who have been registered in the number of cloned clocks' (1996) from the late nineties can very well get this a refreshing change, as I did. A rarely most commonly-generally-scripted script as well as some competent directions help make the Dentist Dentist in the horrors more fun of cheese from the 1990's. On top of this we are featured with some particularly grizzly and (over the whole) realistic scenes of dental torture, which should keep most gorehounds happy. Far from perfect, but far from bad as well, the Dentist 'is a flick movie that is easy to look at least once. My rating for ?? Dentist '?? 6.5 / 10.
