The main theme of this dirty Harry is that revenge is a dish that best served cold. Sandra Locke is as cold in this movie as she is beautiful. Locke is a "8" normally, but, with a deadly pistol in his purse, "cocked" for the bad guys, he climbs all the way up the scale of a "10". Having gang-raped, along with her little sister, a few years ago, Locke, as Jennifer Spencer, tried to block the assault from her life, as best she could. His sisters, these are almost comet as a result of the trauma, so the memory is never far from itself. One day, Jennifer saw one of her attackers on the street in S.F .; He bought a pistol, followed by a bar, allowing him to pick it up, then when they're alone in his Cadillac, start to make love, he launches it .... once in genitals, once in the brain - that's the opening scenes !! Ya must love this spunky lady. He had the right priority. Plus, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting all his anger on NOW COLOR NOW. After executing her first Perppe, Jennifer Curious Watches Det. Ensp. Harry Callahan processes the scene of fresh crime after finding the body in the caddy. Then he insults some young creepy bucks who are encouraging women on the street, visiting her sister in a nursing home, then going to a hunting in San Paolo, CA "up the coast" where the rape event took place years ago. With more bullets in her purse and more solved in her head, our heroine relives the rape inside herself and keeps alive, as she comes closer to executing each subsequent violent. Not uncommon for our right wing, when it comes to sentencing or executing a violent criminal, should not be sad for its humane humankind, we recall the crime and suffered it has been inflicted. These Jennifer style event reminders pulled the trigger on each of his attackers - once at the parties, once in the brain. Throughout the movie, Jennifer's revenge scene is interplayed with good, Harry's Harry room blowing away some gangstas in a coffee, remembering "Go ahead. DO MY DAYS." And he threatened to step on a Punk kid (who would just call Callahan) to an elevator in court as he would step on dog ** s .... leaving a girl govt employee staring after Clint as if they were told "I want to have your baby." My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes of action, when Harry threatens and upsets a mafia boss named Threlkis in a fatal chatter during his grandson wedding reception at the Mark Hopkins Hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantalla in Poor II) does a great job as Don Mafia's sin, though it is only in one scene, dying in a most convincing way. However, Harry's problems are not over and over! Gang Punk Elevator and Threlkis henchmen each attempt to murder Harry in two pre-ordered scenes, and most of them bad guys end up dying horribly. Yes, some of the gun-gun play comes as inspirational screen violence .... looking like the Clint director was tired of that day in shooting this movie. But there are only so many ways you can send a man and bullets. Punk kids die more creatively, though, as they both burn to death and drown in S.F. Bay. Warm up my heart. With many violent intentions directed at Insp. Callahan, his employer sent him to San Paolo to try to find some background on the "22 caliber vasectomy kill" as Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known but not before Harry delivers one of his most famous sermons- a-chowder-led-liberal. Love Harry. While our hero has hampered the local cops and citizens of San Paolo, two more killers occur, even M.O., on a sleazy, lazy sailor and on an entrepreneur who has the same-clown hardware. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They found them both agree on topics such as Law and Order, Paying guilty, etc. Could a warm, loving scene be in the offense soon? We're just going to believe that. Many characters in this real man meet human-woman drama crimes, and we get to meet a rogue-dirty brassy named Raye Parkins who is both disappointing and entertaining. Raye establishes Jennifer's rape for her "companion" years before, and she'll get it eventually. San Paolo's Chief of Police, playing by Eastwood Co-star Pat Hingle (the judge hanging in 'Hang em wo'), is strange at odds with Callahan's detective work related to the 22-year vasectomies, until we find that Her own son of adolescent was one of the violent gangs. Many such as Jennifer's son, Chief Janning's son is now a comatose adat, but driving crazy by guilt. It can not end here, though. The company raped the dike, Mick, now a stingy-sexed junk in a criminal, driven from Vegas becuz to Raye's a fall on Jennifer, calling up in San Paolo to prevent further executions. Mick sleeps in Raye's house, but his distribution is all wrong, and he was arrested before he can spend more time with Raye, mainly due to the fact that he's been being sent to the Eternal Lesbos Island Not a shot from Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick borrowed from past, and Jennifer gunning for him. A desperate chase occurs, as Harry tries to keep these two from killing each other. It all turns out well in the end, with the good guy and the cheap guy in the sunset together in a nice song Roberta Flack blues.
