Despite the feelings of most "Star Wars" fans, in my opinion "Back to Thursday" is the biggest movie ever created by Cinemas. Since the first time I saw it, it's in depth, intensity, special effects, and moving stories have overwhelmed me. This film was well put together that she could stand the test of time over the last 20 years. Full and powerful action, as the original trilogy of the original, George Lucas gives us a rousing ending of the legendary "Star Wars" in "Thursday". Film Summary (there are Spoilers for those who do not see it) <br /> After the "Hit Empire Return" let us hang for 3 years long we finally get to the end of the story of "Back to Thursday". Darth Vader, in emotional turmoil, made a surprise visit to a new Star Star uncompleted to oversee his construction. The Emperor is first seen in this movie as he has the final plan to destroy the Rebellion Alliance and bring Rick Lane Skywalker to the Black Side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie, and the Droids all travel to Tatooine to rescue Solo Han in Solo of Lord's crimes; Jabba Hutt la. After Han was delivered, and Jabba defeated, Luke returned to Dagobah to find a dead Yoda where he learned the terrible truth; Darth Vader is in fact his father. The rebels are united with the rebel fleet. Now, along with other species and races including the Mon Calamari Rebel must make an all-or-nothing plan to destroy the Death Star before it ends. While Lando directs the space attack at the Millennium Falcon, the rebel heroes must disable the Star Storm generator on the Forest Moon in Endor. It is here that the rebels reach the furry, but Ewoks warriors. During the intense battle, a third battle must take place as Luke wants to deliver himself to Vader in an attempt to convince him to leave the Dark Side. In the emotional sequence Luke likes to face his father as the Emperor lures out his black emotions. As young Skywalker is about to face his death from Palpatine, Vader turns to his wicked master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> Complete with a deep timeless pit of good evil vs. Evil, "Back to the Jedi" is a spectacular, emotional emotional film that kicks off the good of all of us.
