When this movie was originally released he was encouraged with the most unimaginative slogan "Harry's hall is in it again". Whatever the layer of lack of originality is much more than compensated for by its complete and total accuracy. "Impact Impact" conserves all aspects that make Harry's three-room movies to succeed-rhythmic, a compelling draw, strong-ending characters, endless winters, and bone-circles. Some of these elements are not only duplicated, but amplified-this is the easiest, fastest, bloody, and most straight-wing wings of the franchise. The draw is a bit intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of hoodlums, Callahan inspectors sent on a "vacation" forced by his superiors to sleep in the city of San Paolo. He is charged with investigating the background of a recent homicide victim who was shot in the genitals before being put out of it (no doubt considerable) misery by a second shot of the head. Earlier in the movie, the audience announced the killer's identity - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who hunted down the gang-raping thugs and her sister in a pretty fun few years earlier. This incident is shown in a very disturbing flashback, cut into which repeat before each new murder. As more body begins to begin with the same M.O, it becomes clear Harry that both the local police chief and his new favorite interest (guess who?) Knows more than they say. To make matters even more complicated, the one-time violence realizes who hunts and begins to hit back hard. <br /> <br /> "Sudden Impact" offers unrelenting action from beginning to end. Clint Eastwood directed this film itself and expertly handles a series of set pieces that lead to a larger grimax. Sondra Locke's performance effectively translates the blend of unfidelity and vulnerability that defines his character. That being said, it's just wondering if another actress (who was not the Eastwood's off-screen boyfriend at the time) could have brought more charisma and dramatic weight to the roles - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd jump to yourself as possible candidates . Members cast in support that punched significantly higher than the beans include Albert Popwell as partner Harry Horace, Paul Drake as Mick's psychopathy, and really scream-stealing Audrie J. Neenan showing Parkinson's vicious greedy. <br /> However the film has some remarkable issues - some of the subplots (the animosity between Harry and a gang of hoodlum twentysomething, a vendetta Mob against it) takes too much screen time and does not really have any bearing in the story bigger. The only real uses are to increase body-count in absurd levels. In the first half of the film it sometimes appears that Room Harry throws people more often than it has to use the toilet. However the movie moves in head gear as it progresses with the cat-and-mouse triangle triangle between Callahan, Spencer, and his former tormentors to assume importance. This second hour makes it clear that a more stripped-down symphony with a little regret would give the potential "sudden impact" to be a first-class, neo noir-style thriller that would have taken the series at new levels still have more than enough .44 Magnum heroically meets Harry loyalists. Instead we find the movie that Eastwood and Warner Bros. was clearly wanted to do - an extreme repeatedly executed but prototypical action action that mainly refuses to particularly challenge the intelligence of its intended audience. <br /> <br /> This was by far the largest brossing of the series in the box-office and it's not hard to see why. Even though it's not the movie that he could, this is still great, trigger-happy fun. Even after looking repeatedly, it will make your day.
