In Don Siegel's 1971 "Harry Room" masterpiece, Clint Eastwood featured the super-hard, super-cool orthodox, no-nonsense movie cinema and his role in Harry Callahan's 'Insight' eponym. Two sequels followed, the first, "Magnum Force", to fight off the delightfully politically correct attitude of the first one that was outraged by critics, but enthused audience. The second end, the "Enforcer" was scratching again, and was encouraged as "Harry's dirtiest of them all." This title, however, truly belongs to the fourth film of the series, its own Clint Eastwood own "Impact Sudden", which is doubly the largest, nastiest, most violent and outright dirtiest of all Harry films, and, in the opinion Humble, the second - Take the original ruler. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! SPOILERS front! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) attracts the person alone with her. What these guys do not know is that mysterious beauty is the victim of the old rape, longing for blood vengeance. As the fate he wants, San Francisco's hardest captain, Inspector Room Harry Callahan, has stopped once again for his superiors, spending his leisure time in this precise small town ... "Sudden Impact" The film Callahan dirtiest in many aspects. The movie is very brave and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is roomy ever. Do not be afraid to use his 44 Magnum in order to stop problems, Harry treats 'punks' as they should be treated and even allow someone to get away with several killings because the kill-killers are justified in his opinion them. Clint Eastwood is, as always, brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood snapped snail and bad-assurance as "man with no name" of Sergio Leone's trilogy, and he did so again in the Harry Harry movie. "The tremendous impact" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. Eastwood's real life-loving girlfriend Sondra Locke fits perfectly into the role of vengeful beauty. The great Hingle patch, who has already worked with Eastwood in the hard-minded West "hold" em "Ted Post in 1986 plays the police chief in the small town. The film also includes a lot of scumbag characters really despicable, including a pathetic criminal play by Kevin Major Howard (best known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan) undoubtedly one of the characters The most disgusting and despicable girl ever in the movie Albert Popwell, who played robbery at the famous bank "Do You Feel Lucky?" The "Harry Potter" scene with the leader of the black militant of the "Enforcer" is also a part of this one again, this time as Harry's colleague and friend.An overall "Sudden Impact" is grittiest, dirtiest and probably most violent in all "filmed Harry" movie, (though the "dead pool" is not exactly tame either), and my second-favorite after the brilliant 1971 original. An absolute must-see for Callahan fans, and highly recommended to rate Ut lovers of police thrill and cinematic bad-insurance. Rating: 8.5 / 10
