Clint Eastwood would star again as Harry Callahan's fight-weary detective, but would also direct the fourth entry into the 'Harry Hall' series. 'Impact blow' again like other adds, brings its own distinguished style and tones, but if it's probably the most similar to the original at this darker time and sediment (with the distribution of a classic line "Go ahead." my day ") ?? but some of his humor had seen them believe. A bulldog ?? called meat that pisses and farts. Oh yeah. However an interesting fact that this entry was only one of the series does not have it set entirely in San Francisco. The story follows that of detective Callahan trying to put the pieces together in a killings where they were shot in the wool and then between the eyes. After receiving some problems with superiors office and causing a stir that has some unfortunate criminals after her blood. He ordered to leave leave, but he fell to a working place where he was led to a coastal town of San Paulo, where a murder occurred in the same way as in the vein (wool and eyes) in the case his. There he begins to dig up dirt, which leads to the idea of ​​a man seeking revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was not all that hot crash on Eastwood to take, but after many repeated views she normally grew on me to the point of probably being on par with the first end ' Magnum Force '. This scheme well assembled actually gives Eastwood another angle to work on (though it feels more like a sophisticated take on the vigilant features running rampant at that time), quite literally and something punishable, but luridly damaged. It's like having experienced noir-throbbing touches and features-driven features to help develop emotional bubbling and eventually morality of the foundation. Use it in the long-lasting images, due to its atmospheric slickly foreboding. Black tones, brooding lighting ?? like the scene towards the end of the analogue of some western confrontations in a silhouette figure (Harry and his new .4 automag advances) moving his way towards the beast stunned men on the fishing pier. It's a striking sight that builds fear! Mix the cold hauntingly with plain plains and the humor grip. It seemed to come in. A major and these films are the dialogues, while I would not call 'first-rate impact', it gives enough credit bite and memorable credit? "You're a legend in your own mind". Do not you just like to hear a great captivating fun, before pulling her piece. The kicking action when it comes to is exciting jarring and intense ?? The only way to go and the rhythm fly by and little by the way of flat passage. Lalo Schfrin would return as composer (after the 'Enforcer' had Jerry Fielding scoring) to bring a freely kick-off method, which always respected the gloomy signals in a brittle shooter note that appears from the go-to-Bruce Surtees (a regular Eastwood) came to work behind the camera (where he performed a piecing and Harry's room) and gave the movie a lot of beautifully framed backdrops on some impeccable follow-up scenes, but also an unjust instrument at that time dramatic. <br /> Eastwood as the Dinosaur Callahan always packs a punch, goes beyond just equally glowing to get the job done and probably shows a little more heartfelt than one would expect from a smaller Callahan. This will not be the sudden change of a turn scheme in Harry's quest for justice ?? not the badge though it does not always agree with it. I just found it odd ?? a real change in heart .. Across from him is a stupid performance by his beau at the time of Sondra Locke. Turn it into traumatic torment (being senselessly rape along with his younger sister), hiding from a quiet heat intensity. When the anger is released, it's accurate tactic of its results. Drake Paul is perfectly ominous and dirty as one of the targeted patients and Audrie J. Nenan nails down a performance of sucrose and big-lips. These people are really a lot ugly in sauces. Pat Hingle is solid as the Chief of the coastal town. At least the parties are Bradford Dillman and jubilant Albert Popwell (a regular in 1-4 series, but under different characters). How can you forget about Harry's room? yes he is robbing the bank at the end of the trademark quote "Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk?"
