This final entry into the movie star Lucas Lucas Star Wars is often regarded as the weakest of the many. However, this is not to say that it is a totally worthless entry in the series. On the contrary. Sure, it's not as groundbreaking as its predecessors and a bit slower-going at times, but returning to the GUADDY always offers a lot of guarantees the cost of admission. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film, where Luke and his friends save Han from the Jabba Hutt palace, is a classic. Jabba, a really disgusting blonde in the butcher's body that speaks in her own tongue, does not only make a big villain, but a memorable one, too. It must have been a nightmare to build this giant puppet, much less to give it the spark and life that we see on the finished product. Actually, what makes this fun sequel is the clever use of puppets for Jabba's various tribunals, including intimidation, slavering Rancor and scary Monster Sarlaac pit. He built his major mastery and pulled punches throughout the time. <br /> <br /> Things get a little slower around the second act, where Luke discovers that he and Leia are related to blood and when we travel through the Indoor planet jungle, home to the cuddlesome Ewoks again stalwart. Most of the complaints about RETURN in the JEDI that I have read seems to be centered on these furry animals, in that they somehow disrupt the tone of the legend. I do not fully agree with that, although this time is probably played out a bit longer than it should be. However, the leaders, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis) are a delightful creation of memorable, and watching how they handle imperial troop technology and simple weapons, natural giving a nice contrast. From the time we get to the third act, though, the speed is again selected, as we coach between the Battle of Ewoks against the troops, Lando and the Rebel Force launch an attack against all-new half-completed Death Star Star empires and the last confrontation with Luke and Darth Vader and the Emperor. The letter links with the Jabba Palace sequence as the highlight of the movie. His Hamill brand flexs his current chop once again as Luke Skywalker in the scenes, and watches him as a completely mature Jedi Knight to make for an unforgettable performance. Also, as icons like James Earl Jones' voice as Darth Vader is, he is rivaled only by the shriveled emperor, crown-like, played with delicious raspy, scary evil by Ian McDiarmid. The tension between this trio increases the level of stimulation of this climactic moment, which is dangerous to light and threatens to insist. <br /> <br /> STAR WARS movies have always set standards for special effects, and the technical work of returning to Jedi can easily hold a candle in front of it. The space fighting battles are as exhilarating as always, and the bicycle kick chasing through the jungle is a knockout. Of course, given that this film was made after a NEW HOPE and EMPIRE STRIKES back, it probably would not be so surprising that the special effects have reached an even greater level of excellence. The act is the classic STAR war; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher all mature and deeply in their roles, and Anthony Daniels provide most hilarious moments as C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda only appears in two scenes, but he does most of it. And yes, there are also John Williams music. <br /> <br /> All said, while returning to the GOED falters a little bit in the middle, the first acts and the third deliveries of style, make that a final rather satisfying one of the greatest ever sagas time. In 1997, George Lucas re-launched classic STAR wars in virtually restoring (and removing) "Special Editions", which were added to effects and / or shots as well as some improvements. In the three, return to the Jedi appeared to have caused the strongest and star wars. Perhaps it can be due to galling out of the place (albeit funny if you are not easy to run) "Jedi Rocks" music numbers in the Jabba Palace, which, although technically amazing, disrupt the flow of the movie. However, I did like the ending scenes scenes where we saw celebration victories made on the various planets in the galaxy. This DVD version features yet more tweaking - we get to see the final timeline scenes (alike about Naboo, where we hear what sounds like Jar Jar Binks screaming, "Wesa Free!"), And, of what is probably the most controversial change , Hayden Christensen as the spectator of Anakin Skywalker in the closed scenes. Probably because of the intense fans (and dishonest) deden has to work a bit unstable in EPISODE II: The clones of the clones it seems inevitable that fans would put this edition down for that alone. However, if you look at the legendary STAR legendary chronological (and gaze about it), the odds you can react a bit differently. However, it is a problem that the fans have risen, so it's probably most likely to have been warned in advance. <br /> As beautiful as it should have Lucas released the original versions of the three classic films, he constantly stands by what he said about these revenues being the "definite" editions of his classic trilogy, and, when watching the movie STAR Wars altogether as one complete legend (as Lucas intends), it actually makes sense to keep them technically and consistently consistent. The original films are still engraved in our memory, but these new incarnations are just as much fun, if one can give them a chance.
