Director / Star Clint Eastwood's "Impotence Impact" is an intriguing addition to the series "Harry's Room" - a combination of film-making and engineering. It's mediocre and funny in parts, glossy and classic of others, and compelling, keeping pace. There are many echoes of the first movie here - I shoot 'up my "scene" recall "Do you feel lucky" one, one of the villains is as vice-disciplinary as the first movie saga, an actor who played a baddie minor in the first one to return here as Harry's partner - just to name a few. Harry Callahan is always at odds with the highest-ups in the department, always to say, still difficult, but now it's older and files. His constant conflict with his superiors is a metaphor for his inner conflict - a respect and reverence for the law against a desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, of things not always being compatible. This "incompatibility" is the theme that is hidden in the series. The first movie poses a simple question, "What about the victim's right?" - (Are they outlawing those of the criminal? Vice versa? depends?). This movie response was controversial, prompting an endeavor (the Magnum Force's "very enjoyable") outline to draw the line between Harry's mark and justice, most vigilantly. Harry's room, as much of Clint's other role, is the personalization of revenge, the protection of the defense. This movie, however, brings it back to the victim, in this case Jennifer (described by Sondra Locke), who decided to avenge the rape in his current and current incapacity by ruthlessly hunting down and ritualistically executing guys (and one woman) committed the crime .. <br /> Without going to a play-by-play of the entire movie, I'll say this - I mentioned earlier that "Sudden Impact" echo movie The first - it actually also sends little reference and in-joke from the entire series (the confusion regarding the captain's name is an example - an intentional plot, I believe). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is her own - with our hero Naughty Cop to find a soul-mate in this vigilant lady? And is it vigilant or a victim of justice standing for him and his sister's sister right? The exchanges between these two to the very end of the movie are a poetic denomination of the series, one that I personally (as a fan) was well-moved. That last scene alone makes Sudden the biggest legitimate impact of the "Harry Hall" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict posed in the first movie. (Do not hit the "dead pool" - excellent film was a relatively light-hearted suspenseful funny comedy featuring Harry Callahan, rather than a character-defined movie like this one). Well in the theaters - audiences at the Reagan Era found Harry and his ilk well, and the President himself often quoted "Go ahead, do my day."
