It's a strange thing to see a movie where some scenes work rather weak (if only in comparison to other films in her legacy), and others in a 'sub-sketch' or story support are amazing provocative and strong. Often impact is one of those cases where Clint Eastwood as the star / producer / director shows when it may be at his best, or at his lender at times when dealing with a crime / mystery / detective history of fame Harry. We find that 'doing my line', and un-like in the first movie where it 'I feel lucky' speech was playful and cool the first time and a second time in the hard end as nail, here it's change around. He gets into another chambers with the department, as usual, when trying to fight his 'crimes', in particular with a diner flight (inspiration for Pulp Fiction?) With a high speed pursuit and a senior citizen bus them. He told them to 'take a vacation', and that's the last thing about himself. All this main scheme is not very compelling aside from the hope of the story and line, which just adds to the frustration. But soon her story merged with the sub-sketch that Eastwood developed from the start. <br /> Include Sandra Locke's character, Jennifer Spencer, whom we soon learn about some (accordingly) mysterious scenes that he and his sister's sister have been victimized by a cruel, unfair unruly injustice, and it is sleekly, infiltrating-like, getting revenge. His scene and stories are the most part of the film, most intense, and finally when he goes to Callahan's scenario (he's getting the city's reality even in a kill), the movie finally finds a concentration between Eastwood's classic form of clearly defining good vs evil (though sometimes troublesome, to be insured). Eastwood films recover, does not mean too much, expertly, in a cool, experimental style; The trademark Lalo Schifrin score is totally atmospheric in the scenes and in others. It almost seems like a couple of times a tender art-house was crept into Eastwood's storywood firm, which helps make the movie look. <br /> It's a shame, though, that in the end it goes much more for their mood (or maybe not expected), and until the third Callahan act does not have much to do except its usual smith ... Wesson. .. and me shtick. However, with Locke it gets out of it a very good performance (more subtle and touch than the one in the gantle) and an exciting point in an amusement park. In a way I do and disagree with Ebert's remarks that it's like a 'music video' in the Eastwood style here. I admit there is comparison with the simplicity of both, directly, but the scenes where Eastwood farm forms are superior to those of any music video. It's cheese, it's hard-to-do, it's not up to par with the first two 'Harry' photos, but hey, could get worse way to spend a couple hours with the master of the .44.
