After "Star Wars: A New Hope" to redefine science fiction, and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars", it is hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy can be managed to be as good as the other, but this one really does a nice job. The first part of the movie resolved the cliffhanger left by the previous one, with an elaborate escape plan that caught up with the incredible suspension and action of the first two films. Then the movie moves back to the rebel alliance and what's happening in the war. There are a lot of action in the scenes built up to the final confrontation of rebellion and the Emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of the chairs from everything that leads up to it, and this final battle is even more intense than that of the other films. The bigger this is definitely more dense and action than any other part of the trilogy, and the most of the stakes for rebellion. This is still changing between a land fight between the rebellious strike crew on land (including Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Leia), the raging rally in space (including Lando), and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new death of the Star, leading up to another duel with Darth Vader. It is really intense since the rebels are still seem to be losing the fight that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think that the Ewoo's idea of ​​spitting stormtroopers is somewhat far-reaching, it does not seem very unrealistic since they were more of a distraction that the rebels could use, rather than a real threat to the stormtroopers, although they There were some lucky battles. There is also a twist or two of the end that nobody has seen come, which may not be quite as stunning as that of the "Empires Hit Back", but still filling a very spectacular trilogy very well. With the light tone of "A New Hope" with the more sensitive tone of the "Hit The Return", this film really complements them by combining the two of this grand finale. Special editions for "returning to the Thursday" focus on what would have been nice to change, since not much of the original really needed it. Fifteen years of technology advancement did not seem to make up for fifteen years of deterioration as far as the rancor scene is concerned, and there is still the fighter out of tide occasional but other than it was good. Sarlaac's non-threatening mouths gave arm moving with a top-looking trap that was definitely added to the suspense. Also, the disco was taken out of Jabba's Palace, and the lame finish of the original was replaced by a major victory celebration spanning the entire galaxy, instead of just a small Ewok village, The case of the original and that did not really end up this story the great way it deserves. It's hard to say that in these three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the over-trilogy is like one big, outstanding film. A THIRD must-see for movie fans.
