The vigilante has long held a passion for hearing, as he recalls a quick sense, ensuring justice; Good triumph over evil and the bad guy gets its deserts. It is, in fact, one of the things that made the character of Harry Callahan's room (as played by Clint Eastwood) is so popular. He carries a badge and works in the law, but at heart, Harry is a vigilant, mastering his 'way of justice', which often puts him in conflict with his own superiors, as well as the criminals he's prosecuted. But it's what draws the audience; Anyone who has ever bogged down to bureaucratic nonsense in one kind or another, takes pleasure in seeing someone cut off the red tape and get on it - even though it's just on the screen. And that satisfaction comes from seeing justice done - and quickly - is one of the factors that makes `sudden impact, 'directed by and begins Eastwood, so successful. In this one, the fourth in the series, while working a homicide, Harry encounters a vulnerable goodbye to work - a person who has the mark of his own parallel parity, with an exception: Anyone who is, It's definitely not a badge. <br /> <br /> In his own inimitable way, Inspector Callahan has once again ended up on the wrong side of the department and has ordered them to take some time to vacation. So it does; as only Harry's room can be. In a small northern city of San Francisco, Harry finds himself smacking dumb in the midst of a homicide case, which he quickly links to a recent kill in San Francisco because of the unique M.O. employee by the perpetrator. Unreasonably, Harry encountered resistance from the local police chief, Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advised him to take his big city tactics and methods elsewhere. Not one must be discouraged, however, Harry continues his investigation, which ultimately involves a beautiful young artist Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovered a link between the victims; The burning question, though, is where Jennifer Spencer fit into the picture? Eastwood is in the top shape here, both in front and behind the camera, and is arguably the second best of the five-movie series, right behind the original 'Harry Room.' It has been seven years since the 'Harry' offer (`The Anforcer, '1976), but Eastwood steps back into the character and establishment with sturdy renewals. And this one is definitely beneficial to have him in the chair of the director, as he is able to recapture the essence, not only his own character, but who 'spirit' has made these movies for success, and he does it Do not know the territory and establish a continuity but all that delivers that difference for 7 years between # 3 and 4. Like all the films it directs, Eastwood sets a deliberate speed that works perfectly for this material and creates just enough tension to keep It is interesting and involved in the start to finish. <br /> <br /> The scenario, by Joseph Stinson, well written and the formulating different 'dirty Harry' style; The dialogue is little and the story itself (conceived by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most engaged since the original 'Harry Hall,' as he successfully initiated to play on the very personal aspects of drama , rather than entirely on the action. Characters are well drawn and convinced, and, of course, this is the movie that gave you one of Harry's best hit hit: 'Go ahead, make my day ...' Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly print all in elements that make this character so popular: He lives in a moral moral code, a true person who made the kind of things we are considering as those of the pioneers who established this country and made America what it is today a. Harry's personifies that the sense of freedom and justice we all strive for and keep so love, maybe more so today than ever before. No matter what we are or where we come from, there's definitely a part of us who wants to be Harry, or at least have it around. 'Harry's Room' is an icon of the movie, and it's impossible to envision anyone, but his Eastwood portrays; For best or worse, Eastwood `is Harry's room, without question, as Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is entirely effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, a young woman who is wrong and out for revenge, or as she sees it, 'justice.' He managed to bring a hard-side resilience to his character and vulnerability, with a compelling, introspective approach that is beyond the typical genre of action. Even among the violence, Locke kept focusing on Jennifer and the traumatic events that led him to this stage of his life. His portraits make a perfect complement to Harry Eastwood, and he becomes, in philosophy and deception, something of his counterpart. <br /> In supporting the role of performance stand out: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best `psycho 'since Andy Robinson's dynamic imagination in the serial killer in the original' Harry Room. 'With screen time actually very limited, Drake establishes a truly discouraging presence that is credible and convincing, which adds much to the purely responsive answer to the audience. This is the guy you can not wait to see Harry take care of the end. Also effective is Audrie J. Neenan, who makes his character, Ray Parkins, the exemplary of the `low life proverbial, 'which can be found at any low in any city. It's a performance that recalls a response to gut, and adds much to the credibility of the movie, in which it helps to give this sense of reality. <br /> <br /> The cast cast includes Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Ms. Kruger). With a perfect mix of drama and action, "Sudden Impact" dispenses justice that is a boost to reinforce from reality; The perfect justice in a not-so-perfect world, making for a satisfying cinemas experience. 9/10.
