Who says zombies can not convert to useful members of the community? Certainly not the singers of "Fido," who took us to a never-never-made version of the 1950s where the undead has returned to Butlers and the middle class middle class developers. Timmy Robinson is all-American boy who gets emotionally attached to new home full time at home - a resurrected zombie who Timmy was directly armed Fido. All of these were made possible by Zomcom, a large-brother-type organization that found a way to render the zombies (which originally led to "life" by radiation in outer space) managed and manageable - at least most of the time This turn, modern-day turn on the TV series "Lassie" - it might easily have been entitled "A boy and his zombie" - take swly satirical swipes of the pre-60s worries as obsessive social compliance ( here keep-up-and-the-Joneses mean more domestic zombies than next door), the sterility of suburban life, the corporate control of civic affairs, small city corruption and the value of nuclear families - all played out a very well-designed environment in house-colored parts with self-sustained gas. The movie does not hit the audience on the head and its message nor is it engaged in endless hyperbole to generate laughter. Instead, this is a low-flush, subtle little satire that elated chuckles appreciated rather than full-bellied guffaws. Many of the humor proceeds from the incongruity between the placidness of the environment and the rider attitude towards death demonstrated by the fine citizens of the community (Life Magazine was replaced with a Periodic death magazine titled). Despite some graphic violence, the film remained true to our innocent mind generally associated with the 1950s itself and cheese, the film low-budget films that were so part of the pop culture scene this decade. > <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are ami and appealing as Timmy's wide-eyed and clever-scary parents (and plentiful a little disaster), while Billy Connolly to accomplish the work well near the impossible to bring a great deal of humanity and depth into the role of a resurrected body. <br /> <br /> This is what "Lassie" might have been Timmy's best friend was afflicted.
