In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead", we are introduced to a London where the slackers and high-and-warriors are even forced to fight meat, reanimated body version of their friends and family. At the end of the movie, it suggests that zombies are rendering hazards and used as cheap jobs. "Fido" presents us with an epilogue of "Shaun" set in America in 1950, in a hilariously witty and original "ki-si ...?" movie. <br /> The post-zombie-Apocalypse is set to change; After the earthquake of zombie wars, it was completed by the creation of the ZomCon company and patented zombie patents that made the bodies as docile as lamb. Each city in the world is fenced in the wild zone, the once-fertile landscape tears over the zombies to survive and left-overs from the apocalyptic wars. The idyllic city of Willard is typical typical suburbia, your 50's primitive, and a little difference; Social status is measured by the family's amount of domestic zombies. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombie whatsoever, due to the Patriarch Bill, fearing the dead to be reanimated. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen both suffer from the pressures of suburban life, until the day Helen bought a domestic zombie in a desperate attempt to impress the neighbors. <br /> <br /> The zombie is touching Timmy's love when he delivers him from a violent violent pair, and the form of a rival classic classic "boy-and-dog" cliche. a boy and his zombie. Timmy appointed his "pet" Fido, and he soon became an aid for both Timmy and Helen to save Bill's practice-like routine to put them in. But when Fido's domestic collar goes on the fritz and he devours Mrs Henderson's senior, the Robinsons include connections to the wild wildlife epidemic and still managed to keep their beloved Fido. A film with sharp and saturated gore films brings it just as much as its all-stars cast (including the "Carrie-Anne Moss Matrix as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido)," Fido " is a zom-com for ages.With some rather braided subplots - for example, sweet feelings and anxieties that Helen and Fido begin for each other - with a striking impression on the suburbia 50 and genre of zombie, the movie manages to carry out The worst (and the better) of her character while still allowing you to take care of them. <br /> <br /> "Fido" is, by far, one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen , one of the best films I've seen in a long time, with the best zom-com since the incredible "Shaun of the Dead".
