In a 1950's, where an undeaded epidemic (caused by a mysterious 'dusty space') was used in the use of special electronics, a young Timmy, found a friend in Fido (Billy Connelly), the family recently bought domestic domestics. Fido quickly becomes a substitute father Timmy, whose real father is able to properly express his love for his son (or his hot-to-trot wife, played by gorgeous Carrie- Anne Moss) has been psychologically scarred as a child (when he was forced to shoot his own dad, who tried to eat him!). Timmy ran into a place of harassment, however, when his rooster crushed his peel off the bat, and attacked and killed an elderly neighbor. With the authorities on Fido's trail, embroidered issues with a pair of local bullies, and his mother formed a bail with their unwanted help, will Timmy be able to keep up with his new friends? <br /> <br /> A refreshing take on the whole zombie schtick, Fido is a very entertaining, delectable black comedy that should appeal to anyone with a slightly twisted sense of humor. Taking Romero's zombie verse and transplanting it in 1950's small town America is a stroke of genius, and the result is simply one of the most original films to attack all the 'revenge dead' theme that I've seen. Fido Connelly is a cinematic zombie worthy of inclusion in the Undead film hall of fame, along with Days of the Dead of Bub, and the Return of the Tarman Dead Living; It's not often I feel like being a corpse, but Big Yin's performance is so fine that I actually get myself rooting for the big blue bag of pies! The rest of the cast also provides laudable performance, with young K'Sun Ray (like Timmy) and Ms.Moss deserve special mention ?? Ray, because, for one so young, he puts in a particularly sure turn, and Moss because he's so bloody yummy! This is the third zombie movie that I was watching this week (others were somewhat irritating to the horror planet and the pleasure of flying pleasure in the living dead), and, to my surprise, it is also the best . Director Andrew Currie has given fans of genre something really original in treasure and it's a talent to look into the future. <br /> 8.5 out of 10 rounds up to 9 for IMDb.
