OK, I did not know what to expect when I saw the cover of Fido, honestly when I came across it in the video store I was tempted to rent this movie but nothing about it really grabbed my attention . But when I was looking around at Netflix, this advert was crazy if I loved "jump" scary movies, so I figured just to give it a shot. I'm so happy that I made her look, this was just a big movie, it was absolutely hilarious and so good to look. As I said, Pleasantville meets the night of the living dead, it's just a great concept, what happens after a zombie mega attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the deceased, have fun not to make the zombies left over as "handy" citizen. This is a very neglected film / movie comedy, I think a lot of people were just to blow away with Shaun the deceased that this got the boot. But it's a great story and the cast was perfect and made this just a really funny movie. <br /> In an alternate universe 1950 where radiation in space turned the dead of zombies. This radiation is still humanity mankind, as all those who die after the original contamination turn into the undead. In order to maintain normal living, communities are arranged with the help of a society called Zomcon. Zomcon provides chains and accompanies remote control to control the hunger zombies for meat so use them as slaves or servants. In Willard, a housewife, Helen, bought a zombie in spite of her husband's zombie fobi zombie. The sons, Timmy, befriends the zombie, naming him "Fido". One day Fido's necklace collapsed and killed next door, which became a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombified neighbor. When a pair of local bullies blamed for the missing neighbor, they took Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and rescues Timmy and Fido from their bullies and try to forget about everything. Several days later, they found the neighbor's body and killed in Fido, who took them to Zomcon where the public said it will be destroyed. Timmy learns of a friend that Fido is simply working at a factory in Zomcon. Timmy sets out to rescue her with the help of her neighbor and a zombie girlfriend in hoping to get Fido back. <br /> I really do highly recommend this movie if you get the chance to see it, it's so funny but a lot of fun. Billy Connelly did a good job as Fido and really carried, no pun intended, a lot of life in the character. I think the scene that made me laugh most was when Timmy was raging the old lady that Fido attacked and killed, his last words were so funny, "you were not really nice, but you liked Flower, so? "and put it in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor and the zombie girlfriend, sick, disturbing, evil, but laughing classic. I still love how though this is like quitting it in Beaver-eskive world type, there is still a lot of gurus in the movie. So if you have a chance to see Fido, take it, I promise some good laughs. <br /> 9/10
