As soon as I heard about this movie I knew I had to check it out. Well, I heard about it, then I found the trailer. And that's when I knew I had seen it. And I'm so happy I did. Do you want to see classic TV mixed with zombies? No? Then get lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen. Well, actually, it kind of is. It's kind of like a Lassie episode with a zombie movie. Even though it combines, it feels completely new and original. FIDO is about a boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Well this new pet has no squawking parakeet or some potty puppy trained. It's a re-animated dead guy ... a zombie. A cloud of radiation shining on Earth that led to all the rising dead, following the zombie wars. Though in the genius of Reinhold Giger, lead scientist at ZomCon, she discovered that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will perish, thus giving you the edge and the winning of zombie war. Though due to intense radiation, anyone dying gets a zombie. Which can be a problem especially with the elderly. Even if Zomcom steps up again with more advances, especially with Domestication Colliers. The collar stopped the zombie's need for human body and thus made it innocent as a pet. But not all is perfect in Utopia this zombie, crushed old man, and old man .... well I'll just let you watch this immersed unique movie. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a fantastic idea brought to fruition. With a whole star cast, and great FIDO writings rise above the genre of comedy / horror. There are plenty of funny and original situations that really have me entertained. Though after seeing the movie, I personally think that the movie would be the best of black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the film does not go for too long and move from the scene to a good success. It will probably end up being a cult-classic of type, since it's not really a loud comedy laugh or even a horror movie. It's a comedy / family / zombie film bathing in the 1950s vibe. If you thought anything I said here was interesting by all means check out this movie. But if you're still on the fence, swing your feet back and stay there. 8.5 out of 10
