When it comes to creating a universe George Lucas is the Context master and final Star Wars movie it is very, very good (and more rated in comparison to the previous films of the original legend). Having recently seen Revenge of the Sith really put this movie in perspective. The final battle seems even more climactic to know that Anakin Skywalker passed through the manipulative Emperor. She also made the final battle between Luke and Vader more bitter to consider her love felt for the pardon and love she felt for her children. Actually during the new films (especially Episode II) are inferior to the original films are good for a reason only. They make the old films seem even better. <br /> <br /> Mark Hamill performs an outstanding job in this movie. It really brings these changes Luke went to real looks. In all of justice I believe he should become a big actor based on the films because he really does a good job. Harrison Ford is always good. However, you may feel that he has been adventurous and runner blade in between the final withdrawal of Star Wars because it seems to have grown quite a bit. It adds more comedians (obviously inspired from adventurers) to the character that works brilliantly. In short Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher has never really been a good actress but she does a decent job and is certainly barbecue. Ian McDiarmid appeared in this film and saw episode III I can safely say he is one of the most accomplished bandits ever. James Earl Jones always gives voice to Vader and is still very, very good. In terms of how the movie seems to be very safe to say that the Star Wars universe looks better than in any of the previous (two) movies but that's still Lucas' fortune so that's really to be expected. The final fight on Endor is very well done in terms of the overall effects and the toughness of wisdom. It was also a nice touch that Lucas decided to have three battles taking place at the same time as it added to the overall tension at the highest point. <br /> <br /> The only thing I feel is dragging the movie down from an otherwise worthy 9 to the Ewoks. These little animals are so annoying they almost ruin each scene. Besides I find it to be a little kiddy when a group of teddy bears and bows and arrows can defeat a squadron of Storm Trouble with laser guns and warriors. br> <br /> All in all Back to Thursday is a very good movie but the fact that Richard Marquand is a less accomplished director than Irvin Kershner does the overall feel of the film is less than brilliant. Also George Lucas' stupid decision to add the Ewoks to the universe makes this movie fall short of shine. <br /> <br /> 8/10
