One year or so ago, I watched TV news when a story was broadcast on a zombie movie being filmed in my area. Since that time I've paid particular attention to this film called 'Fido' as she finished production and started playing in festivals. Two weeks ago Fido began to play in my local theater. And, just yesterday, I read a newspaper article that claims Fido does not attract audience to his limited release, with the exception of our local theater. In fact, here is beyond all the show The Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, this makes sense as many locals want to see the cities on screen or spot themselves roaming around in zombie make-up. And for any locals who have not seen Fido again, but to consider it, I can say there are so many images on screen, out of school in town park in banned areas, that you will recognize. In fact, Okanagan Valley looks beautiful. This beautiful scenery right in a zombie movie! However, Fido himself is a very good movie. Yes, despite its flaws, it is better then most of the 20 other films are playing in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie in which the collar was replaced by a member of the undead. This is a smart site. And the same movie goes further by taking advantage of the 1950's to emphasize onplaying and playing up the cold-war paranoia that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it builds on the notion that the zombies can be tamed or trained by George Romero first introduced on the Day of the Dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays a small town in the mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) longs for a zombie servant so she can be like all the other home wives on her block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is against the idea as he once killed his own 'zombie dad'. Eventually, the family finds a zombie called 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly), and adjusts to life with the undead. Billy Connolly has inspired casting. It is able to convey Fido's confusion, longing, hatred, and loyalty to his only eyes, crops, and grunts. Connolly shows that he can play discrete characters better than these incredibly funny. This is her best role since Ms. Brown. <br /> Fido follows the footsteps of other recent zomcoms like Shawn of the Dead and Zombie Bees. Being someone who appreciates Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae films more than Eli Roth and themselves, I prefer humor on Gore in my horror. However, I understand the criticism of these horror fans who feel there is not enough 'carnage instinct' in Fido. But I'm sure patient viewers will be rewarded by the humorous humor films. <br /> <br /> The movie breaks into its third act. It's as if the writers were so wrapped up in the beautiful citing of domestic zombies in the 1950s, they forgot about the history arch. However, given my interest in horror comedy and my appreciation to see the neighborhood on screen, I miss Fido 9 out of 10.
