I think the ultimate curse of going to the Toronto Film Festival is your release dates date time to get messed up. Quite frankly, I just liked Fido to pick up for U.S. distribution. In any case ... <br /> <br /> Ever see Shaun the deceased? Well. How about Lassie? Can reconcile to them? Well, if you can name you might be Andrew Currie, the Canadian helmer first ever-ever family comedy comedy of zombies, or zomedy. (Seriously, that's what the press book of Toronto calls it.) Even though not as violent, dry, or British as Shaun of the deceased, Fido remains true to its roots: a devotion of 50 old black and white TVs Includes both the Lassie and the sad sci-fi kaka pumped out during the period. Fido's headline talent (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker, and Tim Blake Nelson) stand as a testament to the brilliance of script. The film explores all the implications of its quotes: a world where the zombies were converted into domestically because of the sheer number of them due to a weird accident. What would you use your newest Undead servant for? Butler? Manual work? A Pet? Incapacity? Fido tackles all these possibilities in a sweet and amazingly stylish way, with many thanks to the work of Connelly (as one of said zombie) and young television actor K'Sun Ray, who looks at times to be a better young Eliya Wood last year's Eliya Wood was. <br /> If you are waiting for another Shaun of the deceased, do not waste your time. There is almost no gore and pokes in the genre to satisfy you and you'll just let the bitterned and depressed bitter. But if you want to take a look at what's happening Shaun the dead when it jumps across the lake, you're in for a treat. Think of the Fido as the tenderer, most often beating up Shaun's younger brother in the Dead Front rebels, and you're starting to get the drift. If you like (or at least tolerate) zombies, toddlers, and loads of satire demo, Fido's movie for you. If not the case .... well, you know the drill. Just hit the squares between the eyes.
