A long time ago, in a distant galaxy, far away ..... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original "Star Wars" movie was released. He does not remember to first view the movie, but he also does not remember his previous life. He recalls the first "Star Wars" gift gift he received ... a full shoe of action face from the original series. It was too young for all to appreciate how special this gift would be. But years later, he would find that day down as one of the best gifts he ever received: another box full of action figures, ten of the final twelve he needed to complete his collection. He is now legendary to this boy's family how the face of recent actions he needed, Anakin Skywalker, stopped being produced and brought to store, and how this boy went for about ten years (until he came in college) trying to track one down and finally bought it from someone on his dormitory floor for a bag of beer nuggets (by asking ... it's a Northern Illinois University stuff). <br /> I can not review "Star Wars" as a movie. It represents absolutely everything good, fun and magic on my childhood. There is no separate her to my mind from Christmases, birthdays, summer and winters growing. In the winter, my friends and I would build strong snow and pretend we were on Hoth (I was always Han Solo). My friend's father built them a tree-tree tree tree, and served as the city of Ewok. They also had a big pine tree whose bottom branches were high enough to create a sort of cave beneath it, and this made a great place to pretend we were at Yoda's home. I am without dorky when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people either just understand that or they do not. I did not find the appeal of the "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek", but I understand the rabid animals of the followers who follow them because I'm a nasty fan of George Lucas's film. Feels no need to defend my views of these films as some of the greatest of all time. Whenever I put them in the DVD player, I feel like I'm eight years old, when life was simple and the biggest problem I had figured out how I went to track down an Anakin Skywalker figure. <BR> <br /> Class (for the entire trilogy): A +
