If you love horror movies and lots of blood and gore, tons of jumping-scary and relentless moments, scrambling scenes of aching death, then look elsewhere. If you love quiet, Moody, sorrowfully think of the costly price aside for a genuine sentiment of fear, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Forgive, stress George, his psychoanalyst Kim Kim and the Young Miles are coming out of the snowy country for a weekend vacation away from the city. On the way up, George hit an evil with his car. The hunters who chased the deer were unhappy when they found out that George had finished chasing them. In particular, disturb hunters Otis took it personally. She follows the family of vacation homes, making sure to see her. It spy on George and Kim as they have sex. He fire in the windows with his rifle when they are not home, let them discover the ominous holes in windows and walls when they return. When Kim takes Miles to the pharmacy in town, Miles attracts a small sculpture in a case of exposure, carving looks like a man and the head of an evil. A Native American man tells Miles that this is Wendigo, a spirit in the woods that has a body taste and is still hungry. Miles takes the face home with him, already haunted by death of the deer the day before. When afternoon, when he and his father go dog, George shot and Miles chase in the woods by an animal glimpsed barely ... or is it just in shock, and imagine the whole thing? Hours later, George is running in the hospital with Miles, always clinging to his statue, either faints, dreams or goes on a vision quest, in which the Wendigo returns. This time, the angry, God-eat meat - party, pig party and party people - is hunting for Otis, who finally went on the edge. Wendigo is a very well-made film, almost totally silent but for the winds screaming of the snow-covered trees. Well, so the monster itself is kind of fakey-looking, but it's a small flaw, much more than made up by the genuine feeling of tension and fear that ramps off all frames of the movie, and the weird series of the silence, snowy land. Their performance is great, particularly by Jake Weber as George Moody and reflects with Patricia Clarkson as a sweet wife but has no-history. They are a happy couple and share them in common issues, and it's the strength of their relationship with their love for each other that makes this movie powerful. Watching this movie often likes a video video, so realism is their performance. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. A lot of people can find themselves totally bored, waiting for the scary Lovecraftian creature and vengeance without ever coming. We can never really be sure if the Wendigo even exists, so it's in the eyes of a tender child and also later in the eyes of a fool. This is more a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it has more than enough climb elements in it to satisfy fans of subtle horrors.
