Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and Son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) were directed to the country for the weekend's rescue weekend from Manhattan's busiest metropolis. On the way, they hit a buck and end up in the snow. A group of hunter who followed the buck came together. Rather than helping, at least one hunter, Otis (John Speredakos) is upset because the accident split the cows into the buck. George, Kim and Miles are being disturbed by Otis, and even worse, we quickly learn that Otis has learned where they will stay. Meanwhile, Miles provided a Wendigo (a kind of American form-shifting spirit / monster) by an American person whom he only saw. Is Otis a psycho from finding our hero? Are there wendigos in the woods? <br /> I can see where Wendigo would have a number of issues appealing to viewers. It is a fairly low-cost film, with limited technical limitations. Many of the movie, and perhaps all of it, is not really about the beast titled. And perhaps the fatal blow for many, it has a very clear finish, and a number of questions left unanswered. If you are discouraged by such ending, and you do not like films that have a purpose to make you think about and discuss what things mean, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> Personally, I like this movie. I usually prefer some ambiguity. Wendigo's marketing is geared towards those who want a quick, awesome creature cops, where they would expect a grand battle with some supernatural monsters that are beaten by the end, and everything is tidy neatly except for an opening for Wendigo 2: Return to monster, but that's not what this movie is. Wendigo is more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such a flick of animal films would suggest to most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, reciting Robert Frost. The Frost Poem, with George's commentary that Frost can censor complex imagery and atmosphere from the seemingly simple things, is the key to the movie. One of the best things about the movie is its complexity. In one way, there are four different films that occur at the same time, a thread from each character. In George's yard, it is not exactly the ugly guy or the most beautiful in the world, and he has some parents problems. For him, the movie is a realistic, horrible descendant of his life going from bad to worse. In Patricia's filth, he was looking for rejuvenation in his life and his family. He is a psychologist especially refusing to issue around him, hoping to go and get better. In Otis' thread, it is even more down on his chances than George, and reaching the George in his life symbolizes the final "crack" of his psychological weapon. And in Miles' films, which is probably the most important of the movie, life is like a grand poem due to its youthful innocence and interpretation in the world. But this is a horror story, after all, albeit one with a glimmer of hope, and the events of the movie give poetic Miles' interpretation a dark turn. Still, when everything was said and done, it seems to be the only one to keep it tight, due to the poetic outlook. Though the film is low budget, there are a lot of well executed higher budget ambitions. Fessenden and director of photography Terry Stacey find some great shots in beautiful places, and create some interesting slip shows like montage (like the maps, or the Wendigo Indians image from the book). There are also interesting more traditional mountings, such as Miles' Nightmare. Wendigo is the best shot and edited than many big budget films. Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The "Wendigo" appearance at the end worked for me and was appropriately ambiguous. The lighting was usually good - there were a few times the dark scenes were not as clear as they could, but it seemed to be more of a problem with the film stock (it could have been digital instead) or transferred. I thought their performance was good and far more realistic (if you appreciate that) than the majority of films. Although I did not really notice the note, it was okay, or I would notice it with a negative judgment. In general, Wendigo is a very good movie that deserves to be cautious, as long as you do not mind thinking about the movies you watch.
