It was an exciting doubles experience. For some reason most scientific ideas in the 20th century have never been the central figure in a movie *. Closer I can think about how film and Einstein's are CHAMPAIGN for CAESAR, where (like a "former ma-chine" deus) the great person hears clarify a point on a radio show show, so Ronald Colman is proving to them has given the correct answer after all, and in BULLSHOT where Albert's great place is one of a dozen leading physicists and scientists with drugs and cannabis by the villain, intent on stealing some cars at theirs. It is remarkable that in both cases, and in IQ, we are dealing with comedies. So nobody attempted to make a serious movie about the life of Einstein, as John Huston's attempt made one on FREUD and Montgomery Cliff. I guess it's just too hard to find the world in the mathematical equation or the secrets of electro-magnetic field theory in exciting dialogue. But then, just three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer did a wonderful MIND. Maybe nobody tried. <br /> (And after writing this, I remembered the successful comedy YOUNG EINSTEIN and Yahoo seriously about ten years ago. But this is an exception and it was a parody.) <br >> < The other surprise was the actor playing Albert the Great. It was Walter Matthau, here taken away from the series of films he made with Jack Lemmon in the last decade of their career. Matthew was a very capable and gifty character, in both comedy and drama, but his comic personality was variants of his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich from COOKIE in FORTUNE. They were connivers and gonifs. And these would crumble the propensities because we grew up in their love, but they remained kind of grumpy. But Albert Einstein made him sweet. More like Kotch it passes like Willie Clarke. <br /> She plays Albert as Albert old uncle. It seems that Einstein Matthau is living in Princeton and her niece Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan), and she sees a stingray professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repairs, and takes it to the auto shop where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins dropped for Ryan, who attracted him - but found that he lacked the mental equipment he admired. Good old Albert, assisted by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher, and Gene Saks) decided to provide assistance to Robbins and make him a physical genius apparently unknown. This will open the doors of romance between him and Ryan, giving Ryan impress and Fry does not spoil things (as expected). The atmosphere is sweet, as when Matthau and his chums tie up a super physical test that they help Robbins cheat on (do not have to change the positions of their body). The plot eventually led to the alleged lie that the brilliant Robbins had built an atomic rocket boating ship that brought in the country's interests in the face of President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). It was a good comedy, with an exciting stretch for Matthau that he was not as hyper as normal, but far more submissive.
