Yes, you read that right, children. Michael Bay should have studied this film before performing either in its hyped, overlong, over-the-counter "transformer" movie. "Robo Jox" is better than both of them and probably costs less than the "Transformers" crew passed on to Megan Fox's coaching staff. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this little gem robot, initially known primarily for being the movie that bankrupt Charles and the Empire Pictures Empire Empire, seems to have developed a cult follow-up over the years. I sincerely remember watching her on VHS during its initial release video in the early 90s and though some of the Wars-Time-era / stereotypes policy were already out of date by this time (just the Lucky Groups' that communism would fall while the movie was sitting on a rack waiting to be released, eh?), it's still a pretty damn cool little B-movie. They really do not like'em like this anymore, or if they do, they go the way Bay and CGI things unbearable proportions. <br /> For those who are familiar, here's the Robot-Effect: We're somewhere in the future and after a burning nuclear, large scale "wars" have been outlawed. Discussions between nations are now establishing mano-to-mano (or perhaps machine-o-car-o) by one representative from each side to fight each other in the great-sized Shogun Warrior style robot. Whatever 'beauty walking away the battle wins for her "side". Gary Graham (who later went to play Sykes Detective in the "Foreign Nation" series), playing "Achilles," Jock's greatest Jock robot in the Marketplace (good men's) stories. Achilles has been ensafated in his previous nine bouts of robots (the maximum number of battles before a "Jock" is retired) and at the beginning of the film he faces his counterpart from the "Confederation" (this means the Russkies!), the psychotic Alexander (which is more than the head of "malicious Russian" stereotypes bad guys since Dolph Lundgren's twisted turn as Ivan Drago of "Rocky IV"). The match is called a draw when Alexander violates the rules with a malicious illegal robot at the last minute and ends up not only nasty Achilles, but kills a whole bunch of viewers in the bargain. A rematch is scheduled to end the bout, but Achilles simply wants to bend out, hang his helmet and move on with his life. Instead of raping the Spoiler Regulations by revealing so much more, I'll simply say that there is a great deal of twisting and turning, behind the scene scullduggery, and other difficulties for Achilles and his fellow "Jox" before the ultimate robot titanium conflict finally Once again in the final. <br /> I hope I do not make this film out there some sort of science fiction master, because it's not. "Robo Jox" is just plain fun. I'll assume that it is a bit higher-concept than your average B-grade Sci-Fi film, and even though the budget constraints do periodically make themselves known (especially in the scenes involving some really green screen screens screen), it is still the best ever movie ever from the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. Fight fighting scenes are very well done using old school / movement patterns, and sets them with costumes by looking at half-steel at the slightest. Empire Photograph and Director of Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon was definitely shot for the stars and this picture. Unfortunately it was not quite pan out for them (or the studio) but at least we got one heckuva fresh movie small out of the deal. Bottom line: if you want them aurally and visually attack for 2 + hours, feel free to rent a movie "Transformers". At the end you are likely to feel like you've spent all this time watching someone else playing a video game. If you want to have a rock'em, robot sock'em good time, pick up Jox robots instead.
