The "Matador" is a black comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an aging hit man who befriends a straight-arrows arrow, happily marrying American businessman (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although the sardonic Julian (ironically named "Noble") appears to be a "tough guy" on the surface, it is really just a mass of neurosis and insecurity, a man who realizes that his chosen profession has left him virtually alone it's the world and friends. So, on his birthday, he came from Danny, a man who lived his life playing in the rules and became weirdly intrigued by Julian's "original" life. In fact, both men get into each other's they can never but want to be able to come to their toll, franker moments of self-evaluation. Although the film is a bit too reminiscent of "Analyzing This" and "Midnight Run" to feel completely fresh and original, "The Matador," nevertheless, earns points for the complexity of its character and the quality of its acting. Brosnan, old and almost used up, sinks his teeth into the role of Julian in a way he never had before. Playing a man who looks constitutionally unable to make a serious connection with another person, Brosnan is flipping and riding one moment, then genuine and sympathetic to the next. It always keeps us in balance so that the humor never becomes cone or stale. Kinnear is also excellent as the Regular Registrar Joe that finds herself pulling more at the Dark Side as her relationship with Julian's thoroughfare. Hope Davis does a good job as "Bean," Danny is loyal and loves his wife, like her husband, finds herself intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" face from a far different world of what she knows. /> Sometimes, we find ourselves feeling that the "Matador" holds something back to us, not quite plunging the depths of its situation and citing. At the end it feels a little too light, a little too inimitable to register the impact it should be. This could be because this is the first feature feature for writer / director Richard Shephard, and he has not properly gotten his movie going down again. Still, one appreciates the fact that it does not always go so obvious and that it keeps tightly focused on the two main figures of the piece, rarely solved for the frustration or easy setup. <br /> The 'Matador' is a comedy but fun but generally entertaining that will, hopefully, signal a new phase of Brosnan acting career.
