Favorable Fassbinder most productive producer of his talent to identify and disassemble a lokus of suffering in long time, mobile taking that somehow also acts as social incompetence; Here, it's more open, since the story takes place in war-worn Germany at the end of WWII, and the central character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who capitalized on vulnerabilities (both economic and sex related) Catapult head up the ladder in an important textile body. which makes coveted goods like lederhosen available to lone workers (as it once was). Married among attacks when the allies, Maria and her husband Herrmann heritage allowed a brief bee before she was embedded in the Russian front. In her absence, her despair is great: she spends most days at the train station, waiting for her to return. When she was reported dead, she suddenly stopped grief and took a job as a bald / whore in a brothel cavern in the American GI. <br /> <br /> When it comes back, things get plenty of room, such as circumstance (and its essence of self-sacrifice self-sacrifice) conspire to keep them apart. The message is M.O. Carbide a. Writing great: 'Love is colder than death,' but not only Maria who is struggling with her own sanitation and a largely incapable husband to love her, but a land in a river valley with no light discovered at the end the tunnel. Fassbinder makes some kind of statement about Germany's post wars sold out of the highest bidder, but as with all its films, I tend to block these elements out and focus on the unbearable passions of Fassbinder's display as evoked in his character ; his actors as filtering in real-life connections with Fassbinder. Together, its films can be either unbearable or indescribably mesmeric, often at once; This falls somewhere in between, although definitely closer to the latter. While I did not like it quite as much as the bitter tears of Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher, Maria Braun certainly has a bigger and larger subject, I could feel her passion and authentic human emotions details.
