The wedding of Maria Braun (MMB) is about a German girl (Maria) married to a German soldier (Herman Braun) until the end of the war. After being married for half a day and one night, Herman is sent forward again. To make ends meet, Maria starts working in a bar for mostly American soldiers and getting to know a black soldier. He received the words that Herman died in the front, and things developed between him and the American soldier. Herman walks in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria kills the American. Herman admitted to the murder, ended up in jail and Maria promised to wait. The country is in the button; someone sees people leaving everything they are busy with for a cigarette. There is lack of food. It is in short, a time of the proper survival. <br /> <br /> Basically this project Maria's mood film - these attitudes allow herself to underline the circumstances, such as a metaphor for Germany's loss of soul after losing the war, and how it continues to rebuild his head. For example, Maria has this conversation with a peddler (played by Fassbinder himself); The peddler is trying to sell it an excellent copy of Kleist and it remarks that "Kleist burns out quickly, it does not provide enough heat for the cold". The peddler replied, "It's another way to look at it. Now it's probably the correct way." Maria finds a French / German businessman, Karl Oswald after he promoted his way to the first train gold class. She decides to get involved with Karl, "You do not have a deal with me; I have an affair with you." It also takes responsibility of the company, and after a while has the full confidence in the firm. When Karl says "I suppose we'll just have to wait for a miracle" he responds "I prefer to perform miracles then wait for them." In his own words, he became "Mata Hari of the Economic Miracle". In a lot of Fassbinder films he tried to expose the psychological processes that lie behind social mechanisms (see Freud); In other words, he likes to show his camera in the bullsh * t, the fake social mechanisms, pretending. The direct approach Maria takes in this film is successfully transmitted this ideology. For example, it's Karl phone and when it takes the phone's request it's straight to point "I need someone to sleep with". As Fassbinder said "the emotions people felt did not exist at all and were just a kind of sentimentality that we thought we needed to be functioning members of society." He also notes that his film is anti emotional. I particularly love the scene when Karl and Maria meet in the Munich restaurant (apparently, often visited by Hitler himself). Maria appears in control with Karl a bit on the side down, as if Maria's 'brutal honesty' brings her out, as if it's not completely up to the situation anymore. Karl says "I must tell myself about and what I love life". Mary replied, "This life is not it ... As we sign a contract to enjoy life .. then we go out to eat and talk about food." I guess this is also about Fassbinder's attitude toward relationships, never submitted to anyone. And why would you, if the central affairs of most of its films are about "What Love Comes Into This Society ?? a commodity, an instrument of power, a weapon." She remarked that she is typical Fassbinder has the scenes with Maria and Betti walking in expensive dresses in the ruins after the war - and these clothes are essentially the wrong period. What I think he wants to show here are those attitudes when you feel bad, that "you can always put on you make up and face the big day". But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any errors made in a movie could just be corrected in the next project. Since it has filmed films (about 4 years a year) the other way people roll cigarettes, it's not peculiar that this movie has some pretty bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who writes most of the script, mentions that Fassbinder is likely to dream up the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park, overnight. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is brighter like Maria. Mostly, it just stares brightly in the camera. In Maria's own words, "It's a bad time for emotions, but I like it like that." <br /> <br /> There are different views on the end. After Karl died in a tough attack, Herman finally showed up. (Herman left for Australia after he was released from prison, to "become human again.") After the deal was delivered (made out of it with Herman in half), Maria forgot to turn off the gas on the stove when he light cigarettes he, and blow it with Herman up. For me it's obvious that it just did not crash. At the same time, he must be rattled when his dream finally resembles fulfilled. It must have been felt as if it had not been herself anymore. He felt as if he had overwhelmed himself.
