'Praga Student' is an early dramatic-long drama or, rather, it is an "autorenfilm" (is a movie author). This film is a member of a movement of many movements that tried to lend to the movies, or just make a profit, not to adapt literature or theater to the screen. Fortunately, the story of this book and moving pictures is good. Using the Alfred de Musset poem and a story by Edgar Allen Poe, it focuses on the doppelgänger theme. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most cinemas this film gets the double exposure effects of Paul Wegener appear twice in the scene. Guido Seeber was a special wizard for his day, but it's not very good at positioning the camera or moving it. Leon Leon Leon (printed in "Early Cinema: Space, Boards, Narrative"), however, made an interesting analysis of this movie using framed amplifies the dual theme: the characters were cracked by the left / right, too pre / far and front / diagonal frames of characters and shots. Regardless, the film mainly consists of extending long shots from a fixed position, which is noticeably pristine. Worse is the lack of correction; There are very few scenes and laten scenes. None of this is unusual for 1913, but there were more advanced films in this respect around the same time, including the best parties of 'Atlantis' (August Blom, 1913), 'Twilight of a Woman Woman' ( Yevgeni Bauer, 1913) and the short films of DW Griffith. <br /> An enlarged universal vocabulary by 1926 would allow for a truly superior rumor. In addition, the notice has a reason for the character Lyduschka, other than being an occasional troublemaker and peculiar substitute. Here, the Gypsy obscenely acts couch around, seemingly, with a dress of invisibility. I know the world is silent for me, but I suppose, and the lips are moving with these, that the world would not be silent, so how Lyduschka can be on the shoulders of others and should not notice? /> But this is one of the most exciting films early concepts. Wegener, which seems to have been the main idea behind this movie, in addition to playing the lead, would later play the title role with the co-direct 'Golem' in 1920 - to help more inaugurate Thread in the German movie ninth movie silently (Note: The first version I saw was about an hour long (surely not quite completed) and was in poor condition, and face laundering at times and so .. I'm not sure who was my distributor since seeing the Alpha DVD, which, in 41 minutes, missing the footage of the aforementioned print and also has less and very different four titles, but is visually not as bad.The repetitive score is best muted, though .)
