One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was without a German skepticism, the very atmospheric style of making films developed during the 20s in Berlin. Classic films such as "Dr Caligari's cabinet." (1920) and "Nosferatu, A Symphony of Grayness" (1922) were the most popular direct results of this movement, and while the movement had no long life, its enormous influence on movies could still feel today, especially in the horror genre. One of the key figures in this style would be the director of Paul Wegener, director of the 1920's "Der Golem, as Er in the World of Kam", as in his debut as a cinema, seven years before doing so classic, he has already experienced and the movie expressionism. Early prototype of German expressionism was gone, another horror movie: "Der Student in Prague". The history of Prague ("Student in Prague") is the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a reputable student of being the best fenzer in Prague, but still finding himself in financial problems. One day, Balduin delivers the wonderful Greek Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in a lake after his horse is released by accident. Balduin immediately fell in love with her and tried to see her again, but quickly she discovered that she will have to compete with her wealthy cousin, Count Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry her. Knowing that he can not offer it much, Baldwin wants to be rich, and this is where a magician named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) enters the scene. Scapinelli offers Balduin infinite wealth in exchange at whatever he finds in his room. Baldwin accepts the proposal, only to discover the horror that Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. Loosely inspired by the short story of Edgar Allan Poe's "William Wilson" and the classic legendary "Faust" story of "Der Student Von Prag" was conceived by German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a master of horror literature and one of the writers first to consider scriptwrite as valid as any other form of literature. Writing in a time where movies in Germany have always been developed as a form of art, "Der Student Von Prag" shows a real desire to actually use movies telling a story to develop beyond a camera trick or a series of scenes. Like most of the scriptwrers in his time, Ewers Scenario is still very influenced by the theater, although "Der Student Von Prag" begins to move away from this style. While a poor one on developing his character (especially on the characters supported), Ewers managed to create an interesting and complex protagonist of the person in Balduin. While "The Student From Prague" was Paul Wegener's first and second film Stellen Rage as a movie maker, it is clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what movies can do when done well. Given the great use of movies in Guido Seeber, two filmmakers create a gothic atmosphere that forecasts the German filmmakers in decades. Wegener would learn a great deal of techniques he would employ in his "Golem" series in Seeber and Rye. Although there are so many limited resources, Rage and Wegener manage to create an amazing and very compelling (for its time) visual effects for Balduin's performances and reflections (also played by Wegener). Already a stage actor who has experienced at the time of making this movie, Wegener directs the great cast and talent and also tries to move away from the stagy style of previous filmmakers. As Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best of the movie. He certainly helps that his character is one of only fully developed by the writer, but one can not deny that Wegener was very good in his role as the poor student who lost more than his mirror reflection in that deal. John Gottowt plays the disaster Scapinelli and mysterious Aura that suits the character as a glove. Some are told about Scapinelli in the movie, but Gottowt makes sure to let us know that it is a force to be feared. The rest of the main cast less likely, and Grete Berger being pretty much average as Countit Margit, and Lothar Körner made a poor Count Von Schwarzenberg. However, it must be said that Lyda Salmonova was very good at his expressive character and Fritz Weidemann made an excellent Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity that Lörner's character should have made. <br /> <br /> Considering the films that have been made in the years of other countries and the fact that its renewal (made 13 years after this film) is superior in every possible way, It is not difficult to understand why "Der Von Von Prag" has not stopped the test of time as well as other early film. The main problem of the film is definitely its very low budget, as it's in the movie being considerably shorter than that Ewers story needs to be fully developed. This makes the plot feel a bit too vague at times, or even incomplete, as if there was something missing in the narrative (of course, there's also the possibility that the existing print is really incomplete). However, "Der Student Von Prag" is a very interesting early attempt at a complex story of horror and suspense from the film, while inferior to what other filmmakers did at the moment, leaving a powerful impression of history. <br /> <As the direct director of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the enormous importance of "Der Student Von Prag" in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of the general cinema. It can look dated even for its time, but considering the resources limited to its director, it's really better than most films in that era. As the film that began Paul Wegener's career, with the German expressionism, "Der Schüler in Prag" is a must see for everyone who is interested in this film slit film. 7/10
