1927, and Hollywood was on the map as the center of the Cinematic Center for a little over a decade. Now that it has become the site of a multi-million dollar industry and the integrated studio studio system has been established, some of the people in the calm quarters of this film make the factories take time for a little reflection of your own . The Last Commandment, while its heart can be the classic story of a once prestigious man falls on hard times, the story frames of a weak look at how unceremoniously recreate movies, and how its production process can be gracious to human . It was written by Lajos Biro, who was on the scene long enough to know. <br /> <br /> When you smile scene is a man who was at the time among Hollywood's most celebrated immigrants? Emil Jannings. Prior to joining the United States Jannings worked primarily in comedy, they were a master of the army performance again hilariously well-timed, often as figures firefighters or doddering old-pigeons. He made his entry into the Last Commandment as the latter, and at first it seems that if this is to be another of Jannings-chomping scenery scenery. However, as the story progresses the actor gets to demonstrate his series, showing not delicate delicate delicate, serene dignity and eventually awesome power and the ultimate presence. He never stopped being a blizzard exaggeration (the German tradition did not know anything of subtlety), but he kept our attention and absolute control over all aspects of his performance. <br /> <br /> The principal was another immigrant, albeit one that was around Hollywood a bit longer and there was no background in the European film industry. But Joseph von Sternberg cultivated for himself the image of the theatrical artist and the Powerless Cinema Meister ("The Worm" made up, by the way), it takes a very different approach to the craft. In the note of this photo is touching him at speed and tone, a great example being the first in the Russian flashback scene. We opened with a mess and constructed chaos and movements in directional conversion, which our audience becomes part of as the camera pulls back and extract the grip through the screen. Then, when Jannings arrive, everything remains. Jannings's performance is incredibly sedate and measured, and when the players around it begin to ice this effect is as if its only presence has restored order. Sternberg appears to show an annoyance for violence, allowing the grimmest moments to take place on screen, and yet appearing with a flow of images that are almost poetic. In fact, it really seems to be an all-round lack of interest in action. At Sternberg's rebel scene, captivating a goal and purpose, his camera eventually retreated to a wall-to-wall position. Comparing this to the scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, a complex medley of point-of-view shots and intense close-ups, pushes us right into the middle of their interactions. Personality in series, it would seem that Sternberg was very much like the director of cold and ruthlessly playing on the screen by William Powell, and in reality the paintings Powell is probably something of a deliberate parody that even Sternberg himself would have been in. Unfortunately, this tough attitude did not make it an easy man to work with, and coupled with his focus on his technical resources about its people, the smaller performances of his photographs left a little to be desired. While Jannings shows hamming classification in Charles Laughton's fashion that dramatically works, it appears no one has said the co-stars were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is fairly good, giving you some good emoticons, but overplaying it here and there. The only performance that comes close to Jannings is that of Powell himself. It is a little odd to see the star virtually amiable in the thin Man and the Great Ziegfeld playing a sharp and humorless figure, like a Ninotchka boy, but doing a great job, revealing an intense emotional intensity under the hard- hearted. <br /> <br /> The Last Command can be easily ruffled into a few pens of studio workstations, as tends to happen with any disparaging trading on the movie-making process, even a relatively tame example like this. At the very least, I believe that many studio stars were upset at the "behind-the-scenes" view, as it threatened the film-making mystique that was still very much alive at this point. As it turned out, these were the impact of the picture that Jannings won the first Award award award for best actors, as well as an excellent best nomination for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the problem is a bit little wave) a nomination for best photos. This is significant, since the Academy was a small institution at this time and the first awards were more than ever a bit of self-indulgent back-slapping by the Hollywood elite. But elite or not, they recognize the good materials when they saw it, and they wanted to reward it.
