The Zatoichi Outlaw was the first film made by his own company (Shintaro Katsu) to own production, this is perhaps why this is a slightly smaller one in the series, though it is by no means weak overall. He says in our heroes will come across two villages, rival patrons and a mysterious roning to help the poor and this set up turn a tragedy story, violence and no little interest, all serving up with lashings The alleged inspiration but inspiring is one of the commercial brands. It's a predictable justice scheme and it's my unchecked fashion, but it's code and style and it's interesting. The useful rabbit for example is a revolutionary, unreliable revolutionary, troubling the order established without painting as a really likable or heroic figure, Zatoichi himself makes one or two errors and causes harm by his actions, also the system of combustion exploitation of the OS of the poor. It is a harsh world, with one or two more gentle pastures expected in the fight, though things are not as rousing as they could. Shintaro Katsu turns into a typical bravura performance as Zatoichi, mixing wisdom, deadly and worldly skills with a subtle sense of vulnerability, while also solid work from Rentarô Mikuni and an effectively baleful Nosyimura (later appear as Superior Katsu's "Snake" Magobei of trilogy in Hanzo) as the two main bosses of the movie. There is also a good emotional turning out of Yuko Hamada as a poor woman. The movie loses out of unstable rhythms and a well-constructed sequence of events, there is at least a little jump jumping bust and the power of the draw becomes a little lost, ie when things heat up in the movie end It's not as interesting as it could, emotional impact is also lost. The action or scene of Zatoichi using his spirit skills is well occupied by Satsuo Yamamoto director, though some of the gambling is less interesting and the film builds up in a way of work rather than really inspiring, without the characters alive or vigorously in some installments. Still, I enjoyed this one, it has its flaws and is not one of the best in the series but it still packs a sweetly sweet meets in entertainment, a good story with decent doses of the ingenious and original Zahoichi trademark fresh. Recommended for fans of the series, with a reasonable entry point, stylish thing though not a big true.
