This is one of the oddest films in the Zatôichi series due to its very unusual rhythm and the role of Ichi playing in the movie. Interestingly enough, this was the first Zatôichi film made by Shintaro Katsu's new company. Now, instead of just playing the blind executioner, Katsu is in charge of making these films. This could easily explain why this movie looks different in style of the previous 15 films. As far as Ichi's role, the film is very different because it's not the movie as usual. It's also easy to fool and actually, for a while, to do a lot of harm to people instead of helping! <br /> <br /> "Zatôichi Rojaburi" starts with Ichi talking with an old lady who tries to take advantage of her blindness. Strangely, at this stage, Ichi says he was blind from a toddler, though in an earlier film he said he was blind when he was 8. This is a minor mistake, and only a crazy fan of I would not notice myself. <br /> This movie takes place over a period of at least six months and most likely took a year - so you can see what I said about odd rhythms. Most films in the series take place about a few days or weeks. Ichi comes to a town where there is a boss (Asagoro) who tries very hard to be beautiful Ichi because he knows of the blind person's reputation. The boss is quite good and amazing Ichi is totally taken off by the evil man. At the same time, he meets another boss (Shushui) - a sort of poor guru. Shushui denies the people to abandon all violence and even Ichi falls under his teaching - to his army for many months. Shushui teaching is very similar to Daoist teaching from China - non-violence and acceptance of life as it is (for good or bad). <br /> <br /> Month after leaving this city and thinking all was well, Ichi learned that as soon as she left, Asagoro showed her true color - slave woman, poor oppressing and was an all-around jerk. In a way, Ichi is responsible for this, as he helped Asagoro and counted him as a friend. Now Asagoro took Shushui and several innocents killed themselves due to the boss action action. <br /> <br /> When Ichi returns, it does not accept automatically that Asagoro is good or wrong, but his cunning test. This bit with a scarecrow inspired and driven to a final place, which else, Ichi kills the wicked and releases Shushui. This final was very good and made in the rain. And this final stage with Asagoro and rock are great, though the dressing is a cheesy scramble by today's special standard effects. <br /> <br /> More for the movie are that although poorly rhythm, it's different and can not be mistaken for the previous 15 (which often looks very similar). In addition, it ends up very well. Ministers (aside from rhythms) is that some of the influenza cases of Ichi are so insane and the scenes with Ichi and others blindly included for rescue comic rescue ... very, very, very flat. They are pathetic and unfunny ... this sort of dish that it is.
