Gundam Wing is an amazing show at the start of the finish, every single episode is a joy to watch. The story is typical Gundam prices, in the future Earth's population growing to the extent we create space colonies in order to expand. The story even though it's a totally different fact than any other Gundam show. It is the year After Colony 195 and the Earth's corruption kingdom, known as the Earth Sphere Alliance, is violently taken over the free colonies. To combat the Alliance control with the even greater threat that comes (a malicious militarist organization in the Alliance known as OZ, which later takes control of Earth and the colonies), selecting members of the colony to send 5 super powerful mechs On Earth try and save the colonies from the threat that will soon come. These mechs, known as Gundams, battle OZ and attempting to regain peace in the colonies as OZ take the front-stage, completely eliminate the Alliance and take control of Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam wing as I already stated, is probably the most enjoyable Gundam series to look at my opinion. A great part of this is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before it, but also their stories far more deep and complicated than the majority of the Gundam series. Gundam wings have more depth and emotions than any other Gundam show I have ever seen so far. The particular series seemed to focus more on characters and their relationships among those characters than epic space battles. Now, do not get me wrong, show that there are still many epic battles in it, and the show always keeps the season's atmosphere that other Gundam series has, but it does not have the story following a cast of cast of 6 or 7 Character as opposed to following only 1. <br /> No matter how you look at it this is truly one of the most unique and enjoyable outfits of Gundam out there, and I recommend it to any animated, or subject- women in general. Show the sport some amazing animations and superb actions, but the depth and complicity of the story is what keeps you coming back for more. The characters are so well drawn from the end of the show that you end up enjoying each and every one of them. This show is definitely one that should not miss .. <br /> A perfect 10/10!
