The Matador is best about reflection because at the moment one watches it, it looks so light. Humor is always medium-caliber, never unfunny, but never gut-busting. The story is a very simple thread. The features of the plot are often reclaimed features, namely poor malicious guy in needing a pale and straight-laced worm-wearing good guy in need of security in life team up and learning from each other and somehow supplementing each other's life la. I also found the calf parallel to the unnecessary story, as it is a merely wicked thing and the symbol is hardly powerful enough to bring himself. However, it really is a good movie, because if it seems that thin and unaffecting at the time, it was not. He had a subtle way of connecting with the audience. <br /> I believe why it slowly but surely giving the audience something to take with them is because if it's a formula that has nothing new, even most of humor, both the main characters, normally the characters Only in it, they somehow met and got acquainted. Forget the real calls. That's not all I mean. What I mean is that if Pierce Brosnan's wound, cheese, boozing striking person is a detached character, he was picked up firmly by the writer and definitely not Brosnan, who is aggressively communicating how much he enjoys his breath in James Bondless Fresh Air. Greg Kinnear's character seems to be the same in his detached scriptedness, but it has provided some very unexpected footnotes for a moment with the film's lightfootedness than not but then hit us just a moment later. We then realize the movie is not simply analyzing this or plane, Trains and Automobiles said stalely over again. It really says something. <br /> <br /> The biggest movie in the movie is in a sort that wants to partially have a thriller and twists. But with its lightness, how can that possibly be concentrated in the film, even if the plot has led up to it? No, the focus is that Brosnan and Kinnear get out of easy relations with each other. Strange, the Matador is a movie about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and regrets everyday, and even though we do not understand why Kinnear is so louder and accepted with Brosnan still interrupting his life, he quietly understands that Brosnan is Wild Freeman from a more-to-earth version of his own feelings as a means of redemption. The very latest scene in the film is with me. He, I think, is where the subtle impact of the sulfur-finally finally begins firmly.
