An archaeologist team discovered a real treasure? Crown of the Queen of Sheeba. From Egypt, the crown is to be transferred through downtown San Francisco. But it will not be an easy journey. Many have to steal who would like to get their hands on the precious stones that are contained in the crown. Fortunately for everyone involved, Mr. Moto is on hand to guard the crown on his travels. However, this does not mean that one will not try to get their hands on the treasure. Since the disappointment of Mr. Moto's Gamble, I went to Mr. Moto to take a vacation hoping for the best, but, admittedly, the worst fear. But in the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew I'd find it more enjoyable. I'm a Pistons for a 1930s style mystery that features nothing to do with archaeological digging in Egypt. And see Moto disguising as a German archaeologist (Imagine that, Peter Lorre plays a German?), The beginning scenes really drew me to. While the film can quickly move to the less exotic San Francisco, it remains just as enjoyable. Black, disaster characters lurking in the night rain; shot shot from open windows that narrowly misses the hero; sophisticated and assumed alarm controlled systems just require someone to test them; and criminals believe to be dead ?? These types of elements are found in a lot of the really good 1930s mysteries that I love. And Mr. Moto takes a vacation to 'em all. Another bonus couple for me included the always enjoyable Lionel Atwill in a nice little role, funny rescue from G.P. This Huntley is actually funny, with a return to train for Mr. Moto. I have already mentioned his disguise at the movie opening scene, Moto's athletic athletes coming out near the final movie. Moto is such a Dervish whirling activity as it goes after its creature. All this and I do not even mention the wonderful performance that returned to Lorraine. Either way you look at it, Mr. Moto takes a vacation is a winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate the Mr. Moto series ended after this installment, it's understood when you think about it. WWII was just around the corner. After Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero would not go very well. At least the Moto Series series ended on a very positive note.
