Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit-man. Or a "facilitator of death", as he prefers to be called. It is also a drink, a womanizer, and among a mid-life crisis. In a job in Mexico City, he bumps down to Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an unconfident businessman who thinks he just has a recent place, but it's fine. They meet at hotel bar late late one night, after both had a few too many garages. Sounds like the set-up for a no-to-number comedy, not it? But it's not. Instead, the Matador is a comic book and sometimes touches. It avoids every twist that the summary above would suggest, sometimes even putting them up just gleefully tearing them down. It's a movie that respects its enough character just to let it get over it, without feeling the need to shove them into unnecessary scheme conflicts. <br /> <br /> Hit-The-Brosnan's hit will inevitably be compared to its Bond, but this is unfair to both performances. Bond is a half-formed idea, a product of all that has gone before; while Julian is a fully-formed character with its own motivation and defect. He existed in his own shadow, wet world so long as he forgot how to talk to someone else. <br /> <br /> When she met Danny in the hotel bar, she saw her opposite: a normal guy with a normal job and normal problem. He envied Danny; The hit-man became tired of his life, seeing himself as ever his nearest inevitable "burning out", as he put it. But when Danny opens on to death in his son's sole, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, in his own words, was "running out of any emotion." Kinnear maintains his own Brosnan's performance, and injects Danny White and his all-effort effort. It is Julian's perfect paper; while the latter is drunken bravado and helpono, Danny is down to earth, and just a hint of eccentricity. But it also goes deeper than anyone to establish it, showing us how far the whole will go when faced with financial and family ruin. <br /> <br /> There is real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It is most visible in the three key movie scenes: to the hotel; a bull, during which Julian tells Danny what he does for a living, and takes him into a rehearsal of clothes in an assassination; and a scene that Julian turned to Danny's house six months later. This scene also introduces us to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how Matador respected his character, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panicking in the presence of an employee killer in his house, simply asked and calmly forced, "Did you bring your gun?" The script is not quite as good as they could after another rewrite. One or two lines seems to be a little forced, and a couple of jokes need a little more work. But in scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) just talk, the writing is superb. The film feels no need to put the characters in any situation outside (other than meeting a hit-man, saying hit-man turns on your doorstep). It just allowed them to speak, gently nudging them toward point points. <br /> <br /> There are actions, but only when it reflects on the characters. A remarkable example is when Julian Botches worked in Budapest because he kept seeing himself in his rifle dimensions. The rest of the movie is about the characters, how to communicate, how each affects each other. And, finally, it is about friendship, even easier in places. At one point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And it really means it.
