It is very difficult to read this movie. As entertainment value for the 21st century viewers, it failed miserable. However, for the student of early film sounds and stories, it is a jewelery. The "Show Show" was a filmmaker review of MGM's successful competition at "Hollywood Revue in 1929", which still survives the complete intact and its technical scene. <br /> <br /> The purpose of the all-star revival has shown a silent star in particular in speaking roles, and shows that they could make the transition. However, Warner Bros. It seems they've forgotten this and it employs many acts and stars that they did not even have under long-term contracts like Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie, and even a lot of walking. Meanwhile, the greatest talents - Al Jolson - is noticeably absent. Even in a high salary it could not be required to join in. Almost all acts are overly long and the movie plays as a dozen or so fastened Vitaphone shorts together with no continuity. The final is also too long, but it is really enjoyable with all its dance numbers. The highlight of the film is two numbers from Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Basin", a couple of numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore performs Shakespeare, and Chinese Fantasy "Read It" and Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. The latest version is the only part of the film that continues to live in Technicolor, and it's really quite attractive. Reasonable enough, the players of these good acts were long-term warner Bros. Stars maybe the director knew how to play in force since he was familiar with them. This movie acts as a snapshot of an odd point in the film - year 1929 year, which was the bridge year between the two era - silent and sound era, and the roaring 20 and the Great Depression . Just two years later this film would even have an entirely different cast, such as Warner Bros. would abandon its thick silent stars and stars to hire just to produce the early musicals in favor of the stars that gave Warner Bros. and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson, and others.
