I saw this film again as a placement for my administration classes. They were mainly commenting on different management styles and ideas about quality (of the product). I made this one rent back in the eighties and I remember it to be good (but not big) movie. I have always loved Michael Keaton's style and delivery. It was a perfect fit for the movie. <br /> I'm surprised to see some of the ratings given for this movie. I give you yes, it does not have any Oscar winner but it has decent funny values. It's more of a subtle comedy rather than a comedy all-out comedy. I also found some of those who felt this was an unfiltered movie about cultural differences and business. I implore differently. I also give you a lot of generality and dramatization but then again this is Hollywood film by a documentary. From what I read about the difference between Automakers on both sides of the Pacific at that time many of the principles ideas were accurate for the time. <br /> <br /> Some of the basic differences were that Japanese workers made them feel as part of the company as a whole. Workers have emphasized. They may have made the company above all else. Where Americans have been more in a quality management work verse. The person was more important than the company. I'll probably get some email hated about that comment I'm sure. <br /> <br /> Another difference is how good has been seen and whose responsibility has been arranged. In many Japanese plant damage or problems are examined and fixed at the time it is discovered. Instead as a character in the film put it "it was the dealers (ie dealer car) problem". <br /> Many of these things are probably dating but I'm sure some are still around as many US car makers are still struggling to keep up with the Japanese. If one is more interested in the subject of American, European and Japanese automakers I can recommend a book that studies the topic in more detail and has been done around the same time period. This book is called "The Machine That Changed the World" by James Womack, Daniel Jones and Daniel Roos. It's about a study of automakers during and before the time period covered by this film. The parts are little dry but I think you'll find that it's back up the movie too.
