The Matador is a strange movie. Julian's main character, played with a strange mix of charm and imbalance in Brosnan, is not your typical hero. Julian is a hit man who has a mid-life crisis. Having spent 22 years in the profession of killing cold people without killing him now finds himself stressed out and desperately lonely. So, after a lucky meeting at a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he gets on and starts a halting, friendship left. Danny, the excellent guy, faced some things in his own life, and the truth said, could also use a friend. The two make an unexpected connection, and Danny sticks around to hear Julian's story, even after learning the "truth" truth about Julian's work. Matador approaches a topic not completely strangely in movies, anti-hero killer (films like 'Killer' and 'Big Pointe Blank' come to mind). But Matador is different in many key ways. First of all, they are killed and gore implicit but never really shows in any detail, meaning that if you are a movie movie star looking for an adrenaline rush this movie will probably disappoint you. And secondly, unlike most anti-hero films, Matador does not make any attempts to show remorse and redemption from his main character. Julian's work is simply presented as a 'it is what it is' kind of stuff. This is strange, given that 99.99% of us would consider kill for terrible money. But this unorthodox approach is perhaps what makes the movie feel authentic. Although we do not like to admit it, almost nothing could become mundane after we did it long enough, perhaps even murder. Are Julian victims deserving to die? Who pays for the dead? What knows. The movie never deals with these questions. The focus is on Julian and sharp his barrier to a genuine friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the paper you would have a thought that those who love him should be torn from society like a cancer, but forcing them to look at his life you are drawn to by his intense humanity. Sympathy for the devil, I guess. <br /> <br /> The Brosnan takes on Julian is well done and deeply disturbing. He does not completely divorcing himself from his James Bond charms with smooth charms, but rather just adds disturbing ridiculous to the mix. Noteworthy or unkempt remarks in conversations among polite and sudden changes out of charm accompanying childhood cancer and desperate desires to accept. He keeps you guessing his hand on his sanity and how it will affect those around him. It's a bit like listening to a piano player who occasionally and unexpectedly struck a wrong score while playing, but it works. These films are only other major roles, that of Danny, are not nearly as meaty. Kinnear turns into a solid if spectacular performance as a regular Joe with a regular Joe life and trouble. The film does not really have any great shock or night shyamalan twists, but I could not guess the finish and it felt satisfied. He has no great philosophical or spiritual insights and yet he has many people. And it did not have any heart pounding chases machine or gun fights and again I thought the rhythm was well done and I was never bored. Perhaps only the real message here is about the human need to reach out and make connections with each other, and how these need no moral condition. Even a murderer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It's a comment about the strange world, random we live in. A good movie; worth seeing.
