Sherman, put the car in the way for ... 1986. The United States was just climbing out of severe recession after its war, while Japan enjoyed an unprecedented noise. Industry factories have always been an important part of the US economy, and factory factories have been a good example of "the average American". The word "reduced" did not go into the general vocabulary again, but everyone knew the phenomenon. Bruce could hear about the radio song, "Foreman says these works will be, boys, and not come back to your city." Chrysler has just been bailed from Uncle Sam. Outstanding stickers can be seen saying "Buy Americans - Your job saved your own case." <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" does a better job to capture the mood of the industrial Indian industrial than just any other popular movie made during this period. Certainly the film has its flaws - some loose and mediocre composite filings act by everyone except Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story really is about the meeting in the East and West: Kevens's Hunt American Character Stevenson, brash and confidence on the outside again insecure bottom. Kazuhiro Watanabe's personal Japan, top of the pile and a successful system, but wonder if there is more to learn from Western rivals. The film scheme, flawed as it is, simply provides a framework for the conflict, and eventually syntheses, of the two personalities. <br /> <br /> Keaton's Allies cover everyone else's, and practically make the movie alone. I have always admired Keaton for his ability to deliver lines that feel etc., no matter what script it's following. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a resembling everyman, bland, a natural leader and a wise-donkey track. But it has a common fatal defect in many of us: it does not want to disappoint anyone. It will distract the crowd with anecdote, inspiration, and even lie, rather than point out the ugly truth. Kazuhiro is the mirror image of Stevenson: shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese education, hesitate to be brought to bad news. The scene at which Stevenson first comes to Kazuhiro and its staff complaint perfectly captures the Japanese approach to workplace disputes. Kazuhiro replied to Stevenson's complaint and "I understand what you are saying," but he will not deny his request loudly. Stevenson misinterprets this as an agreement, and goes off saying, "Well, we've got that established." (This is still a problem in the Japanese-American relations of the 21st Century!) Finally, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: get factory and work smoothly, meet production goals, and fulfill their responsibilities to workers they are under them. To work towards this goal, each must take a page from the books of others. Kazuhiro's family gets more "American" is an obvious example. Also note that Stevenson thinks it is odd when Kazuhiro explains how he must have made a public apology from his unemployed - and again, later in the movie, Stevenson does exactly that. and its resolution is a little cornball, but hey, this is a comedy. If you can overlook the movie's flaw, there's a great story about self-realization and open-minded here.
