Many neglected that this is not just a classic due to the fact that it's the first 3D game, or even the first shot -'em-up. It is also one of the first infiltration games, one of the salt (and definitely the first) really claustrophobic game, and just a very well-balanced gaming experience in general. With graphics that are terribly dated today, the game pushes you into the role of B.J (not even * think * I will try to spell his name!), An American P.O.W. keep in an underground bunker. You fight your way through the tunnels in order to achieve different goals for the six episodes (but let's face it, most of them are just an excuse from you a gun, surround you with Nazi and send you out of one of the Nazi leaders). The graphics are, as I mentioned before, well-dated and very simple. The smallest detail of basically any 3D game released by a professional team of creators. If you can find that, however (and some would suggest that this simplicity only adds to the effect the game has on you), then you've got one heck in a good shooter / sneak game. The game play consists of searching for key, health and ammunition, explosive enemies (aforementioned United Nations, with a "boss enemy" for each chapter) in various difficulties (which, of course, are growing as you move further into the game) door locked and looking for secret rooms. There is a bonus count after each level is defeated ... it goes by how fast you were (basically if you beat 'by the time', which is the time it took a tester to go through the same level; can be quite fun to try and beat, and how difficult the levels are to find your way through them, even hard after many play-throughs), how many gold Nazi (treasure) you collect and how many bad guys you killed. Basically, if you got 100% of any of the aforementioned, you get a bonus, helping you reach the coveted point spot. The game (especially, but not always) allows for two different different methods of playing ... heavy or gunning down anything and everything you see. You can either run or walk, and amongst your weapons are also a knife ... heard immediately immediately the moment you enter the room as the guard, as it is gunfire. Many guards get up and back to you, meaning that you can walk up and down with them ... almost silent. In your inventory, you can find no less than four weapons and two keys ... more on the weapons later. The keys to unlock certain doors. Most doors in the game do not close ... only two types of key needs, and these keys are only presented at later levels (you restart at level, restore weapons, health, notes and lives in each chapter). Many of the game later is spent looking for them. Now, as I just accused, this game, like much of the period (late 80's, early 90's), based on collecting extra lives ... personally, I think it's completely and utterly useless (it was mercifully falling out here on the end ... I think (?), from the next 3D and Winter shooter), since you can save whenever you want and 'using a' life to restore weapons, health and ammunition, such as starting a new chapter (which is a real pain at later levels, where you * need * heavier weapons). Now I'm going to beat around the bush by ... moving on the guns! You start with the aforementioned knife (which is silent, but only effective up close) and a pistol ... nothing special, but good for maintenance ammunition, unlike the next two bad boys. Your third weapon is a German SMG ... a sub-machine-gun. It's faster and automatic, and some enemies later use it. And the last one ... there is nothing short of a Gatling gun! Oh yeah! Think of T2. Think Predator. Think about the massive discharge of lead in Nazi fiends and as a weapon. It's all fun as it sounds. Most of the boss enemies use this, though, so be prepared. I will not reveal the identities of these boss enemies, however ... this for each player to discover for him (or it) self. The sound is excellent ... very dry and realistic. As you hear torn in a machine-gun shooting, the metallic sounding tape of a locking door locked behind you or a yaris jalini seized or a warning in German, you really feel like you are, trapped in these black bunker and depressing systems . That's my nicety in the drawing level ... as you run in seemingly untold numbers, almost identical hallways toward the next elevator that leads you further, you are caught by the claustrophobic mood. I almost have more motion sickness than once (though this might have something to do with little sleep, lots of moisture and weird heat ...) from play. Even if the level of detail is not terribly high, what is great. Staying in the victims, four guards and countless Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also features quite a bit of Gore ... for it's limited engine graphics, John Romero and crews certainly put in all the blood and guts that they could for the game. What has left to say ... the first of its kind, and it's not surprising this spawned other 3D shooters. Sure, bobbing weapons and different height levels (stairs with these) did not come around until the next entry into the genre ... Bankruptcy ... and Duke Nukem 3D has introduced the feature of your View Switching ( So it goes beyond simply left and right, adds its vertical dimension), and jumps did not come around until a third, later title (Quake at first, maybe? Fellow gamers, help me out here) ... but all those games, as well as the rest of the genre, must be their existence in this one. So load up Luger, opening the door to the bunker and stage of shoes B.J .. she deserves the gratitude, even (or maybe even especially?) Nearly fifteen years after she appeared first. I recommend this to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
