Eric Stoltz delivers an extraordinary performance as Joel Garcia, a successful Roman romance that winds up paralyzed and in a special hospital for recently disabled after he's gone through a hiking accident. While learning to cope with adjusting to the gravity of new limiting his fitness requirements Joel befriends Slick, fast-talking, good Raymondizer Raymond (an amazing Wesley Snipes) and scrambling, harmless, racist biker Bloss (a terrific William Forsythe) who feels threatened by various multi-ethnic etching in his fellow patients was forced to share a room with. Joel also received substantial support from her loyal and loving husband, but Anna married (radiantly played by Helen Hunt). But he still must come to terms and have been disabled on his own. <br /> <br /> This key film triumph is remarkable that it's boldly stubbornly refusing or sanitizing the gravity of what these guys are going through. Director Neil Jimenez (who also wrote the thoughtful and perspective script) and Micheal Steinberg relate to the story with exceptional taste, understanding and warmth, especially addressing with disarmament candor and substance-of-fact how to disrupt the irrevocably transformed a life The single, including and especially your sex life (this is the most powerful point in a striking sequence when Joel and Anna try and do not make love in a motel room). In addition to the expected outlook, the film further provides a surprising surprise of cruel, cruel, humorous humor that is marked by the nasty sequence and Joel and Bloss perform a secret secretion of a strip club. The Exercise Exercise is excellent as another significant plus: Stoltz, Snipes, Forsythe and Hunt are all outstanding, and stand-out support turns by Grace Zabriskie as' doting, amiable mother and Elisabeth Pena and William Allen Young as complementary hospital nurse. Despite the subject of manure, the film finally proves to be a highly moving, positive and uplifting cinematic additions to the amazing force and resistance of the human spirit. A simple little bit of a drama.
