"Margaritas and cock ..." <br /> This movie is very fun to grab you from the opening stage and never stop delivering laughter, surprises and moments unexpectedly touched. I had more fun watching the "Matador" than almost any other movie from 2005. It's a wacky movie and an unforgettable character, played in perfection by Pierce Brodna. Julian Noble (Brosnan) is a facilitator (striking-man) specializing in high-end jersey enterprise (killer dude rich). It also has analogous to a mid-life crisis. After coming to realization that he has no real friends, there is no permanent home and no planned future, he has broken foot into a Mexican hotel bar a night and runs to Danny Wright (Kinnear). Danny is a down-his-lucky family member who is on the verge of losing big business deals that just might turn things around for him. She loves her dear wife, especially since she lost her son a few years earlier. <br /> <br /> The two men are chalk and cheese, hardly any common ground other than those of even a little single night bar. And somehow a hit conversation that lies in the movement of a chain of events that will change their lives forever. The friendship to form reminds me a lot of Laurel and Hardy. One is the right person and the other is persistent fool who gets in trouble. The interplay is superbly timed and finely tuned, due to having no small part of the wonderful performances from Brosnan and Kinnear. But make no mistake ... This is Brosnan's movie. It impresses one of the most memorable and despicably characteristic characters of the decade. She was able to shoot your mother and then apologize and you would probably forgive her. The Brosnan can be the ultimate charming cinema, but this is the most exciting and complete performance it's to date. I should not be anxious to see an Oscar shaking this role. <br /> <br /> Consider one scene where she was throwing up a girl high school and screams in thinking and extracting the line, "All Blushy Blushy .. No Sucky Fucky". He did it with the familiar Bond smirk and managed to get away with it. He managed to say a boy, "Tell your mother to lose 30lbs and 20 years then come back to me" without coming across as unbelievable. In fact, it makes us like him even more. But the movie manages our surprise and some really touching scenes, most of which come to the end when the film takes some unpredictable turns. However, when Julian thumbs in his little black book to find someone called on his birthday, or when Danny and his wife (Davis) console each other in the rooms one night, the movie reached an unexpected depth of emotions. <br /> The "Matador" is stylish and energetic. It is always fun. And she has a career-definite role for Brosnan as a seeker looking for a normal, friendship and a means of doing at least a good thing in her life. This is a gem neglected in 2005 and you should make an effort to see this movie as soon as possible. <br /> TC Candler at IndependentCritics.com
