At first glance, this film looks like the series 24 series series for the big screen. With focus on a plot for assassinating President of the United States, a race against time, and many Secret Agent Services, the agency under the spotlight at the Sentinel. But wait, the protagonist turns from character Michael Douglas' Pete Garrison instead, a secret veteran secret service service to take the bullet for Reagan in 1981. The SS agents are especially trained in the "shotgun" , which is what makes them special - who's right idea will put themselves in the line of a bullet with a target? But Garrison gets involved in the assassination scheme, and he runs for his life while at the same time doing his bit in investigation into the plot. All this because of his failure in a polygraph test, due to his adulterous stroke in the First Lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> There are shades of Clint Eastwood's In the line of fire. Both actors singer, and aging veteran were heroes and a bit of a historical reference, who took the bullet in their respective tours of homework. While Eastwood's film has a more enigmatic villain in John Malkovich, the Sentinel suffered from its lack of a strong central fortune, prefers to share the responsibility of the murder among the many forgettable former KGB villains, and moles of presidential detail. With Douglas on the run out of the law, he becomes similar to Dr. Richard Kimble in the fugitive, hunting the one-armed proverb while at the same time, resting on his smarts outboard fellow agents, who returned Out to be very interesting to watch - despite glucose processes, it still boils down to the performance and gullibility of individual agents. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, top TV stars in today's 24 and Desperate Housewives, get relegated to support roles as secret service investigators who are looking at Garrison's probable involvement in the murder, conspiracy and At times seems to be leptages in the pages of CSI and legal skills. The beautiful couple had chemistry that might have looked like X-Files' Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, but alas, of which they had very little to do here. We know the reason they're in the movie, and that is to get their fans in theaters. Also, Longoria's role seemed to be able to shake her sexy-mama Gabrielle, and here, she was in blues fairly low cuts (Sutherland actually told her to cover up) and tight pants (ogle-Fest for fellow agents) . <br /> However, it's still a very interesting look at the lives of probably the most striking and tense details of the world, and the typical threats that they face daily, including the following up Each locker's threats on the life of the world's most powerful man. It's a decent suspension and thrilling investigation, and enough subplots keep you entertained. But one thing though, like most sequel to ending action, this one has a great leak for you to fly a jumbo plane.
