Summary of Charles McDougall includes episodes on 'Sex and the City', 'Desperate Housewives', Queer as Folk', 'Big Love', 'Office', etc. So it comes with all the qualifications to make the version TV movie Meg Wolitzer's novel SURRENDER, DOROTHY a success. And for the most part it manages to keep this story potentially about death on the sudden death of someone you love and pass the way in which people in life react to afloat. Sarah (Alexa Davalos) a beautiful young woman accompanied her best friend - gay dramatic Adam (Tom Everett Scott), current squeezing Adam Shawn (Chris Pine), and married couple Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) and their infant - in a home in Hamptons for a summer vacation. The band looks jolly until a trip to local ice cream by Adam and Sarah) results in a auto accident that killed Sara. Meanwhile Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton) has an active social life, but intrusive call here daughter constantly with the mutual greetings 'Dorothy' surrender, playing it up elsewhere: when she receives phone calls that Sarah is dying immediately to come to Hamptons where her personality and grief create friction among Sara's friends. Slowly but surely Natalie discovered secrets on each of them, thriving on talking about Sarah as if he did so would bring it to life. Natalie's Thirst for Truth at any cost results in the biggest change among the band and it is only in the compulsory love of Sarah the parties that they all eventually come together. Diane Keaton is at its best in the role that the wireless market between drama and comedy and its presence keeps the story together. The scenario has its moments for good lines, but it also has a lot of filler that gets a bit heavy and morose makes the actors obviously comfortable with the lines they provide. Yes, this story has been said many times - the impact of sudden death on the lives of people who have privacy changed by disclosure - but the movie moves along with a pace of pace and has enough genuine entertainment to make it worth watching. Grady Harp
