What if a plot of G.I. from the Japanese army should be sent back in time 400 years the right among the feudal wars that led to the formation of the Tokugawa Tokiowa? Great right pitch? The movie does exactly what it says about the tin. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, these writers did not have to worry about, usually ridiculous in the Sci-Fi movies, scientific mumbo jumbo in the time of transportation. There is no reason why. They just did. However the transient time sequence it is trippy as hell and quite nice, if not a bit date. Not as funny as one would imagine. The rest of the film follows the house of a T. But while losing a bit of steam and the various subplots that follow the GIs medieval Japan arrivals, it is chosen with a devastating battle sequence. Undoubtedly it is the main order of the day. The concept and extension of the movie itself, was probably from this simple pitch: what if G.I was equipped with the latest in modern warfare fighting samurais? And his boy saved. <br /> <br /> The main battle sequence that spans over half an hour is probably one of its best in action 70 / movie wars. Not only it is relentless and tiring at speed and length, it's also a terrific mish-mach of styles and techniques that are just unique locations like G.I. Samurai can deliver. I mean, where else would you get the chance to present tanks, ninjas filled with shuriikens, a helicopter and samurai in the same shot? G.I. Plato led by lethal tears literally in hundreds of spending, gunning them down with machine guns, mortars, grenades and tanks. This mish-mash of styles is with one leg firmly rooted in sprawling jidai- seasonal season at the Kagegeush Kuragewa or Hiroshi Inagaki at Samurai Banners, while the other is in western action and cinema war. There are stylistic touches (such as the beautiful slowing-movement and blood vessels) that carry Sam Peckinpah or Enzo G. Castellari around Keoma in mind. Japanese cinema has always been influenced by the West and other Hollywood works and vice versa, and G.I. Samurai effectively turns this pot-brush east-west into an exciting movie. The movie-makers fortunately took the whole thing seriously and the movie benefits incredibly out of it. It's not that the tongue-in-the-bottom blow is completely absent, it's just that it does not try to pander this bad-and-good audience that enjoys laughing at the movies. The budget was probably worthwhile, because it is evident in hundreds of extras, elaborate costumes (highly decent for a non-traditional jidai-geki production) and special effects. The camera-work and the corrections are all top notch, almost better than a movie that has no higher artistic ambitions worthy. <br /> It's not in its flaw default either of course. There are many song songs, where all types of Japanese rock 70, disco and song play play on montage (there is a bundle scene, an interest scene scene, a "war is hell" scene etc.). The songs themselves are very lame and blown and detected from the whole thing. Although it clockes in a minute tooping 140, it flies like a bullet for the most part. Always some scenes, flashbacks and subplots in the first half could be cut for a tighter effect. <br /> The cast also deserves a mention, featuring such important names as Sonny Chiba, Isao Natsuyagi (Goyokin, Samurai Wolf), Tsunehiko Watase (Yakuza Papers) and Hiroyuki Sanada, all of them hitting the right notes.
