I would first say that somehow I remember seeing this movie in my childhood, I could not read the subtitles and I thought Sonny Chiba was Sean Connery. But I really love the concept. If you can not at least partially suspend your adult and embrace your seven interior or old you may want to avoid this movie. That said, he just looked to restore 137 versions in minutes on DVD I said I enjoyed it, but not as much as when I was seven (I remembered the finish). There are aspects of the film that deserve to be criticized, the first 15 minutes and 15 minutes final both have really really funny moments, my favorite was the contrast between acting scenes from the final 10 minutes and the choices of curious in music back (listening to the lyrics). <br /> For a movie action there is a great deal of focus on the personal stories of certain soldiers and the social dynamics of the squad as the time travel strain to take it. By the end of the movie I decided that this was a good thing, when seven though the 'guff' relationship was a bad thing. <br /> For a movie action there are also lots of aggressive gory action, especially a couple of epic battle scenes between the platoon and hordes of Shogun era warriors. The musicians in the movie have ensured that as many deaths as possible are bloody, and allow it to be funny, funny. I thought this was a splendid aspect of the film when I was a kid, and I'm not ashamed to say that I always do. <br /> I love the fact that the modern day's soldiers in general do not spend the movie walking on egg shells trying to avoid changing the continent of space time, having heavy machine guns, mortar, rocket launchers, a tank and a helicopter and are bending hell on making feudal Japan theirs. What would I like to think of any IMDB vigorous users would do in the boots. The little films are worth watching, it makes the viewer regrettable that no more movies are made with a similar quote, and at the same time offers some suggestions as to why a movie like GI Samure is so unique.
