What is the best way to start a review of a movie like Der Todesking? Let me start by saying I was just coming straight from watching this movie, and the images still burn deep into my brain - and I do not think they will move anytime soon. <br /> It's probably just that if you're on this page you have a good idea that sort of movie is even if you have not seen it. If not, let me warn you that this is not a moderate-budget gem that has been lost for a few years in the "Near Dark", nor is it a low budget, schlocky, "fun" B-movie. What it is is low-budget art, put forward in a simple yet intense way. The idea is a simple - seven story revolving around, and ending, suicidal intersections with a corpse of corpse. Sounds simple right, even boring? It's not. Words can not really describe how powerful this movie came when you were halfway; it usually draws you to it if you want to go or not. <br /> I could go on a tomb here on the technical advantages and disadvantages of the direction; Perhaps the scene shows that the scenes are obviously shot on super-8 cameras and are sometimes unstable. I could show some of the out-of-sync effects in a way to rival any Fulci movie, but at the end of the day this all seemed to speak of insignificance. As extreme movies went, I saw the hardest of them, and again Todesking moved me in a way that some others managed, although not particularly gory and having a lot of scenes that I would consider "gratuitous". In fact, the most disturbing scene I found was the past story. I will not ruin it, just to say that the emotional agony character normally drops out of the screen and makes you sympathize, if not longing for his end. <br /> <br /> Sure, it's not the best movie ever to do, and in a lot of places it looks rude and maybe a little amateur, but in spite of these Todescing defects is an experience I would recommend Anyone who loves movie theater. If you are a person who likes to look comfortable or "nice" movies, or simply want to gross out on something rough and pointless, this is not what you are looking for. <br /> If you enjoy it or not, Only one you will not forget in a hurry.
