The author of "Necromancer", the second film feature Jörg Buttgereit, "Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Located in a letter chain from a group called "Fraternity of the 7th Day", the movie shows 7 episodes, each with one day a week, where suicides approach using different characters and situations all while the letter will make it to judge. Do not touch this one if you like Hollywood movie or music, enjoying happy or even remotely "normal" movies or expecting a movie to be good only if it is focused on acting scenes. <br /> <br /> The nihilist, front-guard approach to Todesking well explained, why Buttgereit's movies in general were banned in Germany, the native countries of origin, during the 80's and most of the 90's la. Todesking does not really focus on the characters that appear on the screen, but the meaningless meaning or depression of most human lives is composed of in general. Buttgereit does not find the reason to go about living, just reason to stop, and in choosing how and when you die, you can also be the King of Death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> The essence of the stutterers are generally hard Categories and Todesking is no exception. Presenting the same crew and almost the same cast as all of his movies, "art film" would probably be the closest description every time. Todesking features an original shooting method, creates the mood and carries the central goal in almost every stage. During a scene, the camera slowly, continuously pan of 360 degree degrees, while living in a small one-bedroom apartment for one day. During another, Buttgereit uses sound and corruption to show that the mental state falls into a man, while remaining in his depression. During a third, the name of the name, age, and occupation of the current people committed suicide on the screen, supposedly guaranteed the ban in Germany for this particular film. One, as the scene are only vaguely connected) generally suffers from inconsistencies, and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes have the same focus of death influenced with its consequences or occurrences in all its variations, there are very powerful episodes, yet an episode or two might even seem like filler material, partly to power the overall power The movie - always, jaw-dropping, powerful intense interaction depicting a body decomposing managed to keep the movie together and cleanse it from the moment more wave back into the status of greatness. The overall atmosphere is discouraged, trembling-inspiring, very depressing and sometimes even disgusting - so many dozens of people left in the movie during a theater show in a movie festival I participated. /> This is one movie that leaves a lasting impression and I recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something they will definitely remember in years to come. Do not recommend the faint of heart or show time fans, this is a small, different film that really increases the feelings of the audience. If it is confusing, surprised or even hatred, you're not likely to be leaving this cold, in my opinion the best, achievement of this small independent crew. The main theme of the movie, was released in a limited 666-piece 8 "Vinyl edition, which is now much sought after .. You can always find the classic master by finding" Necromantics "band in CD, which I am highly recommended. The music in music synthesis of the movie is dark and original, almost illbient-like, makes an essential part of the film's atmosphere, and it's something you would be very, very rarely heard otherwise.
