"Like the first touch of pleasure and guilt, like a juvenile spontaneous biscuity in passion and fear, as a major of controversial emotions," said one of the movie manure after looking at LOVE at the top, the title version misinterpreted by Michel Deville's stylish director at LE MOUTON INRAGE. Vincent Canby of the New York Times, however, just after the premiere of 1974 in the movie stated: "LOVE AT TOP that opened yesterday at the 68th Street Playhouse, is a 1973 French comedy that hardly recalls a number of seventeenth-five English peers on the rise and the increase in young cynical boys owned and owned by ambitions. "But significant difference that he mentioned was the fact that the love of the head is not concerned with the English class system ... (January 27, 1975) <br /> Having left the ratings up to one person, of course, the test of time does just work. What can be said with certainty after more than 30 years is that we can hardly find these cinemas like LEFT MOUTH ENTRY where decadence appears innocent, where liaisons appear enthusiastically appearing, where feelings are so manipulative. <br /> For Romy Schneider's fans, it seems useless to point out that this movie is a must see, not only because it provides a unique performance (as it did in all its roles) in the great day of glory she's quirky (9 years before her sudden death), but because she's particularly attracted here. It's not TRIO INFERNAL where, forcing the 'escape from and imitation of Romy's sweet haunting images for years by sacchish Sissi meets the most discouraging manifestations, but is a movie where brilliant actresses provide a fair role. She plays Roberte, a woman who becomes an object of lust for storytelling, playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). He is taking financial profits from lustic bonds. This movie can boast truly memorable and unique shots of Romy and it gives some of its very best scenes. Romy's sex appeal is unforgettable here. Another strong point in the movie is its execution of the content and a development of individual perceptions. Imoral as it may seem, the director makes a perfect use of contrast: conventions vs pleasure, innocent vs. decadence, genuine conversational conversation. Nicola possesses most of the features that viewers may love or detest, can be attractive or disgusting; Again, it is the viewers feature to be seriously treated, the more they say, they are the ones we all must accept. Therefore, one leads to a peculiar, slowly wild, erotic unique world of the main character. Although sleeping with many women, there are two women representing a sort of controversial world for Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). It manipulates, makes love for them, can not avoid the desires of their bodies and desires for money; Again, he perceives them differently. But despite all that 'mature adult', it is emotionally like a boy playing with a toy-machine on the table - a sort of 'detailed insight into mind ideas' in a comedy-like manner, of course . <br /> <br /> Finally, there are lots of good performances, which make a little underrated LE MOUNT INTRESS. Not only sushi at Romy Schneider does a brilliant job giving viewers with an extraordinary insight into his role but young Jane Birkin appears to be convinced of the role of young, inexperienced streets Paul Paul, Jean Louis Trintignant making it possible to see Nicola in the right way. This merits artistic sets of performances going with terrific music by Camille Saint-Saëns, the melody that will ring in your ear for so long. Therefore, apart from some flaws in the movie as color dated, slow action (sometimes), possible cues (noticed by some viewers), the merits should be important. <br /> <br /> LEFT MOUNT INROOM, in sum, is a clear manifestation of manipulative controversy in life. It is worth seeing as a moment in Romy's career, a pretext of strong eroticism, a chain of emotional controversy, in love and hatred, appreciation and disgust compared to the first orgasm and the first angage ... But we are not, people, 'viewers,' films built on these contrasts?
