I can not say too much about California as sadly I still see the thing actually (I've only managed to see it in bits and pieces about fuse.) But what I saw is absolutely awesome! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt but I'm admitted by all his earlier movies well. But this role, I just do, it's great, her character looks quite normal well-creepy, black but you know normal for a hillbilly in what kind of guess I guess. And Juliette Lewis's performance although I can see how some can be annoyed by it I think it's amazing. Unfortunately I have yet to see in the end, but in reading other comments about here it sounds good, but irritating. I must admit that I wish David Duchovany (sorry if the spelling was correct) was a bit but for him it was okay. His wife's character was better, and I thought his performance while not the best of the film was very good, a portrait of the kind of avant-garde / older sister. Particularly the scene where Early and Bryan go to play pools, and Adele and Carrie have one on one single set. I watched the scene at least twice now and I still think that acting in it is just wonderful. One because of the emotion that Adele shows after talking about being raped by three guys and how it feels about Herald's reaction with Carrie. Everything about that I think is just perfect. I mean, maybe because I can relate somewhat, I'm not sure. <br /> As for Brad Pitt who plays the serial killer that we actually get to see for once; I thought it was great. Some movies with Pitt that I saw were just average or not worth seeing. I do not think I've ever seen a horrible Pitt movie or if I have it because of acting it is another factor. This movie was not one of them. It turned out to be a great performance in California. I swear I'm not just a few random I love her to act not only because she's good looking, I mean her character in this movie is not exactly nice or beautiful by any means! Pitt is black, brooding and outright at times. But it's also happy, funny, beautiful, and even in the direction of Adele. Granted there are some spots that make me want to reach the TV and trample it, but that's probably just me (with the character Pitt played in the movie.) But it also shows how good the Pitt acts This movie has made me forget about what he plays a character, that's what good act is supposed to do. At any speed I wish I could say more, but that's all I can really say without seeing the finish, I've seen most of the movie in what I kept on Fuse and as I'm writing about that read on DVR to hopefully write a more complete review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie that I thought was really cool and something seems to have been neglected (it should not have!)
