I've seen this movie many years ago and made a lasting impression on me. Alas, I've been stubbornly many films over the years and did not expect to be impressed by 'California' when watching again. I'm happy to say that it's all as unnerving and look like it was ten or so years ago. There are two things that really give this movie its power. The first is its disposal. We have a staggeringly twisted turn by a young Brad Pitt as Early Grace. Knowing Pitt, as we all do, as one of the most enduring heart-reviving Hollywood ever had, it is worthwhile to see him play as an old, unattractive character. Pitt pulls the show without resorting to white-garbage or parody clips, and manages to remain really stressful in the movie. Juliette Lewis is even more impressive than Grace's tragic girlfriend, playing the character as a ten-year-old girl who has experienced forty years of life. Lewis managed to suspect pity (for his character's station of life) as well as contempt (for his naive), but he underpins his performance and subtlety kind rarely seen by a young actor. Personally, I think it's a tragedy that neither Pitt nor Lewis has nominated for any performance awards here. David Duchovony and Michelle Forbes are both perfectly cast as the yuppy couple who involuntarily finish traveling across US and Pitt and Lewis. Duchovony is narrowly geeky and naive, and Forbes seems cynically cynical and close, but both actors manage to convincingly show the characters' changes as they are equally intrigued, reputable and unusual to attract Pitt. Fine casting and exactly brilliantly acting sideways, this movie really grabs us by the proverbial balls in its imperfect rhythm. At that time, 'California' was released, Hollywood was releasing a kill-in-the-shot-cute-character-turn-out-of-the-psicotics ('Single White Girl', 'The Hearth of the Pastern' Deceived ',' Sleep and the Enemy 'etc.). Most of these movies follow the same formula, the only variation being the nature of the relationship between good guys and bad guys. 'California' does not really fall too far from this territory, but its first act is the perfect example of the slow-boiling comedy, and we are caught on the very edge of our place waiting for tide to turn. /> <br /> When the penny drops, and Pitt is loose to play the bad maniacal guy, the film gears completely and the last twenty minutes do not quite live up to the rest of the movie. That said, the action is thick and fast and the resolution is inappropriate cold. The fight is over, but the marks are still there. <br /> Many of the narration (given by a bit whiny, close to Duchovony's X-file) is a tad conversation. Of course, it means that from the book the journalist's character was Duchovony's writing, so one could argue that the self-conscious narration is meant to be a nod to the sensational kind of most journalistic writings . The film is largely a success and is certainly a cut above 90% of the thrill in the last twenty years. Very recommended, but not for the slightest stomach or your head. This movie will confuse more than one level. But then, it means to be.
