I've seen 'California' before (to be about 10 years ago) and I always remember to be very impressed by it. That's why I wanted to see him again and all I can say is that he still has not lost his power, though I've used a lot more when it comes to movies that I was ten years ago. > <br /> 'California' tells the story of Brian Kessler's writer and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer, who wants to move to California. But instead of leaving on a plain and flying state of the state where they say it never rains, they choose to make a trip by car. She wants to write a book about America's most popular series of assassins and it will make the matching pictures. But because the cars use an enormous amount of petrol, they decided to take another couple with them, so they could spend their expense on the trip. Only one couple responded to the add, so they will automatically have the ones lucky. But they did not meet each other again, and when they saw the other couple for the first time, when their trip was already beginning, Carrie was shocked. Without wanting prejudice, it can only be concluded that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are trash trailers park trailer. It definitely does not want to be in his car, but Brian does not really mind taking them with them and decides to stop and pick them anyway. In the first couple does not seem to be that bad after all, but gradually Early Grayce changes from a garbage hillbilly to a murderer who remorseless ... <br /> <br /> Not only is the story very impressive, so act in our map drive. Brad Pitt is incredible as Early Grayce. His performance in this film can be quite the best ever. The same for Juliette Lewis. She plays the kid and naive girlfriend who does not want to hear a bad word about her Early and does that really beautifully. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are a surprise as well. They both did a very good job and I really wonder why we never heard anything from Forbes again since this movie, because it really proves to have a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> Overall this is a very good and impressive psychological curriculum with a very powerful story, but because of the graphic violence, I can imagine that it may not be everyone's taste (although I'm not really see another way how to show a serial killer in a credible manner). Personally I really liked this movie very much and the violence never bothered me (it's part of the story that's too important to be left out). I reward this movie with an 8/10.
