It's a road movie, with an on-board killer. Brian Kessler (David Duchovny), a sophisticated, urban writer, wants to search the field of American reliable assassins. But neither he nor his girlfriend, Carrie (Michelle Forbes), has the money for a cross-country tour of murder sites, to advertise someone to share travel expenses. Whom they end up with is a young couple, Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend, Adele (Juliette Lewis), the best example of "poor white dish" you will never find in any movie. /> Indeed, Happiness and Adele are what makes this movie so fun, as they are babble, cackle, confide, muse, speculate, drool, and otherwise behave in ways I have not seen since the reruns of "Beverly Hillbillies yo ". Early Ideas in California: "People think faster out there, against all this time warm, cold weather makes people stupid." That's enough to convince Adele: "I guess explaining why there are so many people around here." Which early answered with pride: "It sure". Early adolescents continue to teach Adele to California: "You never have to buy any fruit on it all on the trees ... and have no speed limits, and I heard your first month of rent free, Early Early has some, well, mental problems, which have become ever evident to Brian and Carrie as the four travelers continue westward across the US As they enter the Southwest, with its pretty magnificent landscape, California "begins to look more and more like the" Hitcher "(1986), and Early Begins Acting More and More Like John Ryder, Menchal Maniacal Everyone, whose horror seemed to be irresistible. "California", the act is uneven. Duchovny's performance is flat. Brad Pitt is amazingly effective, despite his overacting at times. Michelle Forbes is great as the avantgarde, art photographer. But my choice for better performance goes to Juliette Lewis. With his nose and heavy-duty South accent, it is stunning, as the naive, very animated, children like Adele. <br /> <br /> Towards the end, the movie takes on a Crisis Zone feels like our traveler enters a Nevada nuclear test site and a dilapidated old house full of test mannequins. The scheme dissolves instead of unnecessary and preposterous disruption of violence, a somewhat disappointing end. In general, however, "California" is a fun movie, thanks to a clever concept, great scenery, especially in the second half, good cinematography, great dialogue, and wonderful performances by Juliette Lewis.
