Frankie Dio (Lee VanCleef) is a high-ranking mobster who gets himself into the police or illegal gambling (for obvious reasons I am). Tony (Tony Lo Bianco) is a low level thug that is often a pool room and spends Frankie free her unbeliever. Being in the right place at the right time, Tony gets arrested with Frankie and was sent to prison ... where they form a bond that can not be a good friend, but it will do so now. This movie came to me under the title of "Frank and Tony", which is disappointing because I see an alternate name is "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony", which would help sell movies to more effectively. I suppose that this is a homage to the "Mary Hall, Crazy Room" but what do I know? I watch it shortly after another Italian crime movie, "violent professional", and I must say two complement each other very well. <br /> <br /> The Italians have always been lagging behind Americans in their budget and production value, which is a real shame and this movie. He is considered a "grindhouse" film, which unjustly disassembles it in a b-movie (or worse). With a clean sound and pictures, this could be a Hollywood hit, I suspect. I found the story very interesting, the characters (and actors) better than average and unlike the "violent professional" scheme is fairly clear - not too many high characters. <br /> <br /> If you love Mafia movies or movie crime you should give this one try. A movie about the crowd that is actually coming from Italy (how much more authentic you want?) It's as much as you can ask. Sure, it's not The Godfather, but it does not suppose. This is not a drama, it's a light comedy, heavy movie buddy action ... like "Hard Hard and a Vengeance" at the point of view of the bad guys. Well, okay, not really. <br /> If there is nothing else, this movie makes me want to check out other films from the director and cast in principle. Films besides "escaping from New York" (where VanCleef plays "Hauk") and the usual cinema movies. What's more fun than discovering a classic loser?
