Although I am grateful to this obscure gem of Italian feature cinema features in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience" box series, and although it's also available on discs under the titled troubled pomp and stupid "Escape from Death Row", I Honestly, it deserves a good and luxurious DVD edition, completely in its original language and subtitle options (the dubbing is really horrible), photo quality is restored with a truck of special bonus features! Heck, I do not even need to restore quality photos and bonus features if only we could watch the movie in its original language. "Frank and crazy Tony" are a fast-moving mafia rapid / crime and a lot of violence, comedy (which, admittedly, does not always work), feminine beauty and two character witty characters. Tony Lo Bianco is terrific as the Thug is pretending to be the biggest city donation. When the real crime Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) came to town, he saw an opportunity to climb the ladder by offering his services. Frankie initially ignored the little thief, but they eventually formed an easy team when Frankie's entire entire criminals turned against him, and a new French criminal even killed Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie to escape from prison and together they put themselves to Frankie's Frankish remix. The script of this sad sadness jailed crime jerk triggers to enhance courageous & suspicious action and light-headed bits of comedy, such as the grotesque machine chasing the narrow French French roads for example. Constructed towards sequential mafia execution sequences (guided by an excellent Ortolani score rhythm) are extremely tense and current killings are sadistic and relentless, which is probably why the movie is considered a bit of a classic grindhouse. The movie lacks a strong female lead, as the stylish beauty and amazingly horrendous Edwige Fenech Unfortunately just appear in a couple of scenes, and then always in the background. About to the guys behind the camera, responsible for the superb movie, there was no less then Joe D'Amato. Great movie, highly recommended to fans of Italian exploits, and I hope to look it again soon in its original version.
