I've never heard of Leos Carax until her merchandise segment in Tokyo's recent year, and it's been easy to stand out from the movie three times. It was not my favorite in the shorts, but it was the most unique, with the most iconic. "The Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of its full length feature, I saw, a romantic movie that used images and music to communicate a very young little boy who was overwhelmed by the poetic. Though he was classified as a neo-New Vogue, his film must be as much of silent movies as the 60's experimental story. His film is near Jean Vigo's "L'Atlant", Jean Cocteau, and Guy Maddin, passing Godard and Truffaut. The Carax 1984 girl's girlfriend uses black and white and the heavy reliance on visual representation for emotional state shows. It combines the exaggerated world of Maddin, but based on a fact that never seems quite stable like Cocteau, but by virtue of its expression it becomes more accessible, emotional, and engaging like Vigo's movies. The Boy Meets Girl is simple, and similar to the Carax two films that contain this "Young lovers" trilogy. A boy named Alex was played by Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in the next of Carax's movies), has just been thrown by his girlfriend who fell in love with his best friend. At the first stage he nearly killed his friends on a boardwalk but stopped short of murder. She walks around to remind her not to sound in her neighbors having sex, and daydreams of her lover and best friends are getting intimate. He steals records for her and the leaves of her friends apartment, but avoids contacting either of them directly. He is grueling around to find his way to a party, where he meets a young suicide woman, and the movie becomes part of Breathless and Limelight party. <br /> <br /> Later it is advised by an old man and sign the language "speak for yourself ... young people today is like to forget how to talk." The old man gives an anecdote about working in the days of silent film, and how a shy actor cut stage became a "lion" confident air when in front of the camera. Heres where the movie's movie tips, but references to the silent film bra is a critical scene, since it overlaps the style of the movie (silence and expressionism), and the content (a young lovelorn tries to work hard and do things he really wants). Though Alex is the first plaintiff and a torrent of romantic words rolled out to him in the end, he is the shy actor who gets a lion thanks to the movie microbes in his inner feelings that are not easy to pin out at the time moment, aside from the desire to fall in love. <br /> There is a scene in the movie where Alex retreats from the party in a room where guests have stashed the kids and babies, crying in a choir that fills this room, until it turns on a tape of a show Children are silenced. Suddenly due to a TV glitch finished up playing a secret toilet cameras that reveal the hostess pleading herself to her wig to someone she lacks. As Carax is self-reflection and self deprecating in the very kind of envious dog comes to her age trying to say (the room full of baby crying), she was mature enough to see in the initial irony lovelorn in all of the movie movie cross. Even the old rich, the bell of the ball has a brother missing. At another stage a former astronaut stares to the moon he once walked over to his teens while begging a cocktail in silence. Though endebted by film before talkies, Carax is a master of music, known as the "Holiday in Cambodia" Dead Kennedy, or an early song by David Bowie, sounds a piano player, or a gay little girl. <br /> <br /> At The Boy Satisfied Girl, when a man gets the broken hearts we see without pouring out of the shirts when a couple kisses on the sidewalk are turning 360 degrees as if attached to a carousel , when Alex enters a party feels out of its place, because the most interesting people in the world really are in attendance; such as the famous author who can not speak because of a night laps in his brain, or the Miss Universe in 1950 stands just across from the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry, and Wes Anderson, whose florist and original story of whimsy, all have a parallel to different visual, musical, and emotional signals in these Carax movies. Each line of dialogue, each piece of music with all the effects and modifications of this movie resonated with me on some emotional levels, some I miss the articuler words. There are many stories of a girl's boyhood meeting, but rather than just exploring the banal details of any particular event this film captures the statistical truth of adolescent passion and deception. The other movies you want to watch can wait. Look at this first. If I made the movie, I would like to be like this, in fact I wish all the movie was like this, where the ephemeral gets bigger than life, and life itself gets a dream.
