Put yourself in Carla's shoes. It's a lot of workers, unappreciated drudge administrative who is invisible. You know him: he has been training three of his three patrons, knowing where his body is buried, can even look back at you in the mirror when you brush your teeth. Always have time for another overworkable job and better than most of a serious disability, having the office on the way to the bathroom that gets the deposit in half finished coffee cups required to be spilled. What? You do not want to hear it? Well, it can neither nor you can until your hearing aid is in place. Prepare to experience life from the perspective of the hearing problem. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) needs a change in her life. Work is leading nowhere; Friends are resting on it to meet domestic needs and the road only begins with a collapse that goes virtually unnoticed. It will not take a vacation - a deal that will be crucial - so the only alternative is to hire an assistant. Carla submits conditions that convey her real needs: a 'well-groomed' man. This brings an applicant for approval that reminds us that we should be careful about our wishes. Word (Vincent Cassell) did everything wrong from the beginning of his work interview and received his enterprise to clearly demonstrate Carla's interest in the type of non-relevant work. She sees the potential of this ancient thief and as the story unfolds, the relationships are growing in a very unusual pattern of co-dependence. Paul had a hard transition to return to the world outside the prison walls and found himself in another sort of prison: one of the office variety and another in freelance slavery to pay an old debt. His skills as a thief help Carla win a political battle in the office. But Paul sees a grander opportunity with Carla's skill in lip reading and draws him even further in a world of intrigue. This is a brutal movie unrated unprecedented and probably suitable for older ones. Carla is growing more powerful, professional as well as personally, as the story progresses with disability giving its clear advantage over the rest of us. She grew up as a woman discovered her sensational side while using her resources to overcome the obstacles in competing in a world. <br /> <br /> Two main characters mean for each other, in a strange way. Without Paul, Carla will remain in her role in a door. He has our sympathy, hope and best wishes even if he does not make the best decisions on the road. <br /> You will hear the world in Carla's ears, from the left adjustment of your hearing aid, skipping sounds, all but tin without it in relatively different voice when you can see who's talking. With one big disability, we see Carla's intensive energy to offset. And we all can use this sense to hear not only what people say but also what they really mean.
