WWE has produced some of the worst pay-per-views of its history over the past few months. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December Dismember were aloud to say the least and that he rested on his B brand's show, Smackdown! to try to finish the year on a high score. Armageddon has two great GIMMIK matches in the last ride with Inferno matches, the three championships were on the line with an exciting event in the form of a tag team warrior featuring Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of these championship matches that made us not only the match of the night, but also now a match of the year candidate when Teddy Long gave us fans of an early Christmas gift. T-Lo changed the Championship WWE tag team from Champions, London and Kendrick against in Regal and Taylor at a team of four Skills team including MNM and the Hardy Boyz. <br /> I will not stay on this match too much as nothing I can say could do it justice. This had to be seen to be believed. There were many high and many more bumpy uprisings and awkward landing. Move to one I have to talk about however was the one who took Joey Mercury right in Midway in the emergency room of the tournament. Jeff Hardy flew on a ladder that was set up in viewing position and Matt Hardy kept both members of the MNM on the opposite side of it taking the full force. Unfortunately for Mercury he did not get his hands up to protect his face and took the ladder full of strength in the nose and left eye. This was vicious. His face was instantly a mess for everyone to see and not surprisingly this morning's early Mercury night. We found out later he suffered a broken nose and cut off his left eye. Be warned. This is not for the faint of heart. Finishing this coaster roller in a match after Paul London managed to grab both championships for the victory. I watched struggling for nearly 15 years and found no better than this match. Incredible. <br /> The night is open and only the 4th ever Inferno match. Kane took over MVP in a good match but it was all about the visual and not really about the action. There was a couple of calls close to the flames for both competitors but in the end it was Kane who forced MVP on the flames after both ended outside the ring. MVP ran around the ring and bent it on fire and had a sick part of me who laughed at this. Can I suggest Michael Hayes that MVP out next week on Smackdown! Johnny Cash's Fire. <br /> <br /> The other Gimmick match in the night, with the second match of a triple event event being a whole war out last match between Mr. Kennedy and the Undertaker. This was a stiff match from beginning to end and was the best of Undertaker's series and Kennedy had yet. Pockets used, one seat and Einertaker scene was cast 15 feet from Armageddon on what would be believed to be the concrete floor. Unfortunately she was sorry to see that this was nothing but a bed crash and crowds did not pop for that. The finish came after a trauma of Kennedy's death on the head that followed quickly by a match-winning toner. <br /> In other passages can be in the map. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by submitting to another stiff match. This was a very good bout and Benoit knocked 8 extra German on Fire at one time. Benoit has also considered whether to put Vikki Guerrero at the marketer or not. Luckily it gets its sense of it and let it go. This led to Chavo trying to roll up just for her to be counter to the marker for the submission. Another match split on the map was the Cruiserweight Tournament Competition between the long-standing championship of WWE, Gregory Helm and Jimmy Wang Yang. Featuring a lot of flying and dangerous spots, some of them took place outside the ring, this was a much more worthy match in the crowd response than it was received. JBL puts it best when he lowered the fans in Richmond, Virginia for sitting on their hands during this one and at one point even started a boring song. Helms collects Duke after a jawbreaker type maneuver and his knees Smackdowns! redneck resident. The Boogeyman estimates the wagers of a worthless match. I hate Boogeyman with a passion. Only you should also listen to the JBL ranting about Miz. JBL is gold comedy. The last match of the night was the main event number 3. World Heavy Champions, Batista and WWE Champion, John Cena teamed up to take on Fenlay and the Champions of Championship Booker. There was no way to match the top team team outfits team from earlier on but entertained no less there. The match was more memorable he gave an extra five to ten minutes, but how many times I said that on WWE matches this year already. It was King Booker which was estimated at the end of the match after a great Batistabomb. So, 2006 is about for the WWe to consider it's pay-per-view schedule. He started the year on a terrible note with the New Year Revolution, but ended on a high and Armageddon. This Ladder match will long be remembered as one of the biggest ladder matches of all time. My hat is off of all eight competitors but their hands on the line give their fans one hell of a match.
