Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is a very lost player in the short cartoon market. This market is essentially dominated by the Looney Tunes and the Merry Shades Shorts, from Warner Bros. But MGM is also capable of releasing hidden gems, such as "For Spring", an amazing story about the season in the most beautiful year. /> <br /> In the environment presented here, spring is not caused by natural sugars, but is manufactured. And by that? Do not go boy underground. Every spring, when the snow begins to melt, they begin to work. They start by rocking rocky columns, then reducing them to debris and using this debris to turn it into liquid color, which will move up to the ground and bring grass, flowers ... In other words, spring! The first half of the painting depicts the spring manufacturing, but the second part is slightly different. Old Man Winter comes back and tries to extend winter by destroying their elevated jobs. So, from this point, we help in a fight between the elves and Old Man Winter. <br /> <br /> The music heard here is delightfully wonderful. Part of the tunewood stick to the top as an ink spot on a sheet of paper. The second party tunes are beautiful and they fit perfectly with the action. This is just fantastico, Giorgio! The animation sequences are also a pleasure. Colors are well mixed with all the little details shown in a massive, seasonal setting. The concept itself is brilliant. The goblins will attract characters, so Old Man Winter, who effectively displays cold and gracious feelings of the white season. There is also a strong message included here. The battle seems to be lost for the elves to the end, until one late sole arrives in jumping off the action and leads to the guns' victory over winter. So the point is: only one single person can make the difference. <br /> In conclusion, "For Spring" is a remarkable classic lost out of short cartoon era. What is even more remarkable is that this design director did it first here. And who is the "Principal Principal"? It's a William William Hanna ...
