"Death is a hand" is one of the early episodes of "Columbo" that has helped define the show for the next thirty years. It marks the first of the four appearances of Robert Culp (three as a bandit), playing the same role in every show. <br /> In this case, Culp plays Brimmer, the head of a large private detective company which is asked to investigate whether the wife of a journalist, Mr Kennicut, has an affair. Although it is, Brimmer decides not to tell Kennicut, in the hope that he can blackmail his wife in return for cutting off information about his husband's business partner. He reacted seriously to this suggestion, an argument that began to swiftly turn violent as his brighter whacks in the face. Because he is carrying a ring, the blow hits him in the ground and kill him. There are some really valuable moments in this episode. One of my favorite scenes is where Columbo pretends to be in palm-reading, although this is in fact a race discovering the shape and size of the ring Brimmer without admitting that he knows the killer has put a ring. Columbo being Columbo, it only reveals what it really knows when the weather is exactly right to turn the screws a little. So at first it goofily plays part of a rather simple-minded man who gets excited by "Life Will Be Mounted on the Moon", or some equally ridiculous Palm-reading Mumbo-Jumbo. Big scene is when Brimmer tries to offer Columbo a job for his firm, effectively peering him to stop poking his nose around. Again, Columbo does not reveal that he knows what's happening, he claims to be honored and excited in this job offer. <br /> And there is another Columbo said Kennicut, in front of Brimmer, that he wants the murderer to hear the conversations. He wants to hint Brimmer that he is on him, without directly accusing him, so it's rather cruel (but understandable in the circumstances) decided to play mindgames on brim in order to shake him in panicking and doing something stupid. Which of course does it! Throughout the time, the weeping Kennicut is unheard of subtext in this conversation. It is only close to the end that Columbo explains all Kennicut (not shown on screen). <br /> I will not reveal how Columbo finally nail the Bang Bang right, but let's just say there is a potato involved. .. <br /> A really really good episode, maybe the very best of the first series. If you liked this then you will also like "Double Expo" also featuring Robert Culp.
