This was the first regular film filmed Kolumbo Episode but again he revealed the second, after Steven Spielberg's "Columbo: Murder by the Book". It's also at the same time among one of these best! Bernard L. Kowalski was one great creative director! No wonder they later asked him to direct three more Columbo movies. The movie has some real and innovative and innovative movie sequences as a whole is clearly made with style, passion and eye for detail. Each shot connects and is the reason that this film is best and also best looking just for any other average made for TV movie. It's definitely one of the best Columbo directors. <br /> It's an original entry columbo entry for a couple of reasons. The assassination is more or less an accident and has been a disinterested act. So the killer this time has no time to plan out 'perfect killers' in advance with it to clear any of the traces afterwards and it has to throw the body. The assassin of this film is not only being occupied as the man who committed the crime, but more like the man helping out Columbo Lieutenant to resolve the murder. It makes the character a more interesting and coherent one as well and also helps make the Columbo way to resolve the crime all looks more interesting way as well because of that. Naturally Columbo begins to suspect her very early on and as always he comes to solution by making himself vulnerable and looking more stupid than it's truly true and is not trusting the killer. This is obviously no beke since this is the way every film Kolumbo gets set-up. I loved the film's story and how it progressed. It also helps the film to have such a fine cast. At this time Peter Falk's movie really made the character of his own Columbo and the character of this was already fully developed. Robert Culp is really great as the brim short temperament. Funny bag is that he would later star in three different Kolumbo movies again with one "Madam Columbo" episode, only in totally different roles. He even played the killer in a couple of movies as well again. He by the way was not the only actor who did this in later movies later Columbo. Also, the great Millan makes an appearance in this movie, like the victim's husband. <br /> In all, a great colonial film early and among them best from the series runs long in movies. <br /> 9/10
