OK. I admit. I'm one of those nerds who have spent so much time with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful TV watching science fiction series. Star trek (next generation) was my first space, and since that time I have changed my partner regularly. I've seen it all, it looks, and my favorites are Lexx, Farscape and the new Battlestar Galactica, in other words: the newest, state of the art space operas. But I also had a general breakthrough on the old fashioned ones, the cheap ones, such as the beautiful BBC BBC exhibit «Blakes7». Here, the budgets are smaller than not, the special effects seem to be made on a 64 commodity, but with concern when the scripts are sharp and intelligently written with black humor, the act of serious death and at times even high grades? > <br /> But why are they still talking English in the future? Because this is NOT the future, it's fantasy for kids. Still, it may be disappointing at times. Me, being a Norwegian, was often annoyed by this terrifying fact that one never made genre series, such as science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought of the fact that this would happen. But he did, actually, once, and even in my own country, Norway. I was two years old called the Fjernsynsteatret (television series) in our national public Channel Nrk produces this three-episode version of the Blindpassasjer (Stowaway). When I first heard of it, I was not surprised at the fact that until today, the show was only tested once in Norway, making it impossible for me to actually see it. He also went on Swedish, Danish, and Finnish TVs in his time, but that was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD released in it, not a surprise either, and when it was screened on a movie theater movie, this happened in Bergen, a city far off Oslo (where I live). Then there is another fact about "Blindpassasjer" that did not surprise me, that it was written by the Austrian Norway Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duet basically introduced the genre of SciFi in Norwegians of the Seventies; They published anthology and wrote what they called it. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers, and has written several great and entertaining novels, even heads, some of them hilarious, such as «Bazar» and «Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost». No other than this guy, also an acclaimed dramatist, could build the script in Blindpassasjer. When I finally got to watch it, it was because a strange swadowed that recorded the three episodes on VCR in the 80's, eventually managing to transform it into DVD and give it to me. It was a beautiful block. So I sit down and watch it, with Swedish subtitles, bad sounds and some scratches and mistakes; but the thing came and I was surprised that I eventually came to love her. The exterior scenes and vessels and planets are better than those of Blakes7, and the credit goes to Studios Caprino (who made the famous Flåklypa Grand Prix), and the interior of the Marco Polo (the space ship) work better than I would expect. The act is typically theater, but it works better than playing Ibsen, to put it mildly, and Bjørn Floberg brings his roles firmly, as Trini Lund. The legendary actress Henny now delivers her line to a tone of tone and puts back that fits the genre, but this is an ensemble game, and I am happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen brings his mustache to nobility, and Marit Østbye is a really hot space chic in my standard. <br /> But is it really good? Well, one has swallowed the rather abrupt ending, criticism of the pretense of "modern society", but yes, it's fine, not really really fantastic, but good, cool, nostalgic and beautiful. One and half hour in classic Norwegian SciFi.
