About your lips READ MY LIPS are pretty little thriller that examines the lives of 'aliens', who live in the periphery of our vision struggling with the need to 'fit into'. Directed by Jacques Audiard and co-writer Tonino Benacquista created a tight, tight, fun little thriller that made some important statements about the unusual and plain people. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a plain Jane, mostly deaf, thirty something secretary unnoticed for a company whose life is one of social and sexual isolation and whose look in the future is rather weak. Paul Walker (Vincent Cassel) recently released a former senior who responded to an announcement to Carla's assistant. There is a physical mutual repelling of the first meeting: Carla hopes for a well-groomed person, manipulation that could satisfy her imagination with Paul is a coarse, normal sort of guy who is not impressed with being a clerk. The concepts change rather quickly when Paul salutes Carla's job by filing his request for stealing a letter that would cost him his work and Paul discovering Carla's lip capabilities as a way to recognize the criminals in his past 'which threatens his life for the money you owe. So this odd couple of a team joining forces together join a dangerous suspension of ploy to find Paul's security and freedom. The relationship is full of twist and corner of the seat suspension and each of these easy characters fulfills the role of life that fills the chinks in the walls of the surprising way insulation. Devos and Cassel deliver brave performance and the rest cast is exactly strong. Once again, Alexandre Desplat produced a musical note that enhances the tension and cinematic Mathieu Vadepied to find all the right lighting and angles to suggest the worlds of insulation of the characters as well as the essence of Hitchcockian in suspense. Audiard's director wisely manipulates a factor that is once tender and transformative for the story: it shows us the difference between 'hearing' the world and without hearing help and doing so making some powerful social comments. This is a fine film that remains in the rank of the best of the French movie genre. Recommended. Grady Harp
