Recently, I watched many of Tom Hanks's films and old movie Chaplin and even some of Bean Rowan Atkinson's early performances, and it seems that all of them have their own unique charm that is instinct in their work, something that allows them to identify and audience members of all ages, in a way that just makes you feel good. A bug's life has the same charm, it has a real-life connection that allows us to easily disregard and accept many insects, because even if they talk, they are ACT just like real bugs. It's like the team that made the movie to find a way to bring you to the mind of a child and allow us to think like them, imagining the road bugs a young mind to do. <br /> <br /> Honey, I shrunk Kids were one of my favorite films when I was younger, and for me, A Bug's Life is like a more realistic version of this movie , if only because the animation is so enchanting with this style of story-telling just opens much more narrative possibility. I try not to compare it to something like toy story (which I always keep is the best computer animated movie ever made), because the story of a Bug's Life is not quite as good as the story's story, but then, again, almost nothing is. The important thing is that it is always wonderful fun. <br /> <br /> The story concerns a colony of working hard working with an impressive society developing, mainly gearing around building a crop of foods, most of which will go to the tyrannical cricket, vastly superior in strength and overall meanness, and hopefully always leave enough leave for bugs to do it in the winter. We treat in some visits from the crickets, who make it clear that if the bugs provide a satisfactory number of foods, the consequences will last. Incidentally, the similarities between this level of escaping food extraction are tense as the Mao Tse-tung greedy force to feed from its own people during the "Great Forward Forward" <br /> <br /> Fun with the start begins when Flick, the main character, sets out on a quest to find a gang of bugs suitable warrior back and help defend the colony against the hoops. You see, it eats all the raw foods and puts everyone in great danger, so it feels it's his responsibility, but inadvertently ending hiring a group of difficulties in betting circus performers. Great for the audience, not so great for the safety of the family. The film was released back in the late 90s, when many films seemed to have come from two, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and the Arrival, Life of a Bug and Antz, etc. The comparison between the life of a bug and the antes is inevitable, although it seems clear to me that a bug's life is far from the movie, and not only because it's not Woody Allen star begeman and whining in the lead role. This is great family fun!
