(original an answer to a movie review that said a Bug's life was too much, too fast - it was "dazed and exhausted" by the visuals, and seemed to ignore the story completely) <br /> Well, the first , I have 26 years, have a job, go to school, and have a fiancé. So maybe I'm black and just really good at hiding it ... but not only I do not come away from an insect life or dazed, it was not until I saw it a second time that I could even starting to really appreciate the artistic and humor of the spectacular visuals - because the first time I went to see this movie, I got so wrapped up in the story with the characters that I FORGOT that I was supposed to sit there "wowed" by each frame visually. How can you not embed with flick and life-to-existence-pave-and-good-intent life? "Heck" indeed, I find myself identified with this little ant (not to mention some of the other bugs) in a lot more way than one ... and that, in itself, telling me more about what a movie This incredible thing is to spend a whole pound of beautiful eye candy. Of course, it's nice (every blade of grass, tree, rain). Of course, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read the words! Try it!). But this film is not only a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a dazzling explosion of movement and color. No, a bug's life would be static if it was all that and no history. But I'm glad to say, it's not! A bug life is real. Yes, there is a lot going on, scenario-wise as well as visually, but that's because the story and character actually have some depth! Just because it's a movie of a child does not mean you should have to close your brain at the theater door - the kids are smarter than you think! In addition, I think that the PIXAR crew did this for themselves, even before the kids ... and it shows, in the amount of heart there. This film is moving, touching, comic, intriguing, and generally refreshing. The character development of joints like an ensemble is amazing, there is a large number of character growth, and not just in the main character - so bizarre in animation and often in general movies. It does not hit you on the top and its points once it's done - each scene, each frame has a reason to the storyline to be there, and there is no free vaccine. Not always clearly stated in words exactly what will be about subtleties, me, folks; meaning that "dumbing down" your movie and accepting the audience is stupid, which it especially is not. All I can think is, if you can see a bug's life and do not feel anything at all, then you must never make a big mistake, hurt your friends, have a break, fall in love, They were frustrated that no one would listen to you, lie in someone you care about, felt like a mischievous social, got excited about a new idea, come up with a great idea, had what you thought was A good idea was left, one minute and the next confidence, felt the pressure of responsibility, stood for yourself and your loved ones, stood alone against the crowds, felt like a failure, was feel like a great success, felt the need to make a difference with your life in the lives of others ... well, you get the point. The final words: A + rating from me; Please, if you're going to see it try to see it in the theater (pan and video scanners are NOT going to work for this movie); if you loved story games you will most likely like this (PIXAR know how to make movies and hearts); if you like it to see it several times or still will not know what you are missing (the amount of detail and intricacies here is considerable); and every time you feel really low, just pretend it to a grandson, okay?
