While I do not think this was a perfect 10, I agree it was way above a 6 that is what he rated here. No, Brokedown Palace was not perfect and yes it was drawn to many times before. That does not mean he should not do anymore if he's doing well and I think that this film has some strong moments. Acting in Claire Danes, as has already been mentioned many times, was offensive as Kate Beckinsell and I thought Bill Pullman was absolutely terrific as their performance was supported (Pullman's wife, the croaking cop, jumping or touring or whatever name she was) . The cinema was also very well filmed, there was plenty of this good movie though there were some negative (the three biggest ones I found) as well. <br /> Here is what I do not like about it-the friendship between the girls-In fact, their own personality-girls have not developed in depth until late in the pic. It would not have been prohibitive to lose interest before that time, because, despite the positives, more character development would be done earlier on with certain scenes as when the girls were originally arrested, they were almost glossed on so there was a little as many jumps around without the development of characters and scenes I think were appropriate for this type of movie. That, however, is not my biggest problem. And WARNING-SPOILER AVAILABILITY. <br /> The finish as mentioned dozens of times already, was AWFUL. It was terrible in respect. Firstly, though it might be predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful sequel but in a movie like this, there is a sense of justice that will be used by I sat down to see it. I was really shocked at the finish and she did with excellence at all involved but I feel both girls should have got out, or, prevent that, at least the cop should have what came up with. I mean nothing happens For the bad guys, they all get away with it. Very disturbing. <br /> Also, I do not understand the ambiguity of the finish. I understand the inspirational theme of making a thought, but that was not a mystery movie or movie "Clue" we watched, and I would like to know something about what actually happened, who was guilty, etc., and this end we have decided to decide ourselves but since I somehow doubt there will be a sequel, I did not want to remain puzzle. <br /> <br /> Still, there was a lot of love about this movie, and the act is definitely at the top of the list, I would rate this a 7.5 and say it is definitely worth a look.
