In the film "Brokedown Palace," led by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decided to celebrate high school graduation by taking a trip to Hawaii, but hearing Bangkok, Thailand, is much more fun. They changed their plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling the parents the change of plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really nice guy called Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He told them that he would trade in his first-class ticket in Hong Kong for three economics tickets so that they could spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted their bid and on entering the airport two were arrested for drug smuggling. They were sentenced and sentenced to thirty years in prison. <br /> I think Kaplan tried to show the audience that he was wise to make good decisions because in one instance a bad decision could change the direction of a lifetime forever. Also, a friendly figure can not be as friendly as we think once we get out the real intentions in that friendly face. These girls made a decision by telling parents that they had changed their plans and changed their lives forever. These things have a humorous way of passing the decisions that we made to the verses that we should make. Sometimes life is not fair, so it is important to think long and hard about the choices we make because we can never come back and change the choices we have made. <br /> <br /> This movie has a great environment; He was filmed mostly in Bangkok Thailand. This film also has great music; a few of my favorite songs are 'silent' by Delerium, 'Damaged' by Lead, 'Delivered by Sara Bightman and' The Party Just Beginn 'by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the band after watching this movie. These girls where young and naive and failed to think their plans come out well, a mistake that anyone can do, that's why this movie is good for any audience. It does not make any difference between young people or adults - all of us are people and subject to mistakes. Though, I did not like the way this film ended up leaving me in question - which really smuggled the drugs? - I would definitely give this movie two thumbs.
