We all have friends. Some of us are more than others but there really are one or two people that you feel really close, who you can tell them as your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see this from the beginning. They graduate together, go to the parties together and decide to go to Bangkok together when they were supposed to go to Hawaii. They also get busted to try drugs in a third-world country that has disastrous consequences. The rest of the film is about to survive and not give up hope. It also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good movie, it is not excellent and that's due to a few issues that I want to talk about. But before I mean what's good about the movie. And for the beginning of the act is the top teeth, and you can look no more than two leads. Danish and Beckinsale are perfect in the roles they have. Alice is still fire and looks a little rough around the edges, but it looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes that fun can get it into trouble. Darlene is still a little on the conservative side and although that can be irritating at times, she would have served the two girls better if her way was respected instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is the kind of American lawyer living in Thailand. The movie is also very beautiful. Inside the prison while not similar to Shawshank or Natural Terrorist born or returned to paradise, but it shows that despair (but underdone) despair in the situation that is toward Janathin Kaplan's is quite good as well. We see two girls struggling to do it every day but you can see the spirits being driven out a little more every day. Brokedown Palace is excellent when it talks about friendship and shows how to count on each other to survive. Other things I commented on is the soundtrack for the movie. It increases and compliments the mood of the movie perfection. The song that you hear from the trailer also played in the movie and when it plays you feel that the combat of women in this prison. You can feel lonely lonely and how to despair to be out and return to simple things in life. And it also makes you look at yourself and realize how our chances are to live in society that we do. We have it easy to compare with some countries and believe it or not the music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this topic. Some of the music performed by a group called Delirium (I think) but it's Sarah McLaughlin (bad spelling, but how do you spell her name?). That lyrics and voice are beautiful and haunted and adds a lot in the movie. <br /> <br /> What I did not enjoy on the movie was some of the girls' sort of sort. I will not tell what is that they do, but when you see it for yourself you will know what I'm talking about. Also, I did not really feel that the prison they were in was all that bad. He looked more like a minimum security prison and could be because of similar circumstances in other films that envoys people doing time in a foreign country, jail scenes are still brutal and sadistic. But I did not find that here. <br /> Overall this is a great movie and it really makes you ask the question, "How far would you go for a friend?" This is a difficult question and maybe one that none of us could honestly respond to putting in the same situation. Let's just hope he never comes down to that.
