I've seen this film one million years (5 years to be exact) of that for the first time. In the light of recent events with the Austrian woman Schapelle Corby being imprisoned in Indonesia for so-called smuggling pot, I decided to watch this movie again. I'm except crying out my heart, 'cause me sucker for hot girls in need (just read my review of' Following in Laurie Show '). Some humid eyes have escaped me, but Sunday was full of tears. Why? Not because of the heroines did not worship worshiping and helpless, not because the film was not heartbreaking in the eyes of the two children in the first of their lives closed in almost elusive condition. Why then? Why do not I cry? I wanted to cry! When I rent a movie like this, I except for being moved, in such as no tomorrow, to feel miserable and to love it. This movie was simply too short to do so. It was just as the script had been reduced to the main drawings, and while doing this the psychological aspect was cast aside. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale did an excellent job showing the emotions of their two friends, but this movie just called for more of these girls in depression (and oppressed) environments. The mental journey is missing here for some reason. You only get to see the key moments in it (which is very touchy, I admit), probably because of bad correction. Sometimes I felt that these girls were walking in a postcard. The relationship with family members could also be used a bit more attention. What's up with the relationship between the girls and the parents (especially between Alice and her dad)? You catch a glimpse into it, but the movie does not quite offer the whole picture, sadly enough. <br /> However, this was a great movie, and in the end I even bitten my lip a bit. But I guess this has more to do with the acting skills (and looks) of the actresses (and the music) and then the merit of the director. For honest, I hardly knew that Kate Beckinsale was before I watched this movie (again). Now I'm a fan! Great movie, as long as you do not expect it to be classic movies.
