In the late 1800s San Francisco, poorly-dressed Errol Flynn (like James J. Corbett) is working in a bank, and enjoying the local "fight" (boxing) and co-workers and drinking friends Jack Carson (as Walter Lowrie). One day beautiful Alexis Smith (like Victoria Ware) is walking in "Comstock Bank", where Mr. Flynn is working. Flynn is so taken with Mrs. Smith's elegant beauty, she offered to carry her purse. Smith is secretly taken with the beautiful Flynn, but he was taken off by his brashness. Flynn's good value (actually, pick-up attempts) gets him a complimentary member of the snooty "Olympic Club", which conveniently includes a gymnasium (with boxing equipment). However, touching Flynn's prespepton, and practice practicing (it's chic person on the parallel bars) irritates "Club" members. When an English boxing champion visited the club, members tried to get Flynn to fight the man. They are hoping Flynn will resign, outraged by his defeat - but Flynn wins! <br /> <br /> First Time Producer Robert Buckner put together a nice package for Warner Brothers, and director of Raul Walsh. Mr. Buckner was certainly basking in the success of his playwriting (scenplay) in the brilliant "Yankee Doodle Dandy" studio. Unfortunately, this story is positively funny. There was a "gentleman Jim" - this story is supposedly the real James J. Corbett autobiography film in the "roar of the crowd" - but this film must be significantly fictitious. <br /> <br /> Flynn is a lot of people who appeal to leading; he maneuvered the script lightly, and should have been recognized, by the early 1940s, as an excellent actor. Many of Flynn's characteristics were (they?) Neglected as great performances, and this is one of them. Smith does well to her feminine interests, dubiously transmits her emotions to the viewer. Director Walsh made the silliness look at the list and the morning. Thrust in support is a treasure trove, from Alan Hale (as Pat Corbett) to Walk-on Lon McCallister ("Paging Mr. Corbett") .John Jim (1942) Raoul Walsh ~ Errol Flynn, Alexis Smith, Alan Hale
