James J. Corbett, the world's heavyweight champion from 1892 to 1897, was the favorite role of Errol Flynn. Perhaps because he did not have to arm a sword or be in a west. He grew tired of the swashbucklers and he said in his autobiography that he felt he was sick in the west and could not understand why people loved him in them. It is an enjoyable movie, but hardly tells the real story of James J. Corbett. As described Corbett was the first scientific boxing to win in heavyweight division, a man who used brain and speed over brute force to win. He defeated John L. Sullivan and lost Bob Fitzsimmons's heavyweight crown. He was also a compulsive womanizer and of that was a lot like the man who showed him. Of course that has not been shown on the screen. The character that Alexis Smith plays, the daughter of the banker who falls for him, has no basis in reality. Corbett was in fact married twice and was flagrantly deceived with both of his wife. But after he lost his title and after this film event he concluded he had suffered a great personal tragedy. His father at a time of depression, probably about finances because he lost heavily betting on his son to beat Bob Fitzsimmons, shoot his mother and then turn the gun on his head. The victim / squadron and the family are happy that Alan Hale presides over. One thing though that I did like about Jim. Ward Bond received the role of career in his life by playing John L. Sullivan. Director Raoul Walsh received a great performance from Bond as Blerick, but worshiped Sullivan. Even providing some of Sullivan's bad points that do not make it to the screen like rabid discounts, the Bond's paintings are John L.'s Excellent and the best thing about Mr. Jim. Speaking of racism, one thing that should be said was the fact that Sullivan while the champion refused to take part in the race to meet Peter Jackson's black and in Australia and probably the biggest weight in his time. I say probably because as a challenger Corbett met him and fought him for 61 rounds in a draw. That battle over any other creates a request for a Sullivan-Corbett title match. Of course when Corbett was the champion he refused to give Jackson a title shot. Perhaps he did not want another 61 marathon round with someone who could have been better on that day. Mr. Jim is not Jim Corbett's story, he is a movie of Errol Flynn playing in James J. Corbett. But Corbett was alive in 1942 no doubt would like the movie and likes Flynn's paintings in his life. It's how he would like to be remembered.
