If you are looking for a definite biography in the life of boxer James Corbett, then this is probably not the movie for you. The famed boxer receives a 1940s "Hollywood ization" in his life - making the story far more fun and engaging than real life. However, because their performance was so good (particularly by Errol Flynn) and the script for the likable, film emblems can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn plays Gay nineties-era boxers James "Mr. Jim" Corbett - a man who became world champion champion in 1892. The movie goes from start instead to submit it and follow it to his career He's got the match title against John L. Sullivan. However, while he can focus primarily on matches, most are rather short of the movie (except for matching the final title) and the emphasis is on Corbett's injury personality as well as his relationship with the lady played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, excellent work support is done by a cast of wonderful actors (such as the endless actor supported by Flynn's film, Alan Hale) and the writing really helped bring these people alive. is mostly beautiful on the movie watching the athletics of Flynn as a boxer. While a few of the shots are in double, almost all the boxing scenes of Flynn and did a job to convince as a pugilist. This was a nice departure for Flynn, who generally played "handsome boy" roles or swashbucklers and this shows just how difficult a character he was. For more information, try reading a biography at her - it's quite a rough and dry character before she came to Hollywood. Now, as for James Corbett's REAL, it's about whether you are afraid to find out how the film is not accurate. First, Corbett was not a poor guy from a poor family, but college was educated and bright. Second, while taking Alexis Smith at the end of the movie, they also divorced some years later. Thirdly, the final stage of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the movie, Sullivan was a jerk and this could never have happened - in fact, Sullivan was more egomaniac and Corbett did not 'led guy to describe in the movie - though he did for a beautiful movie.
