Flynn, known primarily for his swashbuckling role (with his antique room!) Take a different fireplace with this movie and it works very well. Play real life rocking champion Jim Corbett, Flynn turns on the explosions blast as he leaves his way from a stifled San Francisco Teller bank to a celebrated pugilist, all while putting one eye on Debbie society. He and Best Carson go to an illegal iron-knuckle fight and arrested along with other male scouts (and a dog!) Including an important judge. The next day, she gets a chance, through Smith, get into the private club's club. He uses this opportunity to hit his way in the favor of his exclusive member and country a place like the club's club's club. His ability skill in the sport will soon have him take on every corner, up and including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.) Flynn is outright magic here. It is the epitome of charm, charisma and appeal to this role. It looks terrific (especially in a hangover scene with his soft hair and wearing a white union suit) and it usually does all in his own stuntwork (impressive!) Delivery line is delicious and it is credible and sympathetic and at the same time duplicitous and scratch. Smith blows the class with the taste of each port and is a good match for Flynn. At that stage, she needed a female costume that could stand up to her foresight and reputation (she was subjected to legal rape charges at the time) and she did so well. It is repelled by its freshness and attitude knights, but can hardly help but fall under his magic spell. Bond is incredibly burly, brawny and immense, but tender when the script requires it. Supported entities provide a young and ebullient young Carson. Frawley is his own counter as Flynn manager. The rest of the cast is excellent as well as Flynn's familiar family and an assortment of Nine Hill Hill type. Everything is very well appointed and well-directed. A few of these sets are amazingly presented. Some of Smith's cheesecloth's cheese on the garish, but he suits the upswept hairstyle very well. It's a terrific glimpse in the earliest days of boxing championships, but it's also for much more. Some of it (like Character characteristic shown in Flynn) reinforces or exaggerates for entertainment purposes, but many of it is authentic (like the methods and costumes shown in the battle scene.) A line is particularly memorable: "I believe You like me more than I love you, but it's entirely possible that I love you more than you love me. "It's classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few zingers pour into the script as well.)
