First of all, I will not praise the film Iñarritu, even I'm Mexican and proud of his success in Hollywood mainstream. In another hand, I see most of the reviews focusing on their favorite (and not so) short films; but we'll forget that there is a subtle bottom line that circles the whole compilation, and maybe it will not be so great for American people. (Though that was not the main objective of the producers) <br /> What I'm talking about is that most of these short films do not show the suffering that WASP was going through because of the terrorist attack on September 11th, but the suffering of the other people. <br /> Do you need to prove what I say? Look, in the short film Bushy, the message is: "You cry because of those who died at the towers, but we (the others = East European) are weeping long for the crimes committed against our women and nobody Do not pay attention to us as the whole world has done for you. "Even though the story of Burkina Fasso is more in comedy, there is a same thought:" You are upset because Osama Bin Laden disturbing you in a wrong way, but we ( others = Africans) would be more upset, because our people are starving, poverty and AIDS long ago, and nobody pays attention to us as the whole world does. " <br /> Look at the Sean Penn Short: Falling into the Twin Towers makes the joy of a lonely (and alienated) people. So the message is that the power and greed (symbolized by the towers) must be dropped to let the people see the sun rise and the flower flowers? It is remarkable that this terrible underground line was proposed by an American. There is plenty of irony in this short film that it is close to be subversive. Well, Ken's Loach (very familiar because its anti-capitalist ideology) is more clear and cynical in going straight to the point: "You are angry because your country has been attacked by this force wrong, but we (other people = Latin Americans) have suffered a similar worst date, and nobody remembers our grief as the whole world made you "You're as creative as this project meant American they are not the only ones who have become victims of violence in the world, you are not alone in your pain and the way we (the others are the names of the Americans) have suffered much more than you have ever since; so we are in solidarity with you in your pain ... and by the way we regret because you have some flavor in your own medicine. "Only the Mexican and the French short film showed some compassion and sympathy for American people; The others are like a slap on the face of the American state, which does not equal American people.
