After deleting my thoughts nearly twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that I can now conquer this review for the French composite drama, "It's my mouth". Having written about five hundred revisions, I never found myself in such a loss of words as I did with subtle stories, Jacques Audiard's inspirational story. Thought was pouring on what was loved and hated about this movie, and while "love" was overpowered, it was the hated element that sparked more debate in my mind. "It's my mouth" is a drama. For more precisely, it is a drama character drama that fosters social uncertainty and chief crimes and doldrums in office work everyday. Here is where this review begins to crumble, it is all these items ?? but it is much more, much more. As a viewer, you pull in immediately by Emmanuelle Devos' painted by this vulnerable woman named Carla, who has lost strength in men in her office as well as difficulty listening to her. Odyard introduces us to the worlds world by removing sound from the screen every time it does not bring its help, causing an immediate hustle, not only from the characters in the movie, but to those who are watching. Without sound, the world leaves open to any possibility, and that's scary. As we look at this difficult environment and women's concerns in her life, we are then rooted and given the opportunity to meet Paul (played exquisitely by Vincent Cassel), a hair-slack-back, mustache-wearing lace those who were just released into prison, homeless, unemployed, and forced by his freedom officer to get a job. This is how Carla and Paul meet. There is the moment of atmosphere, attitudes to attractions. One of the places we think he likes, but he's dark (and here's where it gets even more fun) ?? and where we think he likes it, but it is dark. The role of constant roles creates the tone of the unknown. Who, as viewers, are you feeling most sympathetic for? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla pulls a contract for a co-rival worker, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read the people comes in handy for a make-shift idea for Paul. Skip continuous returns and ideas to keep you on your chair, waiting for the possibility of some bright lights in this dark cave. He never did. Odyard can not just allow this story to take place, it always introduces us to more characters; one just as sweet as the next. Even our stone, our solid foundation and liberty officer is in question when his wife goes missing? a subplot of this movie that's my first madman, but about more debate was a staple final for this movie. But none of this could happen if it was not for our character. Devos' solemnity and home look is breathtaking, as it changes its image to Paul; The truth of beauty is discovered. Paul, the wildcard of the film, continues to use and abuse the friendship for its final final. Then, as we assume one, Carla takes on a final form. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows he has amazing actors capturing his character. Cassel and Devos could just play the whole four hours and I would always sit at the end of my chair. The story, probably the weakest part of this film, is the first random. The interwoven stories seem unconnected at first, but Audiard lets them connect bit by bit. Again, the segment of all interim officers was tangent, but this final scene just solidified the meanings. Do not try to sound wave, but complex (but totally simple) story complex is difficult to explain. There are many things that happen, but it is up to you to connect the pieces. A favorite scene is when Carla tries to discover where some money has been done. Use of sounds and scenes was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic, and it looked as if he was looking at someone whose little mystery unfold before your eyes. <br /> <br /> In general, I initially though this was a French movie mediocre that I could easily forget about when it was over? I have proved wrong. "My mouth" opens the floor for discussion, not only with the characters, but their situation. One will find themselves rooting for Carla in one scene, and Paul in the next. When a discovery was made in Paul's apartment by Carla, I found myself deeply upset. Odyard brings true emotions to the screen with his character and development, and what he missed in drawing ?? The actors could carry. I can easily suggest this movie for anyone, but you must prepare; this is not once watch movie. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Class: **** from *****
