First of all I had to give it to the people who got this together. 9/11 is such a sensitive issue that makes a film that is supposed to be controversial about taking a great deal of intestinal. It's a shame, although not surprising, that the film was prohibited in the US. <br /> <br /> That was said I think the movie is superb and a couple of weak moments. The film begins with the Iranian segment that turns out somewhat reminiscent of Majid Majidi's work (absolutely beautiful "kids in the sky" and "the color of paradise"). Much like these movie 2 clip shows what happened in the innocent eyes of an Afghans refugee class in Iran. Absolutely beautiful clip. Even going for clip Sean Penn which is superb as well. But as some of the clips are other wontiful people are absolutely brutal. Alejandro Gonzáles Iñárritu makes the Mexican clip and just like his well-wrenching "Amores Perros" he does it as brutally as he can. Most of the clip is a black screen with several sounds playing in the background. Those sounds are in the reporters and their trauma as the second plane crash, those who call home from the burning towers and left messages for their families, who were angry .... and combines this and flashes those jumping out of the towers. A clip is very difficult to watch and one that you will not forget. Some clips could turn out very hard to look for Americans as some of the clips could interpret as "you are not the only ones suffering". In particular the Egyptian and British clips that not only say but turn their tables and tell how much the US suffered from others. <br /> I will also make a special mention of the clips from Bosnia- Herzegovina, France, India and Japan (although this latest can be very strong from where it actually is not). However, not all the clips are great and I make a special mention on the clip from Israel that, in my opinion, is very weak. While the idea was good (a reporter is in the scene of a terrorist attack in Tel Aviv, but his story gets bumped because of what happened in New York is something that many of us are living in the countries of war can be related to) the realization is terrible. The client ends up as just some entertainment reporters trying to get some air at all expenses, a guy saying he is a witness and hopes he can go on TV, with soldiers and paramedic shouting just "because ". The clip fails to take any of the drama in this situation. <br /> <br /> If you happen to have a chance to see it then you should, that is, unless you're a conservative in this case you'd better stay out as you might get run leave. But if you're not then you could learn how many of us outside US lived on 9/11.
