As you may know, the subject here has asked eleven Director from all over the world to make each one short film in 11 minutes, 9 seconds with one frame. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): What refugee children can understand the towers fall? Well, nothing. A great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): A weak scheme with a great cinematography ... Just imagine a Wife who is deaf living by the WTC who sees without understanding her dog dog ... Well just see it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The Oriental movie maker has compassion ... For everyone: for a soldier who died ten years ago, for those in the Wtc but also for a suicide-terrorist palace . Perhaps the movie is less sensitive towards ours. - Danis Tanovic (Bosnia hrzgovia): good image, make us travel, for sure ... Not a very good draw. Idrisissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): from one of the poorest countries in the world, a tender and humorous story about five boys wanting to take Osama Bin Laden ... And they could do it but nobody believed them tell them where it is. Ken Loach (uk): September 11, 1973, Chile has entered a twentieth-year-old age. Thousands of deaths, torture: all that was offered in Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and know this changed many points of view! I guess it's because of that particularly short that no American film distribution company has accepted the movie release of our theater! Loach forgot to point out that 1973 is also the year when the WTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico): Impression image that we all know too well, with a lot of black screens. I did not find this one much, it is more a video artist (shown at an exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitai (Israel): an absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc., around a car burned in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): on the anti-Islamic sentiment that followed the 11th September. Very good actualy. - Sean Penn (us): a little funny story that reminds us of a reality commonly forgotten, the WTC has a shadow, and some places now have a daytime they've never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): a different one. Here's not even one word on the WTC, and the action takes place at the end of WWII. He has only one message: no war is holy. This short movie gives very deep feelings, but the appearance of the director would do better with more than 11 minutes. --- so --- a big movie, a great attempt to capture the world's temperature. I love it.
