This collection of eleven short stories in one movie is a great idea, and featuring some great segments, but also some disappointing surprises. Based on tragic events September 11, 2001 in the United States of America, eleven directors have been invited to give their approach to American tragedy. Most outcomes are not just a sympathy of the American people, but mainly of intolerance in the world with different cultures and people. Ken Loach (UK) presented the best segment on September 11, 1973 in Chile, when the Democratic Republic of Salvador Salvador was destroyed by dictator Augusto Pinochet and the support of the USA. Other excellent segments are one of Youssef Chahine (Egypt), showing the world's intolerance, and the number of victims made by the United States government in different countries along the contemporary history; and one of Mira Nair (India), showing a true story of injustice and prejudice against a Pakistani family, whose child was wrongly accused of terrorism in the United States when he was a hero. Beautiful: Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran) shows innocent refugee children to prepare an unofficial shelter against bombs, while teachers are trying to explain what happened on the other side of the world; Claude Lelouch's romanticist (France) shows the life of a couple in New York near the WTC; Danis Tanovic (Bosni-Erzegovin) shows the effects of the wars in a small place and the solitary protests of the widows; Sean Penn is very poetic, showing that life goes on; and Shohei Imamura's story is probably more impressive, showing that there is no Holy war but sadness and shame. The segment of Idrisissa Quedraogo (Birkina Faso) is very naive but terrible pictures of the poor conditions in this African nation. Segment of Amos Gital (Israel) is extremely boring and manipulative, showing more violence and terrorism. Segment of Alejandro González Iñárritu is extremely disappointing, horrible, without any inspiration and certainly the worst one. <br /> <br /> My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "11 de Setembro" ("September 11")
