French production of leading film directors from 11 countries was invited to create 11-minute short films to transform their reflections on the events of September 11. The film segments vary widely in content and quality. Two US allies in the terrorist act (in Chile against Allende, who died on September 11, 1973, showed in the segment by British director Ken Loach, and Palestine by US-backed Israelis, shown in the segment from human directors Egypt Youssef Chahine). One more remembers other destructive acts (a Palestinian suicide bombing in Tel Aviv, shot by Israeli director Amos Gitan; Japanese "Holy War" against the West in WW II, by Shohei Imamura). in several stories. The shadow of New York City's shadow of an old grief suddenly disappears as telescope of World Trade Towers in the ground at Sean Penn's piece, brings joy at momentary momentum. But in this bright light he can finally see that his wife is really gone. In Mira Nair's film, based on a real incident, a missing man, also in New York City, the son of a Pakistani family, is primarily supposed to be a terrorist save, but later he proves to be a hero of the animals Kill himself trying to save others from the towers. <br /> There are tough times very busy at all. Loach was exiled to Chilean people whom Saint Augustine quote, in the hope that is built up in anger and courage: anger in the way things, their courage has changed. Imamura tells us that there is no such thing as a holy war. Samira Makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her afghan toddlers, exile in Iran, trying to tell them about the events that just transpired in New York. But they are more impressed with a great event in refugee camps, where two people fell into a deep pit, one killed, and the other sustained a broken leg. This is comprehensible tragedy on a grand scale for children 6 years. <br /> <br /> Idrisissa Ouedraogo, from Burkina Faso, creates a drama in which son of a woman sick of Osama bin Laden's spot in the villagers and gathers her buddies to help capture the terrorist's escape, in order to get $ 25 million US rewards. He tells his friends that no adult knows their plans, for how big they would simply waste money on cars and cigarettes, while he plans to help his mother and other sick and oppressed people. / It is the Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (maker of "Amores Perros") which gives away from the most powerful and refreshing segment, one that, for the most part, shows only a dark screen with passersby audio tapes in songs and voices and occasional crumbling sounds. Super short visuals gradually allow us to see bodies that fall from the high floors of the towers, and plunges on us that thuds are those bodies to hit the ground. The sequel ends with extreme orchestral music with a still shot, giving a first sentence only in Arabic, then with an added translation: "Does God's light guided or blind us?" (In many languages ​​and English translations) Grades: 8/10 (B +). (See on 10/31/04). If you would like to read more in my comments, send me a message for directions to my website.
