It was clear from the beginning that 9/11 would inspire as many films like World War II and Vietnam combined; However, there is certainly a great danger that most of these films come about are as good (or rather: bad) as Pearl Harbor. It's a great chance that the first international release on 9/11 is not a cheesy love story starting a bunch of handsome figures, but a collective work of 11 directors from the whole world. Does not intend to say that all 11 episodes are great (Youssef Chahine's, for example, has a useless prologue and cut too much with the Shohei Imamura having a really rare finish) or that the segments are in the right order (imamura, The only one was not referred directly to the Twin Towers, should open the movie, not finishing it, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu would be the last one instead, as it's one of the most impressive ones. But it is an impressive effort and an interesting portrayal of the way other parts of the world react to the collapse of the twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider the opening of Samira Makhmalbaf's opening, in which an Afghan professor tries to explain to her students what happened in New York and unsuccessfully suggests a minute silence. Or Idrissa Ouedraogo's party (which features a bin Laden-Double bin very similar to the real one that you will be shocked when you see it, I promised), in which 5 boys muse about the good things that can do with the reward put out on Laden. There's a surprisingly good segment (and very angry) by Ken Loach on a man from Chile talking about what he calls "Tuesday 11 September" - which September 11, 1973 when elected president Allende died and Pinochet installed his dictatorship '- with generous help from Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could be a terrible effort in Anti-American, but it has become a sad story and shared my gratitude for the best segment with the Inarritu (especially sound impressions and phone calls from the plane aircraft in a black screen , sometimes a few photos of those who dropped down the WTC and finally a broken tower, ending with the screen shining up with a raised question) and the Amos Gitai on a hysterical reporter attempting to decline to get on air after a bomb machine exploded in Tel Aviv (hard to recognize, but this one of a whirlwind) .. All these different segments (I have not mentioned yet Claude Lelouch on a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic on a demonstration in the Women in Srebrenica, Mira Nair - is unusual, but it takes an American director to be part of which is most appealing to Western flavors - about a Muslim family of children is under a terrible suspicion after 9/11 and Sean Penn and Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower who lives the most depressed on one can imagine) adding up to a unique movie is not easy to watch and hard to forget. I'm sure this movie will be a classic known every thirty years since now. I hope it will be remembered to start a long tradition of global cinema movies. But alas, it's far more likely it will be remembered as a one-movie-only effort. And as one of the 9/11 cinemas made by then does not diminish this horrible event in a love story and a happy ending just please the audience.
