This dramatically involving drama-drama drama 2007 is like a great, juicy piece of Shakespearean level slice from a master filmmaker who knows how to draw out the wildly, performance-edge performance of his actor. Considered for starters - Henry Fonda's disseminating jury at "Twin Men Angry", Maryland Katharine Hepburn's Deliram in "The Long Day Night's Night", Rod Steiger's Camp Conflict Campaign at the "Pawnbroker", Lion's Lion Lion's "Network", and alcohol advocates of Paul Newman in the "Verdict". The list includes some of the finest screen work of the past century, and you can safely add Filip Seymour Hoffman to desperately control Andy Hanson's ranks. At 83, director Sidney Lumet shows no signs of octogenarian fatigue, and in fact, he revels in the first melodramatic turn-off Kelly Masterson's melodrammatic turn of sketching the scale. The scale of the story is deceptively small as it focuses on moral compromises which fend off to a family where the two brothers became desperate for immediate cash. Woody Allen has followed a similar fraternal dynamics in his latest film, oddly traversing "Cassandra's dream", but Lumet has neither been traced nor cautious in his fierce approach to this inevitable story of ambiguity and disappointment. The plot turned into a crime that was meant to be victimized. Embezzling money from his real estate payroll company to keep him neglecting Gina's wife happy and satisfying an expensive drug habit, list-talking Andy is about to be exposed to an IRS audit. Meanwhile, Hank, his younger brother is a mass of post-divorce, inept falling asleep in his retirement and child support payments. <br /> <br /> Andy concocts an alleged improvised plan to store parent jewelry stores while while neither of them is supposed to be. The goal was for the brothers to collect the haul, and the parents of the insurance claim. Murphy's law interferes in every possible way starting with Andy Hank's pressure to do the job itself. After some kajoling strawberries, Hank agrees with it, but too scary to do it alone, he recruits a reckless, gun-toting busboy to handle the flight. By fate, the heist came to one day that Andy and Hank's mother will open the shop, and things quickly spiral out of control from there. Although the storytelling technique is not new (for example, Alejandro González Iñárritu "21 grams"), Masterson's approach works effectively in delimiting certain events from multiple perspectives so that you understand how each character leads to the impact of the unfortunate event. The acting is pitch-perfect starting with Hoffman's fixed performance as Andy, a reptile Machiavellian whose fresh exterior and natural natural mask mask resents toward his family. I thought it was great at Tamara Jenkins' "The Savages," but it is even better here. Lumet even draws a solid performance from Hook's insuperable Ethan as Hank, thus with the emasculated weakness that informs all his planned move. As father patrons, Albert Finney acts with his typical-career bluster, but it provides the foundation needed for the complexity of the original levels. Marisa Tomei is a clever choice to play Gina, as the actress is economically the key to responsibility, the nature watched in a small, but pivotal role. The theater theater featured Rosemary Harris (now best known as Peter Parker's aunt in the "Spider-Man" trilogy) has precious little time as the mother, as Amy Ryan as the former Hank bitter. There are too many scenes of scenery, especially as the situation is becoming increasingly desperate for the brothers, but the principals inject the energetic noise that they blame. Following the disappointment of the Cartoonish "Finding Me Guilty", it is refreshing to see Lumet's peak shape here. The DVD DVD offers striking comments from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, all those who convene with ease and insight at all. Together with the original trailer theater, there is also a 24-minute better-than-average featurette, "Directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Has Been Made", featuring over-set footage and fragments of interviews with Lumet , two of the producer and acting directors.
