This is a very diabolic story of just how bad things can go wrong. A simple flight. Pick up some serious changes. Find our finances and everything will be hunky-dor. But store jewelry mother and pop? There are no problems. Insurance pays for it all. No weapons. No one does not hurt. Money is easy. <br /> The older, more successful (it would appear) brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has some minor issues. Deputy heroine, cocaine habits. A wife (Marisa Tomei) well, she can not seem to do. Her stomach tummy is gone. Young, sweet, slightly dull-witted little brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke) and a few dinero problems in his own. Behind the child support payments for his daughter, in debt to friends and family, not exactly wowing them to work at work, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet, in this performance at the age of 82 ( !), directs and gets it 99.99 percent right, which is hard to do in a thriller. I've seen more thrillers than I can remember and most of the time the director gets the movie printed with life and the drawings, the inconsistencies, the cheesy scenes, and the finish-up. Here Lumet makes a thriller like it's a work of art. All details are perfect. The act is superb. The plot has no holes. The story is true and clear and it represents a story about human frailties that would honor the greatest filmmakers and even the Bard himself. Hoffman of course is excellent. When you do not have shopping, the presence of attendance man, you have to get by with talent, crafts and much concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is not alien to the sweet, little guy's role, adds a layer of hopelessness and all incompetence too humane in the party so we do not know whether he's pity him or his garbage. Albert Finney plays the grandfather's father with a very intense intensity of his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has magic type of sexiness goes along with her unique creativity, managed to be both vulnerable and tough as nail as Andy's timing wife. (But who can blame it?) It's almost a sacrilege to reviser the movie to give a thriller to five or ten stars, but if you study this movie, as all aspiring movie makers should be well advised to do, you will notice The type of excess (according to most Hollywood producers) attention to detail for real art - the sort of thing that only great artists can do, and indeed can not help but do. (By the way, I think there are twenty producers on this movie ?? well, maybe a dozen; check their credits.) All I can say in summon is, how to go Sydney Lumet, author of a movie killer , and they show the loyalty of your craft and your art as a advanced kudos age. Let's all do well half. <br /> Okay, 00 percent. It was easy that the father (Albert Finney) could have followed the cabins that Andy took around New York without losing somehow. This is minor, and I hope all evolution could have a little blip. Also a wonderful thing why Lumet decided not to tell us about the fate of Hank in the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his fate falls on the chairs room floor. Perhaps Lumet was not satisfied with what was being filmed and time runs out, and she just said, "Leave it like that. It really does not matter." And I think he does not. What Hank's happen will not be good. It is not the kind of guy who managed to run to Mexico and is able to start a new life. It is the kind of guy who gets a "light" sentence of 10 to 20 and serves it and comes out a kind of people who choke those who know he was not really a man when he should have been. /> See this for Sidney Lumet, one of Hollywood's best, Pawnbroker's directors (1964), The Class (1966), Serpico (1973), Chen's Day (1975), Network (1976), and many more .
