I watched this movie in a very strange way - I put it on my Netflix list and could not remember why (other than I knew Philip Seymour Hoffman was in it). Since the film has no opening credit, I did not even remember who headed it. As my wife and I looked at her, I turned to her about 45 minutes, saying, "You know, I keep wanting to decide that I hate this movie, but something about it just will not let me stop watching it. "Then there is a stretch of about half a dozen scenes in the middle of the movie that are really electrified by the performance of the actors. <br /> It was only as credit to finish rolling that I realized it was a Sidney Lumet movie. And I thought - wow. I am surprised that Lumet has taken on what was really a room, little little story about really mean, broken people. But it is a talented testament that I was so taken into when I did not even realize it was him. Philip Seymour Hoffman is really, really good at this movie. Like scary good. Put this Capote account and I would argue the Oscar would have been for this movie instead. <br /> I also have highly recommended features of special narrative and Lumet, Hawke and Hoffman talk about making the movie - it's fun and educational, and Hawke plays the student keen to learn from the master's foot. Lumet definitely teaches you the first rule of work with actors - kiss the ass always ...! <br /> There are a lot of violent, melodramatic movies out there that are ciphers empty when all said and done. And there is an element in which of this film - that the actors fill the air and blast suffer from emotions, and when the smoke clears nothing left. There is nothing to remember about a deeper level. But Lumet gave us Networks and Twelve Angry Men - films that, each of their own ways, were elevated to the highest of movies. <br /> This movie is not at this level. But there is something about it that lingers. And maybe that's enough. <br /> <br /> My final comment is on the comments - if you look at the number of comments on this small film here on IMDb - with the depth and intelligence of the comments, pro and convey a very good indication that something special is going on with this movie.
