Tarantino once noticed on a melodrama from the 1930's called Backstreet that "tragedy is like another character" in the movie. The same can be said - and do not resist bring Tarantino - for Sidney Lumet's best year of year, a melodram where character is in the utmost concern not simply because of what's at stake and cast in anticipation. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece in a script here (it basically breaks in crazy killer mode at the end of a series of climate events that works only at the very end, and even the suspension of disbelief is essential), but his script transmits character before plot, and in a story where the actions surround an heist of critics know who these people are beating does not beat. It is weak as hell, unworthy as Satan, but also absolutely riveting 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Crush it up not only because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script where we see the day-to-day action of character characters before, pop 'jewelry store flight occurs, but because of being thrown into dreaded assemblies (which, I might add, is the specialty Lumet). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are her own own political counterparts and f *** - ups, and the latest approaches to what looks like an heist-digging evidence: looting their own mom and dad's jewelry store in Westchester. Hank Hawke's involves another shadow character though, murder occurs, and suddenly it's tragedy over a Greek scale that affects the brothers and fathers, played by a perfect Albert Finney. It's the kind of material that most actor-like characters, such as Dogs on the afternoon, are unduly influenced by the bone, but only want to love and / or things to wear right, and have the complete inability to meet the needs and need. <br /> In that case though Hoffman and Hawke are matching very; Hoffman has, until the aforementioned last ten minutes, a super-calm and occasional play he likes to reveal him as the brain in the surgery, but then smaller scenes where he breaks down emotionally (ie with Finney or scene of cars and Tomei) pushes his talent to the limit; Hawke, meanwhile, is called a loser by his ex-wife and daughter, can not pay any debt at all, and is called a baby by his own father, and fills the bill in the party in every way What matter- it's not quite as flawed as her older brother, but who wants to pick a straw for this title? And Finney, as mentioned, is spot-on all the way through, making his turn in Big Fish look like children's play (the final scenes with him are terribly traumatic, receding his face into a horror built all in the second half) <br /> Also featuring back support from a dizzy and perversely de-timing de-distribution Marisa Tomei, the Michael Shannon Bug as Bad-Ass White Trash, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris does a brief, precise impression, this is a film that has a lot of skill and heart - but not a forgiving heart - and a story that doubles back on details that are not for bursting devices, but make clear every step of spiral ever part of a hope. If not as mind-blowing as Serpico or Network or the Pawnbroker or 12 Mad Men it comes as close as Lumet's nothing to do since.
