In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is an executive executive in a real estate office that has embezzled a large amount of his addiction and expensive way of life with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). When a hearing is scheduled in his department, he becomes desperate for money. Her baby's brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke) is a complete deficit that must be three months in support of her daughter's daughter, and she has a love affair with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy cemetery an heist of the jewelery of the parents on a Saturday morning without the use of weapons, hoping to find a former employee working with no financial harm to his parents, since the insurer would reimburse the loss. On Monday morning, we would raise the necessary funds he needed to cover his embezzlement. He invites Hank to participate, because it is very well known in the mall where the jewelry is located and can be recognized. However, Hank Yellow and Bobby Lasorda's thief robbed (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal the store, but things went wrong when Momette Nanette (Rosemary Harris) came to work as substitute for the clerk and Bobby brought a hidden weapon. Nanette reacts and kills Bobby, but she's also shot bullets. After the death of Nanette, Father Hanson (Albert Finney) decided to investigate the theft and tragic consequences. "Before the Devil knows you're dying" is a comedy of error, releasing a good story. The originality and the difference are in the scenario, with a non-linear narrative upgrading to the "Pulp Fiction". Twenty-nine years Sidney Lumet has a great deal of work and is impressive to this director's longevity. Philip Seymour Hoffman is afraid of the role of a dysfunctional man with traumatic relations with his father who feels the world falls apart because of his insecure and clumsy brothers. Marisa Tomei is still impressive gorgeous and sexy, showing a magnificent body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed a wrong place. My vote is seven. <br /> Title (Brazil): "Antis Que Di Diabo Saiba Que Você Está Morto" ("Before the Devil Knows You Die")
