The Bible teaches us that love of money is the root of all evil. Love of money leads to greed that can lead to pride and eventually to destruction. Two brothers, Andy and Hank, will discover how far the love of money will cost them and their loved ones the most. Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) and his brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) could not be more different. Andy will be enjoying the success of working in New York's real estate market and marrying his wife Gina wife (Marisa Tomei) who is thinking of a trophy wife if one ever exists. Hank, however, is divorce that finds herself in having the mercy of her ex-wife, her dear daughters, and the endless payment of child support payments. A man who is well-meaning and has good intentions, Hank has no less that he can not escape the water that he slowly raises above his head no matter how hard he swims to stay above it. <br /> However, Andy has his own problem with the only difference between him and his brothers that he hides them better. He committed frauds against his company and involves the use of drugs to escape his fears. His life pressure, and his lies need to keep his appearances, have now caused him to think about saving the country with Gina in order to start over again. Of course, like Hank, he needs money to do so and believes he knows how to get it. How? Do not steal the jewelry store that parents clean and run. This act of betrayal is where Hanson brothers, families, and many other lives will be destroyed because of greed, pride, and fear. <br /> <br /> The Uniqueness of Before The Devil Knows You're Dead is the way in which the story is told. After the flight went wrong, and Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris) who is the mother of both Andy and Hank died, the story is said in a variety of different points of view from various days before and after theft attempt. We learn more about motivation not only by Andy and Hank, but also the reaction to Charles the father (Albert Finney) to the death of his wife. The relationship between Charles and his two sons, especially for Andy, is also exploring with another possible motivation of discovery after revealing little love between the two men. Nanette was loved by her son, but Daddy is a different story. Philip Seymour Hoffman proved once more why he is one of the most impressive actors in Hollywood today not describing Andy as not only a vicious criminal and lack of morality, but also in contradictory ways, such as a man we can sympathize with. Etan Hawke also brought Hank alive not only as a loser but really as a man just desperate to hang on what little he left. Andy and Hank are thus leading to life in a realistic way that it is easy to think of them as not just characters, but the very real images of those who are lost and confused who now find themselves facing the consequences of their actions. <br /> Before the devil knows you are dead is a moral story about how our actions lead to consequences that we otherwise might not expect to face. More than that, our choices can affect those around us in the way we never expected. In what should be the best photo of the year, we see how life is easily broken when the love of money gets the ultimate pursuit in order to facilitate our troubled lives. In other words, there is no easy fix or response to our problems and trying to get them can only make things worse. <br /> 10/10
