The full title of this film is' Can You Heaven in Half A Half Hour Before the Devil Knows You Are Dead ', a rewording of the Irish Irish Toast' Do you have food and clothing, a soft pillow for head you; you can 40 years in heaven, before the devil knows you are dead. First Kelly Masterson senatorist (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumet) was a melodrama contest that explored just how fragmented a family can become when external forces drive the members of the ultimate excerpt. In this film the viewer is allowed to witness the gradual, but almost complete one-by-one bloom of a great use, but here's very sensitive manipulation of the flashback / flash technique forward in storytelling. By repeating the different waves of each of the characters on the central incidents that drive this story instead, we see all the motivations of the players in this case of a go goes very wrong. Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy executive, married to a gina who is in emotional need (Marisa Tomei), and addicted to an expensive drug habit. Her life begins to crumble and needs money. Andy ne're-doing well Hank's younger brother (Ethan Hawke) is a life of break - he's divorced from his curse wife (Amy Ryan), is behind in food and child support, and has lent everything he can from his friends, and he needs money. Andy proposes a key-key key in a small shopping mall-and-pop store that promises safe, quick cash for both. The glitch is that the jewelry story belongs to the gentleman's parents - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy Hank advances some cash and wrangles an agreement that Hank will make the real flight, but if Hank agrees in the 'fail-safe' plan, he hired a friend to take over the current job while Hank plans to be drivers in car escape. The flight is horribly botched when Nanette, filling in for the regular clerk, shoots the thief and is head shot into the chaos. The disaster reveals many secrets about the vulnerable relationships of the family and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) are driven to complete disaster and surprises at every turn. Each day of the actors in this film, but emotionally coarse, gives superb performance, and while we have come to expect from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan, and Harris, it is but the wise direction from Sidney Lumet who makes this movie so powerful unforgettable. It is not an easy movie to watch, but it is a movie that allows some brave performances that require our respect, a film that reminds us of how vulnerable many families can. Grady Harp
