I must admit that I had doubts about this movie before I went to watch it. The main reason is because it was compared to a Hitchcock movie. I saw several movies that were said to be inspired by Hitchcock or that might have been done by the 'Master of Stop' itself, but so far I have not seen any of those films that could stand the test of time. In my opinion, Hitchcock became a household name that is too easily used to encourage some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand I must admit that I was intrigued by it because this is a European movie. Usually it's great at Hollywood Studios who love Hitchcock if it can increase their revenue. But this film was made in one of Europe's most chauvinistic countries ever and I'm sure most French would rather drop dead than admit that movies were inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to give this movie a try and I must say that I'm glad that I did. <br /> <br /> "Looking back at lips" or "My mouth" as they call in English, telling the story of a young secretary named Carla. He is a hard worker and loyal, but he has never been highly appreciated by his colleagues. What has a lot to do with the fact that it suffers from a hearing impairment, which has refused to climb up on the hierarchical ladder of the company. But when it is allowed to hire a trainee who can work for her, all this is about to change. Paul Angeli is a 25 year old and completely unskilled ex-convict. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers it when needed. He hopes to teach him what a regular life should look like, but at the same time he thrust it with him in his old life ... Since I still believe that the name Hitchcock is used too often for describes a very good thriller - that movie is definitely - I will not make any comparison between Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard. The fact is that the man did a really good job with this movie. I have not heard about it before, but it is true that he knows how to build suspicions and how to keep you interested from the beginning until the end. This also has a lot to do with the story very well and original of course. I doubt if someone in Hollywood has ever come up with the idea of ​​using a disabled woman in a powerful role, instead of making it subject to the discouraging of an abusive husband (you know, the story of the typical film story) . br /> <br /> Also worth mentioning is to act in this movie. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete mystery for me. There is absolutely nothing glamorous about their role, but they both did an excellent job with the characters, which make them feel very credible and realistic. Paul could be the average guy hard to get out of prison with Carla's woman typically discouraged, but thanks to their performance, you really believe that these two strong people are both having some bad luck in life but who will be do the best out of it together. <br /> <br /> All of this is a powerful movie with a very good script and some excellent acting. Despite the fact that I was skeptical about it, I soon became one of its biggest admirers. I give this movie an 8/10. Do not hesitate to give it a try.
