I begin to view a consistent model of the movie's 2007 identity. If 2004 was the year in biographies and 2005 was the year of political film, 2007 can be identified as a year featuring a multitude of many of moral stories, film shows, tests, challenges and human moral questions and motives that drive us some things. Although this identification is rather large, I think that a handful of films are released this year, such as 3:10 For Yuma, Eastern Promises, Indian Gangsters, No Old Men Forensics and Others Specific Questions And Studies human moral and motives that drive us into acts like violence or treachery. Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is an obviously stylish stylish story, and quite a black, weak and depressed one in that. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the major classic leadership forces in our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, who many said had passed his prime, but returned to full force and thriller victims of rich crime that. <br /> It is one of those films whose plots are so thick, that one is very reluctant to go into detail. It is a movie that is best enjoyed if they have entered without any previous knowledge the events about them unfold, as there are twists and turns. But the thick plot and rich fight is not at all in the center of this movie; The true focus is, as I mentioned, the morality story; The motives that drive these guys into action in the movie. In a structured scheme like a combination between the films of both Coen Brothers (ie Simple Saints and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two people driving under various shady circumstances pulling on a fairly simple crime that goes incredibly , ridiculous, and reciprocal with full force and inevitable tragedy. And to make it all the more interesting, the movie is said to be a fragmented chronology that keeps tracking down and showing a series of events following a different character every time and always ending where he left the last time. Sizzling, sharp, thick and perilous depressions, Kelly Masterson's scenario is amazingly intense and well-rounded, in particular because it is a first movie. But the movie has more to go than it's just to delectable disasters and depression of depression. First and foremost, the picture looks and feels quite well. Sidney Lumet, throughout his career, still employed an exciting style of cinematography and lighting: naturalistic and yet stylish at the same time. The film brings with it a different time in style and class, and wonderful natural lighting that just looks really great. Correction is self-tooth; combine the sizzling drama-throwing aspect with great time taking that really take time to show the action accordingly. And stay alive, dynamic camera angles and more additions to the style. The film is also backed by a fantastically successful music note by Carter Burwell. The movie is part of it, and of course Lumet belongs to his part, but in the film's dramatic movie are three masterful actors who deliver incredibly good performance. First and foremost, there are two leads. The Leading Package is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who was still an excellent actor, but has stumbled upon the newfound leader-status after his unknowably fantastic Oscar-winning performance in Capote. Turning it to this film is fascinating: seriously flawed, broken, fading. Hoffman has some really intense scenes in the film that really lets his full dramatic anger come out, and not just his intricacies and understands. In his side is Ethan Hawke, who has delivered some fantastic performances in many films that are almost always covered by bigger, bigger actors. Here, he bounces Off Hoffman and completes him so incredibly well; At all, the dynamics acting between the two are just so fantastic and convincing, the audience very quickly loses self of the characters and forget that he is watching actors. Then there's Albert Finney. As an opulent, opulent role supported as the one he asked for a professional veteran and here Finney delivers his finest performance in many years as the tragic father obsessed to the two brothers who get caught up in the crime. I love how the dynamics are between the three to play out. I love how Hoffman is clearly the dominant and unknown brother to choose from his younger brother even now that they are men of middle age; and yet despite that, it's clear how Dadney's father favors Hawke's younger, weaker brother. Also on the subject of the cast, two supporting the female characters ?? wife of the brothers? also featuring fantastic performances from Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, who have gathered just to get better and better as they go on. This film is not revolutionary. These terms and styles have already been explored by the likes of the Coen brothers, and it is very easy to imagine them directing this movie. But for a movie that draws familiar ground, it simply excels. Lumet hires its own talent immense talent and employs its unique and subtle sense of humor in the irony and style of Masterson's brilliant living, intense, and morbidly depressing scenario first time. The lead performance are incredibly intense and the feature film features absolutely fantastic from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but the greatest surprise of the film is that three years after it was an Oscar Achievement all life, much revered as the ultimate sign of the retirement of the movie business, Sidney Lumet proves that he still has the talent Towering to deliver a truly wonderful, resonant, intense piece of movies reminiscent of his golden year.
