Sydney Lumet did not have a box office hit in 20 years and again in 83 has managed to churn out a tight, thoroughly cast, suspense suspense set in his old stamping, New York City. (How it received insurance, let alone the budget after all these flops, is also a mystery). The story is a beautiful one character and characters are not particularly likable but he kept me on the corner of my chair until the final stage. <br /> <br /> Two brothers and problems pressing financial conspire to rob a suburban jewelry store owned by senior parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The flight goes awry with two dead. Most of the film is concerned with the consequences. The action is non-linear and sees two main points of the main character in look, but it's not hard to follow. What is not so easy to work out is the story back ?? How did the brothers come to such a mess? There are indications ?? The younger brother being the baby in the family is his favorite ancestor while the older brother seems to be carrying a lot of luggage on his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but that hardly accounts for him 'Become an heroin-using killing embezzler As brother is the older brother, a couple of Filip Seymour Hoffman dominates the movie, but it is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his bully, with fewer brothers. Albert Finney as their father seems to be in a constant state of rage but then the script requires that. Marisa Tomei as wife hit the older brother of the age of 42 in the sexiest performance I've seen in a lot of a year. The film literally starts with a bang, but we come from this comfort zone very quickly. <br /> I do not know the origin of this story by the first time scriptwriter Kelly Masterton but I suspect that such great Lumet's 70 movie in "Dogs Afternoon" is based on reality ?? It's too funny to be true. Lumet is just about the latest of these incredibly versatile ex-art artistic director of studio and their towering speed could be just about anything that was put in front of them. Some great films are produced in this way as some classic turkeys. This is not a classic of either sort? it's a well-crafted piece of downbeat entertainment. It will probably leave you feeling that you were lucky to not be a member of a family as dysfunctional like this one, but still wondering about how they got that way. We know that parents were happy but we saw that little of the mother and heard that little about it is impossible to pick up her relationship with the boys. (There is also a daughter who looks like redundant). Well, like Tolstoy, we must conclude that "every happy family is happy in its own way".
