What an extraordinary thriller thriller !! My wife and I saw this at Toronto International Film Festival last week and she was far and away from the best movie at an exceptionally strong festival. It's already my second favorite movie ever-after DR. STRANGELOVE and I was definitely on a high emotional as I walked home and discussed the movie with my wife. <br /> I do not want to spoil the scheme because thrillers of this caliber are best enjoyed without prejudice. A summary that I would feel comfortable sharing is that two brothers, played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, are planning to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film bounces back and forth in time about a period of two weeks in time (before, during and after the flight), with a key scene repeating at least three times. Ordinarily, that would undermine the momentum of a movie but never passed during that masterpiece. The excitement, tension, and even the quality of acting only seemed to get the best of the movie progress. In the end, I was on the corner of my seat without looking at waiting to see how it would all wrap up. I know that I have used a few clichés in this post, but I literally was on the corner in my place. I should mention that nonlinear linear scenarios are quite easy to follow. This is not the movie sort where you will overhear the hearing members asking friends to explain the draw during the movie. <br /> <br /> The act is absolutely brilliant all-around, and I doubt I would have the same admiration for the movie if the cast was not so perfect. A small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but this is a minor miscarriage that I can easily neglect. Hoffman was at the very best and some of his performances and Hawke was positively electric. Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (such as Father Hoffman & Hawke) are also very good at supporting roles. Even some camouflaged performances were so impressive that I can always remember every remark, gestures and facial expressions by Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon ?? absolute perfection. The flight scene felt more authentic than any other cinematic thief scene I had ever seen, and I had the same feeling of authenticity in most scenes, especially those with Hoffman. The music helped to build the tension across the movie, often the same notes played on very effectively. I played the music in my head this day, as I sat in other films. In addition to my minor complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was one draw twist that felt a bit incredible (bigger runner, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty darn the perfect lock. <br /> There was about a dozen big movie at the festival that I would like to watch a second, but before DEVIL knows you're going to stand in a league of its own. As a sidebar, director Sidney Lumet spoke in front of the film and presented Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on the scene. Tomei did not speak and act a bit shy so Lumet asks "Can you believe that someone so beautiful would be so camera-shy?" This comment is quite ironic to consider the graphical opening scene!
