Two brothers move (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) get tired of competing for who is the older F *** - up and dad (Albert Finney) loves more, so they have a hair-brained plot to steal Mami and Daddy jewelry stores so that they can clear their debts and start cool. Sounds like a great plan except that this is a 1970s suspended style melodrama about an evil heist heist, and boy, doing things really goes wrong here for our hapless duo and everyone involved. Lasciviously concocted by seniorist Kelly Masterson and classically executed by director Sidney Lumet, "Before the Devil knows you die" uses the heist as his McGuffin dig deep into family drama .. Unlike popular beliefs, Sidney Lumet does not die. At age 83, he apparently made a deal with the Devil to deliver a final big movie. Lumet was in his zenith in the 1970s and films such as "Dogs Afternoon," "Serpico," and one of my favorite films of all time, "Networking". She has somehow managed to make a movie that brings all the features of her classics while interrupting some more modern elements (graphics, sexuality, violence, and play with frame time and the POV) in a tough, vibrant, lean, mean, and provocative. Someone can only hope that some of the great modern (such as Scorsese or Spielberg) that appeared during the same decade Lumet at the top of his game will have this much chutzpah left when they reach that age. Lumet is a master of man walking in space to create tension and develop character. As the cast of finely appointed Manhattan office and slow camera moving camera it creates a cynical sense of anxiety as we never know who would be around the next corner or what this person would do in the room next. Also amazing is how Lumet uses the multiple POV and shifting time-frame approaches. The coherent and classic presentation it uses to make the same structured films of wunderkinds Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu seem like amateur help .. <br /> Of course, what is Lumet is best to direct curved amazing ensembles and tricking them to act in an inch of life. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been, and most likely never will be, better than he is here. Albert Pearney's slow penetration of a father betrays and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece to look unfold. Ethan Hawke, usually a very graphic boy, is perfect as the emotionally disabled little brother who was skating not far too long on his charms and looks. The grid-of-grace, however, is the series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, hereditary at point as his wife steals thieves. Lumet runs into the gamut of emotions that unleash at a stage that is the best of its kind since William Holden attached Beatrice Straight right into an Oscar Best Trading Support in "Network." <br /> <br /> The devil in any big movie is in detail, from Albert Finney's pipe to his car trunk that will not be closed due to a Bender Bender, look at Amy Ryan (cool in amazing turns she's Gone Baby Gone) to her ex-husband Ethan Hawke in his mawkish promise to his girl all three of them know he will not keep up, in systematic dismantling of a family on their slip, in the dialogue beg for charity to cite it (my favorite line being hilariously threatening "do you think I am calling you Chico?") at the excellent Carter Burwell notes. "Before the Devil knows you are dead" is the movie of the year. If something gets better, then we know some other contracts must have been financed with Old Scratch.
