French director films continue to be surprised with the extraordinary ability to simulate the sights and sounds of ordinary, daily suburban life. This was readily apparent with the release early in 2002 at L'Emploi du Time (Time Out), a brilliant character study of a descendant of necklace workers in collars after he was shot in his job. As is little of French filmmakers, many scenes were shot on real streets and in public places, providing a movie theater feeling in the story, but L'Emploi du tan also owns an elegant thanks to excellent camera work and some footage stunning location (most notably a Swiss retreat). Running fairly on the heels of this movie is mastering another impressive French production, Jacques Audiard's Critical Crisis, on Reading My Lips. Actually, this movie tag is a crime maker making it a bad one because it is so much more than that. Like the earlier French release, it is an incisive character study of marginal people using the blood to get ahead of a society that has turned her back on. At a carla construction firm Carla, a shy, diminutive young woman sitting in her office, sews into an office area that is a major path to the xerox cars and toilets. <br /> <br /> in Carla's office of cats and casting the cup-half finished strips of coffee. Particularly deaf, Carla turns her hearing device and over at will if noise gets worried, be it in the paper copying or crying to cry to a friend's baby. When the boss calls him in the office suggests that he hired a secretary assistant to help him with the task load, Carla fears he could lose his job. At Carla's work desk list he wants his assistant (preferably male) as if he was in a personal agency. It should be 25 years old and clean-cut, with extensive computers and capacity dropped off. When the agency sends a mess, menacing young men, Carla is both shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and have lunch at a local restaurant, where Carla interviews his prospective assistant. When she found that she had just gotten out of jail, Carla initially wanted nothing to do with Paul, but she had a change of heart and her staff on. Although it is fundamentally good toward her help, Carla now finds herself in a position of authority and possesses a newfound sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a capable worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live and even cover for her when her freedom officer shows a day at the office asking why Paul lacks his appointment. While one of Carla's lunch breaks informed Paul of his hearing impatience, he reveals his ability to read. And when an avaricious college colleague took on a Carla project that was working on, a Carla anger asked Paul's help to seek revenge on the man. From here at Mes mes Lesres become a drama drama crime increasingly intensified in some of the most graphic performers that were shown on the screen in recent years. Simply lending the element from Hitchcock, most notably REAR WINDOW, where Carla's lips-reading talent enters full play using a pair of binoculars. There is a tinkering, over-again, off-again sexual attraction between the two protagonists ending in a rather unusual day by NORTH BY NORTHWEST, but it works because of the considerable sexual warmth that builds slowly between the two stars. That being said, what one leaves away from this movie is not so much the liking of the classic Hitchcock similarities, although these elements are definitely there, but the ubiquitous look at a modern day city (in this case Paris) where life runs gamut from munday day work in a boozy, garish nightlife where sex, drugs and washing money infiltrate the lives of several characters. Unlike Hollywood production, this is a psychological suspension thread where the people resemble people everyday and women in the street, where a punch in the face or sound hinges like a sick thud and where the office is a place to be was scared. It's Hitchcock and the gloves are off.
