What the film of the 60s really represents (and those of us who roar around in the stomach in America at that time) is the turbulence and diversity of the decade. Despite exaggerated, the stereotyped characters, the authenticity of the problems remain unclear. <br /> <br /> Not only were the radical moments of change, but also very confusing times. Two basic things have changed our world then: the Civil Rights Act of 1964, with the continued influence of the media. Those new freedoms started social changes that soon became institutions. <br /> In disorder became sensitivity, from disease became worthwhile. Put in mind, however, that many Americans have not participated in this ... they worked, played, watched the news ... and slowly realized by their efforts and minority struggles. Civil rights workers, political activists, anti-war efforts, war on poverty .... <br /> <br /> Representation of the power of the press and television in particular, was well reflected, although The controversy between the general public's attitudes and those seeking to change things was to better ignore ... and at worst, misrepresentative. American classes did not all stand around batman battery batteries, or renowned children girls. They were also confused. Let's not forget how Folks singer became Protestant Chantsurs, and how The Beatles began an offensive that killed the Folk-Protest Movement. There are no Beatle songs in the movie, or even any mention of them. <br /> I think if you did not live the decade, you can not have a sense of what the movie is about, overall the picture is a bit dim. At one point I kept down a fixed job while my sister lived in the Hog Farm Community and went to Woodstock. Another point I was in Haight Asbury and Street in Detroit while she worked and played the housewife in Maine and Connecticut. The roles were constantly changing. The film depicts three brothers and sisters in a middle class family. They represent childhood hippies, political activists, and active military personnel. The father represents the typical attitudes, and mom represents the voice of reason, indulgence, and sometimes compromises ... for the sake of peace. The Black Family understands a minister with his son ... disproportionately, I think. I assume that the producers knew all the variables and were resolved on limits, or else the movie would become a long, boring, documentary. Father's message was that bitterly produced bitter, and bitter product disorder. It was clearly a message that led to today's youth. <br /> We are looking for a unique solution to social issues and also how distracting us ... 60s were weird in this way, and only the 20s roaring compared. In other words, this movie has a moral after all. In the end, it is our collective individualism that survives. Put this in your oxymoron list. <br /> <br /> Everyone was a god, a guru, or a free-spirited genius of the 60s. It was a time of magic and madness. Nobody will ever nail the 60s down right ... it was too diverse (this movie closed). At least we can say we are not ashamed of it, that we have learned and grown up in it, and that for once, a generation shaped and changed America ... for the better.
