The "godfather" qualifies as a cult movie sci-fi not only because he launches 27-year-old Steve McQueen on a superstardom trajectory, but also because he exploits the popular themes both in alien invasion and youth delinquency inseparable in the 1950s. Interestingly, no one at Home Linateur & Theodore Simonson screenplay ever refers to the amorphous, red-red protoplasma that falls on Earth in a meteor and menaced everyone in the small town of Downingtown Pennsylvania on a Friday night as the "blob." Steve McQueen was the role of Josh Randall, former West Bounty Hunter at "Wanted: Dead or Alive," after Dick Powell's producer saw the release of Paramount Pictures. While attending McQueen's girlfriend Aneta Corsaut went to star Andy Griffith's star at the "Andy Griffith Show" as Sheriff Taylor's teacher Sheriff Taylor Helen Crump. Of course neither McQueen nor Corsaut were adolescents, but then rarely teenagers play real teenagers. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made his debut with the "Blob." The Simonson Universe & Synthesis Synthesis of Genre: First, the Alien Invasion; second, youth delinquency; third, a murderous mystery, and fourth; a horrific chiller. Moreover, while the gelatinous substance is supposed to have various forms, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the eponymous Jell-O does not speak or communicate by telepathy. Instead, he killed without a calm and discriminating against anyone. The tone of the "blob" is fairly serious in spite of nature a bit. As the filmmakers point out on the DVD disc released in the "Blob," the movie opens uncharacteristically for a sci-scary horror and our hero and heroine in a remote remote village to make out and kiss. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) saw a great autumn of earth's meteor and drive to get it. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteor and prods it with a stick. The meteoric phase opens and a slimy bunch of goop sticks to the stick. When the old clock (Olin Howland in the "Paleface") gets a closer look at it, the goop attaches itself to him. The old guy ran screaming from the crater and Steve almost hit him with his jalopy. Steve and Jane chose the guy up and took him to see Dr. Hallen in the city. <br /> <br /> Hallen is waiting to leave town for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old guy to his office. His nursing home phone returns since he may need to make an amputation. Of course, Hallen has never seen anything like the substance on the man's warning. Hallen sent Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes ran into another group of teenagers who condemned Steve's driving fast. Steve inserts him in an inverted drive race, but the Dave's local police chief (Earl Rowe) allowed him to hook. Steve and the young people visit the site of the meteor crater and find the rest of the meteor. After visiting the old man's house and rescue a dog, young people are cracked for a spooky late night movie while Steve and Jane return to Dr Hallen's office. During the interim, the blob was entirely absorbed by the old geezer, killing the nurse and attacking the doctor. Neither acid to cast on the protoplasma nor the Hallen Guardian has no effect on the blob. Steve captures a glimpse of the bladder absorbed Hallen. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to report the incident, Dave is frankly incredulous, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) believes he's a tour. Bert had a grinder and adolescence because his wife died when one hit her car. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane take them to the Hallen Office, but they can find neither the hair nor the hair, but Dave admitted that the office was vandalized. Account Sgt. Bert's Council, Dave turns the youth on their respective parents. No previous Steve and Jane mislead as they believe in that they are tight asleep in the beds they venture out again. They drive to town and spot the old man's dog who got away in front of a supermarket. When they go to retrieve the pitcher, Steve steps into the front of the electric eye door in the grocery store and opens. They found nobody inside, but they met the patty. Steve and Jane took refuge in a freezer and the patty was attacked. And after escaping, Steve persuaded the teenagers who challenged him in a street race alerting authorities because he was supposed to be home to bed. Chief of police Dave and fire department came to the supermarket. Steve is trying to convince Dave that the patty is in the store. About this time, the blob killed the theater's projetist and attacked the movies. Suddenly, a horde of people from the theater and Dave believed Steve. Steve and Jane wind up in a lunch counter that attacks the patties. The owner and our hero's hole got into the cellar and Steve discovered that a fire extinguisher and its freezing blob force in the back. Authorities collect all fire extinguishers in the city and manage the freeze. The Pentagon sends a team to transport the pate to the North Pole. As the remains of the float float down to the polar ice pack, credit finally ends with a giant question question giant. Producers of James B. Harris found one-thousand stocks in a globe military military transport plane depositing the parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> The "Blob" proved to be a driving hit with Steve McQueen's wobble show giving the movie added momentum. Unless you are a youthful, this little horror movie is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his scenarios create a sufficient amount of paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show the pate to actually assimilate its victims and let this into your imagination, so the "pate" is not without a modicum of finerness.
