I first looked at this several years ago on a now-defenced TV television series; Amazingly, the movie appeared as a DVD from the criteria: not being assured that what I did in it initially (despite having attracted cult years in the years, the proper success is clearly seen and modest even by genre buffs ), I opted not to make the purchase ?? just as I did with the same, and, I, habitually girded without a tablet (1958). Recently, however, I managed to find the blob through a copy of the Spanish DVD which, interestingly, portrayed on the two Audio Commentary tracks from the "Special Edition" criterion but, regrettably, I could not change off the Spanish subtitles playback of the main feature! Anyway, looking at the movie again, I was surprised by how much I loved it (despite a lot of narrative faults, which I'll get later) ?? as a better example of the 'B-movie' bullying (atypically injected into beautiful colors) and a time-capsule that shows the late 1950's social mood. The main man was an early role for Steve McQueen and, even though the actor could instantly watch him with disdain, his sole contribution to the genre proven fairly engaging: not averse to juvenile kicks but still essentially a decent (and, most important, altruistic) kid. The special effects that describe the thin and expanding creature are not too bad of its kind and period; The movie itself rises to a climax? begins with the monster's invasion of a movie (showing DAUGHTER OF HORROR [1953/7] as I mentioned recently in this movie review, but seriously 'flipped' screening and which sequence, incidentally, should tap into the opening In a satirical Italian program actually called "pate"!). As the quibbles are admitly minor I have with the movie: the monster is not shown to travel ?? It just turns into a variety of places, never seen by anyone; There is a discouraging over-emphasis on child's graphs and police; it is funny to have the city doctor to shoot at the pate ?? as if fluid, regardless of the number of proportions, can be destroyed by bullets; Equally nonsensical having adolescents alert the townspeople to the danger by doing door-to-door visits (especially when they consider that, at this stage, only McQueen actually saw the monster in action)! An inferior end appeared in 1972 called the Blob Envoy; The original was then remade in 1988 ?? I watched this not too long ago but it did not seem to be a lasting impression on me (though I know Micheal Elliott likes it). For the record, I will follow this look with two more collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
