Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail, and others have been launching French director Claire Denis in the world's top-most unique scale and performing filmmakers and his 2004 Intruder films (L'Intrus) to add in depth to his portfolio. A cinematic poem that conveys a lonely mood and loss, the film provides a glimpse into the psyche of a physically and mentally deteriorating man who travels to various parts of the globe seeking redemption and peace, but he finds it's hard to come by. Injuries based on January Jean-Luc Nancy in a heart transplant, the intruder is a film of openness to relentlessly that even after two opinions it is difficult to describe it in other than subjective, imperative terms. Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man of sixty who is likely to die in a heart condition with which, like the teacher of the Wildman Ingmar Bergman's Strawberry, attempts to come to terms with the mistakes of his life while he has time . It is clear that it is physically resistant and very rich but seems emotionally drained and the look on his face is one of silent resignation. Even if we see only one violence episode, where it gets out of the night bed kills an entroutor, there's a disaster sense about it. It might be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent, or a hit man. Whatever the case, it apparently is under certain types of surveillance and acts such as a man who is involved in bad mechanics and is only now able to see the consequences. Facial close-ups throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dog in a cabin in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border and has a son of Sidney (Gregoire Collin) whom he has long neglected. Sidney lives close to his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and two children. In a scene, she met her father in the street and called her a madman, but did not prevent her from taking her money. When the film opens, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guard, who framed a van and a dog trained to smack out some contraband. When she came home, she was welcomed by her husband who asked her with tongue-in-cheek if she had "nothing to declare?" Other than the three people, the people and the circumstances we see during the rest of the film can only exist in Louis's imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we meet them all in the first four hours of film film: a pharmacist (Bamboo) who prepares his medicines, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who is a breeder who refuses to take care of his dog 'when he goes on a journey to tell him that they are as crazy as he is, and a young Russian caretaker dealer (Katia Golubeva) who he says he wants a "heart of young person". <br /> <br /> Relax and go to the movie but it is apparently only in itself. In the last section of the movie, Louis traveled to South Korea in search of a heart transplant with Tahiti to deliver a gift to another son, someone he had not seen for many years or maybe never seen. His heart transplantation, however, appears to be a metaphor for a man without a heart, a man whose life was fascinating but ultimately direless, intrigued by the lives of others and little real liking. The intruder has a guitar band haunted by Stuart Staples in the Tindersticks band, reminiscent of the guitar rhythm of Jim Jim's dead, and gorgeous cinema by Denis Reginald Agnes Godard. Godard creates memorable images that convey an attitude of reverence and regret: a heart beating alone in the snow, a baby in a sling up of his father for a good two minutes, expression The baby gradually turns out to be morose in a half smile, bears that blend from a newly baptized boat, a massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse, and the vast arch of the ocean seen from a boat boat bobbing. While the Intruder can be frustrated because of its elliptical nature, Denis forces us to respond from our own experience, to understand the images on the screen on a very personal level. If there are any terms, a hint can be found at the opening that tells us what reveals the poker in the movie - "your worst enemies are hidden, in the shade, in your heart."
