I took on this, at our local festival where people would see me so often thought of me a better source than I could actually have, started with a nod to myself: "Well, I can not resume conspiracy but it's a really superb study of a very feared man. "Then little embarrassment, I ran into someone who actually knew what was going down, that is, from those Trebor unwittingly gets his new heart. It would have been my last movie in a long, half-day half of the festival. Maybe I would destroy. The best of a film is more likely to unleash the dreams that I really dreamed of. Do not know. Knowing there was a wrong O'Henry achingly just beyond my ken as things ended. And knew he did with the heart, hence the quiet talent search hilarious talent. My draw-loss note was more done with the intricacies of Trebor's connection in France, her relationship with the dog's dog and so on, things I would have been awake for. Denis barely shines in detail that would be anchored to another director's treatment. <br /> But I write things too often from memory, especially film festivals, films that have DVDs I do not have in hand (Le Lait de la tendresse humaine is one of many examples.), and kinks plot fade pies faster than bigger impressions. Still, or already, L'Inrus in my memory is beyond anything else a character study of a sort of superman black-side, a super challenge not ensconced in genre or historical trappings but active and possible, relatively soft-talking , drive, but patient, right among us. The brand, once it reaches it, does it, just visually I mean, in image, a sort of Monster Frankenstein monster, angry physician and all creation in one. The current doctors are its tools. If it does not extract and install the heart itself, it's only because it is not possible. It is the force, yet, the parasite consumes everyone he touches and finally himself. What else is it? To suggest it to us, the First World Against the Third, seems too simple since it consumes no lesser than its fellow Worlders first, about all of us. <br /> <br /> Denis's camera - when it looks like things I know - go usually where I would, so I tend to trust it when it looks like something I do not know. Snow hiking, too fast bike, and dark forest I was known in small ways, but the South Sea was not at all, so I did better to enter L'Intrus, both France and the crystalline islands of finish its, passing through Beau Travail. L'Intrus is, for me, a very comfortable movie discomforting. It is a sequence of places to describe familiar, with an intimacy that allows us to know if we have seen the reality or not. A single image, Trebor rises, massive beans on the thin circuit frame, the sounds of air violated and shrieking tires, the asphalt loop, the dark-in-bright-evergreens, cued me that the film should be linear, a road trip, one will want to drive. <br /> Despite the Trebor's personal power, it is a human failure. No matter who it is and, it's alone, though apparently it has not always been. His body tackles life twice, first needs the new heart, then despite it. L'Intrus is trajedi. Trebor is hubris. <br /> I surf perilously the thread of what I remember. Let's leave it at that.
