"The Intruder (L'Intrus)" is a visual pilgrimage of a mysterious life. <br /> <br /> Grizzled Michel Subor plays "Louis Trebor" like Jason Bourne as an old man and a hidden past, living simply in an isolated hut in the woods for reasons reasonable parents ( but attracts beautiful young women who can be useful to him). We learn more about him in dreams, flashbacks and a journey that can unfold chronologically or not, as well as through his brusk interaction with family, lovers, business associates and a hit enemy. Like the "Limey", the movie reacts with parental / childhood regrets and a past suspicion reveals in clips from an old movie and even the actor as a young man (here Paul Gégauff's 1965 Adventure movie "Le Reflux "). <br /> In a complete contrast to humor, we meet her son Sidney (Grégoire Colin) who has to be the sexiest husband of the world, as he softenes and seductively makes home repairs and care for a baby , a toddler and all his wife's needs. Surely director / co-writer Claire Denis must have created her as a woman's fantasy if ever there was one with a lesson of other filmmakers foreplaying. There's another prolonged scene where she seeks her dad in the woods while carefully bringing her baby angels in a bag. It's all her daddy is not and she's all her father's relationship is incapable of sustaining; no wonder he thinks his father is "an oven." I spent the rest of the movie in fear that something bad would happen to him as the true nature of the heart of his marginal dad was very gradually played out before our eyes. The movie is a puzzle, but Subor is fascinating as we look at her traverse land and negotiating nefarious deals, with voice-over narratives for Denis Beau Travail was harassed anyway . We must evaluate from skylines and signage incidents that it is traveling in Geneva, Korea and the South Pacific. The last time indicated in the changing seasons and the marks were created and cured. There are many images of water for cleaning and distancing. <br /> Continuing his Passion and Colonial Murders of Globalization, as well as playing a bit on the mysterious stereotype of the mysterious and Russian criminal, Denis incorporated elements from Robert Louis Stevenson, Paul Gauguin and Marlon Brando to the Tahiti Idil with a memoir of 40 pages by French philosopher Jean-Luc Nancy, the latest for the title and heart transplantation scheme that is used for a ironic theme of limited immortality. <br /> While "Louis" thinks that he has succeeded in being higher than limits, rules and morals, some entertainment in the recent act as the locals do not quite know what to do with it and try help him solve his quixotic odyssey, as he again lies in isolation .. Several people at the audience leave in frustration of the elliptical method, but strikingly beautiful, storytelling story. The narrative originally raises a lot of detailed drawings.
