The Sammo Hung 1989 movie pedicab driver is considered by many to be its chief. I must agree to some extent as the film of her major party really gets as incredible and fantastic as any Hong Kong film ever has. It's a combination of very good and well written drama, fun and sympathetic (and also non-sympathetic) characters, some humorous and truly humorous humorous humorous humorous guitars that guarantee a lot of jaws when someone is not familiar with Hong Kong movies are watching the movie as well as doing so doing the hobby enthusiasts in the unique industry. Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab drivers who live in Hong Kong in the middle part of the last century, I think. They drive their cabins and they are also desperate for love. Sammo is interested in local bakery girl Ping (Nina Li Chi) while Max one day meets a mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying she falls crazy in love with. Many other characters get introduced, too, and remain very clear all the time if the viewer really focuses on the movie and draws it so I can not tell the movie is confusing as it might be worse especially in Hong Kong! Soon we get to know, for example, that a famished gangster family is terrorizing the neighborhood and violent acts affecting our protagonists, too, and thus cites for some of the most incredibly random choreographing kung fu sequences created . As well as some nice dramas. <br /> <br /> The movie has a great cast. Driving is all very good and restrictive (not as painful on-the-ground acting and "humor" as in the otherwise great Eastern Sammo condos (1987), for example) and also thanks to simply writing the writing, beautifully likable and easy to identify with. The cast includes many familiar HK movies that deal with directors of small roles such as Corey Yuen Kwai (director of legendary action and film director as Savior of Souls of 1 and 2, Ninjas in Dragon's and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2) , Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (Jan Woo's killer and School Ringo Lam on fire and jail on fire among others, pedicab drivers included!), veteran of Shaw Liu Chia Liang (who has Sammo has a fighting fate and stick) Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (director of Dark Noir Classic Classic on the run from 1988), late Lam Ching Ying (best known for his friendly face at various HK horror vampires / kung fu / comedies) to name just a few. In fact, dropping pedicab drivers is one of the most interesting I've seen in any other Hong Kong production. The film has some interesting moments of peace on the love affair between Max Mok and Fennie Yuen and a crisis confronting the character of Lowell Lo. They really could do this a completely serious piece if they wanted as the discussions about human values ​​and meaning in love, no matter what's happening to you or what you have done to live, get so reliable and truly effective The middle part that the movie immediately becomes more important to notice than our average Kung Fu spectacle shareholders. Also the other characters' efforts to heal very much touching things and saying delightfully about the human rights and friendship relationship, and of course, love. Still I think that Fennie says Max (about the future "good cooking") is very necessary and the potential tone in the whole segment and its terms come down very effectively, unfortunately. <br /> But then we get things that made movie makers interested in most. That is the action, the outrageous and over-the-top action. The fighting scene includes traditional Kung Fu, some batons, meat pirates and the like and are used here as hysterical as in the most fancy kung stage imagery I've seen in any movie ever, Jackie Chan of Mumbai II ( 1994), they are really great! There are wires and they are very cleverly used and people literally fly in the opposite corner of the room when they get kick or hollow. Simply amazing and yet something only Hong Kong movies can save. Also the dangerous cascades make the viewer keep his breath as the movie has one fast paced vs pedicab car chasing various sevens and dangerous looking jumps and braided twisted flying in the air and breaking and strength of the tough destination. Still the movie makers seem not to "accept" the violence of the movie as Sammo is, like Bruce Lee late, wanting to give himself up after the destruction of final murder of the gangster villa, and I think this kind of moral, no The problem is how obvious or deep it may be, is a good thing in a harmless movie like this, as movies mean to be more than just brainless entertainment. The movie also contains some very witty bits of humor that I'm not sure everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) would understand or love at all. Star gang star gag at the start is definitely among those and he literally forced me laugh when I realized what I saw. Also some funny scenes are created from Sammo's passion for Ping. Still, the hardest-filled amusement has come during the scenes shown in the ancient pharagraph as the great man imagery and flying height with great forces on the screen of the walls or furniture is merely insane and so enchanting I just can not hide feelings me and think about these Eastern movie makers when I witness something like this, and this is nothing but positive and appreciated reaction, of course. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is among the most incredible Hong Kong action films that I've ever seen and easy at Sammo's greatest achievement. If some minor failures were not there, this could be even sharper and higher. 8/10
