It's a gentle, easy-going 1950s comedy. Kim Novak belongs to a Witch alliance in Manhattan. He puts a spell on neighbors Jimmy Stewart from boredom, but eventually falls in love with him and loses his power. Look, the witches allow to have "hot blood", but do not like. Elsa Lanchester is a Novak aunt, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is his brother, then. Hermione Gingold is the chief witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, an author who specializes in writing about witches. <br /> I was described as a comedy 1950 because he could hardly make mistakes for anything else. All so smooth and polished, from the wearing decoration, to wardrobe and draw, to their performance and direction. Take the character of Ernie Kovacks. He was referred to as "a drink with a nut." And here's how the movie demonstrates these features. She asks for a second drink and, though she still puts a jacket and tie as the other men, her hair is a bit long and tousled. This is a strictly 1950s version of a drink with a black. There is nothing out of place; Everything is clean and free from dirt. Sources of Jimmy Stewart's shoes are barely scuffed. <br /> With the zodiac club, where the witches hang out. He calls "a low dive." But it is a place of clean, black and guaranteed politicians, a quintet of musicians, neatly dressed clientele, and skin plants against brick walls. This is not my idea or you are in a "low dive" - ​​not even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​a dip in Greenwich Village is the Julius or Tavern in the White Horse or the San Remo or Swinging Swing, a now defen housewife hangout. The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to that. <br /> <br /> The rubber we always hear about is muted by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is odd because he runs around his apartment to make it. And it puts a lot of black dresses like Beatniks in the period did. <br /> But never mind it all. It's a fun comedy comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive art shop for uptrodden. It has a weird beauty, cumbersome and volatile at the same time. She slips rather than walking, a wispy presence. Her eyebrows seem to draw with a series of French plastic curves. And Jimmy Stewart is quite the victim and strip. In the 1930s he usually played the role of light. In the years after war and so many in the 1950s he was the protagonist tortured, but here he put his early experience into comedy use good. Who can resist laugh when Hermione Gingold forces him to wear a shawl and drink a horrible conquest of liquid treatments in order to heal him in Novak's spell? It's good to see him as a stooge instead of the mad and hesitant man in principle he was in danger of becoming. Richard Quine directed the film slowly, without fireworks or special effects, and made some interesting things that the play could not have. Notice the scene in which Novak projected the spell on Stewart, when the Siamese cat and ear figure seem to merge with Novak's amazing eyes. Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known TV personality. There was never anything quite like the Ernie Kovacks Show before - or after. It brings words "surrealism" to yourself. He was able to phase five minutes worth of wordless and unreliable tricks in an unpopulated room with Bartok's only Concerto for Orchestra as background. And he made an unpredable plot using the character of Percy Dovetail, a poet to perform. Credit type jumps over the Condoli fees but this is rather casual because these two guys - Pete and Conte - are vityom trumpeters and independent careers in jazz ensembles. Conte was later a member of Severison's group's group on the show of Johnny Carson. <br /> <br /> The third kind acts in bogs down a little and gets more "romantic" than "comedy". But it's never dull. The whole movie rolls together as neatly as Van Druten's play and the kids will probably get a kick out of it too.
