I can watch B, B & C and feel all the emotions I felt when I saw it at age 18 well, maybe all, but one. There are certain Miss K.Novak losing any of her attire either in almost half a century. It was a thought Diana Dors teenagers. Everybody who thinks young people now collects pensions may temporarily regain the heart - hardened, necklaces - tightening, blood - impulsive jealousy felt when he looked directly in their eyes back in the days when they were told that they had never been so good. Now, huddled against the cold and frightening of being mugged by a hoodie, they scuttle your home as fast as their arthritic knee can bring them out of the video shop, relatively happy in the certain knowledge that in the triple security - close lock In the fourth - tower blocks tower can be recovered just a small fragment of young losers and maybe reflect that love is truly eternal. This film is Novak Golden Novak's novelty. She was amazed at avidly and gave a performance of aloud rounded combine with a hypnotic consciousness of her own sex - the call, and, despite all this, she persuades us that his character possesses an unusual strange innocence. It completely dominates managing Mr J.Stewart who seems resigned from handing him the movie.Misses E.Lanchester and H.Gingold offer funny rescue along with Mr E. Kovács whose talent specifics are prohibited prescribed.Mr J.Lemmon plays brothers Novak's frauds .It's a beatnik, a species that has disappeared as soon as it realized its existence was recognized by mainstream.Some of the beats are more difficult to reinvent themselves as hippies a few years later .Certainly they became figures in fun by 1958 and Mr Lemmon did not appear overly concerned with the constraint of one image. But everything else is just frippery, Miss Novak - bathing in a particularly spectacular spectrum of Technicolor - is the only rationale - dictator for "Bell, Book and Candle" .It continues to live, its reputation increases, as the showcase ultimate for one of Hollywood's most beautiful women. Loving by cinema, ignored by critics, Miss Novak will continue to captivate with the rudeness of old age thoughts that have the strength to push the "play" buttons on the DVDs. One day, probably after all, we're going to be Discovered by a new generation that will be - hopefully - realize that it is quite possible for a woman to be completely - dressed and sexually attractive at the same time.
