John Bell, "Book and Candle" John Van Druten is a delightful and unexpected fantasy of an alliance of modern day witches living in New York City; It was obviously an attractive movie property. She has a stellar party for Gillian Holroyd, for her ex-book her enforced book, sweetheart, Shepherd Henderson and her madcap and circle family, including Shep's disordered fiancée, Merle Kittredge's hatred, against Lucky and Shep Gillian begins magic spell-casting. He even had Pyewacket, a Siamese cat-familiar with well-timer working, Sidney Redlitch, a fake witch expert and attorney atrocity and bad behavior. In short, it seemed to its producers, perhaps, box-office magic. So it proves to be. So many things were good about its production, it only had one element not perfect; but I found the rest to be fun, spacious and very always-fun. To begin with, scenario by Daniel Taradash has kept the best qualities of playing fine in theater, but opening out its scenes include Greenwich Village and other areas of New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with the James Wong Howe legendary cinematography, a fine note by George Duning, more-than-smartly laid by Louis Diage and Rob by Jean Louis. In the attracted cast were Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as Gillia's Merry Brother, wonderful comedy Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as fellow witches and lovely Kim Novak at one of the parties Its most touchy as Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was the imperfect element of my trial; he did well with the comedy portions of his party, but he never persuaded as a New York publisher, and a bit too old for the Henderson party anyhow. But director Richard Quine used subtle lighting, speed changes, and very short-composed vaccines to indicate the cell in the witch portion of the movie, keeping the other glow very bright, but right in the presentations. The main crisis scheme of the film comes out when in fact Gillian falls for Henderson, who does not believe in witches at all. She started out simply gaining her from her fiancé, rival college-rival rival. And when Henderson tries to walk out, he keeps coming back to it - and realizes he is under a spell, as he apologetically tries to explain it. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich has called not to hesitate to witches to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course he knows nothing at all in magic, but is quite convinced and interested to find out why he came anywhere at all; But Gillian's brother illuminated him. All come out right in the end of this romantic satire as Gillian proves his love Henderson does not lose his power - that's what happens when witches are really like a mortal. Of course, he never really wanted to resist it anyhow. The movie has dialogue, charm, and a little "magic" of its own in the fevery charm of the witches and suffering the Gillian must undergo his battle with himself, and to win his loved ones. A wonderful finish in this very well-photographed and unusual romance makes its amazing realistic, though a fantasy, just about completing my look. Memorable succulent.
