The game Bell, Book, and Candle has been a favorite of mature actresses in summer stock and take on the road. A famous story, told by director Harold J. Kennedy, has Ginger Rogers insisting that he then husband, William Marshall, was not an actor, coerced with him. Marshall made a touch, and when she walked into a door, her tip was caught on a nail and was left behind, hanging in the door as she walked on stage. <br /> <br /> The play has been successfully adapted to a beautiful movie star Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovács, and Janice Rule. It's light entertainment, about a normal-looking family of witches (Novak, Lemmon, and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who live in the buildings. The most experts are the warm, soft-voice Gillian, who would like to be normal. One night, with Stewart in her apartment, she put a spell on her using her Siamese cat, Pyewacket, and she fell in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell books and candles" were filmed on a good series of replicas of New York. The movie is loads of fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in a support role as Gillian's brother, a musician in the witch and warlock-charged Zodiac Club. She uses her power to turn the streets over and over and turn on the occasional woman. Janice Rule is perfect as former college snub in Gillian, currently dating to Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great turn as a unique writer who writes the definitive book about witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are still beautiful, Lanchester Gillian's aunt and Gingold as a sort of queen of magic. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is a good fit for Gillian, giving the character a detachment befitting a witch, showing emotion when it becomes inappropriate, with that voice, fabulous face, and magnificent wardrobe, it certainly is magic. Stewart, in his last lead as a romantic lead, costars and Novak as he did in Vertigo, and made an effective team. It supplies the heat, it supplies the heat, and somehow, together they induce. In this, of course, it is more elegant than in "Vertigo." A good movie, good for a Sunday afternoon, good around Christmas (as part of it takes place at Christmastime), and great if you feel like smiling.
