Once in a while, you come across a movie that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotion to let you pour. Vivah is just that ?? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan, and Lamhey, I really thought Bollywood got to his pinnacle and never will come up with something like that - EVER. Boy I was wrong! I went to the store to buy some grocery and decided to pick this movie up with the new "DON" (just so I can compare the Great Abe and ShahRukh ?? although the decision is already made in my mind). After debating if I should be wasting almost 3 hours on a nonsense movie I decided to watch it realized I had nothing else to do. When I saw the U rating instead of an A, I was happy that at least it is something I do not have to look elegantly clad women with bad skills acting doing anything but dancing on every opportunity to get and make out with all The guys show that they have more bed skills than an actress Hollywood B. For the first 5 minutes or so I thought I should again undergo nonsense and misconduct. After all, who saw Shahid Kapor know that he never came to fame as an accomplished actor. Boy ?? I was wrong about this movie. This film took my interest after 5 minutes first and never let it go. It was a great movie and a good storyline about the traditions disappeared in our society. I love not only the director was brave enough to make a movie where younger generations can not relate to the concept (in wedding rows), but also that he did it with a conviction (that it is the right thing to do) . I have no idea why some people think that the act was not good. I felt that the act was great and even though the music score might not be considered the best ever, it was still very good. The good thing is this music that grows over people who have time like it did with me after watching this movie a second time. The other good thing is that your songs are not pushed into the script as we all see in many movies. These songs actually tell a large part of the story and certainly a welcome addition. Just like Ajay Devgan came from being a joke to a great actor (after Company), and Salman found his groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; This film will help Shahid Kappor jump to being at the best actors and writers of Bollywood. This is the first movie of him in which I love him and his role. He acted well and adjusted to being the beautiful young looking kid's rich kid. Yes you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on a dunk as you saw the DDLJ ShahRukh (though it is shown to be an American in England? Both countries are not great on Basketball in the way) , it reaches all as very credible as someone who holds true value. Amrita Rao, for the first time came across as someone to be remembered. In all other cinemas he was competing with great faces that actually hindered him. No one knew how good in an actress it really is until they watch this movie. Some of the scenes in which he has been crying specifically towards the end really shows his awareness and depth of act. Although it was in another movie it is more memorable in this one. I think this movie will and should be wonderful for her. Move on Rani ?? There is finally another girl who is given a decent chance to work with good guys can grab the torch in your hand. She is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that is reluctant to fill innocent. Oh with almost 0% body fat does not hurt either (yes whom I will challenge you get even 0.1% fat on it and unlike many others like Sonali it can actually act too). I thought I would never be romanticized by anyone's beauty after Madhuri and early Kajol, but it completely changed that. Shahid and Amrita worked very well with the relationships they fitted to their characters and they both performed an excellent job (although I was waiting for Shahid to turn to a girl like Salman did every time he said "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun "). When I was watching this movie, she let me so emotionally pour that I decided to watch this movie again (right away). Yes right away. I never did that. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie just had something to be understood again and again. I will probably watch this movie a third time just during the weekend so I can watch and relive the traditions we all grew up with. I miss the time where families sit and have fun. When parents were long for the children and where the children respected what parents believe in I know many people think that film does not show real life, but ours all want it to happen. Families, or traditions, love and respect. This is what this movie will remind us all. I can assure you it is a very well-done movie that you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people will not love this movie but if you're over 28 I'm sure you'll be one of them.
