An absolutely brilliant movie! Jiri Trnka, the master of puppet animation, meets the totalitarianism of this, his final, film. It would be prohibited by the Czechoslovak Communist government (at the time), despite taking the highest animation awards in the country. In the dark and fun short film, an artist tries to create a new skin for his favorite plant. She happily made her creations while dreaming that her plant will grow to be a beautiful rose. All of a sudden, it's here to knock on the door, and to come up this huge giant power, which attempts to force the artist to make the statue of her looks. The artist resisted as best he can, but he eventually becomes overwhelmed by the constant attempts, by the hand, forcing him to conform. It becomes brainwashed; a zombie intellectual. At this point the hand attached to the artist's strings, put it in a cage, and uses it to make the image. All the time praised the artist's work and awarded him medals and honors. <br /> <br /> Lust the interior artist to be able to express himself freely is what helps him to dominate his endocrine and allow him to escape his prison whether he must literally or to himself , and return to his home where he now must live in constant fear of anger from the powerful. She closes herself in, thinking she's from reaching out of hand, but in the process she puts her plant and bumps up high, hoping it is out to reach the hand and ends up falling himself, kill him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear he had to live and once he escaped from the hand strings. Once dead, but painted the artist as a great man, a national hero. Unfortunately, not in the circumstances or for the reason that the artist would like to remember. <br /> <br /> Trnka's conviction of totalitarian society, and the lack of rights for free expression is black, overwhelming and an amazingly animated. No wonder the government bans it like this is the sort of media that people admire, and they might even listen. That was obviously not acceptable. An amazing example of a civil disobedience artist and its impact can have. And still quite important today for many parts of the world, from the US to the east. A must see and define 10 out of 10! Talk about going with a bang!
