At first I did not like the movie cause of it being a Nazi swastikist drama. But after buying it and seeing it, it was not that bad. I have heard many complaints about the numbers being short and Ilse Werner does not sing. Now I understand. The radio show is a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara more Rudy Shruki and band like Kurt Widman and his Orchestra and Fud Cantics former sister never appeared in the radio show to cause the musicians and bands to be in the jazz pop and balanced categories. The Foot Club was that the rules for planting occupied areas for short wave radio soldiers for soldiers also night clubs and hotels, in Berlin and Hamburg, and sales records only. That's why Ilse did not allow them to sing in this picture. This would be done by medium-sized music budgets, made music, 1942, in which he would demonstrate his whist. But this is an excellent propaganda.Inge example with his aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, attending Olympics to 1936. The aunt forgot his ticket for Inge to wait until his return to the ticket. He meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with her and she likes first sight. they plan to marry the Spanish war to get in the way for going to a placement against the right side. Carl Raddatz as many people complain about him was really beautiful and not complaining. When she did Opfergang and placed a whisk on her more suntan own make him plainly looking. You see the Nazi soldiers acting normal, like a scene in which a former butcher and troops in France and stolen Pigs from a farm and about to make lunch until the leaders suggest to save the pigs. This reflects Adolphs extreme animal rights. The character was a clogger now soldier. This was a subtle set down to eat meat. Late on World War II, Herbert was flying to a German plane. We shoot one of the pilots for Herbert to take over. We shoot his plane. They crash. Unfortunately for us to survive. Another saw the Nazi soldiers going to a Catholic church bomb, now he set the Catholics down, with Hubert's hottest helmet, played by Joachim Brennecke starting to play the organ, Beethtoven, .More bomb come in to us. The church is bombing the more soldiers will continue to live and play the organs he has said to leave. We're wounded. Propaganda message? The organs of the Catholic Church cause him to become addicted. He injures him. Look? At that time Inge is with his mother or grandmother, played by Hedwig Bleibteu, the German-born granddaughter of the actress who played Maria Holst's aunt at Weiner Blut. Well, later he came to the short look at the radio show. This was not designed to be a music revue, such as Kora Terry released that same year as well as Rosen in Tirol, the music as well as the side of the war was so supposed to be the only drop back. It was mostly a romantic film warfare. It's easy to take a shot of these soldiers in the movie, but in real life many of these soldiers were forced to fight the Nazi cause, cause of the work and pay their monthly they would receive. After the war many of them survive would regret it. This is a good classic swastika. The only problem is that today you have neo Nazi and top Nazi heads, who watch the same movies in reflecting Ador Hitler and them. They have been disturbing on the classic exploiters of this movie collecting money for their insanity. Beware most of its time is the only direct hatred. If the scenarios seem to praise him, then read a Nazi website to skip it .Go to IHF or German movie season dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video dot net. They are legitimate. 01/23/10 Mada an error he's not Herbert's friend who died in the church. He was the friend of Malte Yager's character Schartzscop.
