I should admit my first time a big fan of the Dandy Warhols, and that's why I came up watching this movie. <br /> <br /> The peculiarity of this film, compared with other modern rockumentaries, is that it's not just about a page in a band's story (such as "I try to break your heart," on Wilco), but rather cover the period time in the band's history. In this film, Director / Producer Ondi Timoner tightly follows friends / rivals Brian Jonestown (BJM) and Warhols Dandy (DW) for over 8 years (1995 - 2003) and shot 1500,000 hours of raw video, cut over 1:45 Hour (released in future DVDs will include more material than the original movie). The result is amazing - no file - the movie is 100% pure and genuine footage archive, which gives you the impression that you live with the bands, throughout the years. <br /> <br /> Both bands at the start of their career have promised to "make a revolution" of the music making, and not to sell the devil souls to the "record industry". However, the paths quickly diverged - Dandy Wars signed a deal with Capitol Records and became relatively popular (especially in Europe) after only one album, while the Brian Jonestown massacre (and self-destruct leader to Anton Newcombe) dissolve into oblivion (at least as shown in the movie). And the film follows the descent of the Brian Jonestown massacre, contrast not up to the Dandy Warhols. First, I was pleased by the movie and its approach to telling the story of Anton Newcombe (for example, Courtney Taylor - leader of the Dandy Warhols - storytelling), but after some thoughts I realized that something wrong with this movie. <br /> <br /> First, she treated Anton Newcombe as a person disappeared. The project started in 1995 as a documentary on several promising emerging groups, in which Anton Newcombe and Ondi Timoner were equal partners (this was the reason why all these years Ondi Timoner had access to the two strips). Anton Newcombe brought the Dandy Warhols to the project. At the end he completely ignored, as if he was chasing out of the project. Everyone speaks about BJM, but does not take part in the discussion. I guess he did not even inform when the group started the final correction process. There are still both sides of the story, and here we have one ... Of course, as one would expect, Anton does not approve the final outcome and sees this movie as a betrayal of his ex-friends. <br /> <Second, the movie is very Dandy Warhols-partial. Sure, the winner takes it all, but the fact that Courtney Taylor (the DW leader) tells (even though it looks a good choice - it gives a feeling of closer involvement) and that the late tale bands represent nonproportal (BJM is covered until 1997, with DW - until 2003), does not add movie objectivity. <br /> <br /> Third, the movie is (somewhat) deep. What does he want to teach us? As a critic said: "... films examine old questions: where genius is fit into a world of commodity? Does it shine and get it, or does it need independent destruction to preserve its integrity?" No, he does not examine these questions! It just depicts a story of a brilliant, but unsuccessful musician, narrated by a less brilliant, but one success, who indulges in self-esteem and eternal calm in a month older than mountains. Movie was fun - it's raw, it's cool, it's stylish, it's just humorous God, at least for fans of DW or BJM. For the rest of the crowd - I do not know ...
