Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both are driving them in their own respective groups; Anton and the Brian Jonestown Massacre and Courtney and the Dandy Warhols. What's interesting about friendship is that they are rivals; He loves love relationships. At times you both hear praises to each other, but the next second will complain about how stupid and self absorbed are. While the Dandy Warhols went on to the success of trading, BJM was still stuck in the underground scene; and for good reason why. <br /> Focus in digging! is more towards Anton and the BJM, as they have a lot more substance. They are most dysfunctional stripes. While the gigs will fight and hit each other. Anton will hit other members if he feels that they do not do correctly. With the amount of alcohol consumed by alcohol, the fight was still waiting to happen. You know how people go to race cars just to see if a great car crash happens; That's why people would go to jigs, for their fights. Anton is very unstable. Always think himself as a music mess, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he can never get out of the underground. He is a very talented musician, amazing how many instruments he can play with these skills. But his back is cant escape the world he created; a prolific musician stuck in a black hole drugs, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, the Dandy Warhols had their own problems. They did not find much success with their first album and were constantly fighting with their record labels. But they found great success in Europe. But Courtney kept being associated back to the world of Anton. It is interesting that both Anton and Courtney both had what the other needed. Courtney has always wanted talented music as Anton, though Anton did not mean it, he needed the commercial success that the Dandy had, made his revolution. <br /> <br /> For seven years the film crew follows these two strips, there is a lot of feet. Never have a dull moment in Dig! It is constantly moving along as it does not have time to slow down as it is hard to say, seven years of story telling at the 45min 1h is a tough job. Ondi Timoner has done a great job in splitting together one of the best music documentaries that makes you want more. Even if you do not like the band she always deserves to look; It transcends the music to reveal a great story of a successful failure. <br /> You will not be disappointed.
