Excellent documentary, officially on the friendship and subsequent rivalry between Rock Star Rock retro rock: The Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown Massacre. What it actually turns out to be is a portrait of a pernicious psychopath - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, for a music documentary, there is hardly any music. What there are - snaps in songs, more often than not canceled by the performers - is occasional rather than central. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story is not about music but rather on a particularly American version of a British moth in a cartoon style, that is, one where nobody takes responsibility for behaving like adolescent spoof a full-time basis. Drugs, drugs, violence, dysfunctional rhetoric, egomania on a truly epic scale - all of this is excused or positively encouraged because it complies to some of the ideas that have really been made about what rock'n'roll is about. As a movie this is a first-class documentary but it raises more questions than it answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and outrageous (and it is wild and outrageous) music he never seems to have progressed beyond the most obvious derivations of his 60s idols (the rocks, Velvets etc.) For someone who claims to be able Playing 80 instruments he never bothers to learn to play any one of them beyond the most basic level. Likewise, the ambition of Dandy Warhols is based on a rock'n'roll vision that is amazingly jellyfish in 1969. There is nothing wrong with pasty, of course, but surely there is more to music than permanent acting out cartoon from the late 60s. Why not take some risks and music - in the way that patterns are made? Because one suspect, this is not about music. Music is just an accessory, a propeller, or an excuse to lead life to completely dysfunctional and irresponsible. But why? In the case of Warhols Dandy, the answer is obvious: making a lot of money and be more popular. Big deal. Anton Newcomb can be much more interesting. It is obviously very talented, but every time it gives an opportunity to reach a wider audience it's sabotage it, usually in the most dramatic way possible. He is terribly in success, and at the same time, deeply abusing anyone else who has it - especially his ex-friends Warhols Dandy. Fascinating movie. Very recommended.
