A documentary on two rock bands, spanning a number of years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and the Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is the examination of the contrast complex personality and the irony of success and failure. Anton Newcombe, the main man in Brian Jonestown massacre, widely recognized as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends and rivals Dandy Warhols, but also by record producers and most people who worked with him '. Unfortunately, he and his group members are also incapable of integrating with the real world. Newcombe chooses to fight with group members on stage or audience (getting arrested at one point for literally kicking into a fan's head). Newcombe knows no limits ?? Playing between 40 and 100 different instruments, writing and producing all BJM's music, can produce enough songs to fill a whole album in one day, having a prophet-like obsession with his own music genius but also a user Heavy drugs, flies of rage in the slightest compromise of his own artistic integrity, order his band members to as if they are lower in life, and can blow up as fast as he does. BJM goes to a large number of file labels in fast succession ?? they sign up as soon as they reach Newcombe's talent and let them go as soon as they realize it's totally uncontrollable. Warhols acknowledged the debts of Newcombe's creativity and did not even put themselves in the same sphere of greatness ?? but Warhols have something that BJM does not ?? ability to integrate their talents with common sense, real world, and markets ?? As a blend of talent (though many of it distilled from Guru Newcombe) and access, they are the very definition of 'cool.' DiG! follow the parallel career of the two bands with increasing intensity. At one point, Newcombe pulling cascades designed to generate advertising by sending apparent death threats and hate messages in the Warhols (in a box containing ammunition boxes and insulting like a bar of soap to clean the acts)? Only he forgot to say it's a cascade and they get so paranoid to take a restrictive order against Newcombe. By the time of Warhols Dandy taken in Europe and striking as 'Daily should be a holiday' and 'Bohemian like you', Newcombe is becoming increasingly isolated. BJM stopped and the group broke down when arrested for possession of marijuana ?? Warhols are found busted for drugs around the same time, leaving off with a warning, and even allowing to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> The Wider Appeal of DiG! is that the lessons of genius access access goes beyond two strips or even rock music. The downside is that it is still a documentary, however intimate, and it will mostly only appeal to dedicated movie fans or those who are already interested in the music of one or both of the featured bands. Newcombe may well have a widely recognized genius, and the hexams are feinted in this film, but the unattuned ear has little more than the affiliations of the interviewers to attest. In the words of one of the group members: "In all spiritual traditions, you burn in hell to pretend to be God and can not turn it back." Newcombe is not pretend ?? but digitally there may still be insufficient people to appreciate it throughout his life, and DiG! There is a hard struggle to correct the balance in favor of a torture, but largely unknown engineering.
