I saw this movie on several occasions. I find one of these funniest things is just to look at the reactions of different types of people going to see it. <br /> <br /> Type 1: OLD PEOPLE. A lot of old Japanese men and women go to this movie because they think it will be a true-to-kindness samurai movie with lots of swordplay and medieval Japanese dialogue. As soon as the protagonists begin debating the horror movie while putting explosives almost randomly throughout the phrases, the old people walk out, usually disgusting. Type 2: FIMM SNOBS. These people think that just because a movie brings the label to "Independent" that it will automatically have a load of hard-to-follow, overemotional frog that may or may not be in English. But to see it anyway just praise him praise later so that people will think they are intelligent and culturally. They are really in for a surprise when they see this movie. As soon as the bloodstream starts exaggerating from the invading animated-or invading-blooded-minded pechs of a dog and his crossbow during a telephone conversation, these people are so scared, they will go out. A few will remain just to see "how bad it will get" and later they will rave about what a terrible movie he has given to friends. Tip 3: Expected to View Life LIVE OR WRITING - SPECIAL Effect. Sadly, martial arts are very solid in the film, but Yamasato's director really does not have the budget for that kind of thing. Type 4: People with no experience. These are people who really enjoy the movie. If they were only heard in the blood samurai, he chose it at random, or stumbled into the evil theater of an alcohol hog, these are people who will laugh at all the jokes and appreciate the movie for what it ultimately se: ENTERTAINMENT. This movie has not been done to shine or to induce deep spiritual thinking, it means (if I can borrow a line of dialogue in the movie) to "really kick some ass." And that's what he does. <br /> So, depending on the type of person you are, you can or can not enjoy this movie; However, if you appreciate the movie for what it is and can enjoy an excess of blood and act, then go see this movie and make sure you bring your friends.
