I watched this movie with my complete family of nine. Since my younger brother recently got married, we could connect with go-on. The movie stands out for the classic touch to the romance of the couple engaged. Fortunately this time all Indian sites such as Ranikhet Almora etc. have been used, which have already been visited by most of the urbanites, hence adding to the connection and film. Dialogue is better than that of the "Umrao Jaan Ada" - a supposedly based film. The background music is to increase the "focused focus" of the movie. He somehow reminds me of VV Chopra's "Quebec", in which Neha and to some extent Bobby did justice to the full character. Even here, in which the lead fears do not disappoint in any department-resembling or acting. Throw in support is too good. I missed the actress playing the role of Bhabhi in front of the league. Family interaction situations describe their realities and smile when you find yourself in place of one of the characters. The songs were too closely followed by the scenes and went along well with the movie. However, even though I respect Ravindra Jain for his body to work out of Ramayana movies, I miss Ram Laxman seriously. <br /> It had no double intention (category Sivan), no bikini, no intrigue, and no nonsense. You would be comfortable watching the movie with your parents except you're already or soon to engage. I want to express about things here that if Suraj proposes that their marriage is between families and not only people, his approach is totally individualist. The film is only about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are incidental. Art Imitate Life? The "Peripheral Characters" are considered in the background and the protagonists only are afraid of lead. <br /> <br /> Come back, Everything was almost big. Except for the part of drama. The situation in tragedy was artificially created. The results, sacrifices and heart-changing changes are not at all compelling. That's why it misses the emotional-great goal of this turn of events. But a twist of the story was necessary to overlook the movie from a beautiful pre-marital video of a 'movie feature'. But I kept waiting for the punch and never came. God's Word by Mohnish Bahal and later by Alok Nath on Dow came from his place he did things too out. That is why it will help film in a free tax status. But the draw was made more interesting and non-linear than it was. <br /> There was too question in my mind when the movie ended: 1 Did the movie really end up? 2 Did the movie end?
