Imagine the combat Richard, a painter, whose real passion is flying. When we first met him, he saw a building in London carrying his wings. He tore his campaigns and other tasks, to his despair height, and fashioned a flying device for his jumps. When it comes to protecting the police, he does not suffer from scratch, but he lands in front of a judge who asks for community service. Richard, related to Anne apparently ended seriously, decided to move to a rural area where he finds a place in the country with a huge barn he plans to use to construct his own aircraft. Richard finishes trying to help Jane Harchard reluctance. He is a young woman who suffers from A.L.S., or Lou Gehrig's illness and is imprisoned in a motor vehicle seat. Jane is very clever, but has a black side with a sale vocabulary. He uses a handheld device to speak sometimes, as his speech is not clear. What Jane loves to do is lose her girl, at any cost. Jane and Richard conflict as they meet, but a mutual tolerance soon makes them comfortable with each other. Jane, who is watching porn on her computer, has a notion of finding someone like Richard Gere of "American Gigolo," who will, for a brother, have sex with her. When Richard took him to London, they found the right man for the job. His brother is exalted, but they agree. Since they have no money, Richard decides to rob a large bank. Unfortunately, things do not go according to plan when Jane realizes that he can not go in with what he wants. In the end, Richard takes Jane for a ride in aircraft growth to build it for the thrill of his life, something that brings them closer, as they find one with each other. Peter Greengrass directed this original film featuring an unusual situation. Jane is clearly not the romantic heroine of mainstream films, and yet, she has such a sweet aura about it that hard does not feel for her and what she tries to accomplish. Mr. Greengrass shows a subject Richar Hawkins' he wrote for the movie. The film does not try to be beautiful or give a rosy picture of a young woman afflicted with an incredible disease. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching the movie. She does a wonderful Jane. On the other hand, Kenneth Branagh does not seem too well suited for this type of comedy. Somehow, she has problems in her own way in the way she interprets Richard. Gemma Jones has some good time as Anne, Richard's ex-liker. <br /> <br /> The "Theory Theory" shows a good director. No doubt Peter Greengrass will go to bigger and better things.
