I'm sure things did not exactly go the same way in the real life of Homer Hickam as they did in the movie adaptation of her book, Rocket Boy, but the movie "October Sky" (an anagram of title of the book) is good enough to stand alone. I do not read Hickam's memoirs, but I still can enjoy and understand the movie adaptations. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, writes the story of Hickam Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), starting in October of 1957. It is open to the sound of a radio broadcast, bringing news on the Satellite Sputnik Russian, first artificial satellite in orbit. We see an image in a blue-gray town with its people: mostly miners working for Olga Coal Company. One of the miners listened to the news on a radio but kept as it entered the elevator shaft, but the signal was lost as it disappeared from the darkness, losing sight of the sky sky on it. A violin melody melody disappears with this image. We then get a dummy at Elvis on a car radio as words on the screen inform us in the environment: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and her buddies, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), are talking about football shooters. Football scholarships are the only way out of town, and work in the mines, for these boys. "Why are the jocks just getting to college," Homer questions. Roy Lee replied, "They are also the only ones who find the girls." Homer does not do it in football as his older brother, so it is destined for the mines, and they follow in his father's footsteps as my foreman. Until he sees the dot in light track across the sky in October. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After a disastrous attempt involving a primitive missile and fence (Natalie Canerday) the fence, Homer encouraged the help of Nerdy Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer quickly kicks off, "everything." Professor of Science at Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) greatly supports Homer, and four boys work on the basement of Homer basement. His father, however, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste his time on the rockets, as the coal mines all this. Coal is mining used steel, and steel, the land should be anything. Hard relationship between Homer and her father is one of the most impressive relationships I've ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​entering into local science, and a chance to go to the citizens and win a college scholarship. "You can not just dream your way from Coalwood," he told Homer. Homer and his friends act on their dreams when they are still working on their rockets, improving their models with each attempt. Despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances of having just science," O'Dell asks Homer in one of the most desperate moments. "A million dollars for one," replied Homer. "It's good?" O'Dell replied, "Well, why not say that?" The music, composed by Mark Isham, transmits sadness and hope at the same time, especially sad at a point when Homer descends into the shaft and loses sight of the sky and dreams of getting out of Coalwood. Rolling 1950s 'rock and roll, including singing by the Greenland and Buddy Holly, occasionally pushing the instrumental pieces around which they create a light-hearted mood that contrasts their youth' lives and the lives of minors. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses the colors to put humor and symbolize. The City of Coalwood, currently filmed in Tennessee, washes with blues, grays, and browns. It's as if the thunder comes from the charcoal sticks of everything - faces, clothes, houses, and roads. When a couple of bright red convertible stopped asking for directions from the boys, it's obvious that they come out of the world outside of Coalwood and Olga Coal Company. The book on guided missile design that Miss Riley gives Homer is red. The Red stands out sufficiently against the blue-gray world of Coalwood symbolizing "getting out", but still subtle. The reds are hints in a world that only Homer dreams. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses such zeal, hope, and pertinacity as Homer Hickam that it is difficult to believe it is not the real homer we see in the actual footage of the movie. Chris Cooper is also extraordinary credible as Homer's stubborn father, who does not recognize, or just does not want to admit, that I do not produce enough to keep the city alive. Homer, and everyone who encourages him in his rocket building, knows that the city will die. With the community disintegrated, the only way to stay together is not to gather for the boy rocket protests. Again, I'm sure things did not happen exactly as the movie describes them, but what would a movie be without a bit of idealism? The "October Sky" has just enough of making it a great motion picture and enough to keep it real.
