October Sky is a very heavy film, and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and many attacking points, the actors and actresses perform good justice, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and it's a true story. Frankly I think the director's success is not comparable to the spark and heat of the original generous story. We do not see any special narrative or movies; The power of the film depends very much on the fixed scheme and difficult situations the young hero is trapped in most audiences will find themselves identified with the characters. We feel Homer¡¯s want to honor his father's recognition and create his own future, and his resiliency. ¡§Kote Sky ¨ ¨ remind me of a later 2001 Japanese production of mini series ¡§ boy stone, ¡¨ that can be some of the inspiration from this movie. Actually two (2) these works were shot from two different cultures to provide interesting comparisons. When October Sky unfolds a story of a young man crying loudly to claim his right on his own destiny, ¡§Rocket Boy ¡offers a more compromised description that might sometimes constitute a acrid criticism of modern society. Starting Yuji Oda's outstanding actor, ¡§Rocket Boy ¡concentrates on three people as usual as a travel agent who has a dream to become an astronaut, a freelance agent agent on the brink of being torn apart 'Comprehensive inferiority ranging from extreme success to his father and older brother (as Homer feels in his family), and a food company employee who is about to marry but scared this idea. Collecting the social awareness supports its definition of success on its constituents and further steps to suffocate their dreams by claiming them ¡§impossible.¡¨ To compensate for his losing ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) is working in the tour operator because he called it ¡§ Galaxy. ¡When his client failed him and his girlfriend decided to leave him, he finally found strength from his father's words, who was determined to be a sailor but later to get life on the less attractive lake as it was presumed. ¡§ But, I do not regret it, ¡¨ father told Kobayashi, ¡I least tried. ¡It is his father confession that encourages her to resign her work and apply for astronaut despite the fact that she hurts her foot, she needs to move on a wheelchair. Kobayashi¡'s efforts finally failed, and went back to the travel agency. But his courage ¡§Crazy¡¨ inspires his friends, and everyone loves him more. Just before the end of the series, Kobayashi is on the job as a guide to a space camp means that let kids learn more about astronauts. After the tour is about to see it leaning against a tree, unfolding a leaf in its poster was watering from the billboard that says: ¡§Astronauts Wanted for 2004.¡¨ Kobayashi looks at the piece of paper with laughter and laughter, just like a kid looking at her ticket at Disneyland. Kobayashi can never find what he wants, but he dares his destiny and ¡§just to do it. ¡This series is so heart-luring not because the hero displays any heroic deeds, but his ordinary and unstoppable encouragement to realize his dreams that make us jealous and jealous. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writing, this shows our light and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi both have the dream, and they can do so in spite of other views. I recommend other IMDB users to watch Japanese TV series. If you are a nine-to-fiver, you will feel more touchy. I'm sorry that IMDB does not make its data, maybe you can ask someone in Japan to help you.
