Based on reality, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), growing up in a charcoal town in West Virginia where a boy's normal destination was to "finish in the mines." But Homer had his eye on the sky with a love of flying rockets, in the embarrassment of my father's father, and consternation of citizens generally. A misfit for sure, he and three of his friends are equally inferior to starting the rockets, which they fly from a patch of land eight thousand miles from town, so as not to worry about the community and often-times missiles rockets. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) think they are wasting their time. However, people are intrigued and soon begin to come from droves to watch the 'Rocketboys' sent to their homeland missiles. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in the high school understands their efforts and allows them to know that they can become competitor in fairness in national science and college scholarships were the cost. Now the gang must learn the perfect craft and overcome the many obstacles facing them as they shoot for the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his movies like Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 & "October Sky" surely stands above all of his other films. Without any doubt, "October Sky" is his best effort & obviously his best film. It's not just a true story filmed very well, but even as a movie, it has everything that is unique, which is necessary for a top level Cinema. And along with Johnstone's extra-ordinary direction, there are some outstanding performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was around 19, when this movie was released and it provided a beautiful and natural performance. He is a perfect actor. Chris Cooper as her father, also provides a very good performance. The same goes for Laura Dern & also looks nice. Even the rest of their performance is very good. The background score was fine. Very inspiring movie, which lifts up your sky high sky. One of these movies is definitely inspiring you for your lifetime. An amazing movie inspired along with entertainment loads. Do not be missed.
