A simple and effective movie about what life is all about, respond to challenges. He took a lot of gall for Homer and his friends to be able to grow in manhood without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future that runs from father to son, to be a miner in my local and never get out of that fate. He also took three different challenges for Homer and his friends to conquer a personal and free future. The challenge of the first satellite satellite satellite first, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, is an important milestone in human history, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss, would not miss. Then the challenge of science and mechanics is applied to calculating and devising a rocket from scratching or instead out of what could be collected in books and order in the minds. Finally challenge a world that is resisting and refusing and trying to force you back into the pack, even with a previously accused accident that you get back into the pack for the need to survive plain, and even then Homer has proven she had the guts to accept The challenge that has blocked for its own time plans and dreams. But there is another side of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the carrier of the project but it is also the insurance company of the inspiration he and his friends need. If it is one of those who will get the university's scholarship, because his friends gave him priority, his friends will be able to get on their own road and train and step out of the fate of mines, thanks to the inspirational example of energy he lays them down before their eyes. It's hard at times not to follow the example of one of which is such a light on a tough road. But the film is also effective in showing how the father resists this dream because of his science was not the fabric of a true man, like mines or soccer. The sad working class was so present in the 1950s and 1960s and still present in some areas too often strengthened by the traditional thought of the father. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of my working class is talking about becoming a trap. Here too the movie is effective and should make some parents think. This was Homer's fourth challenge faced: The challenge of taking a road that was not the one pointed to and scheduled by his own father. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
