I lost faith in Barry Barryatya's Bar after the movie Main Prem Ki Deewani hou, then a year ago I saw promos for Vivah who looked good. But I did not want to waste my hard earned money in movies. When the first movie came out on DVD I rented it and watched and I liked the movie and took back my word for Soor. I just finished watching it again yesterday and that time I thought I had to review this movie. Soor R. BarjatyaGot it right this time, okay I was not a big fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I still love Manie pyar Kiya, after Manie Pyar kiya with me I think Vivah is Barjatyas's best work. I hardly ever cry in a movie but this movie made me feel like crying. If you've ever been in love before then there will be plenty of moments that will earn you in this movie, the movie is just too sweet and will have you falling in love with it, I see a lot underrated movie. <br /> <the story of this movie you could call defy with old age, but I looked like modern because of the couple who are getting a wedding arrangement to know it in an old tradition. He does in the present time, many people do not believe in this marriage arrange, but I do. The journey between the engagement and marriage that will always be special and this movie shows it clear. When Prem meets Poonam for the first time, she shows her how it is with this fact and my parents saying it's how to get married and she's shown it in a way that's so real yes the way prem Poonam encountered in this movie is how most marriages occur. It was a very sweet, you feel nervous yet excited, the song "Make Ajnabe" shows that very well. Getting back to the story is a journey that you soon get stuck in between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and have relatives. A twist of this film is really good, the last 30mins you will all come to the tissue box. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so amazing is the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, how they fall for each other is too sweet. Simple boys and girls are simple, when they first meet during and after the song "Make Anjane Ajnabe" It's very sweet to look, It hardly says anything with Prem doing all the talk that was honest with him about his past ', the girl she liked and smoked. Then he leads to all with a family trip and then is when they really fall for each other. It makes you just want to look at the couple and watch all the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam Chichi is really to say it and you feel sorry for Poonam because it has treated bad and makes you want to see its happiness and when it finally finds happiness, you also begin to feel happy with it the movie Basically make you fall in love with Poonam more then just prem. When she finds happiness in Prem you want her to remain happy and also hopes nothing goes wrong because the character is shown as a sweet girl. Which brings me to performance with Amrita Roa as Poonam is amazing in the movie, her best work until the date you will fall in love with this innocent character and her roots about happiness. Shahid Kapoor as Prem is amazing too, she is Poonam's support of the film, her early film, along with her share of an amazing chemistry and I never saw a couple of kuter since SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk did not touch you tell you how beautifully along this cement will be. "Mujhe Haq hai" the song and before that is amazing showcase. The scene that touched me was when Prem takes Poonam into his room and shows it is where they will stay and open it up and have a moment between them too sweet. Again if you've ever been in love with someone who many such scenes you can deal with. The movie is just the fastest thing you'll ever see. The direction is over, making me a good movie is basically something that can pull me in and stop me believing for the hours so that they've seen here is fake and have a camera completed. For me this movie pulled me in and for the three hours I felt really connected to the movie. The songs you will only really love when you saw the movie as they were put into the situation after I saw the movie I was playing songs that did not stop! The music is amazing, the story is simply amazing whatever more I can ask for? <br /> <br /> What can I finally say, rarely we get a movie that makes you feel good, this movie after you see it will make you feel really good and doing you want to be someone Better. It is basically the sweetest journey ever, it basically shows you to travel between weddings and weddings and many people who say it to the best part of your life? Well this movie actually shows you how people actually say it? Why people actually say that the trip is just amazing! Watch this movie and you will find out why the trip is amazing!
