Watching the ads for this film, I was fairly convinced that I would cause it. For one thing, he was one of the novels "wounds based on movies", which means that the book author found the script, hated it, and refused to be associated with the movie. Worse, the trailer showed only the most imaginative slapstick (formerly: kid gets squirted in the face with a garden tire ... and falls on). So when my younger brother made it to himself that this was "to be seen" the epic film (of course, he thought the same about "Cars", "Over the Hedge" "Bully in Ant", "Monster House", etc., etc.), I was admittedly less than thrilled. <br /> But once in the theater, the movie won me on for a variety of reasons. First and foremost, writers captured 'kid dialogue' better than just about any other movie I've ever seen. A prime example of this comes directly after the boys' principal accidentally eating a worm stuck in an egg omelet. The boys make a tram, over-exaggerated impression at the principal conference, which makes it realistic since all the kids think (mistakes) that they make great expressions of mocking in adult tormentors. Then one of the boys asked, "Why did he say, 'go overhead'?" Another boy replied, "Maybe he's crazy!" and the whole group laughs uproariously. Not a very unusual revelator, but exactly what kind of thing a kid kid would come up with on the spot and exactly what kind of remarkable other kids would find hilarious. As if confirming, my kid brother laughed right on cue when talking on screen; I could practically hear his voice spouting the same exact lines if it was put in a similar situation. Another reason the movie works is the writers managing tasks in issues such as intimidation, sibling relationships, new to school children, and pressure / compliance mates without making any of them seem as if they were subplots for some after special schools. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotyped; It is definitely bad, but not worse, and just enough in his home-life reveals that the audience feels sympathy for him and understands the origin of his intimidation. There is also no "The Dramatic Musical Moment" where Billy ('Boy Green') realizes what a complete tool she was being her little brother Woody, and yet, at the end of the film, there are some types of transformation minor was done. There are some realism here in the way the characters solve situations and how they relate to each other, and very little of it comes across as meeting. The only disadvantage of the movie comes in the form of a totally quiet dance scene that even the creators of McDonald 's dancing scandal party in "Mac and I" would jump off. Why oh why she's put in the movie ?? Is Austin Rogers (Adam) pulling a Maculay Culkin and refusing to take the role unless he gave a vehicle to show his oh so impressive dance skills? The entire sequence definitely did not need to be there and there was a little less comedy value than any given show on the "History Channel". However, though, this movie was excellent, and the length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was just about perfect. One of the best, most realistic live movie films you will ever see if you're ever around kids or just remember what a kid has actually loved.
