I have never seen a movie before. I was on the corner of my chair and still laughed at the whole movie. I never thought such terrible horror existed it was all just too funny. The story behind the movie is decent, but the movie scenes fail to show them. I have never seen such a stupid movie in my life that is why I think it's worth watching. I give this movie 10 out of 10 for being the most pathetic movie ever created, this movie looks like it's only created to become garbage. I mean that the scenes seem so fake and the actors act as "the camera is ahead". You will get a kick just to watch how lame this movie is, me and my friend could not stop joking during the movie, the darthvader guy who tries to get the girl ran about not once, but twice and secondly she ran and sounded like she said sh! # although he does not speak English lol. If you watch this movie you will think of yourself that all those other movies you did not like were taken for granted are way better than this. This movie should be seen from curiosity as well as the kind of movie LADY DEFINES. The evil serpent encountered the girl for many times it was ridiculous, the evil serpent just roared and frowned and let it get away every time. The evil serpent was likely to be like God trying to say hurried up and eating the girl how many miracles you want. The transition between scenes let you ask me missing something? So holes draw much of the stage scenes. I laughed like crazy when they decided to "escape Mexico" to get away from the serpent. Hmmmm jumps the border to save you from a snake from Korea? interesting ... very interesting .... I guess the border jump to solve all problems. Another scene that completely stupid me .. they met for the first time and had a romantic scene at the beach to kiss and not even know each other ... The scene was so shabby and there was no substance At least in other movies it might seem logical after but I mean to justify though reincarnation has their feelings as they immediately loved each other instead of being rather developed. Either way this movie is worth looking for your open eyesight and seeing the light. Bad Hollywood movies will look like heaven when compared to that. At the end it is worth watching you will get bored you will handle criticizing every moment, every stage of your mind.
