When we speak Hollywood Hotel we can talk about one of these three things, the current hotel, the radio program, and this movie that have been partially inspired by the first two. Dick Powell was host of the Hollywood Hotel program on CBS radio network in which Louella Parsons dished out the weekly scoop on the stars. <br /> <br /> Powell and Parsons debuted the Hollywood Hotel in 1934 so by 1937 it had its fair share of radio broadcasts. Powell has hosted, sang, and kibitzed with Louella and invited his movie star. And the power he had with his column, he could get the various stars going on and plug the latest films for anything. <br /> <br /> Then the U.S. Federation of Radio Artists stepped in and demanded to pay wages appropriately and won the case. This ended the Hollywood Hotel program in 1938. Naturally both Powell and Louella went to other radio venues. The entire story is covered in the book Tony Thomas, the films of Dick Powell. But before plugging in to pull this movie from Powell's home studio at Warner Brothers was inspired by the radio program. Powell plays a singer / saxophonist and the Goodman Benny group who signed into a Hollywood contract. But when she gets out of Hollywood she gets herself melee with a star movie star Lola Lane, Lookalike double real life sister Rosemary Lane, with a pan actor in Alan Mowbray. Singing in a Civil War he made with Lola Lane, read in Powell's voice used. Then Mowbray developed a problem Lina Lamont when he asked to go on the Hollywood Hotel Radio program, broadcast at the Hollywood Hotel. This got the studio in a tizzy. Let's say that the problem does not resolve the way it is Sing in the rain, but Powell's manager Ted Healy proves to be resourceful. <br /> <br /> Richard Whiting and Johnny Mercer give a really nice score for the movie. Chanting great sentence comes right from the beginning as Benny Goodman and singing songs of Johnnie Davis songs in the Hollywood, Hooray for Hollywood. My favorite however is Powell and Rosemary Lane songs, I'm like a fish out of water. Just listening to lyrics Johnny Mercer on Ginger Rogers running Brooklyn Dodgers or Sally Rand without his fans, it is a compendium of American folk culture in the thirty. <br /> <br /> Busby Berkeley does the choreography here and while the movie does not have soaring images that work its earliest and Warner Brothers have, the numbers are well-tuned. Berkeley's big time is at a drive-in restaurant where Powell and Healy were forced to take jobs. The starting number and Benny Goodman broadcast from the Hollywood Hotel will make a lesson for you and then in the drive-in Powell, Lane and the whole place begins to join singing at the exhibition of owner Edgar Kennedy . And you know what you can expect from Edgar Kennedy exhaustion. Benny Goodman gets to know why he's called the king to swing when the band and the drummer Gene Krupa and Xylophonist Lionel Hampton as part of his ensemble. This along with Frances Langford sings as well. And possibly the last surviving member of the group was a fellow who had a little bit as a radio announcer. He died in 2004, but not before he became the 40th President of the United States. Ronald Reagan still credited Dick Powell and Pat O'Brien as they were two guys on Warner Brothers who were most useful to a well-deserved player. <br /> <br /> Hollywood Hotel is a delightful and entertaining motion picture, dating, but charmingly so.
