"Hollywood Hotel" has many films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Cinema" about a person having a contest including a Hollywood movie deal, just finding the way to either walkway pavement and pitfalls or non- existent. In fact, as I watched it tonight, on Turner Classic Movies, I was considering whether the authors of the classical music later "Singing in the Rain" might have taken some of the ideas of "Hollywood Hotel" , most of all a leading star lady temper in a movie studio and a conclusion about one person singing a movie note while another was getting the credit off of the screen on the screen. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of making films in the 1930s. Among the support players is Louella Parsons, playing himself (and, despite some negative comments I've seen, he has a very ingratiating personality on screen with a natural order in his line). It's not just real people in the script. Specialist make-up Perc Westmore briefly looks like himself to try to make a character similar to another. This film was also one of the first in the career of young Mr. Ronald Reagan, playing a radio interview in a movie premiere. Reagan is actually doing well in short scenes - especially when he realizes that Dick Powell is about to take over the microphone when it should be used with the most important people. Dick Powell won a Hollywood contract in a contest, and left his job as a saxophone in the band Benny Goodman. In the beginning of this film, by the way, is quite impressive, as the band drives into a parade of trucks to give a proper admission to Powell. They finished singing "Hooray for Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that a lyrical has left out on purpose. Throughout Johnny Mercer's words refer to Hollywood as the Max Factor make-up king, tin tin, and even a hint of Tarzan. But the original song lyric referred to as Tyrone Power. Obviously, Jack Warner and his brothers were not going to advertise the leader of the 20th century Fox, and the name Donald Duck was replaced. In any event the number showed the musicians and instrumentalists at Goodman's orchestra at their best. So, made a later five minute section of the movie, where the band is repetition. Powell leaves the band with his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood, only finding it is a contract player (most likely for musical involving saxophony). He was met by Allen Joslyn, the publisher of the studio (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad fellow but she is busy and tends to slough in person unless needed to talk to them. She's parks Powell in a room at the Hollywood Hotel, which is also where the star temperament studio (Lola Lane) lives with her father (Habel Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd), and her sensitive cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell ). Lane is like Jean Hagen's "Singing in the Rain", except voice speaks it's a good thing. His version of "Dan Lockwood" is one "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, stolen scene and several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a nice guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (when not wrapped up in her month) is fully aware of her. Having a fit on being not passed for a role-out ordinary he wanted, he refused to go to the premiere of his latest film. Joslyn gets a double for her (Lola Real Life Rosemary Lane sister), and Rosemary made up to play the star in the premiere and the follow-up party. But she goes with Powell (Joslyn wants someone who does not know Lola real). This leads to Powell knocking down Mowbray when the latter makes a pest in itself. But otherwise the evening is a success, and when the two are together they begin to find one another attractive. <br /> <br /> Complications to deal with Lola coming back and slapping Powell in the face, after Mowbray complained he was attacked by Powell ("and his gang of hoodlums"). Powell's contract was bought out. Working with photographer turning Ted Ted Healey (actually not too bad in this movie - he even tries to make a Jolson imitation at one point), from trying to get work, ending as employee at a hamburger standing by bad Temperament Edgar Kennedy (the number of broken dishes and customer singing at the restaurant gives Edgar a lot of time to make its slim burn and gusto). Eventually Powell has become a "crush" not being hired to sing Dupre's voice at a rip-off of "Gone With the Wind". This leads to the final section of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert, and Healey help give Powell his luck to show it in his voice, by Mowbrays. It is quite a beautiful movie and appeal even now. The worst aspects are due to it's time. Several jokes regarding African Americans are not much easier (while trying to picture Powell as he arrives in Hollywood, Healey accidentally photographs a porter, and mentions Joslyn to look out, pictures of Powell too black - get the point?). Also a bit with Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, who (we must say) is too high nervous is not very tolerated either. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" ing is a bit too much (too much of the time) but was really popular in 1937. With an incident where Healey almost came into a brawl in the premiere (this was one of his latest films ') reminds people of the tragic, still mysterious comedy ending in December 1937. But most of the movie is quite good, and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
