The several lines line up here around different women characters. The shoes are set to serve as an indication of troubled life. All are transformed by the end of the movie. Adela (Antonia San Juan) brought a brothel; Anita, her daughter (Monica Cervera) is retarded and has a restricted life. Leire (Najwa Nimri) is a designer of shoes and problems and loses her boyfriend; Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) lost her husband and now raises the children from his former deceased wife. Isabel (Ángela Molina) is a lady who was boldly rich. <br /> <br /> Other characters used to connect five character characters. In storytelling by everything is given away at the beginning: Some connections are established amazing late in the movie and added to the experience. The shoe is the theme of extreme driving: For example when leasing as a shoe-designer and working in a shoe shop where he steals his breath, he breaks one of his heels. <br /> In small editing connections made between scenes. A phone ring, a cigarette lit, a song, etc. used to make the connection and cut fast. Frequent changes in storyline keep it from being boring or reaching the TV level. It is strongly music-driven to put tones and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon serve as the series of stories, and shots in these cities are being used to extend the story beyond the characters. One of the more moving vaccines is when Anita, who makes the same daily market, highways and limits life from the relative calm of his street in the busy main road: How is the space restriction to translate virtual is well done. Like most Spanish movies many stories are made visually, using the soap stories as the simple set. There is a poetic end that is a bit romantic and sentimental but is always nice. <br /> As Ramón Salazar is too much in love with his own material it is overlong. Some scenes are kitsch and soap levels, including the act (adela's love life, the doctor Isabel). The shoe theme is exaggerated and is a weak metaphor. This is often compared to Magnolia because the structure is the same. But they differ. Magnolia is more technically competent, but somewhat mechanical. This has more ability to visualize emotion and atmosphere visually. After that, you are immediately inclined to go to the new movie-city: Madrid.
