I recently returned and watch this movie again by noticing it in years. When I first saw the movie I was too young to understand what the movie was about. Now that I saw him again I could not believe what I missed all these years. For me they could see movies for what they are, I think this movie was great. Most people feel as if the music is the best part, but I do not think this is true. Most people do not realize how good the story is because the judge does not act. The truth of the problem is that no one in the movie was really trying to act instead of just being themselves. All the main cast were just playing themselves. They were not trying to do anybody but themselves. <br /> I was actually watching and analyzing the work and effort put in the movie. Now out of my perspective, the show situations in the movie are pretty much based on what actually went to music in Minneapolis at the moment and most of the things that happened are actually true events reaching Prince's career and who can say it's better than it? The music that came out of the city at the time started to be recognized and be revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential especially in the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry" where in fact Prince, among other musicians, got their career started. It is also a fact known that Prince and Morris Days still had a competition with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So the story basically plays off in that aspect of competition in rivalries rather than the friendships that show the true competitive side of what was held at the "First Avenue" club for its time. <br /> <br /> Another reason this film is good is due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the movie are actually based on the event that Prince went through in his life with the musical and personal aspects. For me, this made the movie more realistic as far as the emotion because it told its trials and pre-superstardom temptations. Plus, his dedication to his performance is phenomenal. Prince made sure that every moment in the movie was done perfectly. Whenever you hear a play in the movie it's five perfect and the situation at hand. Prince <br /> <br /> <br /> Prince is in full a musical genius and has proven it on many occasions. This movie is what really put Prince on the card officially and has not been slow down since. Anyone who watched this movie or still (incredible) was not watching it again, when you sit down and see this movie you have to watch it with intelligence or you will miss the entire aspect of the movie. If you really like this music is definitely the movie to watch. Above that anyone else says I think it's a great movie to watch and own.
