This is one of the best movies from Bollywood in the years. Certainly the best this year until now. Indians of the core, the panoramic visuals, heart-fun dialogues and the melodious and soft music make the single exceptional movie. The just application of Indianvalues ​​and cultures makes the viewer look for its roots in and invigorates the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new lease on life. This film is for viewers who enjoy an appeal of their imagination and philosophical sense. If you like to watch movies to get all your nerves excited in action on screen, sex or horror, then this movie is not for you, because you'll find that the movie is not all 90 degrees twisting into it. It is as a simple story for a movie as it can be found. But it's exactly where the art of the movie lies. One gets a real life experience, and the best thing is, this experience is one full of value and hope. It is on the positive side of life, on the sweet things that God has showered on people, as against the regressive movies that inspire donation, terrorists and midwives. This is not about things and those who went wrong. It is about the goodness that constantly persists, and that keeps the world running. Of course, every genre of movies is respectable but it takes a lot of courage and talent to come up with a movie that swims to the current and try to open the eyes of the public to the realities of truth and truth. <br /> Having said that, here's more ... <br /> <br /> The movie is the journey of a couple from their commitment to their wedding range - yes, that's a Wedding arrangements with the couple get to know each other only in their parents, and learn to love each other. The 6-month difference between marriage and marriage is a long time, not full of "catchy" happiness, but one that nurtures the growing love and devotion of the couple to each other. They learn the importance of relationships with this precious period of life, and work to strengthen the obligations of marriage. But have they been strengthened enough? Relationships are facing the test of not only time, but also fortune. Will this test be passed? That's what "Vivah" is about.
