An extreme film that tells the story of a young musician caught in an ever-declining spiral of domestic violence. At times hard to look, while Morris Day is described as the misogynist, Prince as the Knight on (motorcycle) steed, he is still called twice to beat a woman as part of the scenario. That he can do that and always present as a flawed hero, but vindicated is credited to the writing. Prince is so free in the month of this movie that not only he presents himself as a narcissistic narcissistic who beat the women, but his most famous song is fictitious as written by his father and Wendy & Lisa. Even more, two of his compositions - Computer Blue (admitting the weakest album track) and Darling Nikki - are shown as being singing slaughtered at a hearing. Perhaps the only concession in the month Prensely is a list card (slightly shorter than Prince) Apollonia as 5'6. <br /> <br /> Throw in almost complete-amateur are mostly band members playing themselves (with the reviews that slide the actors on the themes that have never appeared in other movies completely missing the point) and make perfectly well under the direction. Morris Days is getting stronger at the plaudits for his likable, though Jerome Benton must also get credit for bouncing at him well, particularly acting stage, which is hilarious. Days and Benton even go too far to make an Abbott and Costello comic routine, which takes some to do. <br /> <br /> Lastly, there's Prince. While I admit to bias, I actually think he's a very good actor in terms of being able to show a low-key version of himself. Acting is NOT his profession, this was a movie made for entertainment, so anyone shows that the guy in the lead role is not Robert DeNiro and thinks they're making a painful scam. I do not want this review to be a derisory attack in other people's comments, but I was even looking at this film as it had a low budget and was dark lit. How would a domestic violence film, then? With an important point and a CGI dinosaur is walking in the frame? <br /> <br /> The movie acts almost as a perfect snapshot of the neon light and thin thin era ?? until you remember that it was actually made in a world of curly and synthetic tinny figures, and this is not some retro-recreation. Prince's best movie and Oscar-winning music, he saw it in his Zenith, and it's sad to realize that, even though he would make some fine albums, he would never again take this high up.
