Last night I was re-watching "Jane Eyre" (1983), the BBC's mini-series adapted to the romance Gothic romance Charlotte Bronte which is a classic of English literature and Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond) as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zelah Clarke, as Jane Eyre, a poor 18-year-old orphan, a governor of real estate Mr. Rochester, Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" was one of my beloved books since I was a 11-year-old girl and my friend gave me the words "this amazing book" and so it was and I read it dozens of times and I'm still not tired of it. Its beautiful language, refined, fragrant, and amazing fresh, dialogue, and above all, two main characters, and the story of impossible love have attracted many filmmakers. "Jane Eyre" has been adapted to television and screen many times, 18 according to IMDb. The actors are as famous and wonderful as Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg, George C. Scott and Susannah York, Ciarán Hinds and Samantha Morton played the couple who have overcome hundreds of obstacles made by society, laws, religion, not the difference in age, origin, experience, and the fateful mistakes that would hunt one for many years. Of all the films I've seen only one 300-minute BBC version version from 1983 that followed the novel stuck with where Timothy Dalton is often playing black, brooding characters did not just play Edward Rochester's brilliant and class, he was Mr. Rochester - sardonic, vibrant, nature force, powerful, passionate, sexy, and sober master of Thornfield. Zelah Clarke was also convinced as sweet, gentle, intelligent and strong Jane who felt deeply and filled with mixed passion with clear, clear and voluntary, but voluntary farming. <br /> <br /> Added on September 17, 2007: During the past two weeks, I saw five "Jane Eyre" movies and it was a wonderful experience. There is something to admire of all adaptations of "Jane Eyre" though not all of them are completely successful. This version is still my favorite movie "Jane Eyre".
