1983 BBC production of "Jane Eyre" begins Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE LI) has always been and still has my favorite Jane Eyre. If you look at any other Jane Eyre version without reading the book, it'll be like watching some regular movies that you'll forget about the next day. But watching this almost equal to reading the book. I used to watch these many ministers when I was little, and they inspired me to read the book. At the time I did not pay attention to how close this television production was in the book. Recently, I watched the 1996 version of Jane Eyre and she was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours long and did not have many important scenes in the book (such as my gypsy favorite scene). Then I fell in love with this "Jane Eyre" even more because it includes all the important scenes in the book and it just tells the whole story (the other versions do not, if you have not read the book) . <br /> Throw in 1983 Jane Eyre is excellent. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very beautiful actor (beautiful enough to play Butler's "Red", and Julius Caesar), but it's so great as Rochester that I can not imagine anyone else doing this role. And Zelah Clarke is, without a doubt, the only Jane who follows the description of the book. Other things that make this movie so great are the clothes and makeup of the actors. Jane looks so modest and naive, as Bronte describes her (although she does not look 18, but you actually pay attention to that ... ...) <br /> <br /> Some people say that this " Jane Eyre "is too long, but I'd rather spend all day watching it than over 2 hours watching some other versions. Some say the movie is dull and boring because Jane is not passionate enough, or because there is not enough "kissing scene". I hate having to do Jane Eyre some "Hollywood movie" with proper kissing scenes. You do not have to set the scene "crazy, crazy in love" to show love between Jane and Rochester. And both Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that no other scene needs !! I am 19 years old, and many girls in my age refer to this movie as "boring and old-fashioned". But I can only feel sorry for them because they do not appreciate the purity and beauty of it. After all, the novel is set in 19th century, and that old-fashion look makes it more attractive and more like the book. <br /> I do not think there will ever be any other version of Jane Ayre that will have the popularity and love of this one. No matter what play Jane and Rochester in other movies, Jane's real and Rochester (for at least) are still Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
