I recently saw this production on DVD. It was the first time I saw it since it was originally broadcast in 1983 and it was just as good as I remembered. In the first as they were worried it would look old fashioned and I suppose it's a bit datey and many wordy as serial bbs were back then. (I miss these wonderful costume dramas that seemed to always be on Sunday afternoon back then) but that's where it is as close to as it could be. I'm a bit of a purist "Jane Eyre" as it is my favorite book and never seen another production that is a faithful in the book like this one. I recently re-read the book as well and some of the dialogue is just spot on. Reading the scene near the end of the Rochester question Jane about what St. John was like I noticed the words were exactly reproduced on the screen by Dalton and Clarke and made perfectly. <br /> <br /> All other productions that all seem to lack in some ways, few even leave the family "family" and their connections to Jane altogether. I also think this is the only output to include the "Gypsy" scene to make correctly. The casting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is like Jane described in the book "Little Valley and Darkness" and I agree that it looks too old. Timothy Dalton can be a little too handsome but it is absolutely perfect as Rochester, showing all aspects of his character just right and acting his socks off! I agree with other comments that he even looks frightening in time, as in the scene when he turns around quietly into the church when the wedding off, his expression is fantastically scary. But then to another happy favorite scene she is wonderful to see when Jane runs down the stairs and into his arms the morning after declaring their love for each other. A love that is beautifully presented and totally credible. Oh to be loved by someone like that! There was a couple of scenes that were strange lacking however, as Jane went to bed with Helen and died when Rochester took Jane to shopping for wedding things (I thought that one was in it, but maybe my memory playing tricks). Finally if you have never seen another production at Jane Eyre - you simply see one this one is simply perfection!
