* NEVER: I wish I could discuss this without revealing specific traits, but I can not. Padon. * I was looking for an IMDb review of the movie by George C. Scott when I stumbled through the summary and review for this version. He had many positive reviews that I decided to order it though: (a) while truncating and running, I thought George C. Scott embodied the tortured nature (and physical appearance) in Rochester's book in a T; and (b) even while watching the DVD cover, I thought "Is not Dalton Children too good-looking for the role?" The letter's anxiety was strengthened by the fact that I decided to re-read the book while the DVD was on backorder. That said, minutes I started watching this, I was fascinated. At first it was discouraged to hear the 1840 dialogue talked as writing - with little attempt or no modernization - but Dalton and Clarke threw themselves into it for good, that I actually enjoyed the fact that the cartes trusted the audience follow the archaic speech. To have so much of the book up on the screen was an extra bonus. I know someone who will not watch any version of Jane Eyre because "wants to see a movie about a man who holds a poor mad woman in the attic?" Frankly, if someone did not read the book stumbled over the hour and a half or two hours version, they would think it's pretty much all the story explaining - Rochester's secret and it affects everyone around it, . Luckily, this version is actually about Jane Eyre's life. <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the casting. Dalton is too superbly; Clarke too reserved. I can not argue first point, but it is so "at the moment" that I believe it is Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is about the brand. Jane Eyre is quiet, watch. If anyone remembers the book, many of Jane's absences of adultery and passion occur during his private struggle. Some of the critics confused me. The results say Clarke is too short or it's not nice enough. The book goes on infinitum announcement about how small and plain Jane is. Mr Clarke would not be tall and the filmmakers sound down her looks to make Jane's statement of her lack of credible beauty. He can just help her if Dalton is tall. There are people who say there is no chemistry between the leads. What ?! The scene when Jane finally came out of her room after the wedding vagasco fairly vibrated with passion and longing to sadness and regret - and that's just the first example that comes to mind. <br /> I agree with some of the other critics. I also miss more scenes with Helen Burns and their siblings. Some of the dialogue was oddly truncated. When Rochester stated, "Jane, you misjudge me, I hate her because she's crazy," I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explained how Jane went crazy, she would always love and care for her. It's a powerful moment in the book, and I wish it was included. I think it was a mistake to carry a scene with Rochester in part of the story where Jane is on her own. It might have been done for clear clearance, but I found it jarring. I wanted to sigh the humor at the scene where Jane appears to be that Rochester's ardor will be cool and he'll become bored again, but he can "love" him again and not. Dalton's performance is so great that misunderstandings are so great - when Rochester is crying in the library, I see him as an actor doing a crying scene, not like Rochester. As for the sets, if someone ever took an episode of the 1960's show "Dark Shadow," someone knows what to expect - very strong and sometimes gallant looking interiors. Others have commented well and succinctly on sports Rochester sports at the end. Yikes! It's bad. The conclusion is too abrupt. After all that was sad and suspense, I wanted a more rounded finish. And, about my copy of the DVD, whose credit at the start and end of all eleven episodes 25-30 minutes has become a bit bigger. That said, I'm so happy I have this movie and will look it again and again.
