I'm a Jane Eyre lover and a purist, and this version contains almost all the important details of the book, and the characters are describing as I imagine them. Jane Eyre is a complex story of great wealth and can not be released properly in a format-length format, so she needs a mini-series TV. Timothy Dalton of Rochester is probably best ever. There was a lot of discussions about how attracted it is with her age. In the book, Jane (the narrator) described him as "about 35" and not young, but not yet middle age. I think Timothy Dalton was about 38 when he did, so it's right. Also, we only have Jane's opinion whether Rochester is beautiful. He just just met him and asked him suddenly what he thought. As an inexperienced and incredible girl, I can not imagine she was saying she thought she was beautiful. Rochester's play actor needs to show us the character of the man, and this is true for perfection. I love the relationship between the two behaviors, which is important about this story, and the humor of the encounters. Other versions have been blown, but this gets it right. The 2006 version with Toby Stephens (aged 37 years) is in progress on BBC1 and is very good indeed, so I'll decide if this is my favorite when it is completed. <br /> To watch this set again, after viewing the version in 2006, I decided that this version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clark is the best! Charlotte Bronte's dialogue is maintained and this is essential to the power of the story. Modernization just does not work - it's a Victorian story and has reactionary reactionary poets to suit their character. This version has an excellent cast - Zelah Clark is small and the difference in height between it and Rochester is important; Timothy Dalton has real presence and is an amazing actor. There are no extra scenes to distract from the plot and the scenario includes all the scenes essential, but leaving out unnecessary details, making it to the point and entertaining. I recommend it to all true Jane Eyre fans.
