There are many adaptations of Charlotte Classic Classic Charlotte "Jane Eyre", and taking into consideration the many reviews that are written about them there is also a lively discussion about which of them is the best. The short movie adaptations all suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to bashin the entire plot of the novel in a movie in about a 100 min. length, so these movies only show some parts of the novel. The TV series proved to be a most suitable format for making all the different episodes in the heroine's life. There are three mini TV series, released in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all Jane Eyre's adaptations and a striking example of a completely overrated film. The lovely novel lines are replaced by these insipid and trivial, and critics are either deleted or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. What it all leads to then is that the characters portray nothing nothing in common with Rochester and Jane in the novel and behave in exactly the opposite as described in the book, but that's also the behaviors and language is absolutely not consistent with the behavior of the period in which the novel is set. It's a funny soap opera, in which the actors watch and act as if they were put in the costumes of the 1850ies are not mistaken. This "Jane Eyre" (as he dared to call himself) is indeed a slap in the face of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The version of 1973 is very loyal to the novel in which the long dialogue between Mr. Rochester and Jane is given almost full length. But what works pretty well in the novel does not necessarily work very well on the screen. At times the language of the novel is too complex and entrenched as natural appearances when speaking on screen, and the constant interruptions of dialogue by Jane's voice-ovs are added to the impression of artificial and staginess. And despite the fidelity of romance in the essence of the scenes were not captured. Another problem is to drop off the main characters. Sorcha Cusack's presentation in Jane as a bold, self-confident, worldly-wise young woman is totally at odds with the literary model, and Michael Jayston, although a good actor, simply does not own the captain in attendance nor the charisma needed to play Rochester. Although a decent adaptation it simply fails to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really captivates the audience. <br /> <br /> All the faults in the stand '73 version corrected in the mini TV series of '83 and Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although at Purist's point of view Timothy Dalton is too beautiful, tall and lean to be Rochester, he owns the qualities essential for the role: He has a presence to impose presence, great magnetism and a time of self insurance and authority. And despite his sense of sense it seems grim and sharply enough to play the gloomy master in convincing Thornfield. But excellence in performance lies in his way of rendering all aspects of Rochester's character. Of all the actors who played Rochester, he is the only one to take them all: Rochester's hardness, almost insolently, humid and abruptly, as with his humorous side, his tenderness, his solicitude, his dear deep. Dalton's work in Charlotte Brontë's language is equally superb. Even the most-sought-after Rochester and complicated think ring really is true and natural when Dalton delivers them. She is the definite, unsurpassed and surprising Rochester, and after watching her in this role it is impossible to imagine Rochester to be played in any other way or by any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke delivers an equally excellent performance in a role that may even be harder to play well than one in Rochester. It shows exactly Jane's in the novel, a strangely shy outdoors, reserve and guarding young women, but who possesses a great depth of feeling and an equally great will. He captures very well duality of Jane's character: modesty her with respect to the one hand, with her fire and passion on the other, her similar frailty, and indomitable sense of right and wrong. He and Dalton have wonderful chimneys and scenes together they are best fun. <br /> <br /> As considered loyalty to the literary version this version also quotes vagatim from the novel as to make the '73 version, but with one significant difference: dialogues are becoming shorter in this version, but the basic lines are essential for the characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot to be changed. So the scriptwriter avoids any artifacts in speech, while still fully preserving the beauty and originality of Charlotte Brontë's language. And in contrast to the earlier BBC version is the essence of each scene perfectly captured. <br /> <br /> The trace of the novel is followed with greater accuracy than in the series '73. It is almost a stage for deducting the novel scene, where equal equality and emphasis give every episode to Jane's life. It is the only Jane Eyre adaptation that has a gypsy scene worthy of the novel, and the only one that makes all the justice of the pivotal and sneaky performing scene when Jane and Rochester meet after the abandoned marriage. Timothy Dalton in particular plays this scene with superb skills. He had to deal with Rochester's painful intensity as he realized Jane's resolution left him, his frantic attempt to make him stay with his final despair as he really left him. It's a heartbreaking, almost devastating, stage, that will stay with the viewer for a long time. With the same roles that are less perfectly cast, an excellent script and current leading ideals are the definitive and only true "Jane Eyre".
