Yes, this production is long (good news for Bronte fans!) And it has a bit dated feeling, but both the casting and acting, so brilliantly that you will not want to look any other version! Timothy Dalton is Edward Rochester ... it's simple. I do not care that other claims claim is too nice. Dalton is attractive, certainly, but no nice boy. In fact, he owns a charm, angular black charm that, in my head, is well in keeping with the mysterious, very masculine Mr R. And it takes on Rochester's sad, tortured personality is so important. It shows innocence when the scene requires it, but also shows Rochester's sensitive, passionate, emotional side. (IMO plus A & E production suffered by Ciaran Hinds - whom I normally worship - looks like bloating and intimidating his way at all .. I have read the book many times and I have never felt that Rochester was meant to be perceived as an animal that does not shrink.) <br /> When I lick the novel, I still see Zelah Clarke as Jane. Mrs. Clarke, for me, resembles Jane as she describes herself (and describes others). Little children, girls ... even if it's true of the actress does not look 18, she shows Jane's attitudes well. While other revisions have been claimed by the act of sticking out of wood or unemotional, one must note that the character spent 8 years at Lowood was trained to maintain its emotions and "passionate nature" in the check. His main inspiration was his friend friend Helen, who was submitting the submission picture. Although true nature has disappeared, Jane has learned his mastery and looks docile, in keeping with the school's goals for his charity students who would enter 'service'. Jane becomes a governor in the home of the rich Rochester gentleman. It would certainly * not * speak to him as an equal. Even later on when it was issued as well as it was received, it would always be sure to remember that its station was well below the boss of his employer. But if you read the book - in which this production remains amazingly close - you can clearly see the little Zelah-jan-Jane struggles to support as it subdues its emotions in order to remain moderate and even-tempered. /> The chemistry between Dalton and Clarke is just right, I think. No, it's not the least resembles Hollywood (Thanksgiving! Not a Hollywood sort of book) but theirs is a romance that is true, devoted and loyal. But for a woman like Jane, who never intended to have any * love to come up with her style, it's a minor miracle. <br /> <br /> The rest of the casting is terrific, and I love the fact that almost every character in the book is present here. So, too, is a lot of rich, poetic original dialogue. This version is the only one that I know of include beautiful, infamous 'skirt' scenes and in general, more humorous features than other versions I've seen. In particular, the mutual mutation between the lead characters comes straight to the book and is so delightful! Jane Eyre was, in many ways, one of the first novel feminists. It finally accepts love on its own terms and independently, and, last, as true Rochester is equal. Just nice!
