To call this brilliant episode feel like too little. To say that it keeps up the excellent work of the epic premiere is reductive too, 'cause never had a far-out episode of Sopranos episode so far. In fact, the title might be a smoking invitation for those who are not true fans again: Join the Club ... <br /> <br /> Pick up where Junior leaves (put a bullet in his nephew's gut after mistaking it for a thief was killed in the first quarter), the story begins with Tony being absolutely fine. With no recollection any what happened to him, he participated in some kind of convention. Only he does not speak to his normal accent, and there seems to be something wrong with his papers: apparently, he is not Tony Soprano but Kevin Finnerty, or at least that's a group of people thinking, and until the chaos is sorted out he can not leave his hotel .. Of course, in good tradition Sopranos, which seems to be nothing but a dream: Tony is actually in a coma, and doctors are skeptical regarding his fate, his family and Friends worry sick and Junior refuses to believe everything is happening right now. Unfortunately he did, and Anthony Jr seems to revenge the attempt on his father's life. <br /> <br /> Dreams have popped up rather often in the series, often as some kind of spiritual trials for their protagonists (most of the season's five test shows test). Entering the Club, however, takes metaphysical qualities of the program, which is already hailed by the previous pre-use of a William S. Burroughs poem, and pushes the most intricate way: Tony hallucinating on his dead friend (first The incident of the sort caused by food poisoning, four episodes) is one thing, it actually was in what would appear to be Purgatory is radically different. The "Sky" section of the story is piling up with the allegorical meaning, not least Tony's name (as a character points out, his spelling in a certain way will give you the word "Infinity"), and none of it come as loady or distant: David Chase has created a piece of far-intelligent work to use strange set-ups just for their own sake; it all helps the narrative. Speaking about "the help from above" in the case of Tony Soprano might stretch it to a TAD, though.
