Okay, I did not get the first purgatory stuff I watched this episode. It seemed like something significant was going on that I could not put my finger on. This time these people Mesa Fire Mesa on TV really caught my attention - and it helped me to just write an essay on Inferno! But let me see what has not been discussed yet ... <br /> <br /> A TWOP review mentioned that Tony had 7 flights to stairs down because of the broken elevator. Yeah, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, especially religious, but here's one more for ya. On a hunch I consulted wikipedia, and guess what Dante divides into 7 levels? Purgatorio. Except haunted-purgatory and paradise. (The thing at the bottom of the stairs and ... that Tony can not find them.) On alleged "random" monk-slap scene. As soon as the monks appear, it fits perfectly in place with Tony trying to get out of purgatory. You can say that she was worried when commercial Christians (death, sickness, and sin) came on it, getting more and more desperate because the heavenly heaven looks as iffy for it. Since he meets his monks think hey maybe these guys can help me? that sounds like contemplating other religions (such as Buddhism) and wondering if there are other ways to take it to "deliver". Not that Tony is necessarily literally thinking about becoming a Buddhist, but it appears Finnerty tried that (and messed up). That slap in the face basically tells Tony there's no quick fix- like in, no, you can not suddenly embrace Buddhism and get out of here. Tony was initially not too concerned about getting into the sky. But to "come into conference", he realizes this will not be so easy for him. At first I saw the problem list vs. the driver as Tony headed sort of a double life, what with people to kill and sleep around that he kept secret from most people. He feels free to have an affair with Quasi-Melfi because he is "Kevin Finnerty". She figured out that she could dig some people with the KF card, like hotel receptionists, but she will not get it out of purgatory. Who are helicopters-helicopters in the sky? - to keep track of him and all he does. <br /> After reading all the theories about "inFinnerty", though, it looks like the KF's identity is a reminder of the infinite different paths Tony could have taken in his life. Maybe along with jokes of cars involving the Infiniti that made no sense to me otherwise. Aaaand at this point my brain fizzles out.
