In what appears to be an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira has made this film, 'Things to Make Life Refreshing'. "It's not an original discovery, not many voices you have (well off the pitch, by the way), but it's a bit bitterness in the Spanish movie. The downside is that elements that form the movie are incorrectly combined , and while some points are not quite developed, others are out of place One day in the lives of two people close to the median age. It's basically what the film Gómez Pereira Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary ( paradox) Despite your back load and a great drama, it seems willing to see things change .. Only this explains her commitment to a minor could mean a turning point in her existence .. In line with Audrey Tautou's 'Long date' (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says something like this himself: "If I find a coin before the corner that now will change my luck. "Of course he finds it, starting to play 'Today could be a great day' (Hoye is a great wind) by Joan Manuel Serrat and in a few crosses on his way Hortensia (Ana Belen) .It is another woman entry age, divorced and little alone. Valeriana testing for sleeping, organizing birthday party as an exemplary mother, said her belief in God and led to a rate of homicide. Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in her behavior Life has gone through his head driving data as "70% of people fall in love only once in a lifetime" and say although it is short Jorge and works and does not prevent the possibility that he is a "sadistic" sleeping his shoulders in the cinema of earliest opportunity .. Later came a communion, a dance in the luxurious wedding feast, the back of a car and other things that the players seem to live unique experiences like this but ending doing quite heavy for viewers The 'Life of Refreshing Life' Debate between us is the drama of adult people who have no other which leads to seeing where the strange relationships and, conversely, make us take the case as a comedy, focusing on things like a Chinese song in a marriage (which seems to be fun in itself) or gait in a people drink. The problem is that it does not let us time to connect with the players, so we can not identify with the dramatic, and not give us a solid humorous base, leaving everything except pure jokes. In the end, all mix in a way that the viewer does not know very well whether they laugh or sorrow, and ends up by doing either. And it's true that something does not see a thousand times, it's not the kind of movie that we get to fold every corner, but it's not as different or special as we want to. Ana Belén (which apparently far less than 53 years of this film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very enjoyable to see work, but this time it looks ready or comfortable enough in the scene that requires it 'breaks the calm the priority of the movie, so in moments like the "crash" and the kids in low objects seems to be slipping into them. Maybe a very dramatic change has to do, but that does not have any excuse to lower our guard. In either case, both interpreters are built up easily in the function. 'Sense of Life' works only up to modest levels of entertainment. Any claim that is beyond this point has not been fulfilled, as a romantic or dramatic comedy like that, we assume, they want to do, can not afford to have moments of success (beyond bad) as in Which one of the characters speaks to laughs, losing drink, compared to a boy who lives in a coma in part because of him. Nor does anyone like Rosario Pardo, who makes the typical friend launch whose biggest contribution to the film is the phrase "to be screwed on," and songs from the band, though significant, not just fit. It is true that the film Manuel Gomez Pereira has hit her (some of the time involving Jose Sacristan), but the whole is anodine story, a film that is good intent and a good result when the best.
