What does the Marquis de Sade have to do with Egyptian archaeologists and cultures worshiping mermaids? Tobe Hooper tries to answer this question in one strange little movie. <br /> <br /> Engineering is a young cutie who visits his father nerdy archeology in Alexandria, Egypt. Engineering gets caught up with a mysterious hooker (and blatant lesbian) that service dad on the side. Daddy came back to the site, where he discovered a tomb and what appeared to be a mermaid. Engineering meets a descendant of the Marquis de Sade, and falls for an Egyptian man (providing the hot movie scene). Eventually, engineering discovered that it is a sacrifice and the extended and blood climates come. Wrapping around this story is the footage of Marquis de Sade in jail, talking to a portrait of similarity to genius. Robert Englund is terrific as both the Marquis and his descendants. Ability to act he has always been sideswiped by his makeup condition, so it is allowed to shine here. Its best performance is still in "Killer language," if you have not seen it yet. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast, including genius engineering, is beautiful and average. However, the script is a problem. You will quickly learn that the Marquis scenes are completely needed, except perhaps the movie makers had access to the cool set. The mermaid culture that eventually saves genius does not make any sense too. Who the mermaid is never explained, and her link to Christianity (which is hyped throughout the movie) is nothing. The film is very anti-Christian, as the archaeologist is a spotting father, but loves to be tied to the local whore. There are many of the scenes of degradation and violence, but Hooper probably has little idea of ​​what screen they are trying to say. I know I have no idea. <br /> So why do I recommend this movie? It is strange. There is an extended sex scene. For the ladies, hunky Egypt rides a completely naked horse. Englund is wonderful. You love snakes? This movie is full of them. This is like Roger Corman and a major budget. Knowing Hooper somehow came up with "crocodile" after this is rather sad. "Terror Terror" is not perfect but definitely worth a winking look. This is rated (R) for physical violence, some sexual violence, gore, profanity, female nudity, nudity men, sexual content, sexual references, and drug abuse. <br /> <br />
