Perhaps in an attempt to find another "Hot Property" adaptation, Brothers Fleischer thought back to foray successfully in the world of Strip's funny newspaper and production in 1933 of Popeye the Sailor (Fleischer Studios / Paramount ). Although she was part of the BETTY BOOP Series, Miss B. only made a brief appearance of the short; leaving the rest as a pilot episode for the possible emergence of a full blown set. Now is now common knowledge, grill, spit eyes, brawlin 'seaman has become perhaps the most successful cartoon ever; Debris and literally outgoing Fleischers and Studios, which lasts until that day. <br /> <br /> Return of the King Features for another try of luck there was no doubt the reason for trying out HENRY very popular character in comic soundtrack of a Betty Boop trips; goals being sought in another series. The reasoning then surely seemed sounding. HENRY was a most popular feature of the linear Hearst Papers; appears as both a daily and Sunday supplement Sunday, PUCK, this week. You know, "What's wrong these mortals must!" Remember that one, Schultz? TO watch the chubby, little, bald boy's funny band 'hero' and his on screen screen, both solo and tandem with Miss Betty; We were pleasantly surprised to see just how the character was busy. The story and director Dave Fleischer both provided a lot of funny striping situations and gags before the most suitable looks for the character of Henry. These mostly silent vignettes were very important in the animated film of loyal to the printed page; As the feature HENRY was mostly done in a sort of 'mime' color. <br /> In the cartoon, titled BETTY stepfather and HENRY: American Indian funniest (Fleischer Studios / Paramount Pictures Corporation, 1935), we see that; Basically they were one situation exercise; They were punctuated with the usual array of Dave Fleischer's fast fire, gun-like guns. In short, Henry spotted a puppy in Betty Boop's Pet Shop window. It's a sort of love at first sight as Henry tries to buy the pup and the only money he has, to coins in his pocket. It's formed by Miss Boop that it would be $ 2.00 in the depression era of making purchases. Tears appear as the little guy left behind. But a suppression is soon on the horizon as Betty asks the boy to mind the store, while he leaves on urgent business. In return for her services, Miss Betty promises her the small dog in return. Of course, they have a deal with Betty leaves. <br /> Getting in the work of cleaning cages and feeding animals allows the Blicher Creicher's opportunity to fire up a whole new string of gags; This time presents seed of birds, Henry's bald dog and push sweep. (But not all at once of course, Schultz!) Henry's enthusiasm for food mass population notices store by first literal plantation itself soon led to a mass of birds; from the store on the street opened in a mass jail break. <br /> <br /> BETTY returns to this sight and expresses his deception and anger and Henry's temporary care caregiver. All bets have been cut, no hatches for Henry. It starts to leave; dejete; but soon convince the proprietor to give him another bullet in fixing things. Its head covered with seed of birds, he managed to corral all the little creatures of the feathers; return them to pet store puppies. Fortunately, the leaves are small fela; but this time she has her own affection, little, licking face puppy. <br /> <br /> ANDOUBETLY This was a winning combination. We quarrel and full energy, free wheeling of the boy, the kindness of Betty and the emotions of the situation with doubtful results of 'boy and his dog situation.' ' Max and Dave Fleischer gave us a sort of almost minor mini-prince in a surreal short comedy. <br /> <br /> We were quite surprised that no HENRY series followed. Judging by the fairly faithful treatment of the character, he certainly could sustain for some time. At any speed, this team was in many ways the best of the Betty Boop to try out photos. Although the first, the SAILOR POPEYE (Fleischer / Paramount, 1933) was the most successful (and barely had any Betty Boop in it, saved for a comedy as a dancer hula carnival); HENRY couple were better than these two features King "tryouts", BETTY 'father and king LITTLE BETTY and stepfather and little Jimmy, both 1936. <br /> <br /> Poodle SCHNITZ !!
