There have been many mainstream films far in post-colonial Africa, and those who have them are a bunch of mixed. This one, with its almighty pretensions to exposing slavery in the 1970s, shows the best and worst values ​​in Africa, which turns out not to be too different with the values ​​of mankind as a whole. It also had imperfection, given the influence suffered from Western pre-conceptions in African, and, especially, Arabic. <br /> <br /> Dr. Anansa Linderby, the beautiful African-American wife of English physician David Linderby, is captured by Arab slave traders, along with a young Sanufu girl and a boy. The Slave slave merchant, Suleiman, is every bit of Arab stage, with floral and sometimes funny speeches, and match gestures - that should not be out of place on "Carry On Camels" but not up to this movie standard deserve. Peter Ustinov of course had more than enough skill to address some of the shortcomings of the script, and he rescued what might otherwise have been an unusual character of a dimension. <br /> Continue the stereotype theme, all three of Saudi Suleiman employees are unintelligent and one tends to paedophile towards the boy, which fortunately does not describe the screen. One of David's first pubs is called local police officer, a stereotypical firefighter and incompetent African bureaucrat. David then meets two ancient aesthetic pats, a British (Walker, played by Rex Harrison) and an American (Sandell, played by William Holden). Sandell is a mercenary who has "conventional" views on mixed-race relationships, who initially refuse to help unless David pays up the front. Having not liked David for Anansa, and conscious of his own inability to find love, he agrees to take David to his helicopter to help search for Anansa. Suleiman and his prisoners are crossing the border and can not be prosecuted in the neighboring territory - as a result of Sandell's eruption and the lack of experience in flying aircraft experience, his helicopter was shot but David survived. We then see David featuring Malik (Kabir Bedi), an African who lost his family Suleiman and is now only driven by revenge. They get the girl Sanufu with a Tuareg group and know them on the right track to find Suleiman. In one of the most heart-rending scenes, a slave merchant was killed only by finding Suleiman's Suleiman Group, and there was no choice but to send prisoners to Tuareg's earlier meeting. <br /> <br /> Later on we discover that the young boy who was raped is a witch doctor and, at an excellent stage and supernatural overtones, used his knowledge to kill one of Suleyman's henchmen. Anansa on his part - and despite the boy's doubts - manages engineers breaking into two Suleyman's two other employees. At that moment Suleiman and his slave are in the days of the slave market. /> <br /> Suleiman, now in no doubt that Anansa is "problem", trying to sell it to an obscene rich Arabian leader (Omar Sharif) who is corrupt but intelligent. On discovering that Anansa is an American working for U.N., the ruler rather unwisely decides to carry on with the negotiation without regard to the consequences. The scene where the two haggle guys is one of the best in the movie. <br /> <br /> In the slave market, the boy is sold to a German German pedophile, and we are left to guess if Boys are always considered to be "handsome" when their owner is on the receiving end of agility witch-doctor. David and Malik finally confront Suleiman and have an end to Malik in the life of David, Anansa, reunited, and Malik, whose life is in ruin, can console himself and see the work he puts himself to end. The overall scheme of the movie is excellent but it loses its stereotypical paintings in almost all the leading characters. Credit must go to all the leading actors to address many of the script's shortcomings.
