I would read about the FLAVIA ESSENTIAL for many years, but I've only seen it early last year, when I went to a movie movie-binge crazy, and, for whatever reason, it was on my mind lately, though It's been a few months since I watched it. <br /> It's a striking film, set in Italy somewhere around the 15th century. Definitely Medieval-era (though I do not think any specific year is ever given). This is the time of Christian ascendancy, the age is a time of utter madness, and the film captures this beautifully. <br /> <br /> Flavia, our protagonist, is a young lady who encounters a Muslim fall on a battlefield. She looks like a warm and intriguing fellow, and she immediately takes with her. His father, a soldier of a family in some standing, comes along, almost instantly, and murder the man injured his right face. But he will continue to see him in his dream. His father's ship goes to a convent that looks more like an open - air - like asylum window, so stubbornly reprimanded by sick medieval Christians, slowly goes crazy. Flavia comes under the influence of one of the nuttier nuns. But in a mad world, only the silly ones are really upset, and this sociopathic sister clearly recognizes the frenzy around him. It takes time in which they live striking a rope with Flavia, who, being young and apparently shelter, will begin to question everything about this world in which he finds himself trapped. The movie is unflinching in painting it in this world, showcasing a lot of unpleasant. We see a gelded horse, a master rape one of the women in his hometown of a pig-sty, monks of monks of a young man. Through it all, Flavia observes and questions, rejects, eventually, the dogmatic Christian who created such a parade in the theme horror that would get films of some critics in the years to look like anachronism. I do not agree with this criticism. Flavia's views, even though sometimes expressed in the vaguely frozen way, for example, the then-feminine commentary (film made in 1974), revolves around what is really pretty obvious questions. It is, perhaps, difficult to believe that it could be so much of a fish out of the water at its own time, but this sort of minor point it does not in belabor. Flavia writes in a way to allow those in our day, or at any time, to empathize with it. When they were forced to go down on such a thing, they could miss the jungle for the trees. The flame becomes very much as Muslim arrives, invades the country, and finds, in the leaders, a new version of beautiful Islamic who always visit his dreams. Smitten him almost instantly, allowing him to normally lead his army, becoming a Joan of Arc figure in full fighting-gear, and directing invaders to pull down Christian societies, and victory revenge on those he has seen commit evil. /> <br /> Is it announced in a new and better world? He may think that, but Muslim in that era was not great about feminism, either, as he soon learns the hard way. As they say, meet the new boss ... <br /> <br /> This is really just a thumbnail of some of the things that happen in FLAVIA the heretic. The film is quite angry, with a very downbeat, rather depressing ends. Not a mass-movie movie at all, to be sure. It is very good, though, and does not belong to the "nunsploitation" pile on which it is often negligence cast. I think it's valuable in the final movie, and I'm glad I've seen it.
