"Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka. The "Flavia Heretic" in 1974 is a really disturbing and compromised piece of Italian cinema extinction that, to a certain extent, follows a somewhat feminist quote (though the level of sleaze and brutality would probably disguise the majority of feminists). Set mostly in a convent, and with a mosaic as the central eponymous protagonist (great performance by Florinda Bolkan's handsome), the "Flavia Eret" can be referred to as a 'Nunsploitation' movie. However, this movie differs quite from the typical Nunsploitation flicks from the time, as it is not so much focused on the non-use elements such as lesbianism, sadistic punctuation punctuation, etc. Personally, I've seen more similarities in the Exploitation cops in time , such as "Mark of the Devil," (though this one does not treat the subject of witch hunting), focuses on the brutal execution of Christianity among the ages and modern times. <br /> Italy around 1600: After witnessing head despotic father to a wounded Muslim soldier, young Flavia forced to become a boycott of a convent. When her father condemned a little bit of a torturous death for a while later, Falvia's torture and male violence against women turned to hate against the despotic church, and met a band of Arab shelters ... <br /> /> One thing is for sure, the "Flavia Eretic" is not for the faint-heart, and neither is it for those who want happy endings. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi obviously tried to make his movie as realistic and disturbingly as possible, especially in its nasty scene. Many torture- and execution-scenes are extremely disturbing, with skinnings, spikings and other scenes that were really in explicit detail, the most shocking scenes probably were the torture of the young well at the beginning of the movie. The violence here is never useless, however. After all, this method really actually was the real time of the film set in. The film is very well, with realistic costumes, fantastic scenes of a screen movie with a great score by Nicola Piovani. Florina Bolkan stunningly beautiful and great proved his talent in many great Italian-productions (including Giallo-chief Lucio Fulci's "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" in 1972). She delivers another great, charismatic performance here, and I could not imagine another fitting actress as well in the role as she did. The film has some minor inconsistencies (and why the rigid church left the rare-followers of the convention in the first place). However, it's amazing how realistic this film is. The "Flavia Heretic" should definitely not be missed by fellow fellow Italian cinema extinction. This is a great explosion of overall cops, though it's definitely a deeply depressing and therefore should look at the right attitude. Very recommended for fans of disturbing explosive cinema. 7.5 / 10
