Flavia's heretic is a work that can not be denied by art and probably references my number one state that the cinema of euro-exploitation is severely confused and should not be ignored. This is an intelligent and complex movie, beautifully achieved with ?? surprise ?? pretty accurate damn! This is more than just meaningless violence or free violence and it's about the time that prudish film committees categorized Flavia as prohibiting garbage this rule as well. Flavia is a beautiful 14th-century adolescents, forced to live the life of an amazing obedient in a strict connoisseur. He refused to accept that he was inferior just because he was in custody and cursed his fellow sister so they were so tolerant about this. After a fruite attempt to escape, he befriends another rebellious saddle and he even guided a troop of Muslim murderers in the walls of the convent. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a downright fascinating movie! Almost impossible to believe that the director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make it so realistic and so disturbing. I challenge you to come up with a title that centers on the topic of pioneer-feminist more intense than Flavia do. Several sequences are quite shocking (along the way of nightmares, actually) as the camera zooms in on brutal riots, torture and mutilation. But all this raw foot is not only used to satisfy perverted gorigin, your mind. I am strongly convinced that they are part of the statement 'Flavia' trying to communicate: Humanity (Catholic Church in particular) historically proves itself to be a hypocrite and race discrimination and there's no use to deny it any further. Movies like "The Flavia, The Heretic" have the courage to question and openly condemn our precious ancestors and I really admire them for it. Flavia is an exceptional and fundamental exploitative film because of its substance, but it's even brought to a higher level by the beautiful movie, the glorious costumes & scenery with a magnificent music note by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as ambitious and self-imposed by María Casares who steals the show as Sister Agatha. It's a man-hatred and loud-mouth now who loves urine in the open field! Amen, sister!
