I felt that this film was as much about human sexuality as anything else, whether intentionally or not. We also show how absurd and paradoxes for women should not be allowed to be such an important event in the country, meanwhile forgetting their fittings in our respective "nations". I wrote from Japan, where women simply got the right to vote 60 years ago, and technical technicians engineers are a recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were once all-men, the business world was totally off-limits for women in America until recently, and women in China had their feet tied so they could not develop strong enough to save their husbands . Iran is good at this stage of our time, and we get a good look at how ridiculous we have all look at one time or another. Back in the issue of sexuality, we are made to wonder what it can be intrinsically about women who are incompetent for a football game (the official reason is that the guys are bad). Especially like boyish girls, a lot of couples for you even get the feeling that lesbianism is on the agenda as well. I think a point is that not every woman is the same, and the police women are trying to "protect" them by themselves who would try to get in the first place. The open scenes of the approach to the stadium make you appreciate the courageous young woman trying to get through - and each one separately - at all. It's a brutal man's world. Any brave enough woman to try going would be allowed! The world of sexuality is not one-size-fits-all. <br /> Meanwhile, the criminal girls found criminals inside the futile shield awaiting their deportation in which-knows-where, and in a more subtle way, starts bail and guards to keep watch over them . These had definite ideas about women and females, which were being challenged by self-esteem. Changes in mood are glacial, but visible. Since the movie is pure Iran from the first moment, it takes a little bit easier for the alien, but the characters have a special way of hacking themselves for you, and you get the whole picture, and even understand misunderstandings guys and give them a slack. The villain is supposed to be the unseen patriarchate of the Ayatollahs, which remains invisid and unseen, and unremembered. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this movie was filmed during the current event of the Iran-Bahrain match, giving me a trembling feeling for everyone involved.
