In Iran, women are not allowed to participate in men's sporting event, apparently in "protecting" them in all the cursed and bad languages ​​they might hear passionate from the male fans (so since people can not keep up or behave , women are forced to suffer. Go face.) "Offside" tells the story of a dozen dozen or so young women who, dressed as men, try to sneak into the high-prime advantage between Iran and Bahrain, in 2005, qualifying Iran to go to the World Cup (the movie was actually filmed in large parts while games). <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a tranny-of-life comedy that will remind you of all of these great humanist films ("The Main Street Shop," "The Love of a Blonde," "Well Watch train "etc.) that flows from Czech communism as part of" Prague's Miracles "in the mid 1960s. Like many of these works, "Offside" is more concerned with observing life than to devising any kind of craft fiction negative. Indeed, it is the simplicity of the configuration and the naturalism of the style that makes the film so effective. <br /> <br /> Once the coups are discovered, the girls are stuck in a small pen right outside the stadium where they can hear the maddening cheering from the inside game. Gluing places, all they can do is struggle with security guards to let them go, guards who are fundamentally bumbling, good-natured children who are forced to perform their duties as part of mandatory military service. Even most of the men entering the stadium do not seem particularly perverted by the thought of women that they allowed in. Still the ban still. But how should one not be impressed by the very real courage and spunk appear in these women while riding against a system that continues to reinforce such a recreational and archaic restriction restriction? And, again, these women's goals are not gathering behind a cause or making a "point." They simply obsess fans and a burning desire to watch a football game and, like everyone in the country, cheer on the teams. <br /> It's hard to tell just how much of the dialogue scripted and how much of it is extemporaneous, but, in any case, the actors, and face their expressive wonders, make a nice job every moment seems completely real and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-Abadi and Shayesteh Irani are noteworthy statutes of an excellent excerpt. The film's structure is also very loose and freeform, as writer / director Jafar Panahi and co-writer Shadmehr Rastin focuses on a short moment on one or two of the characters, then moves smoothly and effortfully on others. With this documentary-style approach, we come to feel as though we are witnessing an actual event unfolding in "real-time." Very often, it is very easy to forget that we're actually watching a movie. <br /> It was a very clever move on the part of the filmmakers to include many good-natured humor in the movie (it's what the Czech filmmakers did as well), the better to point up the absurdity of the pronounced situation and expanding the appeal of the film for both domestic and foreign hearings. "Offside" is obviously a cry for justice, but it is one that makes all the most effective by its refusal to make in its history a heavy-handed tragedy. Instead, he realizes that there is nothing to break social barriers as efficiently as humor and a call to the common humanity audience. And is not that art really supposed to be all about? In its own quiet, understated way, "Offside" is one of the great, under-appreciated gems of 2007.
