Panahi, whose previous films such as the Circle and Crimson Gold seemed to vary from grimacedness, produced by his new offside off a funny piece, obstinate, chaotic songs that ended on a note of liberation and sincere pleasure ?? yet the movie deals with materials quite as difficult and relevant as anything else he did. By focusing on a group of snapshot football fans hosting sneak in pre-World Cup Bahrain-Iran match in Tehran Stadium, Panahi brought up issues of national and independent-minded issues, and the contradictions ?? with absolute absurdity ?? in the religious apartheid sexual diet in a world of modern competition and a young population of majority and urban girls who are increasingly thinking of themselves. <br /> <br /> As the movie opens us without chicken joining one of the girls in a bus, and a father pursuing a lost daughter. This one has a backdrop and has national color as warpaint, but we cringe with him in the knowledge of what will happen: it's always easy to locate. The thing is, most of the guys around do not really care. Still, the rules are rules, and once they try to make it to the various dams on the road to the big stadium the football-like girls, or some of them anyway, get rounded up and held in a small upper house composed of the stadium by some mostly young, green, and rustic soldiers-cops who have no idea how to deal with the girls 'girls' girl ideas and would rather watch the game ?? which grows we are constantly heard in the background ?? themselves. Every girl different? represent a variety of reasons for wanting to break the rules and different ways of doing it. One was wearing a uniform soldier and entered the officers section. One is difficult and masculine and mocking and provocative (he could pass for a handsome boy, and teasingly the suggestion: "Are you a girl or boy?" "What would you like me to be? "). One does not care much about football but went to honor a dead comrade. One (Aida Sadeghi) is a soccer player shining himself ?? and so on. These Tehrani girls are stubborn and clever and walk throughout rural lettians in charge of them (Safar Samandar). One of the rural cops (Mohamad Kheirabadi) took girls soccer player to the men's bathrooms (of course there's no ladies'), forcing him to put a poster on an Italian football star as a mask. A comedy of errors and chaos follows in which the girl is saved. <br /> <br /> Later a spiffy wind came up with a direct-directed officer to take the girls from the Vice Department ?? violates sexual segregation policies as vices. A male gets mixed in with them ?? a kid of chronic culprit in firebrush smashing in the toys. The wind turns out not to be so spiffy: the aerial radio is broken. But one cop keeps it in place so they can listen to the increasingly heart-stopping rays. The cops and the prisoners are all together in a common stimulation right now. There is no note, the game goes to penalty kicks, and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background of all this is a real game, a real stadium, and real mass of crazy young men about the outcome of this event. The excitement is tremendous, and the streets are trapped with cars and flags and a crowd of grinders of prayer prayers for an Iranian win and united in their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so good, as can be clear by now, is that it's injected during the evening in a real game with a real final that turns everything around. This, in contrast to the Panahi's future, is highly calculated narrative trajectory, is the spontaneity of film-making that improves in rhythm and a captured background of current events and sweeps you through excitement in well-being. The offside essence is to disconnect between modern modern world madness and retro-Islamic social ban prohibited women ?? The latter letter exists at a time when Iranian girls will become part of a global world in which brides participate in sports and share in the envy of the national team spirit. How exactly do you reconcile the nation's ambition to become a modern global power and medieval social attitude? A lot of Office is amazingly real, including the way everyone tries to speak their way out of everything. The director's decision to inject young actors into a current mega-event sports leads to a stunning, effective mix of documentary, controversy, and fiction that is too energetic to have a bone to choose, and end up in a brilliant and moving way . <br /> I had reservations on Panahi's movie before, but one this kick kicks. Panahi does something remarkable here. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama, and touches our hearts with a sense of aspiration of a nation.
