In Iran women are prohibited from participating in live sports events because they fear that they will be "corrupted" by bad language, proximity to thousands of men, and the fact that there is no toilet facilities for women in the former stadiums. Based on a current incident involving the principal's daughter, Jafar Panahi's offside followed six girls, disguised as men, who refused to enter the football match in 2005 between Iran and Bahrain, a match that will decide whether Iran's name goes to World Cup. In a departure from the weak films, our minimalism has been familiar from Iran over the past ten years, Offside is a turbulent comedy that has a patriotic clash with a universal appeal, but there is sufficiently subversive social comedian's mandate to ban its on exams in Iran. Shot with a digital camera using non-professional actors who are more than up to the job, the girls try to sneak into the Azadi stadium in Tehran, but they arrested and placed them in an area out of the stadium. They are protected by three young army recorders (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-Abadi, and Masoud Kheymeh-Kaboud) who express their ambivalence to their work but are committed to following the rules. Women are football enthusiasts, not political activists and applaud for Iran's victory but that does not discourage the soldiers from arresting them while waiting for the girls to be transported to the Squad Vice and an uncertain future. Outspoken rather than acting as victims, they always pose soldiers on the rationale behind the restrictions, making their absurdities quite obvious. Although they can hear the noise of the crowd, women can not see the action but achieve a minor victory by convincing one of the soldiers giving a Next Run on the Game. One of the funniest sequences takes place when a "prisoner" girl escorts in the men's room by a soldier. Recruiting of teens then must deal with a nearby riot when it has to prevent anyone else from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Little by little, Paraphrase Adlai Stevenson, unite them to turn out to be greater than what divides them and rally the antagonists easily behind their country and root for the victory that will send Iran to The world. Although the point was made early and often with films in a somewhat middle-sized, Offside made a point of saying about a society where a political elite and a medieval social mentality have sustained a growing group of citizens educated and politically ridiculous. One can only hope that the global pressure and the awakening of its own people will force the Ayatollahs to come to terms with the 21st Century.
