I saw this film at Film Festival Film Toronto. Filmed during a current match qualifying for the 2006 World Cup, Offside works brilliantly as both a comedy and a tragedy. The film follows the fortunes of a group of young women who are keeping trying to sneak into a football match at the Azadi Stadium in Tehran. Religious leaders in the Islamic world have announced that women can not sit with men in sporting events, to expose them to curses and other morally doubtful behavior. This has not stopped fans of young women in the country, who continue to sneak into using various tricks. But Panahi focused on a small group that was caught and arrested to agonizingly close to the action. They beg their soldiers bored to watch them go away or at least let them watch the match. Soldiers say they should not have tried to get into, that they can watch the game at home on TV. They bathed back with the idea of ​​almost real-time as the game continues, just over-camera. <br /> There is one very funny sequel where a young soldier accompanies one of the girls in the bathroom. Since there is no female toilet in the stadium, it has cleared the room of anyone before it can allow it to attend. Plus, it makes him cover his face so no one can see it is a woman. This is accomplished using a poster of the Iranian football star Ali Daei as a mask, with pebbles troubling out. <br /> You get a real sense that even the soldiers are baffled by the ban, and they only carry out their orders so as to rush to the end of mandatory military service. A soldier complained that he was supposed to leave so he could take care of his family's animal in the country. Little by little, the girls and the soldiers talk to each other, and there are many acts of kindness on both sides showing that these are basically good people living in terrible circumstances. However, the conclusion of the constant soldiers that the "prince" is on his way to lend a sense of threat, since we do not know what kind of punishment women are facing. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, which is known for their strong visuals, Offside is filmed in a realistic style with no atifis. In fact, the film was made during the current matching match against Bahrain that took place on 5 June 2005. The "plot" in many ways was determined by the result of the pitch. If Iran won the match, they would qualify. If they lose, they would not. Since the World Cup has come and gone, I do not think it's a sting to say that Iran won the match. The scenes of celebration at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film a real authenticity. See how much this means for Iran to be deeply touched. <br /> As well, one of the young women makes reference to the end of the film seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan match on March 25, just a few weeks before. They were trampled into death after the police started spilling the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. When I know that this was a real life tragedy added another level of poignancy in the celebrations. <br /> I do not want to go on a long time politics, but this film gave me hope that people in Iran have the hope of change and work in it. Iran is a young nation, and it is only a matter of time before taking place in the heads of the political sphere. Such movies show the proud spirit of the Iranian people in spite of their present difficulties, and it's my sincere hope that there is a bright future for them.
