I found this to be an amazing touch-light hand in a 1950's culture-conflict movie. John Wayne would hardly be the first choice one as a cultural assault, being on diplomatic with his good intent as a bull-run in Harrods. But this time, he left to play a far more passive part than his usual bluff personality, and accomplished his work with style. Duke was a guy who really could act. Its facial expressions and body language can be very subtle. Despite his considerable presence both as an actor and in terms of screen time, he failed to dominate this movie. Many of her good intentions have become a cropper. He had authority on nobody, and the narrative periodically gave in geisha to the guardian whom he was the barber. <br /> The story of American curry attempt favors Japan's isolationism was one of political intrigues rather than swashbuckling or hell-for-leather fighting. I can not comment on the accuracy of its research, but it was strange in the Oriental culture of western sensitivity to demonstrate well. There was a great deal of minor-choreographic ceremony that enticed what looked like this observer like native costume and accessory. The pieces are being complex and detailed. A lot of money and thought have been applied to it. <br /> <br /> Romantic fracture between Wayne and Geisha has added a little extra element, and stop the movie becoming just a political or flag-lifting effort. Script was good without too wordy. There was a great deal of Japanese dialogue, but the long periods of translation did not interfere with the narrative. It was nice to see many genuine orientals on the series. If you were not Japanese, I could not say. But anyway they looked at the part. At least the drives are not played by cross-dress Caucasians, unlike other efforts like 'Alley Blood' (yes, I know they were Chinese) 'The Inn of the Sixth Chance' or even the 'King And I'. /> <br /> Frankly, I loved this much more than any of these other movies. The script was best for a start. I never liked to sing in 'my King', and have not been impressed by sub-heavy anti-communist subtext in 'Alley Blood'. I confess never saw this work before finding it very favorably compared to Duke's more popular outings.
