This is not a lot of movie films for which John Wayne was known. She plays a diplomat, a man who gets things done in words and persuades rather than physical actions. The movie moves with a quiet realism in its unprecedented story. <br /> <br /> For the open-minded, patient and thoughtful, this film is a rich diagram of an intriguing part of history. <br /> There are two intersecting stories. The great story is in the interior, Japan isolation and extensively, expansionist America clashes when conflicting interests. The small, human, story is an outspoken barbaric (Wayne) and a hostile geisha civilian initiative and dislike of mutual respect and love. The human story is a reflection of the largest story of the two nations. The movie is very well done with all actors playing their role well. The lead roles are designed for perfection. John Wayne is excellent as Townsend Harris, striking exactly the right mix of forces and negotiations in his report with the Japanese. Eiko Ando is similar to the geisha of the title, charming and delightful. The interaction between his character and John Wayne is particularly well described. This is exactly how these people (as shown in the movie) would have behaved. <br /> <br /> The script is very well written. It lacks all pomposity. and it is a realistic illustration of how the events may have occurred. Characters are real people, not self-conscious "great" figures from history. In addition, the conflict of culture and interest is portrayed with great skill and subtlety. Indeed, the controversy of a traditional, traditionally powerful, Japanese isolationist with a rising, newly powerful nation from the sea resembled very well in an exchange between John Wayne and the Japanese Baron Japanese. Wayne complains that shipwrecked ships off their heads if they land in Japan, and that ships are not even placed in the ports of water. The Baron responds that Japan just wants to leave alone. Wayne's character responds that Japan is at a crucial crossroads in international shipping, and that if things continue as before the nation will be considered nothing more than a brigand band that has infested an important route. A very real summary of the way in which these two countries each have seen themselves as being in the right, he sees the other as being in the wrong. The resulting resolution between two independent peoples and conflicts of interest has its reflection throughout history, an ongoing theme that echoes in the present and future of the future. <br /> <br /> Cinematography and illustration in the mid-nineteenth-century Japan, before the growth accelerated towards industrialization followed later in the century, is excellent. A visual treat, and an instrumental insight into ancient Japan's civilization. <br /> I highly recommend anyone, if a fan of John Wayne or not, to watch this movie if you get the chance. Just be aware that it is not an action movie. It is a representation of an interesting place and time of history, with a slow-boiled love story that (many of the surprises) come to dominate the personal lives of the two main characters. Watch this movie on its merits, without caution, allow yourself to be immersed in her story, and you'll enjoy it well. <br /> In all, an excellent movie.
