Loopy, but clever and formidable by the fort of Vic Vic (an excellent performance by Richard Dreyfuss) has been released into a mental hospital. Several of the Vic's fellow Criminal Groups including the voluminous henchman "Ben Bronze" Ben London (a handsome manic and sub-top painted by Gabriel Byrne), Jake Parker's smakey (a perfectly smiling Kyle MacLachlan), and Greedy rival "Wacky" Jacky Jackson (a clean turn by Burt Reynolds) all tries to hit Vic cut. Meanwhile, set-back and self-assured hit-man Mickey Holliday (nicely played with low-key confidence by Jeff Goldblum) finds himself in the middle of all of these deadly deadly things. Writer / director Larry Bishop brings an extremely hip, original, and original idiosyncratis to this deliciously delicate commercial delicacy and pitch-blacks on betrayal, loyalty, and mercy without mercy merely running amok. Throwing off bang-up has a garden day with colorful grogwik's galleries of blithely amorous and treacherous hoodlums: Ellen Barkin as hard, hot rolling Rita Everly, Henry Silva as the serious right-hand man Sleepy Joe Carisle, Gregory Hines as philosophical Julie Flamingo's smoothie, Diane Lane as sweet Vic, Mistress Grace, Billy Drago as Slimy Wells, and Christopher Jones as brutish rub-out artist Nicholas Falco. Bishop does most of his high juicy roles as Nick and Nickelic Assassin Nick. Popping up in debuffing bits are Billy Idol as a Thug Thug, Michael J. Pollard as the Red-Faced Red, Joey Bishop as Morthe Gottlieb, Rob Reiner as a jolly driver, and Richard Pryor as Jimmy Gravedigger. Byrne succulent crazy drug and singer Paul Anka on "My Way" rate as a definite highlighted sidesplitting. A tense and entertaining Mexican climactic stand-off similar to the dog's funny dog ​​is something hysterical. Frank Byers' slick cinematography, the exclusive Nutty dialogue, Early Rose's jazzy dirty drinks room, and a bandwidth of ancient Old Golden Swing all further enhance the peculiar peculiar charm of this incredibly fun one-to-one shell -kalite.
