I must be honest and say I bought this movie, not because of the content, but because David Cubitt is in it; I know ... deep, or what? - but, coming up, Mr Cubitt is a fantastic actor to put him mildly. <br /> I really did not know what to expect from watching this movie, I would read the other writing, and those on other sites but I said I was drawn to the world of the brothers almost from go to go. David Cubitt as Theo, and Colm Feore as Ryan, are credible as the two aliens, the movie moves into their relationships as they begin to try to get to know each other once more after their father's death. The scene where Theo finds out Ryan is gay playing brilliantly, he literally walks on a scene and attempts to leave without Ryan noticing - of course he won. The movie has been very well done and is therefore incredibly sad, moving, uplifting and a celebration of life in part. I have come far to feel sad at what Ryan has gone through but also with the knowledge that he has given hope and love unconditionally by the brother of Theo drug. I agree with the other review that finds the scene where Theo says it will be a moving father, and I would go a little further to say I actually vocalised my thoughts to Ryan when he cruelly tells Theo 'what to do Do You Think You Can Do a Dad 'and Theo say simply' You '. Theo moves away then, but the small exchange dialogue speaks to traders of almost unmatched self-esteemed Ryan that brings up critically by the simple retreat. A brilliant film gets pregnant over all counts, acts, directs, writes etc. all well done. I can not really find anything else to say about this movie, except saying it is very difficult to deal with the death of a loved one, but this is done superbly, to the infinite degree. Respect for the subject and expression of love (without controversy with mawkish) speak to worldly traders rather selfish we are living in today. Carefully make everyone concerned. <br /> Not many movies bring me into tears and give me pause thoughts of life in general, and also be happy for all the things I have and do not be sad for things I'm not To do this, but this movie was done, it was unbelievable to uprising to consider the matter.
