Anna (Ursula Andress) was brought in as an official R.N. by former lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), officially a nurse widower, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), returned to health after a heart attack. But Benito is actually leading a group of heirs and businessmen, including American entrepreneur Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), and Ulterior motives, reflected by what Anna hopes to actually accomplish with the county. She has a tale of good, humorous women, and she would actually be a bit more "vulnerable" as she cured. The bad guys find dismay as Anna does not go along with growing closer to the county. The finish can be said to be ironic, but it is probably best described as predictable. <br /> But so much to draw - this movie is totally an erotic comedy, from start to finish, and oh how good. There are many nude scenes, including ones in Anna and Jole, one of the malignant legacies, played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are remarkable continental of old female bondage, and thus satisfy the imagination of male viewers. As he did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana played a fatal femme, sort of, though less chic. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is the Anna (slow) full strip and jump in the bed with the Adon young, "the other patient" (which is extremely resistant), in an attempt to find out he knows the two scheme. But even at this point it's already de-faced (for the better), because he decided not to go along. However, Benito is more than a two-timer and woman, having long arrows in the past with both Anna and Jole, and rivaling the best erotic scene following a full-featured invasion (to put it mildly) argument Between him and Jole. This is a stand-up encounter in which Luciana is down to black pants only. Another nice one is Ursula swimming completely naked in the pool of the estate. The county is free, like the customer, puts his hands wherever he wants about Ursula, and takes advantage. Hey, somehow I went back to the actresses of my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women include a naked entertainment wineries chasing. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it does not need to be - it's enjoyable without interruption, starting to finish. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
