I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I do not think I've ever loved him at anything I've seen him in the opening stage of this movie to confirm my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, playing a ridiculous character looking around around New York City on a scooter engine, looking depraved and lost. Typical Sandler-type character deficit again, I thought. I almost abandoned and then there. But then, as I stick with this, I actually discover something I never knew before: Adam Sandler can act! She is truly exceptional in this film as Charlie, a losing face and lonely, whose whole family (including the dog) has died at one of the plane jets on 9/11 and has apparently lost all touches with reality as a result. Don Cheadle plays her former college colonel who unexpectedly reunited with Charlie and takes it on how her mission helps her get better. Of course, Alan Johnson Cheadle has its own problems and sources of unlucky, and somehow these guys managed to help each other in their difficulty. Two of them made a completely credible team, and Sandler in particular made Charlie real, working in her emotions and feelings. This is not a Sandler comedy. If you are looking for going to some of his other, sillier, stuff. This is a very heavy film - sometimes sad, sometimes hopeful and still angrossing. There are some funny parts in it. I liked the scene at which Charlie convinced Alan to confront his partner by reminding him of how difficult he was to college, and then the conversation two of them thereafter. <br /> I personally did not think Safran Burrows added much to the movie as Donna, a obviously poor patient in Johnson. The only reason for the character seemed (based on one flashback) to be that he looked astride as Charlie's late wife, but that was never really developed, and I just did not care much for character la. Look for part of the judge, however, played by Donald Sutherland, who I thought nailed to bang-on. As far as I'm concerned, though, this is Sandler's film, and her kudos for a great performance. Definitely best it in my opinion. 8/10
