I must admit, this film moved me to the extent that I burst into tears. However, I still think about these things twice, and instead of writing an eulogy that would define the movie as impeccable and impeccable, I prefer to take risks for a closer look. <br /> <br /> First of all, the movie has an independent impact on the viewer simply because it starts out and continues as a slow-paced movie that does not try to blow you away with the current scenes from 9/11. Tumbs up for this stroke of genius, because, unlike the WORLD TRADE STONE center this film fortunately does not focus on the attack itself but on the fallout, as with the fall of a nuclear explosion, is hardly visible but however dangerous and devastating. The psychological impact, the sheer 11/11 devastation caused by the wounds he wreaked about the American people is almost palpable in this film. I think Binder manages a rigorous observation in the Americas post 9/11 Society and Sandler in my opinion Sky looking from an average actor actor to a real talent that delivers a worthy performance to an Oscar. However, in the DIAMOND BLI film, the character says Caprio says and I quote: "Ah, these Americans are always willing to take on their feelings." Now I do not want the abominable to suffer, but I'm sure you would like to make a comparison. Since 9/11 the whole world has been confronted with memorials, memorials and commemorations of 9/11. The Hollywood industry and writers like Safran Foer more than 9/11 allies in their work. Now, this huge amount of cultural products, dealing with 9/11, turns death of 3000 people into the biggest tragedy of this century. The number of books written on the subject and the number of films directed on this topic, and I say that with all due respect, blows the importance of this crime at least somewhat from proportions. <br /> Factor is: Dead people every day due to unjust action and terrible crime committed by bad or simply losing people. We have a war in Iraq, Afghanistan, Burma and many other countries. On a daily basis, we forget about the poverty of African people suffering from and we tend to make enthusiasm with them at a lesser degree than American victims in 9/11 simply because they are black and because their lives do not have much in common with our Western lives. Africa has neither the money nor the potential to commemorate national tragedy in a way America can. So what I say is this: The reason why we feel more for the 3000 victims of 9/11 and their families are because we are still reminded of 9/11. Not one day goes by without a newspaper article, a movie or a book that discusses 9/11. <br /> In conclusion: I commiserated with Charlie Fineman, but I was not sure I was right to feel it over for a Hutu who had lost all of his family in the civil war.
