Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist, who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also had a love wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille Lach Smith & Imani Hakim). He also left his parents staying in his large apartment in New York City. But somehow, he feels that his life is a bit empty. An ordinary day in the city, she saw her old roommate Charlie Fire (Adam Sandler). Which Alan has not seen Charlie in years. When Alan tries befriends and Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely depression man, who hides his true feelings from those who care about him. Since Charlie unexpectedly lost his family in an airplane crash, they were in one of the aircraft on September 11, 2001. When Alan almost feels comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things in his past, Charlie becomes violent towards Alan or anyone who mentions his deceased family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and try to make his life a little easier for himself. But Alan finds out making Charlie talk about her true feelings is more difficult than expected. <br /> <br /> Writing and directing by Mike Bender (Blanking, American Summer, The Head of Wrath) has made a beautiful human touch drama that's the moment of sadness, truth and comedy as well. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance, which Sandler offers more of his dramatic role than he did on Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-driven love. Cheadle is excellent as usual. Pinkett Smith is Alan's good wife, Tyler's book is also good as the young psychiatrist and saffron Burrows is quite beautiful as lonely lonely woman, with a wooden crush on Alan. This movie was unfortunately a desk desktop box, despite having some great reviews. Throw is the first-rate here, the writing and the director is wonderful with the Russian T. Alsobrook widespread panoramic cinema. The film has great NYC city, where the movie makes New York a wonderful city to look at the picture. <br /> <br /> DVD has a sharp ammunition transfer (2.35: 1) and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. DVD also includes a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, a featurette, montage picture and forecasts. I was expecting more for the DVD features as an audio commentary track by the director and deleted scene. "Reaching on me" is certainly one of the best films that came out this year. I'm sure this movie looked great at the big screen. Unfortunately, I did not have a chance to see it in a theater. But it is also the kind of movie that plays well on DVD. The film has a good soundtrack as well and has many familiar faces in supporting roles and bit-parts. Even the director has a bit-party as Byran Sugarman, who's an actor himself. "Reigning on me" is one of the most iconic photographs of this year. It is also the best sandler film to my taste since the "wedding singer". Do not miss it. HD Widescreen. (**** 1/2 from *****).
