What we have here is a Situation. A man found to be in distress and people who want to help him - in contrast way. At the end they are forced to let go. You can not fix people. But in various aspects of my reign is conventional Hollywood, that message is not. <br /> This story is not about Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), a man who lost his wife and three daughters in an 9/11 aircraft that goes through an almost psychotic state of PTSS since. It's about what Charlie's meetings make Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), a dentist in New York who was his roommate at dental school, and, knowing about his tragedy, his spot on the street and re-connecting. Charlie is riding around on a little scooter toy engine - a wonderful fabulous photography for Manhattan traffic handshakes - with huge headphones on a mass of unruly hair. The hair is Sandler's proposal to show that she was disruptive. With the use of music as an escape must be hit home to each train-trained rider. <br /> <br /> Charlie is a disaster, but paradoxically Alan, stuck with a controlled wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), soon begs her jealousy. Charlie is living as a teenage adolescent teen with a huge trust fund (insurance money in the tragedy), and begins to drag Alan off to "hang out," "Chinese food," buy records, or watch a Mel Brooks marathon in a house rep. Charlie lives in a beautiful large apartment protected by a landlord, redoing the kitchen over and over, collecting old vinyl at Springsteen, Who, etc., and playing a video game called Shadow of the Collosus on a The giant screen of a large blank living room. Charlie's in-laws are deeply concerned about her, but also somehow bad, as we learn later. Alan has a new patient who proposed him. Charlie's Deportation Announces Alan. Trying to help Charlie partly allow Alan to escape from his own reality stifling, but partly just make him more acutely aware of them. <br /> <br /> Cheadle and Sandler make an odd couple, but that does not matter, because it's convinced that they can both need each other. Charlie is desperate for the company of a friend who never knew his family, because to save his loss, he is pretending never to have one. So if if as a Charlie's roommate killed naked and sleepy was there and had terrible music music (no Motown)? Alan wants to escape from his own, bitter life. He is under the thumb of not only to his wife, but to his dental partner, who master it on himself though he is the one who set up the practice. They are white, by the way, and it's black. There is also the lascivious patient from Hell, who seriously disrupts things from the dental offices, but begins looking different when Charlie comes by and notices it's a babe. Libido it seems to be secretly ready to revive at any minute. She also draws on the Book Book Breast, a psychotherapist in the same building as dentists who begin trying to treat Charlie by admitting that she might need help. <br /> <br /> Sandler's movie scene is a bit too much theater, as a lot of devices are drawn (in fact this movie feels like a play at more than one point), but it has several monologues He expressed his grief in deeply touched ways. <br /> <br /> Charlie's is not only deliberate and sad, but dangerous and violent, and all these efforts help her start back. The movie is admirable in this way it conveys a sense that people can not do right. This is an interesting movie - sometimes one touch - and it's the first time 9/11 has to deal with in terms of suffering suffering. But there is an element of comedy that seems unlucky at times, many of whom are too broadly drawn, and overwhelming great Grand Hollywood interiors have decorative obscenities; Only the streets of Manhattan look real. There is a precautionary court scene, and Donald Sutherland is a judge who is too good to be true. Alan's family problems solve too easily with a phone call. But this is worth looking for the act - the control and subtlety of Cheadle, and Sandler in a serious role almost as good as one of having at P.T. Anderson's 2002 Punch-Drinking Love, though this clearly a better movie, in fact a better one.
