I did not really enter "Reindeer on me" knowing exactly what you can expect either to the director or the story. The plot was easy enough to understand, I suppose. This guy's family died on 9/11, and closed the world out of his life. Well. I did not know if it was going to use the terrorist attachment as a platform to talk about that or other issues related to it, and it really does not seem very obvious, so if you're scared to be surrounded by opinion Politics that can differ from you, I would not worry about it. I think the same writing made a point never clearly mentioned "the eleventh September". <br /> <br /> Overall, I was impressed. It was a very moving picture. The film has a sense of humor, and it is very sharp, but it is definitely a drama where it counts. I typically do not like to think that acting actors are incapable of actually acting, but sometimes they must be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is definitely able to read (and even though I think that, you can agree, Jim Carrey is also very well rounded .. sometimes). Sandler's paintings at Charlie Fineman took a character on the surface to look completely real and make it absolutely credible. I read many reviews criticizing writing in Alan Johnson's (Don Cheadle's another excellent role, if not one that looks similar to a few of her more recent photographs) wife, who plays well by Jada Pinkett Smith , call it static and dull, but this is completely true. <br /> It has depth, but some of it gets hidden behind the main story, making floats in and out of focus occasionally. (Which also brings to mind some very unusual transitions made early in the movie, and an unusual "Make everything out of focus" fadeout. After about 40 minutes at first, they are not used again.Maybe it's important for characters they are outlook, artistically, or perhaps they just realize how disappointing it was.) The film gradually begins to reveal to us the point (one of several, but definitely the most explicit) of the story, which is that sometimes people have to deal with grieve in their own way. Perhaps it looks unorthodox for us, maybe it looks downright unhealthy, but maybe that some people want more than anything is just to forget. To just exist. The film film was excellent, and used music to pursue and amplify humor, rather than establishment, giving credit to actors and writers. The film takes its name from the song "Love, Rejoice O'Er me", cut into opera in the rock, Quadrophenia. The song itself is fairly insignificant in the current story, but it is used powerful in the movie over the course of the climax, and at the very end. The movie is rhythmically good, and does not feel like it's dragging anywhere in its length, which is a little over 2 hours. If you can accept Adrian Sandler's porn adult deeply intimate and crush, you will enjoy the movie. You will become entangled in the story, and you will really feel for the characters at every minute of it. It is not the best movie of the year, and nothing is inaugurated or positively amazing in it, but it's a very enjoyable movie movie, all at all.
