On September 11, 2001, millions were killed; but 2.819 life has ended in a truly special way. They were victims of an aircraft assaulted by extremists whose only mission destroyed buildings, but most importantly, people. This film takes a deep look at four people whose lives have been cut short by this disastrous event and one person lives has been destroyed by the loss of life. Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist living in New York, lost his wife and three children on September 11 as they were on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally canceled by the events, he eventually lost touch with everyone who reminded him of his ex life; including his in-law with his best friend (play, respectively, by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon, and Mike Bender). He goes to refi completely and makes his best forget about his former life. This continues until he runs old college friends Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) that Financing does not seem to remember. The two begin to catch up, but Fineman believes Johnson was sent by people from his former life to persuade him to get help. Slowly, but surely, Fineman returns his trust for Johnson. While all that is happening, Alan Johnson's life will go down the wrong path. It is a self-dentist who helps start a dental practice. One day a patient named Donna Remar (played by Safran Burrows) tries to make a move on her, telling her that he would like to have oral sex for her. This is an unwelcome surprise at Dr. Johnson since she is a married couple of two children. As he comes home from work on a particular job, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to flag him down. It is unsuccessful, but it gets another opportunity and convinced Fineman to get a come up in coffee with her catch up, despite the fact that Fineman does not know who she is. <br /> One of the most interesting things on this movie is its use of music as a motive. One of the mechanical Physiological Financing is music, especially Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When Finishing requests to open on past or to talk about things it finds unpleasant, it puts on its knowledge and extract from the world and its music. <br /> <br /> When the movie ended, I had to think: how could I deal with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such a tragic event. It's something we do not really think about too often. We always think they will be there and we often take them for granted, if we plan for you. Usually we realize how important they are when it's too late; and a blow like that can destroy a person physically, emotionally, and physiologically. I really do not know how I could deal with something like that. Would I face the problem with over, face, and move on with my life or do I just put my headphones on and block the world?
