Time and time again, it seems that the comedy actors in Hollywood are surprised me and their talents as dramatic performers: first it was Robin Williams {'A photo when (2002)'}, then it was Jim Carrey { eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) 'being one instance}, then Will Ferrell {' Stranger Fiction (2006) '} and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's absolutely right: the guy who has been based on a whole career on making brainless, goofball comedy {I do not complain; I've always been a fan} finally giving me a performance in which she can be proud. Of course, some readers may ask what happened in 'Punch-Drinking Love (2002),' but I can only make sure it's a movie I'm taking to measure as soon as possible since I've heard it in terrific. My first film to director Mike Binder, 'Reaching on me,' is a clever exploration and respect of mourning and friendship. Though it occasionally loses to all-too-familiar territory, the scenario somewhat predictably proven surprisingly deep and moving, and both Sandler and Don Cheadle provide memorable performance. Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist and a good family, though he finds himself able to communicate appropriately with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and thus her marriage is a bit unstable. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is the former colleague Alan Alan, a man who lost his entire family in terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, and is still confronted with overwhelming feelings. A disorderly face with dirty hair and eye kicking off {often as in appearance to Bob Dylan}, Charlie abandoned her career at Dentist, and spent her time in loneliness: listening to music and headphones that cut off all sounds from the outside world, driving around Manhattan in his motor scooter, immersed himself in awesome video games and repeatedly redecorated his apartment kitchen in accordance with the wishes of his deceased wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in the year, the latter does not even recognize an old friend, having completely abandoned any memory before his life-saving crippling experience. Indeed, at first it does not even recognize the existence of his family, and abruptly loses his temper anyone who suggests he seeks advice. Initially, it may seem a bit exploding for the filmmakers to be using September 11 attacks as a story teller device. And would it not be as devastating if Charlie's family died in an ordinary accident every day? However, if you consider that the intention of the director to demonstrate the enormous pain caused by ordinary citizens by the tragedy, then 'Reaching on Me' does a very good job. It's easy to get so caught up in stupid statistics that you neglect the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; This is the first 9/11-oriented film I've seen that really faced with the suffering of those who have not even participated, whose only anguish has caused the loss of loved ones. Adam Sandler shows surprising range in a tough role, one who would have crushed his piece was not up to the job. Checking immediately between joy, anger and depression, Charlie Fineman is a man with whom we can deeply sympathize, a hollow soul that, thanks to the company of an old friend, can finally glimpse light at the end of a dark, weak tunnel .
