Governor Andrew M. Cuomo said Charlie Fineman, who lost his family in a tragedy (terrorist attack on Sept. 11), still has a life-threatening crisis. She runs her former college college, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and her two friends. Alan vows help her old friend come in terms with the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of my reign. This movie is, however, a story of how fate is prohibited in our lives when we ourselves can power without doing anything on our own state of being. Alan is stuck in a life that he knows is not accomplished. He feels friends and out of touch with his own reality. He can not communicate with his wife and associates at work. He can not express his feelings and as a result he feels lost and far from his own world. She lucky on Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving to work. Eventually he meets and discovers that Charlie, (who originally does not remember Alan), lives in a fake fact of his own. Charlie had returned to a time of his life when he had no family. She lives as if she was still a student playing in a rock band, collecting vinyl records in the 60s and 70s bands, and playing video games. He escaped to a better and safer time in his life where there is no bad guy and he has a lot less lost. All of this movie has been affected in some ways in the tragedy that has affected Charlie and his remix in a different place and best (?). Her owner is her protector with great enabler. The laws of the laws are subtracted from his life because they would bring him back to the fact that his family is now going to his life. And Alan is most affected by him because Alan wants, (in the first instance a selfish desire to escape from his own reality) to be with Charlie as a means of subtracting himself from his own underlying reality and then She wants to find a way to help Charlie begin to recover from her self-induced guilt and refusal to lose. It is in this relationship that not only is Charlie able to cure himself but that Alan, in fact, learn to communicate and conceal his true desires and associate it to work, and, eventually, is able to admit to his wife he does not have was able to communicate his real feelings but he was strongly unwilling because he loved her. It is in fact a moment scheduled in the movie when the thing hit the fan and Charlie is being confronted with the fact of leaving away that she and Alan are talking about the situation alongside "chinese" that Charlie states that it is in fact to worry about Alan and not himself. <br /> <br /> This movie will, if you leave it, take you to a river of emotions and let you think. It will make you laugh at how Charlie uses her words, like people really do in everyday life, to make a funny statement in reality about a real situation. It will leave you on the road in tears, (in my case real water), when Charlie meets his sorrow, he begins to come to grips with his huge loss. And that in fact the tragic fact is his guilt and loss really does not leave him, he faced with it the only way he knew: refusal. It will make you curse of cold, the actions that are not discouraged by a young prosecutor trying to win her "case" (as I actually did at Charlie's hearing!) And it will make you smile in this sense a old and wise judge, (Donald Sutherland is great in his short distinct role and gives the best performance of a wise person, sharply in the legal profession since Wilford Brimley has played a Prosecutor Assistant General in Malice's absence.) Movie was also amazing to me for some other reason: (1) I never looked at me once during the film show. Which meant it was me from the beginning to the end, (2) Despite the interruption, the fact was not important in the play out of the roles of the characters in the movie. Race was a factor non-factor performance role in this film. Amazing people can actually communicate and out this fact being carried out! and (3) only real references to 9/11 are when Charlie's financial attorney refers to the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "what Charlie got on 9/12". Time will be the true test of how this movie will stand out in the future, but if the purpose of a movie is not just to entertain but to make one think and have that movie left with you long after you leave The theater then Reign more than I succeeded phenomena as far as I concerned. I have not forgotten this movie thought provocative and I'll wait for impatience for the day I can buy it as a DVD.
