Reaching on me is a success due to the powerful task of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While acting actors will dramatically see this as a bit of a distraction, Sandler has no stranger to play the most serious role. Most of the characters it shows have an unstable temper and a vulnerability that can burst at any moment. It might even be tipcast for the characters and the hidden bug problems. However, this performance has some considerable dramatic weight, unlike its role in less comedian fare like Punch-Drinking and Spanglish love. In the movie, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) runs in his college's old college, Charlie Finman (Sandler), whom he has not seen in many years. Five years earlier, Charlie suffered the powerful loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie barely recognizes Cheadle's character as a result of the repression of his memory, and consequently the child's lifecycle since the accident. Not until Alan persists in engaging her in conversation that Charlie remembers who she is. The renewed relationships that follow will enable Finerman to have a friend who does not talk about his loss, eventually allowing him to confront thoughts and feelings he has suppressed on his own terms. <br /> <br /> Even though writer-director Mike Binder does not show much sense to an individual style and some of his shots and transitions are a bit awkward, he has a talent in getting decent high performance from his actors 'while being a talented and funny writer. He shot this movie with a digital camera, as more and more filmmakers are doing today, allowing the crew to shoot the night scenes with limited lighting. This keeps the colorful backgrounds in New York City in focus, but caused to create frequent digital tablets, similar to blue specks spread and move on the screen. <br /> Almost all main characters in my reign give a great performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Tyler's books are memorable in their respective roles as a Cheadle's frustrated wife and a psychiatrist. However, it Sandler and Cheadle give some of the finest jobs to date. They fully owned this movie. Sandler actually plays a character that does not appear outdoors or acts like himself at all, partially credited to winning Bob Dylan-fascinated. Though Cheadle's characters have more screen than Sandler, both should be considered leading roles, as they also support and help each other in the movie. <br /> <br /> Music also plays a large part of this movie, especially the song titled "Reigning on me," or "Love, Rejoice O'Er me" by Who, and later Covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments in the movie, Binder shows Sandler using music to close his feelings and memories, but this particular song provokes these intense emotions rather than reducing his anger and incites his emotions. them. All one, Rejoice on me is an enjoyable, sad, yet many times funny movie, driven by its amazing leading performance.
