Love to hurt. This, I think, is Mike Binder's main movie message about me carrying across. Whether this love caused your relationship to become stagnant, or angered by the one you loved to copy for years, or broke your heart to the point of being able to open yourself up to the world, love me wrong. The big thing about this movie, however, is not in its portrayal of these losing tries to leave past heartbreaks away, but in the recommendation eventually in new bonds for the future. No one in this drama is perfect; All of these degrees are emotionally trapped in their relationships that they can not free themselves from alone. There are some heavy material materials here and I'm Binder credit that never make the story turn into a political diatrib but rather infusing the serious moments and some nice beautiful comedy bits that allow the story to remain character-based and small in comparison to scale and the epic event that wears head. What could become a trite machine for views on how 9-11 made us all, finishing up being a story about two guys and a connection to share that is the only thing that can save their lives into a life of depression and sorry. br /> <br /> This is a new career performance for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director Paul Thomas Anderson was the first to see infantry, pent-up anger in his stupid comedy as something to dramatically use. The childhood of a character like Billy Madison allows for laughter and humor toilets, but also can be used to show a repressed, shy and shutout person around the world around him ?? a man who does not trust who needs an event of compassion to break him out of his shell. Anderson leaves Sandler doing so only in his love punch-drunk love and Mike Binder took it one step further. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Fineman whose wife and three children were killed in one of the aircraft that took down the World Trade Center on 9-11. That one hour breaks down any life that he has and as a result, he becomes more receptive and began to believe he could not remember anything that happened before that day. He really delivers a moving portrait of a man trying to keep the armor in his head while those around him, those who love him, try and open it up to the reality of what happened with what the future holds. Always on the edge and ready to snap at any time when something is mentioned to induce the memory of his rotten family, he goes to life with his iPod, headphones, and closes everything so they should not be tempted to remember. /> Reverend on me is not about Charlie Fineman though, it is about dentist and family Alan Johnson Johnson. A man who trapped himself in a marriage and dental practice that was both stagnating in monotony, Johnson needed as much help in her life as her old roommate Charlie does. Playing perfectly not always brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson has lost his backbone to try and change his life. She has no friends and when she sees Charlie, by chance, one day, her life evolves into something she has not felt in 15 years. He revels in the chance to go out with an old friend no matter how much he has changed from the death of his family. Cheadle's character wants to return back to college days in hanging out with Sandler's not mind because all that was before he met his wife. The two men find what they want and allow themselves to grow close despite the loneliness years used to lead their lives. Once they start open though, it is inevitable that the subject of the tragedy will crawl up and test the facade they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> Throw in support to perform an amazing job to help keep the onset of driving. Jada Pinkett Smith has never had an actress who impressed me and throughout the film played hard as nicely wife nails, but it's her final scene on the phone and Cheadle who really showed me something different and true. Tyler's book is a bit out of her element as a psychiatrist, but the movie calls it on this make and makes the miscasting, perfect casting. Many small cameras are also effective, even writer / director Mike Binder's role as oldest best friend and Sandler Sandler, (my only monument here is why he feels the need to put his name in the opening credit as a actor when he is everywhere, consider it his movie). Last but not least is the beautiful Safran Baffows. She is a great actress and plays the divorced love-breaking trying to put her life back together beautifully. A role similar to the first rescue, but ends up an integral aspect of what's coming. <br /> <br /> Binder has manufactured one of the best dramatic characters I've seen in a long time. The direction is almost damaged, (the boom between cuts and characters in the future / background really annoy me from the beginning), the superb act, and the true story of itself, never taking easy ways out or packaging head up with a neatly tied bow at the conclusion. Even the music was fantastic and used to improve, does not lead us emotionally, (why after two great uses of the titular titles by Who made Binder feel the need to use inferior Eddie Veddar renewal for the end I do not know, but it was unfortunately stick out for me). Reality on me is a movie about love and how although it can cause the worst painful imagination, it can also save us from regret and allow us once again to see the world as a place of beauty and hope.
