This film screened last night at Austin's Paramount Theater as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were honored with the presence of director Mike Binder and star Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle who took the hearing after the film. It's a remarkable and powerful movie about what it is like to lose yourself and start finding your way back. Their performance is phenomenal and the story manages to be both tragic and funny in a way that is all too rare. (The trailer for the film tries a little too difficult to emphasize the comedy aspects.) This is a breakthrough role for Adam Sandler. While he began to transition into more dramatic role with Punch-Drinking Love and Spanglish, this role is an important step forward for him as a dramatic actor. She deserves an Oscar nomination as she continues to transition to more dramatic roles such as Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey. In this role, he seemed to be trying to find Dustin Hoffman's channel Man Rainy. Although playing an autistic person is certainly very different than traumatic character Sandler, both characters for different reasons are trapped in their own world of childhood and confusion. Don Cheadle's performance is less surprising, but just as good. After Hotel Rwanda and crash, we have come to expect remarkable nuances performance from Cheadle. It has the kind of sincerity and honesty that comes in this role. But it, too, is also broken and difficulty if not in such profound ways as Sandler's character. Cheadle is fighting with difficulties in both her marriage and her professional life as a dentist. Together the characters play by Cheadle and Sandler struggles to heal each other in the way that friends often do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams at Good Will Hunting). They are both looking for this part being lost and trying to find out again. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Reindeer on me is one of the best studio major films to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character of the plot is wonderful. The movie in the streets of New York - a city that has suffered a great tragedy and has also been healing itself - is also quite nice. The roles are supported by Jada Pinkett Smith, Book Tyler, Safran Burrows (in a very odd role), Donald Sutherland, and Mike Binder himself quite well. <br /> <br /> Writer / Director Mike Binder has really released a story that many will be able to connect with on many levels. This is a story of grief, family, healing, male friendship, mental health, and the meaning of love. My rejection does not disappoint. The movie is almost hypnotic as it draws you to the lives of its characters. Hollywood would have a better reputation if he did more character-driven movie movies like Reality on me.
