Everyone is surely familiar with this most popular story ?? a traveler businessman visited the ghost of his dead partner on Christmas Eve and warned that if he continued his uncaring way then he would end up in a row of chains. So he can avoid the fate of his partner he has been visiting by three spirits showing his vision of past Christmases, present and yet coming, so that he hopes to look up the mistake of his way before it's too late. A rather morbid story one might think, but it's Charles Dickens classic, and also one of the most popular and popular stories ever Christmas. For me this is the definitive version of History Timeless History; it's one of my always remember watching in the school, and I remember being absolutely frightened by it! The ghost of Jacob Marley, the final scene with the Christmas present ghost under the bridge, and the ghost of Christmas again-comes-especially I found very scary. How did earth make the movie 'U' certificate? (For non-UK readers 'U' is the lowest classification, meaning family friendly and welcome children, nothing to scare them etc ... This is certainly not the case though, like some kids The smaller will undoubtedly find the final segment positively foolish with the smoker catcher as in future Christmas. <br /> <br /> And that's how it can be, from the many versions of this classic story I have seen fit for film, this is perhaps the most loyal to the book. Most notably is a segment rarely seen in the movie adaptation of the original text - this is the present Christmas ghost showing Scrooge of the kids hidden under clothing It (you would never get away with a scene like that nowadays!) The kids represent unaware and need (although changing to your wish in this movie) .Critical for me however becomes apparent to have her look with more eyes Targeted and trained, the main one in which George C. Scott's Portrait of Scrooge seems simply not cold enough.He laughs too much. Lifetime with the word jolly because of course Ebeneezer is nothing but, but it seems simply an old man's mosque, rather than the positively, cold, and incarnate man that he is in the book and other films. Patrick Stewart has presented him excellent in one of the most recent films, and Michael Caine, despite acting with the Muppets, was positively cold. Further, the development of the character over the course of the movie as he learns more about mistakes in his way, and grows towards redemption is compelling and it appears consistent. It seems they have changed little by the time of the third final lesson. <br /> But ignoring this one (albeit great), it's still a spell and ultimately heart-planet Christmas story, as all Christmas films should be. London of course looks perfect picturesque snowy snow covering the English city that many Americans probably imagine it still is (the truth is that even then that London was gray and grimy ?? and any snow would never have been so white! ) And everyone is so impeccably dressed too, even the poor look rather solid. But of course it's a Christmas movie, so why should not everything look beautiful? Perfect holiday season look; coupled with copy It is a beautiful life, Miracle on 34th Street and the Snowman and you've got everything you need.
