This modern movie noir and its offsets beat humor and dizzying succession of twists traced to deliver a full story of surprises, harmful characters and excellent entertainment from beginning to end. It's impossible not to empathize with the honest, unassuming hero or to be gripped by the ways in which he tried to navigate his way from the terrible predications that he finds himself in, so all you can do is attach your safety belt and enjoy the ride. The story of an ordinary guy who makes a poor decision and then finds that their impact pushes him to an uncontrollable sequence of events from which he is able to extricate himself is the best movie noir. The same is the terms of murder, deceit, corruption and duplicity which is ubiquitous at all. Many of the familiar motifs familiar to their visuals are also present, such as the way in which smoke cigarettes are lit, the rain dip roads at night, the shady interiors and the shadows (created by door louvred) in human face. / / <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a war veteran injured without money or a job, stopped at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming and is mistaken by Wayne Brown's proprietor (JT Walsh) for a man hit He has arranged for employees to kill his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, someone naturally reticent, has nothing to rid the Wayne misappropriately, especially as he could use a job and first to realize what he should expect to do. After saying what his mission was and was giving a $ 5,000 advance, he went to see Suzanne and warned him of Wayne's plan. It does not seem too concerned about the danger it's and offers Michael double brother Wayne to offer, to eliminate her husband. Michael decided to take the money he would receive from both parties and leave the city. His plans failed however, when he accidentally drove into a man standing in the middle of the road and decided to take him to the hospital to receive treatment for his injuries. In the hospital, things get more complicated when it appears that the patient is Suzanne's lover and he has two bullets in his stomach. This leads to local police officers getting involved with the revelation that Wayne is the Sheriff !! From this point on, things get even more complicated and also decidedly more dangerous especially when the real man hits, Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper) to the scene. <br /> "Red Rock West" has some great suspense moments, (an example of this is the scene in which Michael has escaped from the Wayne Way) and also some great performances from his very strong cast. Nicolas Cage's expression is very natural and convincing as it reacts to a variety of situations with anxiety, surprise or uncertainty, and J T Walsh is also particularly good as a mrb character that always hides more than it actually says. Dennis Hopper has many threats as the vicious contract killer (a role he plays with great tastes) and Lara Flynn Boyle seems decently cold and calculating as fatal females. Dwight Yoakam also provides some good support and moments of humor in his role as a nonsense driver. Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally destined to refuse a general general cinema, but it was justifiably displayed from its modest start to eventually be recognized as the big movie that it really is.
