A beautiful old comedy coming up as a cross between Alfred Hitchcock and David Lynch, "Red Rock West" follows the movements of workers wounded veteran oil workers Mr N.Cage as his luck turned out to bad worse after It ends with a tidal fuel tank and barely enough money for a cup of coffee in a city in the back of the city. It has been established right from the start that Mr Cage could go down but it does not come out, and it might break, but it will not be stolen, not even in its present circumstances now.Consequently when it is mistaken by Mr. J.T. Walsh for this man was commissioned to murder his wife, Mr Cage calls on the wife to warn her of her husband's intentions. In her turn, the person of Miss LFBoyle, offered her even more money to murder Mr Walsh. Mr Cage decided to leave too he is still in front, but as he drives out of town and hits a man on the road. As he might drive on, he takes the man to hospital, where he turns out he's fired. Mr Cage is arrested by Deputies called the sheriff who turned out to Mr JTWalsh. Events take a more complicated turn when escaping from jail, Mr.Cage narrowly avoids running over the real hit-man on his way to meeting his commissions. Now you might be forgiven for thinking "already enough "but as it happens on the screen it looks like a completely logical turn of events, the narrative flow of the movie at this point seems unstoppable. Mr D.Hopper is uncomfortable to cast as a killer, such as Mr Cage a USMC veteran. This little piece of serendipity keeps Mr Cage alive enough enough to out-think the killings trials and survive, a little more beat, but they still unbowed. It is a tribute to all those involved that the sound of paper is remarkably like a piece of nonsense is in fact an exceptionally tense tune to make fine pictures and performance all round. The "Red Rock West" is a film movie - lover. Within five minutes you know you will be somewhere you've been before on many occasions, but you will be very happy during the trip.
