What we have here is a modest virtue of nineties trading, while possibly lacking in substance, always giving great entertainment to all of it in time to run and in general do everything you might possibly want a movie of this nature to do. I saw this movie primarily because it was directed by John Dahl - a sad director underrated behind great thrillers like the Saddle Pass, Rounders and Roadkill. I figured that if this movie was up to the standard that I had already seen in the director, it would be well worth the look - and Red Rock West is certainly a movie that Dahl can be proud of. The draw focuses on Michael's overwhelming moral; a man travels throughout America looking for work. It ends up finding it a day when it stumbles on a bar in Rock County - just catching is that the job is to kill a man's wife. He made mistakes for an assassin called Lyle, but instead of doing the job; He plays both sides against each other and eventually plans to get a getaway. However, his attempts to save them unsuccessfully and find himself in a bad situation when Lyle's real rose ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seems to enjoy cold weather on the road; He did it three years earlier and killed me again, and again almost a decade ago from this film and Roadkill. It is not difficult to see why Dahl chooses to sort of places, as it provides a fabulous atmosphere for a love thriller in this one. Dahl also gives his film to a 'noir film' as atmosphere, as the draw mainly focuses on the central character and the word he plunges is full of black and mysterious characters. The act is largely very good, and Nicholas Cage performs an excellent job of leading the lead, and getting A-class support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and, of course, Dennis Hopper; who once again screens the screen with him on the top performance. It must be said that the second half of the movie is not as attractive as the first, but Red West Rock certainly is never boring and the way Dahl Worcester finishes the finale is excellent in that all central characters are found to be part of it. In general, Red Rock West is a movie that you can easily regret watching. It's thrilling at all, and you can not ask for more than that!
