"Red Rock West" was far and away from one of the best suspension suspects in the 90's with a superb script (by John and Rick Dahl) who kept you guessing at all and on the edge of your seat for most of the movie. It was brilliantly directed by John Dahl and featured a wonderful cast including Nicolas Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle and especially J. T. Walsh (in a memorable performance) to make this a hostile and captivating comedy not to be missed. The film has never had a lot of advertisements about release (in fact I first caught up with it on TV) and that's why one of these little gems is wonderful that you have to look but this unique movie is now slowly taking a these cult. > <br /> Nicolas Cage is Michael Williams crushed and out of work when he finds himself in the small town of Red Rock. Error for a contract killer named Lyle from Dallas is he who is shocked to be offering $ 10,000 killing wife at Wayne Brown's owner Bar (J. J. Walsh's excellent). She plays together with the plan and decides she should go and warn wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle), but then the plot conspiracy and there are many twists, turns and surprises - and double traffic - which cages out a crisis in another and finds himself trapped in a terrible situation he can not drag himself out of! Then just complicate matters even more real Lyle got up to carry out the contract kill (playing by everyone's favorite Dennis Hopper's heavy). When Hopper discovers what happened to it after Cage, no one could forsee the surprising events that follow. <br /> <br /> There are some favorite lines from the movie: Nicolas Cage (in Lara Flynn Boyle): "I hate seeing an innocent woman get hurt but it's a very awful of money." <br /> <br /> J. T. Walsh (in cage): "Michael Williams, well, Michael, you'll spend some time with us until you reach that bottom". Boyle (cage): "You're not a killer?". Cage: "That's right, no. But the guy I'm supposed to just go up town so you have to get out of here." Boyle (Cage): "OK How do you go in explaining imitating an assassin killing and taking $ 10,000 from my husband?". An extraordinarily fun little fun (just 98 minutes) with a never-ending scenario that is powerfully made by all principals. Any movie featuring J. T. Walsh is O.K. In my book and "Red Rock West" was one of his best. How sad it was that this exceptional acting career was cut short by a heart attack in 1998. The most prolific period for "Noir movie" was without any doubting quarantine but "Red Rock West" is a good example modern in the genre and flew right to my "Top Ten" list of ever-favorite films. I look forward to more like this from director Jan Dahl. 10/10. Clive Roberts. <br /> <br />
