Ealing Studios, a TV and film production company based in West London, claims to be the world's oldest film studio. Though he was still churning out film and television programs since the 1930s, his golden age was most likely between 1948 and 1955, when he produced a string of comedy comedians, many big Guinei's big guys began. Like well-known titles include 'Whiskey Galore! (1949), The Passport of Pimlico (1949), Heart and Coronets (1949), The Lavender Hill Mob (1951), The Thunderbolt Titfield (1953) and the Ladykillers (1955). 'One of the favorite Ealing Studio's films, released in 1951, and starred Alec Guiness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who engineered a remarkable fabric, an unexpected invention to make him more enemies than friends. <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unappreciated, but has scientific talent in great abundance. Due to its eligibility, its only work can be found as a manager or worker in any of the large factory fabrics, where it secretly undertakes its own experience using the company's own funds and equipment. After being found out and being removed many times, Sidney is convinced that it is only weeks away from an exciting scientific discovery that will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by her daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), owner of Alan Grinstead (Cecil Parker) owner, takes a perfect interest in Sidney's exploitation and agrees to finance any other work. After many attempts to flee and quite an earthly-earth explosion, Sidney eventually revealed his amazing creations: an almost glowing white fabric that never gets dirty and never expelled. <br /> <br /> If Sidney thought his invention would make him a hero, then he was sorely disappointed. All-powerful employers in the textile industry, led by Sir John Kierlaw's fragile (Ernest Thesiger), unite to ensure that the revolutionary invention, which could completely disable their business, never went into full-scale production. Similarly, the humble workers in the labor union heard about Sidney's creation and also explained it to erase it in existence, for fear of work. The inventory, however, is convinced that the ever-lasting fabric will bring much relief and happiness, and refuse to give at the request of others, despite being threatened with violence and offering 250,000 ₤ of compensation. Throughout his problems, his invention is in the media, only one person offers Sidney his full sympathy and support, Birnley's daughter Daphne, who is engaged to marry someone else, but falls in love and Sidney's plains anyway. The Man of The White Costume is a clever and hilarious comedy, made great by a witty script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director of Alexander Mackendrick) with an original and charismatic performance from an inimitable Alec Guinness. There are also a few good alleged slip of capitalism, and how great industry can hold back progress for their own monetary situation, even though we can certainly see the arguments for each side of the debate.
