Often tagged as a comedy, the Man of the White Suit is set out far more than a chuckle here and there. Sidney Stratton is a unique inventor who does not receive the chance to flourish his invention on the world because nobody pays her notice, it's simply the odd odd ball man working on the spot as it was. After having made his way to Birnley's toilet mill, he uses the labs to achieve his goal of inventing a cloth that not only does not wear out, but also never needs to clean! He is the first to proclaim a genius and everyone who ignores him at first suddenly wants a great piece of his, but then shows off bankruptcy in an industry will bust his head and reputation quickly back to something far more scary. <br /> <Yes The movie is very funny, in fact some scenes are hilarious checkpoints, but it's the satirical corner of the movie that lifts it the way the ordinary way to me. The contradictions on the advent of technology are a critical theme here, do we want the invention to save you fortune while shutting down their industry ?, You only have to see what happened to the coal industry in Great Britain to know what I'm about so. The decade of the movie was made is a critical point of note, making of nuclear weapons has become more than just heard, science has advanced into horrible new proportions. You watch this movie and see the rapid rotation of events for the main protagonist Stanley, from the enemy hero to one bad dive, a victim of his own purest humanity pursuit !, It's dark the movie they'd be called the man in Black Suit. <br /> I honestly can not find anything wrong in this movie, the script from Roger MacDougall, John Dighton, and Alex Mackendrick's director would be filmed today and should not be out of these places is the sharpness and thoughts of his thoughts. Sound and environment are tremendous, direction is no problem, and the tone changes adroitly occupied by Mackendrick. Some of the scenes are just wonderful, one particular tugs on the heart's strings and brings one to think of a certain scene of David Lynch's Man Elephant some 29 years later, and yet after such a downturn in the movie event still managing to take a wink as the genius that Alec Guinness gets close to the movie keeping the viewers meditating not only the future of Stanley, but also the rest of us in this rapidly advanced world. <br /> A timeless, thermal masterpiece and as a piece of art, 10/10.
