In my mind the best of the Ealing comedies and one of my favorite films of all time. Worker's Terms v. Management (with much talk of union and rights) maybe the movie's date somewhat now as it is not a topic to discuss all that much, but that does not stop "White Suit" from being a classic stand up show. , about a man trying to create a new revolutionary fabric that ends up putting the textile industry into turmoil, by sounding interesting when writing down but the preserved film is essential to fantasy mixing with reality labeled out as a true Ealing comedy. The fabric repels dust and can never be worn out! The white titanium suit that Alec Guinness puts throughout the second half becomes the central for several iconic and sequential images, such as Guinness being able to use his indestructible fabric to scale an absolute wall! The script itself is full of wit - "Is it all right?" "Yes." "Pity." - and characterization is the first percentage. I'm always surprised by the beautiful direction of the films as well. The comedian later on would adopt a "camera point of the actors and let it roll" mentality but the movie Ealing always tried exciting lighting with angles and innovations. This movie is no exception. <br /> Of course, it's the cast that lifts the material at dizzying height. Alec Guinness provides a fantastically understated performance, with the eye conveying wonder, joy and defeat to defeat every time the story demands. Stratton is a subconscious man in everything except his job. Such an insulating character can quickly become boring or disappointing but Guinness effortlessly makes it possible, so much so that the first steps in the movie generate a real sense of urgency as Stratton tries out from the top of a world that wants to bury everything he ever worked for. Joan Greenwood plays another role in his strong girl role and is an absolute pleasure to watch as usual, such as befuddled Cecil Parker and Slimy Michael Gough; Everyone gets laughed without even trying. It's funny British exaggerated at its finest. <br /> <br /> The "Man of the White Costume" is 81 minutes of glossy glossy, with a great draw, great cast, brilliant understanding and embarrassing the health of cynicism. Absolutely toothache.
