One of the things that make this Ealing comedy is so awkward funny is the smart editing. Vaccines that would be considered absolutely essential in most modern comets are deliberately left out. (This is what has been recognized as British exaggeration.) Three Instances: It's a funny comedy fight like this. Alec Guiness has invented a new cloth that will ruin the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invited her to their office to try to get her to sign a contract to cancel her control over the canvas so that production could suppress. When it comes to this, Guiness stands up and turns around to walk through the door. Two men blocked his way. "Excuse me," he said quietly, taking a step forward. The two men move between Guiness and the camera. Cut. A secretary is sitting outside of his office. There is silence until the season starts its signal frantically. He took his cottage and opened the door to the interior office where a full-fledged Donnybrook has in progress and the room is half crushed. Guiness shooter out the door open. <br /> <br /> This example might be a bad thing today. During the research phase of his invention Guiness sets up an elaborate chemistry but instead of converting the experimental fluid into the new cloth, the device exploded. Again and again he explodes. The laboratory is clarified in all other work. Warning continues. Ceiling collapses. The windows are blown out. The director of research is sitting in his office in a small cluttered office with debris, a bandage on his head. When the door behind him opens he jumps into the air. "Sit down," he told his visitor, "there is another one due at any moment." It is excruciatingly fun - and there is not one shot of any explosions. This could be unimaginable now without a fireball, and maybe a building falls in slow motion. <br /> <br /> Last example, including a series of quick snap cuts, combining precisely. Guiness is being pursued and is the edge of the group in an office building by those who want him to sign the contract. Dealing with two men about their understanding, Guiness back up with a determined expression. He bumps down on a pedestal and a bust on it. Bubble busts back and bumps against the wall. There is a shot that lasts more than a second of the bust to hit the wall. Another short shot of a metal shield hanging above the bust was jarred loose and kneeling. Quick head off Guiness rising in the frame. Cut off the two men staring at the camera while scaring brittle brass and sound thudding to hear on screen. Cut the Guiness flat on his back. No one today would have the cojones NOT show Guiness being crowned by the shield. <br /> I will not go on with that. It's a comedy but a nice one bitter under the hilarity. In resolving a set of issues, Guiness created dozens of others. It is opposed by both management and employment, and of which shows many benefits. And of course the economic implications have to do with more than cloth. "What about cars that run on water and a pinch of something or other of it?" one of the workers asked. "Interest invested," commented another worker, as Thorstein Veblen nods into his grave. What would happen if our problems and energy were solved overnight? If I own shares in Exxon - and I think I did - I would be tremble at the thought. Where would the oil industry if there was more need for oil? For what matter, where is the police force and the FBI if the crime has suddenly disappeared? This is a thoughtful and entertaining movie, superbly directed and edited. The list of performers is peerless. Joanne Greenwood and Voice Husky. Cecil Parker is blithering. Losing the Ernest Thesiger's mummified loss. <br /> A first-rate job all around.
