WHEN in the white suit, like I'm all right JACK, take a tight view of both working with the capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but a unique one (he never got his university degrees due to a ... error ... accident in a college laboratory). He manages to push himself into various industrial labs in the fabric industry. When the movie starts it is in the company Michael Gough, and Gough (at a memorable time) trying to impress his father-in-law (Cecil Parker) by showing his firm-farm firm running. While having lunch and daughter Parker and Parker (Joan Greenwood), Gough gets a message about some issues on budget issues unexpectedly the big budget. It reads the huge expenses (due to Guinness's experience), and choking on his coffee. <br /> <br /> Guinness goes on to work at Parker's farm, and repeats the same tricks he did with Gough - but Parker discovers it too. Greenwood discovered what Guinness is working on, and persuaded Parker to continue their experiences (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistants have apparently figured out how to make an artificial fiber that can constantly change the electronic bonds in its molecular structure so that (for all intention and purpose) the fiber will remain in control for good. Any textile made from it will never wither, get dirty, or expel - it will last forever. Guinness has support from a female store manager but not her masterpiece. He sees Guinness as sold out of the rich. But when he explained what he did, they turned against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever then they will not need new clothes! Soon Parkers' companion tycoons textile (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a wonderful performance, with Howard Marion-Crawford) are even panicked by what can end up their business. They seek to suppress the invention. With only Greenwood in her corner (although Parker sort of sympathy with her), Guinness is trying to find out the news of his discovery to the public. In the end, Guinness is defeated by science as well as greed. But he finished the movie to see the mistake of his calculations, and we guess that one day he can still pull his discovery after all. <br /> It's a brilliant comedy. But is the argument for valid repression? At one point the difficulties in making the textile shown (you have heat strings at a high temperature actually allow the finishes of the material to be united. There is nothing that shows the fabric will stretch if the owner gets fat (or if the owner gets slim) Do you think people only want a set of clothes forever? What happened to fashion changes and new styles? And the cloth is only made in the white color (make Guinness look like a White Knight) We said that color ink would be added earlier in the process .Do not have an effect on the chemical reactions that keep the structure of the fabric? <br /> <br /> Here is a paper science but a movie about the hypocrisies of working with capital of modern industry .. As such it is brilliant.But these questions I mention keep harassing me on the integrity of guinness suppressing Guinness'
