"Deliverance" is an example of death-on what beautiful movies came from the '70s. While your jaws are dropped during a movie "Terminator", are you really sacred? I do not think so, because you have to see which new CGIs have been nervous - no conspiracy. So many everyday situations can be overwhelmed by any reason at all, because there are many people involved in daily life - such as a trip to the market ..... or walking down a dimly-lit street. "Deliverance" is so scary, because the innocent actions can turn very dangerous into a beat heart. Venture of weeds is a frolic of fun? Anyone who has this notion reads the papers, watches everyday, or does not see some of the other movies describing the seriousness of "trespassing" in the territory where foreigners are not welcome. It is almost incredible that the dish in advance on "Deliverance" did not inform almost everyone will see it was not picnic, and "squeal like a pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <I hate the term "hillbillies" because - as some "users" have written - that demi-regions of all people have a lot of content to live as they know how - without interference in modern life. Many are made of "inbred" - which are not peculiar sexuality in the weeds. "Chinatown" should teach us lessons. However, the city-slickers are immensely dumb to enter a society close and give them attitudes. I know many "hillbillies" - they are moral ones, when they leave themselves. "Justice" can be brutal when they feel threatened or outraged, just like the "justice" of city streets. They do not need any part of the city - the city should take its canoe-ing and camps at legal sites. <br /> <br /> "Deliverance" was the last movie I found Jon Voight doing any real act - I hope I'm wrong. He was very paid for "midnight cowboy", because he was unknown, but demonstrated that he could perform this role in the drop of a hat. His act of "salvation" was superb. It gave us a clear ordinary manifestation of people moving mountains, if necessary - but who wants to be thought-in as "ordinary" today? Bottling the dinner at the dinner was brilliant. Wow! for Burt Reynolds !!! One must ask what brought him to these other tackling movies? Her liar, although lean, in this film puts the pace for the endurance necessary to make it out of the desert - not only in the weeds, but the wilderness in everyday life. Ned Beatty was stellar - his underwear could not have "Versace" stitched on, but his shock-shock performance was perfect. As noted, it has become stronger than any of the group at the end of the movie. Ronny Cox played the moral guy in the trap - every man should have his determination to do what is right. Several "users" theories he shot, or losing his balance when he camped in the river - my theory is that it was so disgusting with the whole journey, he commits suicide. No gun was heard during the scene with Voight and Beatty did not get a wound. James Dicey certainly knows how to tackle a thrilling story, and it was great as the sheriff - he said he was so frightened by acting as a result of the drunk wear every day. His character was able to see three rocks were guilty of survival, but also knowing they did not stand a chance against a jury in the local people, no matter how sweet they were treated in "Aintry". He also knows that the meaner of locals might be cruel. Justice? - "Do not get back here again". Not many "users" knew "hillbillies" were used in the movie where ever it was possible - what actors could show them better? "Mountain-male" was actually mountain-male ....... <br /> <br /> Each detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play in. .. Play at? The best "fight-for-life" I've experienced some of the pre-dangerous incidents, and my content stays out of the fray - you guys who feel your malehood movements may have my party. <br /> /> That we were absolutely killed - and continue to do that - irreplaceable areas in this country in deny. To be able to see its scope on any media is enthralling, but it leaves a bitter taste to realize some do not care about it. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it's built-up right in the territories for wild animals, and convinces to believe that people come first to their animals. These people are legitimate habits - we should let them be just that. Anyone asked why coyote and bears and wolves wander around the neighborhoods? They are theirs. <br /> In some ways, we all need to experience the lessons learned from "salvation" - to understand our technological advancement does not lead to supremacy. I thank all those city-slickers who came from the desert to produce this classic classical, so that it can scare the heck out of me when I watch it. You can have thrill at dangers - I'll stick to the TV. 30 out-of-10.
