Deliverance is John Boorman's 1972 movie film on a group of four businessmen Atlanta (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox), who undertakes a boat trip down the Cahulawassee River before the river is dammed. Along the way, a boat (no pun intended) of these unpleasant things to the guys. Despite the nasty things in this picture, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river nicely. Where they really chose well. Indeed, this would always be a very nice movie to watch, the boat trip has gone smoothly. The lush forests and gentle flowers only make the horror more terrible. Not only is the Scenic Scenic, but also beautifully shot thanks to Cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond. He said Burt Reynolds' performance as outdoorsman, Lewis, is the star acting role in this film. I'm ruling however, that Jon Voight steals the show and his role as the suburban family, Ed, who is rapidly forced to change his attitude in order to survive. In fact, the scene at which climbing the cliff was not a stuntman. He was Voight himself. For cutting the film cost was not assured and the actors made their own waterfalls. The soundtrack is particularly noteworthy. Eric Weissberg's and Steve Mendel's performance on guitar and banjo as part of the Danjing Banjos sequence remains one of the most awesome pieces in the band in the history of movies for the sheer intensity of its performance. In a couple of other points in the movie, we are treated more, smoother, banjo music that gives a very nice accompaniment to the trip down the river. For all the good points in this film, I found it a little missing bi. It does not build suspension very well and not really as rude as we have led to believe. The plot itself is a bit poor and it does not really go anywhere. But this movie has good enough points to get my recommendations. I liked it but for fans of gore, not really much of it. None really, in fact. It's not so much a horror movie as an adventure movie that gets a little back. Think about it as Rambo: First without meeting three people in a boat. Watch out for a very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I've done like this movie, the soundtrack, cinematography and acting to earn it a well deserved 7 out of 10.
