When a movie shakes you and it's disturbing, brooding atmosphere, and your tram in the throat and it's stunning sinema, you just know that you have stumbled upon a treat, head of a movie. Although with most modern movies, very enjoyable as some, those who really shock you in their focus are the strongest, and they are the most critical acclaimed and mostly stick with you for a lifetime. I say, proudly, I am a fan of cinema that is disturbing, not just horror movies, but those who send a vibe packed with foreboding. Movies like Breakdown and the Missing, Throwing Down Your Spine, which makes you think "simple criticism, that would happen to me", and visually want to get yourself up and there are some of the most pervasive aspects love me in a movie. Because I'm only 21, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, albeit familiar with them, I did not look to grow and continue as actors, as opposed to actors now like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I must say, after the long hype and testimony of the Passover for the first time, I was so admired by these veteran actors in a movie that made more than 30 years ago, and still lives in fear of competition in modern cinema. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, his self-appointed leader in a group of four friends on a boat trip down a river affair before a dam made, filling all the desert into water. Renyolds' character is an experienced adventurer, sort of no sense, and full of machismo. His witnesses show the hard guy, made me think differently about him as an actor, as I only saw him as a sworn old guy or an angry politician. The director's directorial provides for his character to give him enough malice to be proven as a strong leader and even intimidating. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as the novice adventurers, Drew and Bob respectively, joining in for fun on a boat trip. The actor that I enjoyed watching closely is Jon Voight, once again I saw her only as an older actor, however, unlike Renyolds, I really liked the current Voight (and I do not consider Anaconda when I, say that), for example national cinema treasures. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, has the experience of adventures but is seen as a more reserved character, a reluctant hero / leader and definitely missing Machis Lewis'. The film is fundamentally open and the drive leads to a small town while asking them to get someone to drive their car at the bottom of the river as well as the toll boats and camps on the river. You immediately get a creepy vibe from the hottest characters featuring them, such as the Enemy Kid that plays the infamous "Banjo Dueling" at the beginning of the movie with Ronny Cox's Drew character; and more so the two mountain guys in the movie scenes rape and disturbing disturbing. Like all atmospheric movies, from that moment on, scary and confusing full of characters as well as the audience and it is here we see the characters take shape and shape change. The boat trip that follows is expertly injected and it is from here the guys fight against both people's luck and the survival nature. Cinematics the movie does not leave, and I go back to comment on the stage in which Ed fights one of the mountain guys raping with a composite bow. As Ed falls on one of his arrows and notice his enemy approaching him, his rifle cocks, only shoot the floor as it falls with an arrow around his neck; Was possible the greatest piece of shooting cinemas I saw in a movie. In wrap up, Deliverance is one movie, which in pairs and atmosphere brings the mood across with this date, staying one of the best movies in Cinemas history.
