This is one of the greatest movies ever made. It's a classic ever. The character played by Ned Beatty underwent the greatest one on the transformation screen ever described. It's a fundamentally, almost useless, insurance overweight. He is proud of his ignorance, but the judges "back hicks" must be ignorant. When he compliments the old man on his hat, and the old man replied, "you know nothing," the tone is set. That's true. It really does not "know nothing". "But one ax behind rape later, the man is practically a warrior, his fake voluntary volunteer tone down to settling seriously. The former is forever dead, leaving in some distant woods, soon to be under Hundreds of feet in water, and what's in Lewis, our intrepid guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he's just about black Burt Reynolds has proved himself as an actress back in 1972 in this movie , completely giving himself to this wonderful role.Who would not want to have a friend like Lewis if one was venture into the dangers of a forgotten / soon to be left behind world like one of our hapless travelers find yourself in. This film speaks to us on many levels.The story feels real. It works as a complete / adventure action, with wonderful cinematography, and deliberately, grinding. It works as a bit of a horror movie, and the danger and almost surrealism of the encounter with the vile rednecks that object "plant" Ned Beatty. But it also works as an art film, using incredible numbers of symbols to convey truths that go through our many nuclei. I saw this film at least fifty times, and whenever it happened, I found myself looking to look at it. You have to watch it quite a few times even begin to understand it. This is one deep film. This is one well-acting movie. And this is one hell of a story. I gave it a 10 out of 10, and put it in my 10 ever bigger movie made, along with Schindler's List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver, and Sling Blades, among others. Movies that make you think. Movies that take you beyond thinking. Movies that use a story to make the points, without trying to preach you. If you think you know the deliveries, you might, but again, you might not. It's really good.
