You can make a version of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol" and puppet socks and I'll probably watch it. Ever since I was a kid, this was one of my favorite stories. Maybe it's the idea that there is good at all, and that's why there is no one beyond redemption, which appeals to me, but for whatever reason I never miss an opportunity to watch one of the screen adaptations Many of these timeless classics are when they're on TV as they are inevitably being this time of year. <br /> <br /> What makes this version really stand out is the dull gravities that cast in carrying on their respective roles. Our lines have heard dozens of times in the past take on a whole new intensity, with each character becoming more real and credible in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. George C. Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role. He is his eternal credit rather than sleepwalking in this often-portrayed role in Scrooge, but instead gave him a fresh interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his greatest performances ever. He wisely did not try a British accent, instead of giving his line of most famous voice. His scrooge is not merely an old man (as it is often described), but a man who has a deep fury against the world. As he visits in turn by each of the three Spirits, we understand how this anger took root, grow, and finally choke his soul. As he is forced to revise his life, we see him alternating softening, and then returning again to rehearsal restraint. And in the dramatic dramatic scene when he, kneeling and crying in his own tomb, begs for mercy as he tries to convince the third spirit of his repentance, and wants to change his life, we see a man who was completely broken and lead it literally literally and figuratively. Scott made Scrooge completely credible and painfully human. <br /> <br /> Imprinting as Scott's performance is, the ensemble of supporting actors contributes greatly to this black beauty version. Fred Holywell, Nephew Scrooge, is an excellent example of this. Often described as an affable buffalo, here he is played by Roger Rees and an emotional intensity that is missing from painting earlier. When he imbued Scrooge, "I'm not asking anything at you." I do not want anything from you. Why can not we be friends? "We see in his face not only his frustration, but his pain in self separation -Feeding Scrooge from her only relative relative. It's a moving performance, and one of the most dramatic movie scenes. <br /> <br /> Even more magnificent is the performance given by Frank Finlay's wonderful English actor as Scrooge's late partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley tends to be a bit of a low point in the movie, simply because it's hard to show a compelling death, and the results are usually just plain funny (ooooh, look, it's a scary ghost ....... not!) In this version, it is perhaps the worst stage of the entire movie. Marley's entry, as the locks in Scrooge's flying door open in their own accord, and the sound of chains battling echo throughout the house is beautiful climb. But Marley Finley has no inferior mind. It's a tortured soul, inspiring both horror and mercy. Marley can be a ghost, but his rage and sorry about a life wasted on the pursuit of wealth, and his despair in his realization that his sins are now beyond repair, are still very human. As Finlay shows, we have no problem to believe that even the flinty scintal would be shaken in the appearance of this nightmare. Finlay really stole the scene here, something is not easy to do when you are opposing to George C. Scott. <br /> And it just goes on and on, one remarkable performance after another, making it seem like you 'You have experienced this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (remembering him from the Equalizer?) Not both jovial and ominous as the Holy Christmas Present. When it delivers the famous line, "it may well be in sight in the sky you are more worthless and less fit to live than MILLIONS like this poor child" it is not a jolly Santa Claus substitute, but an angel Rewarding Scrooge is a very necessary verbal whip. Susannah York is a miracle of Cratsit tart, and David Warner brings the wonderful depth of long suffering to Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through the life of the intestinal tract of poverty, a sick child, and an obnoxious boss. His face always shows his cheerful courage, and also, at times, his sadness, in the face of intolerable circumstances. And at the scene in which Scrooge is shown in the Holy Spirit at Christmas but comes the Cratchit family after the death of Tim Tiny, Warner's performance, while hardly a word, moves you in tears.
