After seeing Passover, movies like Pulp Fiction do not seem so extreme. Maybe by today's blood and standard bullets it does not seem so nudity, but if you think this was 1972 and that the movie has a really disaster secret then it makes you think differently. When I was starting to look This movie does not seem really strange until I got to the "Dueling Banjos" scene. At this stage of brutality and corner of this film is really visible. As I watched Drew (Ronny Cox, Robocop) head to head with a seemingly boyish boy he really shows how edgy this movie can get. When you think that the kid has a tiny bang, which he could probably do in hand, compared to the beautiful Gitar Drew, you really figure out just how out of the four men's territories. As the plot goes it is very credible and never stretches past its boundaries. But what really distinguishes this movie, on four business people who get more than negotiations on a boat trip, is that John Boorman (Excalibur) director breaks all the characters away from plain karikat or stereotypes. So, as the movie goes into full horror and suspicions I really care about all four people and what would happen to them. <br /> <br /> The act is universal excellent. With Jon Voight (midnight cowboy, enemy of the State) and Burt Reynolds (Boogie night, striptease) leading to great cast. Jon Voight does probably the most difficult thing in all of this film and performs its transformation from the mighty credible family. Unlike Reynolds whose character is a warrior from the outset, Voight's character transforms over the course of the movie. Ned Beatty (Life) is also good in a very difficult role, coming in getting rape on a hill, while Ronny Cox turns into a credible performance. One thing that really made this powerful movie for me is that the bandits were as dire as any I've ever seen. Bill Mckinney and Herbert Cowboy Coward were excellent and were terrified as the mountains. <br /> <br /> Overall delivery was excellent and I suggest it to anyone, except for people with abdominal pain and children. 10/10. Watch this movie.
