In what is arguably the best outdoor adventure movie of all time, four city guys confront the fury of nature, in a history of survival. The environment is weed Georgia, with its forests, mountains, and rivers. <br /> <br /> Director, John Boorman, has chosen to use local people, by actors, to show high character. These locates embed the movie with a depth of uneven characterization of movie history. No central casting "actors" could ever come near such remarkable people, voices, or actions. I do not remember a movie where the high characters are so realistic and colorful. As much as anything else, it is this bravest realism that makes this film so amazing. Another force is the theme of the movie. Nature, in the wild, can be violent. Appropriate that the environment should be South American. Very few places in the United States, or were, as violent as redneck countries. In a story about Darwinian survival in the fittest, the film conveys the idea that people are part of nature, not separating from it. <br /> <br /> "Deliverance" is a lot of products in its time when, unlike today, Americans have expressed their concerns about a deserted disappearance. Darkness of the movie, bird sounds, frog, cricket, and roar of the river, combined with the absence of civilization, all transmits an environment message. And there is another force in the movie. <br /> At an entertainment level, the tension gradually increases, as the scheme continues. By the same half of the film the tension becomes extreme, and then never allowed up, not until the final credit rolls. Very few films can sustain this level of intensity on such a long span of sketch. Finally, film quality is topnotch. Directions and corrections are impeccable. Cinema is excellent. Dialogue is interesting. And the act is terrific. Burt Reynolds was never better. Ned Beatty is perfectly dropping and doing a fine job. And Jon Voight should have been nominated for an Oscar. If there is a weak link in the movie, it is the music that strikes me as shy. <br /> <br /> Overall, "salvation" almost certainly will appeal to viewers who love outdoor adventure. Even for those who do not, the bravery, acting, and tension characterization is just enough to watch this movie, one of the finest in movies.
