'Deliverance' is a brilliant season condensed in a group of modern-day people who embark on a boat trip in a short time and nature, and instead have to fight for sanity, life, and perhaps even the soul. The movie was aged. Although they are made in the early seventies, it certainly does not look particularly dated. He still owns a haze punch and iconic statues as a dramatic post-philosophy-and-cultural 'dread of the' dusty 'thrust of the car. There are many films that have the same concerns that can be compared favorably to it, although Sam Peckinpah's legendary things should have gotten up. Yes, there was considerable debate and discussion on the most confrontational stage of the film (which I will not expand on here) - and without doubt one of the most confrontational scenes in the entire history of Cinema Media - but what surprises The movie is how well achingly it is at times. This seems to be generally overlooked (yet in retrospect quite understandably). The cinematography captures the essence of the disappearance, fragile river desert is often absolutely stunning, and it counterbalances the movie as, at a time of short madness, our viewers - along with the characters themselves - were plunged into relentless nightmares. The Deliverance of the Passover is deftly lean and sinewy, and it is surprising how quickly events unfold from the point of establishment, in crisis, and consequences. It all takes place very quickly, which convey a sense of very real emergency in the movie. The setting is established effectively in opening credits. Characters are all well traced despite limited time spent on history back. We know just enough about knowing for what kind of people they are, like them and ultimately fear when they go to Hell. The conflict with violence in the film seems to erupt from nowhere, with a fear of logic. This is the theme of James Dickey's theme - that any dominant romanticism on the nature of Mother's knowledge of 'goodness' can only want and die when instinct maybe its suppressed beast come in the fore. There is no evil spirit or bogeyman here. The predatory Hillbillies - like the central film bandits - are just tiny, crowned cousin crowns in our protagonists. They are shocked because their evil is petty and tangible. The film has no peripheral characters. All reflected something about the weaknesses and uncertainties of Urban Sapiens in the last 20th century, and all are very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this movie as the gung-ho and Survivalist Survivalist Survivalist, Lewis, and it is a shame to think that he really could not recapture his brief moment of dramatic glory throughout the rest of it still sputtering up-and-down careers ('Nautical Boogie' excluded, perhaps). Believe me, if you're not a fan of Reynolds, you'll be impressed with his performance here. John Voight is usually able to perform himself, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox both make important contributions. This is simply a great actress quartet. To conclude, I must speculate as if and when James Dickey's 'Deliverance' author of 'The White Sea' will be done. For those who have enjoyed (?) This movie, TTWS is a story that spans the flow of a American Air Force pilot to survive after being descended on the Japanese mainland during WW2. And most of the existentialism is usually weak and the elementary blunder is Dickey's trademark, but it has all the makings of a truly spectacular, poetic cinematic experience. There were suggestions a few years ago that the Coen brothers might produce it, but that eventually came to nothing. Being a Coen-o-Phile friend he disappears me thinking that what they might have had the green light on TTWS, rather than the last couple of relatively unrelated efforts. Returning to 'salvation', it is impossible to imagine a movie of such honesty, unnerving brutality being made at these times, and that is very disappointed. We, the public cinema, are all the poorest for that.
