This story is said and retold and continues to retold in every possible way imagined. Charles Dicken's immortal history has been recreated in every possible way imagined. I admit I have not seen the classic Alistair Sim version and I'm sure one day I'm going but I should blow away if it touches even close to this amazing amazing version. I believe that if Dickens himself has created his story for this movie should read. <br /> <br /> The story is well known, I will not go into great detail because everyone has seen it in one form or another. A wealthy, filthy, mean, old man was visited by the Holy of his ex-partner and warned about his meanings. To be directed out, he was visited by three spirits, each showing him a different perspective in his life and the people he involved in, past, present and future. Finally, he saw all this before him, and realized his mistake in a great way and tried to pay for all the bad things he did. George C. Scott is absolutely, definitely perfect for this role. It takes hold of the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes it its own and creates an incredible character. It is not just a man to say old, but someone who has achieved no certain situation in his life that made him bitter and upset in the world. There is compassion in her but she keeps her under all else and she is very self involved. Scott delivers the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> It's not just the leading role to do this movie, but everything else fits in place. This is a grand era of Victorian England, Dickens Metro is recreating in front of our eyes, sights and sounds, and you can almost feel the breeze in your face and smells of the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could watch this movie on dumb and be dazzled by the scenery. It's not a spectacular landscape but it's real. The film takes us out of the high market volumes markets through the many potties of poverty and everything in between. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast fits into their roles and brings their literary counterparts to their lives. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his entire family including and especially young Tim who played by Anthony Walters were wonderful. Each zombie has its own distinct personality and adds to the dark mood in this story. A Christmas Carol is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period of England life and it is one of some Christmas stories that are really black, almost scary, and it has to be scared in order to scare a man who was a sailor for many years in turn around. It is dark in the story captured in this movie and it is downright scary and yet the end of your mind lifts and captures the Christmas miracle. The note in this movie is also something to be mentioned as it is epic and grand and beautiful to listen to whether it's in the current note or the Christmas music, everything fits together. Apparently Christmas cinema is my favorite because I insist everybody to see this Christmas Carol above everyone else. 10/10
