There is a Dan scene in real life where the family is competing to see that sex can finish the first crossword puzzle. The answer to one of the clues is Murphy's Law: Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong. This is exactly the case for Dan Burns (Steve Carell, the Office) a columnist for the local newspaper. Dan is an expert in providing daily life guidance, but he realizes that things are not so perfect photos of his own. Dan in Real Life is amazing to capture these irony in everyday life and has success in global comedy, tragedy, and beauty of them all. Besides that this movie is very damn hilarious. <br /> The death of Dan's wife's strength increased his three daughters on his own ... every daughter in their own essential steps in life: the first one worried to try out his driver's license, a the middle middle well in its young angst phase, and one of the youngest drifting away from infants. Things take a turn on Dan when he goes to Rhode Island for a family meeting and breaks on an intriguing woman in a bookstore. Her name is Marie (Juliette Binoche, Chocolat) and she is looking for a book to help her avoid awkward situations ... which is precisely what's in store when found in the Family Burns family. <br /> If you've seen Steve Carell in the office or Little Miss Sunshine, you'd know that it's incomparable and distinguished comedy with a very dynamic actor as well. Steve Carell is afraid to capture all the emotions that come with family life: frustration and sincere compassion. The family as well as the home itself gives a warm environment for the film that contrasts the interior turmoil that builds all over the movie and finally bursts out from a more beautiful thrill point. The film only falls short of some of the predictable results, yet at the same time life is made up of both irony and predictability: which is an irony in itself. <br /> In real life is definitely worth seeing, for the sole pleasure of watching all of the funny subtleties we often miss in everyday life, and I will most likely enjoy it a second, or even a third. Just "put it on my table."
