As the celebration of Christmas has evolved over the years, if one focuses on religious or secular traditions, it is a time when people are supposed to behave a little better with one another. That was somehow slipped past one Ebenezer Scrooge, merchant and lender lender in London 19th-Century. As his nephew points out to his uncle, he does not keep Christmas in any way because Scrooge feels all the stuff is humbug. Humanity in Scrooge has long been driving, it is a tough case, a whole lot like its 20th century counterpart, Mr. Potter in Bedford Falls, New York. But as Charles Dickens told this story, redemption was too late for any of us with a solitary ghost and three spirits visiting Scrooge and showing it how. <br /> A Christmas Carol is such a classic timeless holiday that we sometimes forget that it is as much a social sound in 19th-century Britain as Oliver Twist was. The characters in this movie are middle and lower grade. The cratchits are a couple of rocks higher than the street people in Oliver Twist, but they struggle to stay up there. Always love and happiness spread home, no thanks to the guy Bob Cratchit is working for. <br /> Like George Bailey who did so much good in his life and just had to be reminded of how Ebenezer Scrooge needed a wake called as the potential he still has to do some good in this old age. <br /> Patrick Stewart's live performance and filmed play-it was pretty much taken on the part of Scrooge. But George C. Scott captures the misery very well in this movie. The menace of him, but with a trace of sadness that makes us root to change. Scott entered into a fine tradition of people like Reginald Owen and Alastair Sim who made great interpretation of Scrooge. In the midst of the supporting roles I particularly enjoyed David Warner as Bob Cratchit and Edward Woodward as a hearty and spirited spirited at Christmas present. <br /> According to IMDb this is one of 32 versions of a Christmas Carol made that they were archived and it is one of the best.
