Marie: You're listening. Dan: No, I'm not listening. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are anything like me, list and one does not go along. You see someone you love, as rare as you can, and you mean something but you do not. Or maybe you say something but it ends up being perhaps the least smart thing you've ever said in your life. Most often then not though, you set out far and admire without having to deal with taking the most out of the way is the only way to get anywhere in life ?? a risk. You can not blame a guy for being a little scared though. Perhaps he had been burning hard before or perhaps he was trying to focus his entire energy on his career. There are reasons, some valuable, few not, and all of them can be interpreted as excuses rather than reasons. You tell yourself you do not need it or it is not the right time for you, but you still want it to pass. Whatever way you break it, it's not easy. Sounds familiar? If you thought yes even just a little, then DAN in real life, the new comedy from director Peter Hedges, is a must-see. It will happen in the inside of you and somehow manage in both breaking and warming your heart all at once. The toes from the title are Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a counselor columnist who admired for his insight into living a swing, complete with morally reliant life. Four years or so before the movie opens on Dan wakes up his day, losing his wife and love in his life. After this tragedy, Dan was left to raise the three daughters alone. Between this and focusing on his career, finding love again was not one of the priorities of the Dan. So it became more functional than feelings. Removing in the power of intimacy, Dan does not know what it means to be close to someone and has resigned himself never know that again. That is, until it meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and attacked stores in Connecticut on a quiet morning. Interaction is casual, comfortable and it catches both of them off guard. There is only one problem really. He's already seen someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved, one is Brother Dan, Mitch (Dane Cook). All his family came to Parent's home country for their annual visit and Dan must now pass pining at the weekend and desire for the passage he had with Marie in the morning. It only lasted an hour or so, but it only took long to wake Dan's heart to his coma. <br /> <br /> With many family members dealing with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest at the helm), DAN in real life achieves its grender goals from time to time. While hurricanes of children and parents and aunts and uncle make attempts at times for Dan, and uses it unnecessarily as a means to distract, with the assumption that it would ultimately make for a more complete movie. Luckily, Hedges had Carell to carry the heavy load. It's a pleasure to watch Steve Carell come to his own most and more with all his photos (despite the occasional Evan muscle size). It is charismatic, good and obviously a sharp humor. As Dan, it is also self-deprecating, awkward and scary. Carell is rare comedy that pushes himself to find character in his role rather than counting only on his comedy instincts and establishing character. Perhaps most importantly, it is entirely relatable as Dan. If he flipping down on the bed in the laundry room where he is subjected to sleep as the single single adult in this reunion or vigilant around the kitchen, can remain d still in his anxiety, Dan is every guy who has even been end in itself and felt alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much that he gets the heart of the movie itself at the same time. <br /> I'm surprised to see the movie if I enjoyed it as much as I did, despite its slight lightness (Juliette Binoche? I know you might like to lighten all now and then, but I do not recommend it unless there is chocolate involving), because of where I am in my life. Would anyone find that someone else derives as much meaning and comfort in this movie? I can not say. What can I say, as someone who knows what it means to be solitary, DAN in real life knows what it means to be surprised for life and love and how these moments and people need to be appreciated and cared for . It also knows that anyone who can feel lonely on any given day or month at a time needs to be remembered that surprises still occur.
