The superb facial and shameful 80's explosion, hooray! The opening credits of credit pre-credit a bit give false impression that we're dealing with a serious drama and expectations, but do not be afraid because barely ten minutes later we're up until our course of nonsensical fighting chainsaw, brutal fighting point -, lingual dialogue and free nudity! Kiss and Ingrid are two orphaned brothers and sisters with a very close and even slightly perverted relationship. Can you imagine playful ripping on the towel that covers your naked body's body and then staring at her unshaven genital for several minutes? Well, Kiss make this his sister and, judging by laughing armed, he does not mind at all. Sick, dude! Anyway, as children fled to Russia with their parents, but nasty soldiers brutally killed mom and dad. A friendly smuggler took care of them, however, and even raised and incredibly Bo and Ingrid of smuggling experts. When the current plot rises, 20 years later, they are facing their ultimate quest as the mythical and incredibly valuable White Fire Diamond is haphazard to get into a mine. Very few things in life ever made as little as the plot and narrative structure of "White Fire", but it sure is a lot of fun to watch. Most of the time you have no signs of beating people or for causing (and I bet the actors to understand even less), but whatever! Violence is breathtakingly grotesque and all single drawn twist is fun retarded. The script goes totally bunker beyond repairs when suddenly ?? and I will not reveal why? Kiss needs a replacement for Ingrid and Fred Williamson to enter the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and his black sleeve fingers on local prostitution. The principal opponent of Bo is an Italian chicken with big breasts but a horrible accent, pre-song but catchy theme songs play at least a dozen times throughout the film, there's the compulsive "we're-falling-in-love" mount and loads in other attractions! My God is a brilliant experience. The original French title translates itself as "survival life", which is uniquely inappropriate because it does just as much sense as the rest of the movie: Nobody!
