What can you say about the white fire movie. Amazing? Fantastic? Disorder? Hilarious? These words are not great enough to describe the event that is white fire. From awe, begins to accompany the deep end, this movie will entertain at all. <br /> <br /> Our movie begins in the woods in a country somewhere in the world. A family hiding in soldiers names in costume shopping uniforms. When the father is separated from the mother and child, you get a real sense of what kind of movie you are watching. Father does make sure you roll down the hills to equip all his white, and it is polite when he gets the attention of the person before he's fired, but alas, Dad is burning alive in what looks like a very unsupervised, cascade dangerous. Meanwhile, mothers and children are riding down a beach and an armed soldier is about 5 feet away. It also gives a stern warning before action in the form of a "HALT" rare, and then promptly waits the mother. So now we're fast forward over 20 years (30 if you are honest about the hero's hero) in beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingred have been established as professional thieves, or diamond prospectors, or something. Ingred works in a diamond mine where he helped himself in the wells, while Bo (mastery played by Robert Ginty's dynamics) drives around the desert in his denim team. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have any friends other than each other, and they spend all their time together. This is coupled with the fact that Bo has expressed her desire to sleep with her sister as evidence in line as "you know a shame you are my sister" she says to her while she's naked naked, making for a very dynamic duo . Kissing then breaks when Ingrid dies, as he wanders the beaches in Turkey with his gritty pink ceremony. A renewal of hope occurs when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid, and gives her plastic surgery to look exactly like Ingrid. This opens the door to kissing her sister and her sister without being technically wrong. Kiss is a real fan of gray grocery area, and it is fun with his new love. So, anyway, there are a lot of fun action scenes, ridiculous violence, great acting, impossible tracking tracing line, Fred's "hammer" Williamson (for some reason), and a large piece of dirty mirror that is supposed to be a diamond giant (which later exploded). All of this is great, but the Bo and Ingrid relationships are what makes this movie special .... really special. So I urge everyone to see the majesty who is white fire. You can be glad you did ... or not.
