The government has been fighting to establish recognition of his loyalty and a promised pledge and much needed. Ripstein's lyrics are a sweet song for those who, like the Colonel, suffer from abuse in a cynical and hardening society that boosts themselves by denying citizens it means to live with dignity and purpose. Unlike the absurdity of WAITING for GODOT, the Colonel waits for the arrival of his pension to give hope and meaning to his miserable otherwise life. Two things to drive in Colonel's films are masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; Hopefully his military pension will come one day with the knowledge that his son, Agustin, died for a noble cause, a reason not any other than a drunken sentence in a rugged cockfight. Can achieve the former, and forced to prove to the world the latter, the Colonel does the only thing he can do, putting on training to blow his son's cock. The cock is now warrior who can bring the fortune and justice to the Colonel and his astrological wife, but his battle ring is that of the killer of his former master, Agustin. In a uncle scene of confrontation between the Colonel and Nogales, his son's assassin, the Colonel was offered by Nogales, a paid government agent, enough money equal to colonel's retirement. But this is money without; Stop the money to hide the fact that people in power are turning their back on one who fought for their political ideals, and hiding in the world of the colonial warriors killed because he wrote for a papers under land that favors the rights of labor union with the common person. With maximum dignity, the Colonel rejects the offer Nogales, chooses his fight to fight him and walks away as nobly as his old leg can carry him. Once she's home, Dona Lola, her wife scolded her, wants to know why the Colonel refuses the money when both of them are starving. In response to his continued question, "What we will eat until November (when combined with season begins)," the Colonel replied, "Shit." Excrement is that the poor and disenfranchised have eaten all of their lives, and excrement is a meal that the Colonel wants to choose food and dignity, knowing that he can never sell his soul to those who press him. The Colonel waits as the sole person of honor and soldier in a world without principle.
