Did you drive out of the house and in the theater by the sweltering heat, I could not have been more happy. The Road of Destruction, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is destined to become one of the greatest movies of all time. Maybe I'm just old; Maybe I've just seen the same terms recycle time and again. But this movie is really different. The story opens with young Michael Sullivan Jr. faced from the sea, contemplating duality of his father's heritage - one of the best men ever to live, one of the most evil. Duality this snake way through the movie. The story revolves around the crony boss Jan Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young Rooney once took in with who now serves as his personal "Angel of Death." Rooney is bound by blood to his own son, but tied to love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael Jr, intrigued by the stories he read, steals away from his father's car one night while dad goes to "work" with Connor Rooney, heiress of the family "business". Connor allowed the situation to get out of hand, and this meant only to be a warning warning to murder - witnessed by Michael Jr. When the discovery that young Michael saw what he should not see, the plot put in motion as loyalty to conflict collided. Soon, Michael Sr. is on the run with his son, chased by the Harlen Killer deal "Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). I will disclose no more details in order to avoid any potential releases. However, I strongly urge the spectators to examine the many dualities that feature themselves in the film: The problem between son and dad (Michael Sr. & Jr., Jan Rooney & son Connor), between the world of the home and the world of " work "between good and evil, between those who pretend to be the gods and those who really are, between" own "money and" room ", between the city of Pervission and Destruction as hell. And along the way, the bright visual tune of Cinematographer Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 oscars for best movies): rain pour off fedoras, shots in mirrors (especially on swing door), tommy-gun blinking from the shadows, absent any sound. Not only 75-year-old Hall gives you perhaps the best Cinemas products in her career, but 77-year-old Paul Newman offers one of her best performances at all times. <br /> Yes ... I can be old. But I've seen so much ... and that's cool and invigorating. The Road to Perdition presents a long-lasting love and love in the genre of gangster, film in the 40s, dark-comed-secret movie books in the darkness, the bandits and heroes, in the American movie in general. Go see it!
