I thought you were thinking of the first Sam Mendes movie, many American announcement BEAUTY was a movie and style for spare, wait until you see her very anticipated effort, the hungry hungry unrelentingly 30 hungry road to perdition. Some critics have considered this new movie as a worthy successor for BONDETER, a rash trial made by several reviews taken by Mr. Mendes's extraordinary high-skill technique. If the mechanics of making the film is what makes a great picture, then yes, the road to perdition is a cousin away from the merger in terms of what it achieves in cinematography, editing, making music notes and sounds. What it does not have is a resonance that all great stories and some very rare movies have left with the viewer long after the reading experience or seeing it is over. Like American Beauty, there is a cold, distant feel of this movie, despite some very tense scenes that involve paternal love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> This story of a hit man (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to a surrogate father - figure who is also his boss, an elderly Irish mob leader (Paul Newman), seems to have been abhassing in movies Gangster innumerable in the past years. The father / son of the motif hanging on this picture is so heavily released to his treatment that has little room for spontaneity; The entire enterprise was carefully compelled, and almost all the dialogue was delivered with a great deal of time: this is obviously a gangster movie, hence the requisite amount of violence and bloodshed, but the movie is almost devoid of any humor speak in; Only in scene involving a young boy driving a car getaway into a modified uprising mount that has no sense of lightheartedness in the yeast of the ubiquitous sense of bankruptcy. <br /> <br /> What they said, I have nothing but the highest praise for the stunning look of this movie; Well, it is not an excuse to say that this is one of the most beautiful and beautiful pictures I've ever seen. Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall will likely have another Oscar for his work here. The production and cost trends are just as exemplary; In fact, the whole movie is a technical wonder. Mr. Mendes continues to be surprised by his lively use of color, and even with Mr. Hall again making the very dramatic red bloodstream planted against pale colored hair, all the more effective and discouraging due to the preponderance of blacks, blues and grays that dominate the scheme color film. <br /> If I do not fail to remember the act, it's not because the actors do not pretend themselves ably; All of the film is top notch, and special mention goes to the two sick guys: Daniel Craig is the classic "man that you love to hate", spoiled, impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and a Jude law almost inexplicably as a specially slimy mischief that goes on pursuit of Hanks and his son with very important figures in the fixed second half of the movie. But acting in a movie this dazzling tie to take a back seat of the photographic fireworks on display here. If a Rolls-Royce was a movie, I have no doubt it would seem like Road to Perfection.
