This could not have been better. The strong treatments on Mike Sullivan's expression could not have been described in any other way. Tom Hanks delivers the best performance in his career. Young Tyler Hoechlin leads an emotional wheel; play base character for the story. And Paul Newman's veteran provided one of his best performances in a long time. This film is based on a graphic graphic novel by Max Allan Collins and Richard Piers Rayner. This is a father / son story that basically hires two candidates only incompetent for their role. Mike Sullivan did not have daddy as a kid, so John Rooney took him in. Although someone is generous, Mr. Rooney has involved himself in organized crime. Therefore, the debt of Sullivan was only to pay off in involving himself in the business. Now Sullivan has a wife and two children and she tries to keep her child safe, but at the same time pays back her boss. The events followed, will examine Sullivan's loyalty and embrace the family's fate. <br /> With a great adaptation by David Self, the dialogue comes out rarely, but again very virtuous. The story unfolds in a beautiful 1930's (Brilliant Art Direction by Richard L. Johnson & Nancy Haigh) covered with a dark rain (outer snow) on the ground. Driving the story, is Thomas Newman's wonderful Irish, solved at only when needed. <br /> But the most important component of the film is the beautiful photography of Conrad L. Hall. This is some of the best movies I've seen; and I watch a lot of movies. The scene when Mike and Michael are in the car, entering Chicago is quite impressive. The shot starts in front of the car, revealing Mike (Hanks) in the fast-moving car. He immediately dollys around the side of the car, seeing Michael (Hoechlin) awakening and peeling out his side windows. As she continues, she steals aside and dollys back, completely around the car and reveals a gorgeous Scenic 1930 in Chicago. <br /> With a great throw and crew, the principle man creates a horrible film movie. I'm talking about Sam Mendes, who made his first feature film in 1999 and Indian Beauty. (won a variety of prizes) Before the Indian Beauty, Mendes worked as a play director for the British Theater, but decided that he wanted to move that there was nothing new for him in the theater. With only two films, Sam Mendes has labeled himself in my book as one of the great directors (In a list of twenty-five). The films of a brass genre that has hit it and miss and express the true glossy theme. Photography, acting and story is phenomenal. I am still waiting for Scorcesee's gang in New York, but for now, I am completely confident in saying that this is the "Best Movie of the Year". Consider its competition (Signs, Insomnia, Minority Report) is a strong statement.
