Led by the Duo Yudai Yamaguchi (Baseball Battlefield) and Jun'ichi Yamamoto "Bullet Cars" is apparently a rumor about Yamamoto's movie 1999 and the same name. I doubt I'll ever get a chance to see the original so I'll just stick to comment on this one. First of what is "bullet machine"? A simple of noway pretentious to industrial flatter industry industrial industries is packed with great effect and Gore. It's not something you'll end up writing books on it, but it's fun to dig this type of movie. <br /> <br /> "Bullet car" follows the well-known plot. Boy loves girls but she is too afraid to ask her about a date. Boys finally meet girls. Girls become infected by an alien parasite that turns it into a homicidal cyborg. Boy, in turn also transforms into said things, and goes on a quest to save his love. Is it successful? Who gives a damn, as long as there is carnage and death to me. The plot is simple, relatively cliché but it does its job well enough to film the movie straight ahead in a bloody confrontation between the two leading characters. There is a subplot that focuses on how the parasite infects the girl into life. And yes it is too happy to show more violence. I'm happy. Acting is what you would expect from a Budget Splatter budget. It's not exactly painful for the ears but it's not exactly good either. <br /> <br /> The main film attraction besides the violence and gore (as I have not mentioned enough yet) are the Cyborg designs. Performed by Keith Amemiya who works in creating strange creatures and costumes for both movies and video games is well-known. The necroborgs as they call "bullet car" look stunningly detailed. Without it in CGI Amemiya's drawing is a breathtaking fusion of meat and metal, painfully awesome in appearance. Can transform various parts of the body into fresh weapons such as jumps, rocket launchers, blood-fired rifles and so on and so on. Even though you can easily recognize the cheapness of the movie, the necroborgs are an A-movie class. <br /> <br /> "Bullets Machine" is "Tetsuo Iron Man" mixed up with "aliens" all done in low budget and extra tomato sauce. It's an incredibly fun movie that despises modern special effects and proves that the splatter genre is still alive and kicking.
