This 1984 version of the Dickens' Classic A Christmas Carol, directed by Clive Donner, star George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. At this time around, the challenge for the cinema took the familiar materials and make it looks fresh and new again; and, happily say, with this film Donner not only met the challenge but more power than any one's expectations could have been for him. He tells the story with accuracy and a detailed eye, and extract the performance of his actors who have nothing less than Supreme, especially Scott. One could argue that the definitive painting of Scrooge - one of the best known characters in literary fiction, ever - was created by Alastair Sim in 1951; but I think of her performance here, Scott has now achieved the distinction. There is such a purity and honesty in his Scrooge that it becomes difficult even to consider anyone else in the role once you saw Scott doing it; Simply put, is IS Scrooge. And what a tribute it is like a gifted actor; to be able to take such a well-known figure and make it so uniquely own it is quite miraculous. It's really a joy to see an actor want to make his trade well, to be able to make such a real character, from each word he trit down to the finest expression of his face, and make it all rings so true . It is a study of perfection. The other members of the cast are splendid as well, but then again they must be in order to maintain the integrity of Scott's performance; and they do. Frank Finlay is the Holy Spirit of Jacob Marley; a remarkable turn, but not as memorable, perhaps, as one of Alec Guinness (as Marley) in the movie, `Scrooge. Angela Pleasence is a welcome sight as the spirit of Christmas passed; Edward Woodward, grand and strong, and altogether persuaded as the spirit of Christmas presents; and Michael Carter, angry and ominous as the spirit of Christmas but come. <br /> David Warner hit just the right mark with Bob Cratchit, bringing a sincerity to the role that measures up to the standard of quality by Scott Scrooge, and Susannah York fare as well as Ms. Cratchit. The real gem to be found here, though, is the performance of young Walters Anthony as Tim; It is sincere without ever becoming maudlin, and simply one of the best interpretations - and the most real - ever presented on film. Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, and also the narrator of the film), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). An impeccable presentation, this version of `A Christmas Carol 'sets the standard against which everyone else must measure; no matter how many versions you can see, watching this is like seeing it for the first time ever. And for ever after, every time you think of Scrooge, the idea idea you will be uprooting will be that of George C. Scott. A very entertaining and satisfying experience, this movie requires a place in the annual schedule of the festive holidays in each home. I miss this 10/10.
