Wow ... I mean WOW this has to be one of the best stories I've ever had to be lucky. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a male and his son, go to the train to ban the curse springs and while ignoring the warnings both fall into each spring. The father, Genma, the spring of walnut panda. And 16 year old Ranma, the spring of drowning girls. Now with each splash of cold water to turn into their very titled in the spring they landed in crazy enough again? No, that's just the beginning. As if one of the strongest youths ever existed who came to a girl was not enough, Ranma faced with crazy martial art professors and hundreds of crazy art styles, a high school high school principles, opponents Right and left with a resolved note and Ranma fade it must be stirring up early life on somehow or for "stealing" their loved ones. And talking about loved ones, I lost track of how many times a boy or girl had fallen in love with Ranma. And it was not once he was fiancé, Akane. And this is just the first few chapters / episodes in the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is amazing. I never come across something so crazy, so scary, so ... so ... out of this world and yet it's so down to earth with credible ... I can not even describe it all its. It's just a good story that's so easy to get in. What I like about it is the humor. Not once I laughed so loudly from this manga, and he does not have to try any of the cascades you'd catch in the Simpson or something of the sort. I could read any part of the comic and I would laugh at the beginning of the end. Another thing is the characters. Ranma, you would think that doing it too strong would be a back series, but nooo ... and all the little problem the story launched in him he did his best just to survive half the time and his personality is That of a crazy young man would seem but when worst comes to worst it can be a calculation genius. And to think, in hundreds of perversions in the show, Ranma hated the perverted mind all together considered by everyone in his city, more so by Akane, the worst pervert for ever living. His father Genma, would you think dad's father would blend in the right background? Correct! But every time it has some spotlight ... it just gives you more reason to hate it again in the same love it! Do you think you know the worst father ever from an anime? You have not met Genma. Ryoga, probably one of the greatest rival rival and my favorite characters (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the only people he can actually stand. Most likely the strongest character of the series, but there are two flaws, it's one curse that turns it into a baby pig but its worst fault ... is its lack of sense in the direction! Then we have ... you know, I could spend hours in the computer explaining all the characters, the story, everything positive about it, but that might just be pointless. <br /> Check the series if you're not here, now! You will not regret it! Even if I would advise checking the comic first. I love the anime, but I've got some trouble finding the range at a good price. With a small nitpick, the humor does not seem to translate the anime as well as the manga. I think partly because the comic seems to be more cartoonish to me. But either way, a win win! 10 out of 10!
