Admittedly, I first collected Ranma 1/2 when I was around twelve. I was in the library and searched desperately for a good thing for her. Then I went to the comic / Manga section and spotted this book. At first I had some of the chapters I did not really know what was going on, but I knew that I loved it. I even took it home for a few more it's over. Frankly, I did not find anywhere. Then, about five months (I'm 16 now) ago my friends looked at some animated series and I remembered about this Manga. I could not remember what he called, but recalled that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, creator of Inu Yasha. I googled it, and then made a rash decision to watch all episodes 161. At first I was slightly thrown in by the 1990s graphics, but it did not really matter to the end. There is no animation ever made me laugh so hard and delayed, look again. I once looked 45 episodes one after another in a day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. Eventually, after two days, I grew obsessed. I even dreamed - as crazy as this sounds - on watching Ranma. Never have I found such a series of enjoyable, so funny, and so heartwarming to look. Just today episodes of 161 are not enough to keep me satisfied. Of course the cliffhanger ending was enough to make me go round, but the series alone was enough to make me continue reading. <br /> <br /> Rama 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. INTENSE martial arts. They are so intense, that they went to the ancient training grounds in China and became 'curse'. The grounds were filled with different pools of springs, and if you land in one, you take the shape of everything that has withered when air is doused in cold water. For Genma, that was a PANDA, and for Ranma that was a ... girl! It's a very rousing love love story. On top of that, Genma promises her friend that Ranma will marry one of her daughters to keep Tendo alive. 'One's neck it gets to match its guts and the mutual feelings. It is obvious to begin to love each other, but both stubbornly admit it. But Genma has a history of doing so. She promised Ranma many girls. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth watching. It's humorous, heartwarming and amazing around.
