The first things first, Edison Chen made a fantastic, credible job as a hitherto-born Cambodian, who was born and raised in the warehouses with a gladiatorial ring, where he honed his craft to wild boar in order survive, living on the mantra to kill or be killed. In a role that has little dialogue, or at least a few lines in Cambodian / Thai, its performance is compelling, probably that should be in the Jet Li Danny Dog car, where a man is elevated for the sole purpose of fighting, and on someone else's skirt. <br /> Like Danny the dog, many have talked about doing the fight section by choreographers stylistically, but rather as normal, brutal brutal, where everything goes. This probably brought a sense of realism and gravel when you see the sluggish characters from each other's throat, to defend their own lives while taking it away from others. It is a movie, black and black film both literally and figuratively, and this sets it apart from the usual running of film drilled production. <br /> <br /> Edison playing a gun hire from Cambodia, who became a rescue of Hong Kong, on the run from the cops as his pick went off. Leading chase is the team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who has sustained with Maverick Small Inspector member (Sam Lee), who in the inclusion and acceptance of the team made and the sins of his father, . So start a cat and mouse game in the dark shades and shades of seedier looking in Hong Kong. The story itself works on multiple levels, especially in the character studies of the hit-man, and the cop. On the opposite side of the law, we see in each character not the black and white, but the shades of gray. With the hit man, we see her caretaker when she hooked and developed feelings of love for a girl (Pei Pei), bringing on a sense of maturity, tenderness, and revealing a heart of gold. The cop, and tactical tactics and attitudes, make you wonder how someone would hide when wanting to do anything it took to get the job done. There are many interesting moments in moral questioning, about how anti-hero, jerk strategies are being adopted. You will ask, what makes a person, and what makes a beast, and if we tend to change places depending on circumstances - we have what black inner traces of all of us, transforming from the dog to the dog , and dog man? Dogs bite your flu dogs from the start and never let go until the end, though there are middle-point points in which they seem to drag, especially on its tender moment, and suffering too much from not knowing when to finish . If I should choose a favorite scene, then it should be one of the food market centers - very well controlled and delivered, a suspense corner at the time of your seat. Listen to the music note too, and you will not dream of listening to the dog growls. <br /> <br /> Very recommended, especially if you think you've seen about almost everything from the copious suspense to juvenile.
