Despite being far removed from my expectations, I was well impressed by dogs stinging dogs. I rent it does not know much about it, but I essentially expect it to be a martial film / action movie in the standard Hong Kong action tradition, in which I am a devoted devotee. I have found something entirely different, which is not at all a bad thing. While the movie could be classified as such, and there are definitely some good action and hand combat scenes from the movie, it is definitely not the main focus. Its characters are infinitely more important in the film than its fights, something rather spectacular in many Hong Kong movies. <br /> <br /> I was really quite surprised by the complexity of the characters and characters character of the movie. The lead character, played by Edison Dog (who is really pretty good), gets infinitely more complex at the end of the film than I ever thought it should be after the first thirty minutes. Police characters also challenged my expectations well. In fact, the honest and honesty of the rarely seen dark side of the police force was quite possible my favorite aspect of the film. I do not know that I would say dog ​​bites dog totally abounding typical notion of bad criminal, good cop, but it certainly disturbs them in ways that are not often seen in films (unfortunately). So many films, especially Hong Kong movie action I find, show police in what frankly a very irregular light is idealized. This is one of my favorite favorite genre stuff. I was pleasantly surprised to see that dog bitten dogs actually had some very unique, and really courageous, ideas presented on the police force. There are scenes of negotiations in this film that I never saw before, and doubt I'll ever see again, and I'm sure I'll remember for a while. Also, the criminal characters are shown in an interesting perspective as well, some documentary footage of the Cambodian boy movie no older than ten were made to fight one another with the death and hand, which I had Thinking was one of the most powerful and moving moments. He says a lot about the reasons these guys are, they are just as condemned. Also, the relationship between dog character and the girl she meets in the junk yard reveals much about her character. It was not until this element came into the movie that I really started to see the movie as an emotional experience rather than just one viser. There is something about most on screen screens that are not quite found in me, but for some reason this one really did. The actress does an incredible job with the role that I imagined was not easy to play. Dog bites dog also features some really breathtaking movies, all even though it is unfortunately rather uneven. There were some moments that I found to really hit, particularly in the latest segment of the movie, but there was also a good deal of camera work that was just OK. Another problem I had with the rhythm, which I also felt was uneven. I found a lot of "looking for a boat" scene to be a bit exploited, all though it quickly chose afterwards. Scenes of action are short and not too luxurious, but are really powerful and effective, particularly towards the end. The fight choreography is honest is not all that impressive for the most part, all though its credit is solid and fairly realistic, but the true strength is the emotional content behind the battles. The final scene, while not a martial arts or choreographer fighting, is one of the most powerful final battles ever seen, and I've seen quite a few martial arts films. <br /> I suppose the biggest factor to determine whether one will get much out of dog dog stinking is whether or not you can connect with the characters. All of them are certainly some of the most defective characters one is likely to see in a movie of any kind, but there was something very humane about all of them that I could not help, but to be drawn and really feel for them, particularly Dog's girlfriend. I should say that I doubt most people will love the movie as much as I did simply because I imagine that most people will not like or care about their characters in the same way, but I always recommend it very all the same thing. It's really a movie deeply moving and effective if you give it a chance.
