I have to be straight-up - I have not seen a movie as solid as DOG BITE DOG in quite a while. I'm a big fan of the "old-school" late 80s in the mid-90s CATIII era film, and I've heard that the "style" of film is doing a bit of a come-and-film like that , and Herman Yau's GONG TAU (as in this writing I have not yet seen ...), so I was very interested to give some of these more-winning CATIII movie a shot. Does this movie live up to my expectations? Absolutely - but not quite in the fashion that I imagine. <br /> The story follows a young, animalistic, resourceful and normally irresistible Thai hit-man and a slightly wavy story that comes to Hong Kong to complete a "mission". Due to some bad luck, it is quickly identified by a roguish copy (which relieves many of the same types as our hit-man), and is quickly seized and captured. This state of affairs does not last long if, as the un-call killer saves from his captors, he quickly shows the local police that he should not be lightly ill. The hunting is over, and a cat-and-mouse game between the police and the "mad dog" (as the police refer to him) progress. Along the way, Mad Dog is inadvertently befriended by a young-witted young, with a bond between the two when it helps him out of a gangrene situation. The haunting keep getting upped as the only dog's dog goal is to get out of Hong Kong and back to Thailand by any means needed, and the cops keep trying to reel him in alive ... <br /> I could probably write ten paragraphs on this film complex and well layer, but I do not want to give too much. I watch DOG BITE DOG knows nothing about the site, and I think it's kind of movie that definitely best appreciate that way. As the older-style CATIII film comparisons ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of the "good ol 'days," but is never quite as sleazy or disgusting as old-school classics such as the UNTOLD story or RED TO KILL. Where many of the major film 'CATIII' intentions were in "shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a much broader output and well rounded output (though this does not take anything away from those films CATIII that I keep so fond of .. .). This movie is beyond "emotional" than it exploits, and as we learn more about the characters and their origins, the audience begins to bail and identify with both sides. There are really no clear-cut "good" and "bad" guys, as angry dogs show moments of extreme compassion, and the cops evidence of highly ortodoque methods for trying to kill the killer. There is also no stripping / sex in this movie, which is a typical feature of the older CATIII films. Personally, I would compare DOG BITE DOG more to the SYMPATHY Park for MR. VENGEANCE or perhaps the BANGKOK Pang fee is dangerous, as both of these films combine extreme emotional obston with strong and enflinching and violence actions. Again - there are pretty much anything that I did not like about this movie. The act is dead-over, the cinematography is sharp and well-done, and the movie all skillfully combines several different elements successfully in a way that can not be seen very often. Is this movie (and others like it ...) "Rebirth" in the movie CATIII - not exactly - but it is a very solid movie that's absolutely worthwhile ... 9/10
