Those familiar with Asian movies, as a whole, are aware that Japan is renowned, or notorious, for its movie-violent film and Korea is now garnering a reputation for brutal film films. Dogs bathe dogs, while not necessarily getting as hyper-violent as the Miike ant film, nor is it as unapologetically brutal as some Koreas more ambitious efforts, it is a perfect in between and its own brand of brutality it's all clean. The greatest feature of this film has to be even though the greatest of Japanese or Korean efforts is that the brutality, rather than scam from the movie, actually develops the characters, if not, pushes the story forward. The two main characters are both extremely greedy people and their own motivation and emotional support for being like that. Sam Lee's character, for example, is on the corner from the very beginning and slowly and surely, among the various encounters with Chang's character, it reveals why it is. Without spoiling this part of the story too much, it involves the morally ambiguous nature of his father. Character Chang, on the other hand, has the most prestigious instinct inhibition, if not perfection, brutal effectiveness. Surprisingly, Chang's story arch, while not necessarily revealing a side of people, actually reveals a side of our animal nature that many forget about which is the natural ability to recognize a broken animal (and no I do not speak about Sam Lee, rather Pei Peer's garbage garbage character). Finally, for the first 80 minutes or so, it's a, more or less, straight forward cat with mouse, or Chen Dog Chase, the movie that every encounter ends at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square off, some people will die) and part of the film fun is you never know who will commit the act. Which brings us into one movie's weakness. Unforunatley digs into it should be another shingle but, simply put it, it is guilty of pushing one of the main points in the film since, rather then leaving the point to be as 80 minutes of film In, the movie goes on for another 20 minutes or so more to emphasize it. Do not get me wrong, if the best transition from the 80 minute mark to the best point and if the final act was not full of sweet music (in fact, if it, like most of the movie, keeps the music at minimum purity small and left sounds disturbing to their work), it can still work and not detract from the movie. As it is though, despite the third act of the most vicious and bloody of the encounters, the road he was busy had made it feel nailed, and almost insulted intelligence viewers since he felt he was going to go far get it across. But it's always a breath of fresh air from Hong Kong movies since even the most of the martial arts films never reach the level of greedy and brutal while keeping the character's arches in control.
