WOW. If you think that a movie can not be fatigued in some way, then you have not seen dogs biting dogs. This film pulls no punches, and it does not shy away from showing very disturbing images at all. Much like Salo, this one shows us the devilization of the human spirit. She is bravest, black, depressing and hopeless, but she is also one of the best films ever to come from Hong Kong. The script is the most the same, but it does not go on thinking it's incredibly clichéd. It basically is about an upsetting detective and obsession of a cat and mouse game, against a professional and emotional hit-man. While the script offers nothing new to the surface, it gives many questions about the dark side of mankind. Is violence really necessary? Are we becoming more or less human when we abuse a 5 year old child without mercy, without remorse? In turn, we are acting no less than rabid dogs when we are blinded by anger, this is a sad truth. It is a topic that the brilliantly explored director, without limiting himself at all. In addition to the cat and mouse chasing, the script also develops two separate story lines for the main characters. One is about love, and the other is about redemption. Even if the script is not new, it's always nice to write and keeps you stuck in the seat at all times. <br /> The act is really, really good. Edison Dog as striking the person is incredible; it proves that it is not just any nice figure. It is ruthless, vile and beyond likable. Sam Lee as the officer's cop is also exceptional. Throw in support, in short, is excellent. The music is also worth mentioning. Very Somber notes by Ben Cheung, with some effective light heart interactions played in dark black moment in the movie. Cinematography by Yuen Man is also really good. <br /> In general, this film CATIII is highly recommended. Extremely rhythmic, incredibly acting, wonderful notes and just really good at the end of it all. However, just as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you are strong violence, you should stay away from this one. If you do not like to see the negativity of films then this is not for you too. In the end, a smoker of powerhouse, 8/10.
