It is remarkable and quite praised as writers and directors continue to make great movies from one of the oldest and most (on) used story lines in movies! "Dog bites dog" is basically not much more than just the simple story of a lone brass obsessively pursuing a brilliant criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguished her film of the rest was not very violent & relentless. This is definitely one of the most grittiest and most compromise cinemas ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come upright from hell! Not even the trilogy of the Chan-Wook Park trilogy of revenge (with the exception of "Oldboy", perhaps) or any other Cat-III movie scam ever released were as sadistic and brutal as some of the events shown in "dog bite dog ". Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian bloodthirsty landowner in the crowded streets of Hong Kong to eliminate the wife of an eminent judge in a restaurant. When police came to the place, young Wai officer saw how Pang rushed out of the crime scene and followed him. The first confrontation between the two dogs rabid results in a huge bath, as Pang pity kills several hostages and even longtime Wai's friends and colleagues. From then, start a thrilling and action-packed cat with mouse game between the frustrated cop and the professional killer. The latter also saved a young girl from the sexual abuse behavior of his father and stayed with her in his leak at the local dump. What makes this routine / comedy action so fascinating (apart from the explicit violence) are the main characters' characters! Pang, the hit-man, is a Cambodian orphan and has been trained to fight and kill for money since he was a child. He knows there are no restrictions, no mercy and barely speaking a word. Wai, the cop, became particularly gracious and unorthodox since her father-model father (also a cop) lies in a coma after an incident related to drugs. Lai does not ask suspicions and witnesses; He cried to them and was prepared to kill everything in order to stop his new brand. People with a tummy stomach or tangled nerves are advised to stay away from this movie, because the harm and shock presented in Dog Dog bites can easily lead to nausea. It's not the type of violence where bloody head and cut off branches in the air, but more like the intense and utterly disturbing type of people trying to crush their opponents mentally as well as physically. Where the manure is effectively dark and weird and the very mild music makes the tone already harassed in the movie even more petrifying. Their performance is terrific! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treat each other as enemies on the movie set as well, because the screenshots hate and disgusting feel a little too legitimate. "Dog bites dog" is a powerful and unforgettable film, highly recommended if you can stomach it. If you fear you can not, just wait a few years for the inevitable American rumor that will definitely soften the quote a little.
