Most reviews say that this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. This movie is somewhat different from the rest, and consider it the best or the worst depends on what you expect from a movie, and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Know Hamilton as a photographer, you can be a little surprised. While Bilitis looks like her books in a movement and all these young girls discover themselves and their relationships with each other on the edge of lesbian, and a draw connects these scenes, Laura focuses on some characters that allow developing middle-level relationships (male-female, artist-model) but if we see beautiful pictures, many of them are better than average, their numbers are reduced for the sake of the draw. Tinted cousin is different from both, it's just Hamilton's movie that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving pictures. Because of this it may be acceptable to the biggest audience than Hamilton's fans, looking like an erotic comedy (but not German-core debate - Schulmädchen report would be very disappointed). You will not laugh much, but you can smile (and this is something you do not often get out of Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton movies in the age of female varies. Unlike other main characters is a boy. Unlike its usual work this one is not set out in place and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their destiny and not lead us only from one picture to another, from a nude girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) gets lost with a script in his hand. Girls on beaches, under showers, in low-light rooms, garden, tents, mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothing - this is its territory, it can shoot minutes and hours, and whatever it does will always feel the artist's eyes and hands behind him. But when he introduced our average daily life he stopped being Hamilton and became the average director who just followed the script. Hamilton is best known for his nudes, but they are just part of his work. And in Census Tendres we have a reverse situation: his girl is not in the best shots. Nature, garden, home reminds us of Hamilton's work (often neglected part of it), while girls, even when naked, have nothing special in the way it presents us. Maybe Hamilton was confused to have a boy in front of camera, maybe he thought about a line that censorship would accept, maybe he was really trying to do something new (and no one dared to say it should not) but he neglected what he was especially praised.
