I love David Hamilton's artistic picture of naked women at the border of femininity, sometimes erotic, though never pornographic. Another man liked them because David Hamilton's books were stolen. In a book they saw a few photos of a young boy, obviously naked, intimate with a young woman who is more than naked, also naked. Even though discrete, there was strong sexual assault. The new territory for David Hamilton has been proven either from film Censorship movies or maybe photos taken on series. The art of still photography unfortunately does not automatically translate into cinematography. Fuzzy concentrations come from focusing and discrete angle becoming confusing, perhaps because, in motion, they can not be considered. You either see it or miss it and have no time to observe, understand. The movie is supposed to be a farce, and funny things happen, but it does not "hang together," perhaps because the story is developing slowly and one can just ask what's going on. Eventually, the 14-year-old Julien lay with his cousin, but it's soft core, with no genital contact shown on camera. Since it's a farce, we have a disappointing girl and a nasty keep in gage of acts and, having kept them, Julian's father even gave him a cigarette to complete the experience. In fairness, the film is in French and adheres to Cinemas movie form, which can be just too subtle for most Americans even with English subtitles to help us together Phillistines. He suggested that this film is child pornography and certainly results in today's climate where sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious issue. No one in the right mind wants to endorse or appear to endorse the sexual abuse of children, so there's practically no room for children to see in the even too heavy erotic context without instantly activating the alarms on sexual violence and exploitation. Guys are thinking "Lucky Julien!" as they agree that sex with children in these films is a "bad thing," all while still wanting to be a Julien at that age. Women, too, may have the same thought, but all these considerations should be pushed out by yourself conscious. Hysterical, the worst assumptions have become automatic and artificial of children and sex are rigid avoid. Too bad, since sexual arousal is a real human experience. Learn all, the kids grow up and become sexual beings like Julien do. It is a literal subject, movies included, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton, I think, took a risk of making a movie on the same topic in 1980. It was a bit successful in exploring this sensitive topic, and, unfortunately, we're pretty much looking at the near future for fear of child pornography.
