This was a very fun movie and I really enjoyed it, I do not normally rent movies like these (ie Indie flashlight) however, I was attracted to the movie because it had an incredible cast including Jamie Kennedy those I loved since trilogy of shout. The film director took a risk (and it is a risky risk) to tell the lives of many (and I mean many) different and have the interrelations of various intervals. Taking this risk is a good idea because the end result is a very good movie. <br /> <br /> The movie has a few MAIN CHARACTERS; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - an excellent fortune-related writer with his girlfriend is on rock because of a discussion. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - a plane loader / technician who has a love for all living things (except, perhaps, owner of towel) and despite his good heart has an increased amount of bad luck. Cyr (Brian Cox) - the owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut which is a germaphobe and because of his fear of germinating his / her cook Sung - (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) married Olive - (Christina Kirk) whom he is convinced trying; Stop him having fun, look ridiculous, go crazy, and do not live a normal life. They start having petty and almost insane arguments with Olive seriously start to doubt about Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man whose life will not be very good, as bad things start adding to his life he decided to take it by hand. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of her dreams and that they are destined for each other, even though it is much more uncertain. She tries to woo her every chance she gets and she certainly attempts! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been shot at his job and has doubts about his role as provider, and takes another job that he just does not fit for. Her wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) is comforting in her experience of losing her job until she learns that Johnston did not quite husband's love she thought she was. <br /> At all I definitely suggest this movie! <br /> <br /> -Erica
