The only reason I give this 9 is that other kid's actors who played Torashi's torment did not come up to the job. I suppose they were just the kids who had to be the right age and handy, but they were not well coached, and the scenes were a minor annoyance. I do not tell this judge by US standards because it's full of ambiguity and the qualities of Japanese culture equally readily embraced, and it does not render the content of the black-hat / white-hat-character US movie 's films regularly undergo. For example, there is a momentous comedy moment when the small Tadashi boyfriend in yokai companion finds himself left down and abandoned by the other Yokai, and Shojo - in avenue Kirin announces - doing so much a stress-out Japanese adult would do. Here's a hint: this would not happen in a Disney movie. This photo also has the best product placement for beer you will ever see in a movie. <br /> <br /> Early on, there's a moment where a school teacher takes a couple of bullies on the head and his attendant book. There was a commercial television in Japan a couple years before this movie came out. It was a nimble clay adjustment on a depressed kid and playing guitar and singing the blues in her bedroom. Her mother yelled at her from downstairs closed. Then someone gave him a candy bar and he cheers up and sang a happy melody, but his mother came in and told him to shut up again and gave him a dop slap that left an edge in his forehead . I mentioned this commercial, because it was considered comical, and I have not heard any objection to it while I was there. There is a lot more bloody and physically cruel on the screen of the "Great Yokai War" than one would find in a Disney movie. As a parent, if this was a US film, I would go up in arms on things, although not necessarily the moral lessons drawn to the end of the picture, which, of course, are also not black and white. Since it's a Japanese film, I admit that these cultural norms allow for imagery that would not get past the standards and craft practices in a U.S. production. However, I would probably have a little uncomfortable to take the kids to see it without giving them some sort of brief pre-show and / or post-show debriefing on the violence and other off-color things, or I would wait until they're older to show it to them.
