I either had the pleasure of seeing the movie BUG at the Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a real treat. The directors were there and made a Q & A afterwards. The movie begins with a young man breaking a roach under his feet, a man who is parking nearby his car and sees the boy breaking it and running the kid ask why? why? Did he need to kill this creature? 'in his hurry to give advice to the youth of mistakes in his way, the man neglected to pay his parking meter, which starts in a whole chain of events involving those not all related to him, some funny, some sad, and some ridiculous. This movie has a lot of laughter, so much! and there are many actors that you will recognize. The main actors who stood in the movie for me were: Jamie Kennedy (from her comedy shows Jamie Kennedy Experiment, playing a Fortune cookie writer; John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew's dressing brother on the Drew Carey show) playing the guy loves guys who just can not get it right, Brian Cox (original Hannibal Lecter's of Manhunter) playing the germaphobic owner of a Donut Food and Chinese take out joints There is a line where Cox tells his chef to wash off some pigs who are on the sidewalk by saying "cleaning up death" which is quite funny especially because of the "obsessed with the germ" cox. The funniest moment of the film comes when a young boy imitates his father, He heard early in the day calling "MotherF *****", while in the classroom Another very funny and surreal scene is when Trudie Styler (Ms. Spike himself) and another actor to perform a scene on a cable access shows, from the boy's film to the plastic bubble. The actuator that hosts access cables show is juice Her amazingness is so serious and deadpan and her performance as both the doctor and the boy in the plastic bubble is fun. There are many other fine and humorous actors and actresses in this film and have shot it in less than a month with a budget of just over $ 1 million, directors of Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are screenwriters by trading, have written crazy / beautiful and the next tuxedo starring Jackie Chan) has achieved a movie that is great, funny and endearing.
