Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are duo comics that are famous in history, and so deserve, so I'm happy to see any of the films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is approaching his rejuvenating formula, with the ability to reverse aging, after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the fireplace sweep that came to their job, and very quickly Ollie wants to get away from Stan making mistakes. Ollie goes to the roof to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the fireplace, but Stan in the living room ends pushing him back to the attic. After breaking an extension, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded gun, from the wall, and of course it burns the brush. Stan goes up to have a look, and Ollie, standing on the attic doorway of the roof, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asked if he was hurt, with Ollie only replied and "I have nothing to say." Ollie gets on the roof, and he and Stan end up in a tug squabble and crawl that ends up in Ollie falling down and destroying the fireplace. Ollie, hatch, the chimney hit the head by many bricks down, and Butler's Jessup (Sam Adams) covered in smoke smoke smoke, oh, and Ollie still have nothing to say to Stan. The boys decided to clean up the chaos, and when Stan completed the carpet with the shovel, Ollie asked, "Do not do anything right", and Stan replied "I have nothing to say," getting the shovel bashed on himself. As Ollie holds a bag for Stan pearl in the ashes, they get distracted by a paint on the wall, and the ashes finish the pants Ollie, so Stan gets another shovel bashed on the head. Noodle teacher finished his formula, and made a final test on a duck, and a drop in a water tank, changing it to a duckling. He also shows the boys his success, turning the duckling into an egg, and next to propose to use a human subject, that's his Butler. While it was gone, the boys decided to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie ended up being hit by Stan in the tank tanks with all the formula. In the end, that was once Ollie comes out, a Mark, and when Stan asked him to speak, all Ollie Ape said, "I have nothing to say," and Stan whimpers. Full and beautiful slapstick and all classic comedy you might want from a black and white film, it is an enjoyable movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 on Comedian comedy. Really good!
