This is a weird laurel & hardy comedy and something in a crappy personality: at times it feels like two movies made of different genres composed in one short. Fortunately, every serving is funny at its right, and the boys seemingly easy to clowning to bring the day and synthesizing elements to disparate the movie into a whole entertaining. While I have never heard a fan of Cite DIRTY WORK as his or her favorite Laurel & Hardy comedy, it's however one that everyone looks like. <br /> <br /> Our story is set in the house of the Nude Prophet, who represents one key element in the story-line: an extensive on-the-top parody of Angry Scientology storyline. This marks a rare enterprise in Sci-Fi territories for L & H; Abbott & Costello and the three stooges are tangled with physicians upset more often than Stan & Ollie. In any event, the teacher is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating seriousness that can make people younger, while his stalker, Jessup, expresses skepticism of the viewer and rolls eyes and the occasional dry chip. Meanwhile, Stan & Ollie is sweeping showers that show up at home teachers the very day his perfection of his solution. The "portions" of the movie consists of two slapstick (but first-rate) features that involve the fireplace, the roof, shovel, and a number of unfortunate plagues. If you do not like to watch these guys screw up a job then you probably will not like to work hard, but for fans of the movie team this is a feast. The highlight comes when Ollie plummets into the fireplace, ground in the fireplace, and is then pummeled with bricks that fall on his head with rhythmic rhythm accuracy, one by one. I also like Shot of Ollie rolling on the roof of a greenhouse; The process work so slapdash i suspect it was something of a joke inside, the way W.C. The film films would feature the worst screen in the world of projection. <br /> <br /> The Slapstick is great fun, but it's the mad scientist's motive that makes this movie offbeat, and two players support deserving a tip of the hat bowler: Prolific character actor Lucien Littlefield is terrific as the teacher , delivering its overhead lines and relishes with mockery and spreading host, while Sam Adams is a thread in the less vivid role of Jessup 's chief chef. Just as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were in the prime, it's worth noting that their support support at the Roach Hal Studio gave their films an enormous increase. So also, usually made the background music of Le Roy Shield, but hard work to make a rare occasion from that period that a comedy Roach has no music accompaniment at all after opening their credits. Mood music might improve the procedures, but no problems; This is a very enjoyable comedy anyhow, with a first example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular in the days.
