I found this film the first time when I was looking for some work in the witch Stéphane Rideau was involved, always in an extraordinary fantastic created by the beautiful "Roseaux sauvages" (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres), by André Téchiné. I was looking for similar movies, in the coming of broad line. I then found "Presque Rien", a film where the director Sébastien Lifshitz is happily amazed us, earning a nomination by the Cannes festival in 2000. The story is about two guys, the kind of "boy next door" Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meet during summer vacation. In a far country from where he lives, Mathieu spends on the beach with his sister. There he meets Cédric, a local, with whom he starts this relationship with revealing and revealing, much does not mean in the sensual personality and seducer that Stéphane Rideau gives his character, (in "Les roseaux suvages", 6 years younger, it still presents innocent to the sweet seducer, witch mature here in experience). The example of directing, in the amorous sequence, of intimate and confessed description made about a boy first faces her (still ambiguous) sexuality and dear. The first love, in his terrible ecstasy-despair. The best of the film is the best of France: the fervent passion, rationalization of warm and excited, the brown beauty, the simple and natural acceptance made by families, although not surprise with first anger. Still, there is the beach, luminosity, lightness and simplicity of summer, freshness of breeze, melodic wave, and the expressive eyes of an introverted Elkaim (hesitant, sore, believing, passionate). Sex is not avoided nor exploited, it is treated as it is, with no intention of exhibit. In virtue of pure talent, this is a work of the drama of extraordinary quality, without boldness, showing an inevitably real image of the first two homosexuals as any ordinary person, although with a pair social in rejection and shame. It is well-deserved to be seen, especially by people who worship French movies (although the front cover DVD is very crippled, and the two actors in tens of stars, greasy and brilliant). A movie witch, in my opinion, deserves an 8-9!
