I agree that the film is a little slow in spots having many scenes in everyday life mundain and no dialogue. And I was not impressed right after I looked at her. However, after a few days, I realized that the film stayed with me and she recalled a sadness of mind that saturated in my mind. My appreciation of this film has increased. It certainly deserves a higher regard than those immediately immediately forgettable. <br /> As many people commented, the movie is non-linear and is a hallmark of European film-making as opposed to the linear narrative form that Hollywood favors. I do not really know whether it's true or not. Many also flu is its confusing structure and unclear explanation. For those viewers, I do not think there are so many I can say to change their views. However, for others who have not yet seen the movie, DO NOT expect to challenge and NOT expect the movie to give all the answers, and you might become far more enjoyable than you would otherwise. The film jumps around a bit, but really just 3 story periods. Pay attention to the hair style and you can easily separate from 2 to 3 periods. It is also not as confusing as suggested; just enjoy with it all will be clear to the end. <br /> Yes, many things are left odd or no show, and many situations leave unexplored. But is not life like that? A lot of time you are not sure of the motives of your friends / loved ones unless you confront them and even then you can never 100% sure if they told you the whole truth. This type of cinema makes us interpret the reasons behind these actions. The movie, however, leaves enough suggestions for you to make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is faint of depression, to the point of suicide. Why? I do not know, perhaps his life does not turn out exactly as he expects it; Maybe she's missing her family but she does not forgive her father for abandoning her sick mother in the hours she needs; Maybe after all of his sacrifice for Cedric, replacing and indeed, breaking his life to be with him, he realizes that he is all "coming undone." I think the director meant to show us that he was always a little off, brittle mentality by that scene w / the dead bird. Maybe she has a very sensitive psyche and all of these insists are taking a number on it. But we also show that it is not some psycho animal tortured by his love interaction with the lost cat. Also, there is one conversation between the doctor and Cedric who sheds light on the reasons behind the separation and maybe suicide attempts. The doctor asked him if everything is okay, and Cedric thinks so even if he ever cheated on Mathieu once, but that's nothing, according to Cedric. That's the only reason, we do not know, there are probably others, all mixed together. Is it essential that we know exactly what they are? I do not think so, for this movie. Another sign that they are finally not compatible is the historical breaking scene. Mathieu is interested in studying the ruins, Cedric is not. It is one with the hormone that focuses only on the physical side without an intellectual side that Mathieu obviously needs. Finally, the finish is really rather hopeful and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by turning into events after the tone weakened by the edges toward the end. <br /> I have two complaints for the DVD. One is the sound. It is very soft. I had cranked up the volume of the dialogue and then when it changed to a low or outside crowd, it became too loud. The other is that the subtitles can not be closed; to stay on the screen. Most DVD movies are not released in a great studio to shoddy this way unfortunately.
