Perhaps "Presque Rien" is not the best movie ever to make ... But it's better than most of us said. I still do not see a homosexual movie that is better than this one. <br /> You have Americans accustomed to watch very narrative movies, with a clear beginning, development and outcome. But European movies are less narrow, but make you think so much and feel. Many of us did not understand the essence of the film .. The reason is not to show us a simple "summer love movie", and commercial characters that "fell in love and live happy forever". Summer holidays and beaches are just a background, and this movie is directed to every young boy who can feel unidentified with these boys. <br /> <br /> Maybe some of you did not understand this movie properly, because of its 3 parts, was shown as flashback. The 3 moments are: - Summer in Pornichet, when they are satisfied with love. - After a year and a half living together in Nantes, Mathieu does not go to a psychiatric self. He attempts to take something, and Cedric brings him to hospital. Then she appeared to a psychiatrist to find out why he did so. - The last part is when Mathieu goes back to Pornichet, in winter, alone .. to think about how life has changed, how his life gets to be, and trying to find himself. It is possible that some people could not understand everything well, because all the scenes are mixed among them. But anyway, as I said before ... this is not a funny movie. If anyone wants to see meat, we have Belami movies. <br /> <br /> Presque Rien, which wants to show us, is how bad the life can be, a boy who is not sure about his feelings, is not sure about what to do in life. Mathieu only wants to go away from home, and try to live the kind of life he thought could bring him happiness .. But that was perfect at the start .. later it is not as good as he thought, and he gets Troubled, and felt that he had lost the way to his life. She lost and she does not know what she really wants to do, or what makes her happy. It finally gets depressed and attempts to commit suicide. <br /> So funny? It's not a funny movie. Very hot scene? only a few .. but this is not a movie for entertainment. It's all about feelings ... friendship, love, happiness, unhappiness, pain, depression, loneliness ... I, as many others, feel identified with life and problems in Mathieu, and that's what the director wanted to do. a movie that shows us the cruel reality of a boy's life. <br /> For me, the best homo-themed movie ever.
