'Come Andone' is an earlier work by Sébastien Lifshitz-gifted writers (with the collaboration of Stéphane Bouquet's writer - the team that gave you later 'Wild Side'). As we come to understand the Lifshitz's way of telling each of his stories becomes more treasured. Do not allow its sensitive and sensitive love story to unfold in the same random mode found in the minds of fastened and insecure genes - time now, long time, reflective time, time to imagine, alone - Lifshitz makes himself more personal, involving the viewer and every aspect of their characters' response. It takes a bit of key work in its method, but goes with its technique deeply into the movie. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (beautiful and gifted Jérémie Elkaïm) is visiting the seaside for a holiday, a time to allow his mother (Dominique Reymond) to struggle with his indefinite illness, which cared Annick (the world's multi-media and Annick) (Marie Matheron) and accompanied by her sister, Laetitia (Laetitia Legrix): her father is far away from home for business purposes. The weaving and out of the first moments of the movie are images of Mathieu alone, depressed, riding trains, talking to someone in a little archive. We wonder whether the unfolding action is all memory or contemporary actions. <br /> While sunning at the beach Mathieu notices a pretty young age she starts at her, and we can feel Mathieu's emotions tremble and confusing. The young Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu with his sister's house, continuing the mystery of attraction. Soon Cédric Mathieu approach with a gentle introduction leads to a kiss that starts a loving passionate mania. Mathieu frightened to take over, repudiating Cédric's public approach, but continuing to look out for their concentration. Two young men are completely in their poison for being in love with the deduction of physical aspect in this relationship, so much is needed to understand this story is shared with the audience of some very erotic and sensual scenes. As summer puts on Mathieu, a student is committed, realize that Cédric is a trainer working in a standing condo in a carnival. It becomes apparent that Cédric is the Dionysian partner while Mathieu is one of Apollonia: in a time of architecture ruin Mathieu is excited by the beauty of the story and space while Cédric is only interested in the place as a new cache for lovemaking. /> <br /> Mathieu is a complex person, surviving and her family link is exaggerated by critical illness with a non-present father, a fear of his developing sexuality, and his passion for Cédric. The moments of joy are disturbed by Cédric's admissions of Mathieu's infidelity and inability to cope with this issue and eventually they are gone. Last time, family changes were made, and Mathieu spread of depression including a suicidal attempt. The way Mathieu copes with all of these challenges and finds solace, oddly enough, in one of the Cédric than lovers Pierre (Nils Ohlund) brings the movie into a more complete complicated ambition. The movie feels in identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the movie from the beginning now and knowledge of the complete story is powerful. Lifshitz has given us a film of meditation and passion, conflict and power the passion found in love, with a quiet movie of silence and reveries that are incomparable beautiful. All the cast is superb and the direction is gentle and provocative. Lifshitz is most sure of one of the bright-light films in the film. In French with English subtitles. Very recommended. Grady Harp
