"Come Undone" appears to elicit a lot of opinions among contributors in this forum. Granted, it's a movie that promises to take on gay life, as most viewers expect and somehow, it gets away from this promise of an introspective view of a young man's soul. The movie has a way to stay with us even when it's over. It is a character study of how a young man gets involved in a love affair with a lot different people than him who, in the end, will leave Mathieu confused, hurt and depressed when things do not go according to what he has Expect the relationship should be. If you have not seen the movie, maybe you would like to stop reading. Sebastien Lifshitz, the director of the film, told his story from Mathieu's Point. Most viewers appear to be disoriented by the different times in the movie, but there are no suggestions, as one can see, in retrospect. The story is told in flashback that might add in the way some people will see the movie. This is a story about the end Tuesday the love felt for Cedric and the final break in life together. <br /> <br /> First of all, Cedric, the beautiful young local, pursues Mathieu until he succeeds in persuading him to love him. Mathieu feels attraction for Cedric too. We realize how different both young men are in the Cedric way tell Mathieu's family how he feels the school is not for him. On the other hand, Mathieu, who wants an architect, finds beauty in the abandoned place where Cedric took him. We look like Mathieu, reading in the booklet, Cedric's attention. <br /> <br /> When Mathieu comes from her mother, she wisely tells her about the importance of continuing her career. It also points out what in the future both of them would have together, which proved to be true. Mathieu seems to have learned his lesson, the hard way. He goes to an uncertain life with Cedric and tries to take his own life. We look at him in the hospital talking to a psychiatrist who has treated his wounded soul. The finish would be confusing to most viewers, but there is a moment in the movie when Mathieu goes to work in a bar where we see him washing glasses with staring Pierre, the young man who often gives up. That is why when Mathieu is looking for Pierre in his home, it seems difficult to imagine. But we saw the route Mathieu is obviously interested in Pierre. The last scene at the beach, when Pierre and Mathieu are seen wandering into the sand, there is a sign of hope that things will be best between them as they look at a boy, apparently losing, but then achieving the father is nearby. > <br /> Jeremie Elkaim does Mathieu one of the most complex characters in recent films. This is a young man who is difficult to understand on a simple level. Mathieu suffered a lot, first with the separation of his parents, then with her depressed mother and lost Cedric. Stephan Rideau, who was seen on other French films, is equally good, like Cedric Valley. <br /> While "Come Undone" will divide opinion, the movie deserves a look because of the complexity and care of Sebastien Lifshitz to give the story.
