I did not give this movie a perfect note in order to be honest in comparing great classics such as "Kane's citizens" and "Seven Samurai." However, this movie is so all-around wonderful, it's a real shame he notes wrongly for the General IMDb voter. However, the IMDb voter leaned for the geeky, and "Paulie" did not qualify for that. <br /> <br /> The only crucial act I could suggest is that Hallie Kate Eisenberg did not show the child perfectly perfectly. I'm sorry, but ask a 6-year-old child for Dustin Hoffman as Rainman is asking for the impossible to film. <br /> <br /> Move past minor complaints, the movie has the best of many films: friends-travel, con-games, heroes as friendly party-animals (party-birds?), Disney-like humor for young and old, etc. What does not like? Tony Shaloub puts it as a comfortable pair of jeans. That's normal for him, it looks. ("I'm Russian ... I love long history.) I do not like mango, but it almost makes me want to go out and buy one." Watch the movie and make sense. very suitable appearances in the movie. Roles well suited to what we all know about. I always found Jay Mohr to be a bit slim, and his on-screen role fits as well. Only surprise I found that Jay was also Paulie's voice at the end, even working well, wearing Parrot and anti-Parrot together as a team and creating a magic of its own. If you're trying to get a movie for you and children who are neither insult nor boring for either, "Paulie" is a perfect candidate. I will, however, admit that a happy moment my review of "Paulie." I was on a road trip during a great heat- The car's air conditioner was dead, half of the restaurants were starving (like our hotel was) and I said, "let's look at a movie where there is a working air conditioning itioning. "So, we've done so for 100 minutes we've cooled, amused, and given a heart-warming experience. When I saw it recently on VCR under less emotional circumstances, I realized just how well This movie was made. <br /> It is a movie traveler you will not regret watching.
