What a strange wonder, if sometimes slight and cumbersome, this great-budget fantasy is. Takashi Miike has already proved, by the time he arrived at the Great Yokhai War, that he could soak in other films aside in his assumed niche in the crime / yakuza genre (Visitors Q and Andromedia showed this, ex bigger letter). But here, Miike, in his first credit and only co-screen written no less, proves that he can deliver the goods on a post-modern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, and with it packed into CGI, animal-effect and make-up, and an epic battle that is more like a "festival" than something from Lord of the Rings. Comparisons can be made far and wide, to be sure, and most obvious in jump on Miyazaki would be, for the seemingly unique mix of child-like-great-hero, power-hungry magic looking for the energy of the earth as The main source, cars as the greatest evil, and very bizarrely defined, flamboyantly born animals (or Yokai in the title). But there are also comparisons made in Star Wars, especially in Gungan's Battle of TPM, and all-power-playing between good and evil and similar forces. Or animated like Samurai 7. Or, of course, in Henson's movie. And in all these comparisons, and even in the flaws or over-happen moments, it's Miike all the way with their sensitivity to effect and character. <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, the prototype kid that starts out of gullible and sensitive things in the world, but will become the hero of a world gone into darkness. Darkness is out of an evil sorcerer, who gets his energy from all the rage and miserable vibes of the human world, and who also begins to die demons and other animals, the Yokhai, in a fire that throws them into gigantic robots that have one mission-destroy and kill anything in their path. Tadashi came as pumping up to fight the Sato Magician as Yokai One Sato's Sato mines and cohort, Agi (Kill Bill to Chiaki Kuriyama, another great villainies) robbed boyfriend Tadashi, a Sunekosuri. Soon, things come in a head, in a climax that brings to mind many other fantasy films and stories, but they can only win, up to one point, by Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend Yokai's Great War for the kids, but in the note ahead that it does not have some water fantasy down in American circles. This has galore animals, including an eye umbrella standing, with a walk, talking wall, not mentioning a turtle, a serpent fire, and a woman who has become cursed by Sato. So the variety is high on this end, and one can almost feel like animals and effects-growing in unfathomable heights when the "festival" hits with Yokai's reaching hundreds of miles in size. But there is also a sense of fantasy being strong in both the light and the darkness, and Sunekosuri gets perhaps the greatest emotional tool at Miike's disposal (and not just because it's squared squared); where else to get a hearing that has been eradicated up over a little furry ball in anger, who ends up in a tragic battle with Tadashi in robot form? But in all of this, sense of lawlessness that can be found in the bright spots of Miike's career is here as well, which distinguishes it from its anime, Muppet and Sci-Fi counterparts. There's a scary mood as usual, including a song dedicated to Akuzi beats at a critical moment at the climax, and more than a few flights of fancy animals and battle scenes (I liked, for example, the guy with the big blue head who has to do it smaller, or the worried turtle-Yokai). The biggest danger and access to Miike's biggest special effects and computer wizardry, which it flirts and is overkill on this end. It has everything down, I'm sure, with storyboards, and it creates some memorable impressions and some compositions (one of them is when all said and done, and Tadashi and the 'other' human characters in Tokyo's rubble debris in a top shot), but the CGI is sometimes a little compelling with the robots, and the whole skirts of being flamboyant too, and some visuals, as covered by the Yokai spread the word about the big festival on the map , just seems weak and dirty. I'm almost surprised if Miike might dip into (bad) Spy Kids territory, quite frankly. <br /> But this responsibility apart, the Great Yokai War has given more than one part of excitement, emotional emotions, and innocent melodramas that has come up with lots of children's imagination better. It must be a lot of movies, as well as traditional Japanese traditional, but the screws still turn even to beat its the most funny and veeringly confusing. It's not the cinema at his best, but working in experimentation in a commercial way ends up working his pros. He got a little little message, and lots of cool adventure. 7.5 / 10
