I approach the movie about talking animals with care. For every wonderful thing like Babe, you get an equally poor one like the obnoxious rumor of Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey. Or in the case of Cats & Dogs, you have a great idea for a movie not to live up to its potential. When I heard about Paulie, the quote of a wisecracking parrot did not exactly fill me with confidence. But I found the movie a wonderful surprise. And it manages to sneak its way into your heart without realizing it. <br /> <br /> A Russian janitor, Misha Vilyenkov (Tony Shaloub) gets a job in a research laboratory. One day he heard songs from the basement. But when he investigated, he found a parrot in his cage to sing his little heart out. Misha gets fascinated with the bird, especially when it turns out the parrot can not only sing, it can speak. And it's not a few sentences either. It's a parrot you can actually make conversations with them. Parrot is called Paulie (voice by Jay Mohr), and recognizes a fellow cast of Misha. Asking how this world the wise bird ended in a basement dust, Misha convinced Paulie to tell him his life story. That all started when she was a baby, and Marie's care, a five-year-old girl with a sting. Two of them became birds in a pen (OK, bad punk!). When Marie's parents became concerned about her friends and a bird, they considered her to go away. And they finally did after Marie almost injured herself in a fall after Paulie flew. Desperate to be with him, Paulie begins a long journey across America, including a diverse number of new owners, flying great distances, and even ending up bars. In a cage that is! <br /> <br /> Paulie was one of a number of animal films talking released by DreamWorks in the late 90s. And although he did not give the same reward or box office-success in babe, Paulie succeeded on quite a few levels, and it is an occasional job of striking intelligence. <br /> <br /> Jay Mohr style style of acting is well suited to the party of Paulie. It never plays the part as too much waste, though it's a bit of a smart Aleck. Paully in the world, but it is also naive in his way. Because she lived a rather sheltered life with Marie, when she was taken away, she had to fend for herself for the first time. But when he falls into the hands of different owners, they promise to Paulie assemble him and Marie, which he believes. Only for those who promise to break time and again. <br /> <br /> Paulie is admittedly a bit biting. She followed the eclectic people Paulie finished with, and how she slowly came closer and closer to Marie. It first winds up a pawn shop, where it was adopted by Ivy (Gena Rowlands), a cool woman who teaches her to the meaning of behavior. He sympathizes with Paulie's situation, and leads an RV across America to get Marie. Paulie is an occasionally very filmy movie. Its scene and ivy are some of the best. The beautiful moment of Paulie perched on his shoulder sings Tom Jones number. The way it is instill in the need for hope is great, and some of the dialogue is well written and even thought-provoking: <br /> "There are things in life you take off, because you think you'll do them later. But the real thing ivy taught me is that you have to live as it may be by a later one. "The scene where ivy passes away from leaving Paulie all alone is a very heart-reveling moment. With the sequence where he plucks up the courage to fly for the first time across the Grand Canyon, soaring majestically is such a beautifully composed scene he remains with you for hours after the film. <br /> <br /> Despite occasional sad moments, there are many laughter to be. Paulie fell in with a group of parrots in a Spanish outdoor restaurant. The animatronic effects here are really excellent as four birds make a perfectly dainty chorephone number. And Paulie even got a romance. Which is garbage when it comes down with a little thief (played by Mohr as well). This is the only complaint I have. As soon as you get comfortable with a situation, the movie then moves Paulie on another. The scene where Paulie teaches to jump in ATM car is funny, but a bit disturbing too. I am surprised DreamWorks have been granted the chance to include such a scene in a children's movie. And Paulie's diamond diamond is very Mission impossible. He was kept in the act, and sent them to laboratory for animal testing, where he lived from time to time. The story finally came full circle in the laboratory, where Misha promised to help Paulie. Of course they get Marie. But the final revelation is a scene of shocking intensity, I left numb for several minutes. Paulie can never find the longevity babe there, but I think she's an equally brilliant movie. Even laugh them. Even flawless effects. And even the intelligence is surprising. <br /> <br /> A minor gem.
