A lot of people get hung up on this movie tag as a "movie movie", and that it certainly is, though it is one made for adults. Takashi Miike used genre fantasy, particularly, genre fantasy children, as a springboard in the wild territory that is the Great Yokai War. The setup is simple a boy selected to play the "hero" of this year's annual festival, only to discover its role is more real than it could imagine. What follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, whimsical, and often funny journey into the world of Japanese tradition, but wait there is also an evil evil on the loser who wants to destroy the world. However, the wicked here, not only a demon, it is the devil's evil spirits in the resume to accumulate in the things that people "use" and "throw". Using a room made from luxury liquid resentment / resentment, the villain transforms the colorful vibrant Yokai demons into soulless ten high-heeled robots who cheat for arms and eyes like burning charcoal (those who played video games, Sonic Hedghog might remind a certain Robotnik Dr. to perform similar procedures with the beautiful and cuddly which bombs had then "liberated"). The hero of this movie is actually the least interesting character, essentially playing the right man, in a world gone awfully angry. Even though she goes to the typical heroes heroes more often than by coquettish, as do many of the top Yuki, which looks really defensive against the murder robots, some spirits have been umbrellas with eyes, pale walls, or animals There is soul soul in life is counting weight ... of course in this magical world of the Yokai Miokou war same weight takes a magical power when one believes in them. In many ways this movie subverts the usual conventions of children's fantasy, as some, if any, of the heroic characters, the victories being a combination of arrivals, almost arbitrary faith, and a desire to party. The Yokai spirits, only rally and besieged at the cache, after the mistake of the end of the world invasion of Earth for a great Yokai festival, and even then only in dance and party. Also the movie ends by and quite ordinary celebration of all well-finished fantasies, but with a final scene, showing our hero older, with an adult job, can now see the Yokai spirits of his youth Those who then the villain, a spirit could never really die. That's finished, and it's Yokai Spirit that is the spit image of the Pokemon Pikachu, warns us not only to leave behind our kids head but the horrors of over consumption. The villain is resentful when people do not have reverence for the world and objects around them (in Japanese tradition almost every object has some kind of spirit), and so when used and abandoned as we are in consumer societies They are not reverent, they become vengeful machines soulless, not unlike what they see in modern video games, suggesting that even if our imagination and myths are never really dead, they can become deformed. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first Miike scripts to contribute, and I believe it shows, as there's a conceptually conceived that sometimes gets swept under the carpet by explaining it for visual playfulness. Though I've focused primarily on the story (since many users here seem to write it off), I mean that visually it's a kaleidescope of CGI, suspended animation, costume, and live puppetry, which works considerably well. There is a dream quality of a lot of the movie, and the Miyazaki comparisons are justified, as is the NeverEnding story and comparing Labrynth, though this movie is utterly more adult than either. Yokai is beaten, brutalized, and turned into the car hatred living, whom I believe even killed a few people, a distorted calf statue that has a man's face and die of the grotesque openings movie, while will be a sexual undercurrent, women and the long neck defeat the face of our boy's hero, or another persistent memory character in touching the thigh of a scandily young clad tone as a boy, seems to delay a bit Too long to taste most west, especially when considering this is a "movie movie". However these are slight enough to maintain adult expectations while minor enough, not traumatizing any bad kids. Grandmothers against fairy tales, before reviewing, did much worse, far more often. <br /> All this and all this is one of the most accessible Miikes and engaging novices again, with enough visual drama and great performance (the Yokai demons have a humanist and an absurd humor for them, laughing loudly at time) to appeal to audiences of all ages, and a fixed undercurrent designers strong enough to draw into an adult hearing that has presumably brought their children or others from a sense of nostalgia for long lost the fantasy films of the youth. The latter film group seems to address most fervently demanding that they do not just continue to passionate consumption around the world around them, but show reverence and the demons of them that seemed very much closer to reality in childhood. Another nice, funny, and really original film from a thrilling director who did not come close to his AEX. Instant classic.
