A fantastic show with a classic unrealized; League of Gentlemen remains as one of the greatest modern comedies in recent times. <br /> With a dark and bold style of tired humor on the tired, formulas approach to it inferior, yet unfortunately far more recognized successor, Little Britain, League of Gentlemen was truly something special during a quiet quiet era in the British comedy. <br /> Up to it came to the scene, has never really been something like League of Gentlemen before. On the surface, a show is very simplistic, the show will soon unfold as a universe, otherwise incredible hilarious universe populated with all kinds of brilliant comedy creations. What really sets the show apart from his rivals, his approach tells us his story. Rather than serving our re-tear designs, barely distinguished from the next, here we see each person or group of characters go through their various trips and story lines. No visit to them is the same, and each time they offer us up with a surprise. <br /> <br /> Gradually, on three series' and a special special, the fictional city of Royston Vasey is awakened with a grotesque yet hilarious population. And that's probably the main reason why the show is such a joy to watch (and also the reason why the show would be easy to merit more series') Unlike current actual shows like the Catherine Tate Show or the Most Important Little Britain, the League also to know when a character runs its course, and have the opportunity to deal with it. Several favorite fans, who could easily have kept on amusing, bent down before the series reached a close, giving space for their fellow characters to grow more, or allowing for the introduction of the new one Royston Vasey makes the marks. Another thing that shows this is higher than others is that the team writes to approach the script process with care and intelligence. As mentioned before, all four members of the League have a sound mind when it comes to judging the longevity of their creations, and when it's time to call it left in respect of certain characters. This conscience also meant the League of Men subjugated a bold evolution, not seen in a show of this nature. The driving narrative, and far darker third series is a brave step away from the two more drawn drawings of the first series and this bold move by the League really paid off. And the third series, less of an emergency to please a hearing, and like the Christmas Christmas, are pursuing individual stories and a clear narrative, unlike the more-drawn-based draw based on 'which (succesfully) along various designs in a long series series series. The third series is both a refreshing change of style in style, as well as a real treat for fans who have already seen the first two. Despite some polarized views on the third series, any real fan of the League will appreciate that the third set was offered, as well as really enjoying the more character-based episodes, which only searched deeply into the favorite, but scary fans up, and inter-character, which would not be able to cross paths already .. It might take a little trying to get into the change in style, but it's definitely worth it, and in my opinion, the third set is best and also gives a firm conclusion to the series. <br /> <br /> The show is not without it's disadvantageous, and many periodically certain characters and set pieces appear somewhat out of place, but for the most part, writing genius, black nature of the show and The host of brilliant characters (which are often too close to real life) make for a real treat and prove what the comedians should be over and putting lots of the most recent sentences, hit tractors and often try to despair in comedy shame
