I can not believe it was ten years since this show first revealed on TV and watching spectators with its unique mix of comedy and horror. This is the show featuring a good part of modern British humor: Terrible Terrible's House of Horrors; Garth Marenghi and Darkplace; Boosh is almighty; Bri bri. Many people imitated this show style, and I did not refuse some of its kind. But Jermy Dyson deserved to be remembered to start the trend, with actors Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton, and Reece Shearsmith. <br /> Together they created Royston Vasey, a small city disaster in idyllic England, where unsuspecting tourists and passers-by come across an obsessive couple who want to keep the local and free city of strangers; where workers are abusing and insulting at the work center; where a farmer uses real people like Scarecrow; where a vet kills all the animals it tries to cure; where a gypsy circus kidnapped; and where the butcher adds something secret, but the irresistible food to the hook. <br /> <br /> This is just a whisper in what the viewer can find in the League of Gentlemen. By themselves, the three actors give birth to dozens of dozens of unique characters. Making and the protesters so good I actually thought I watched many actors on the show than there was. But it's also great to act: ways to change the voices and body movements, really become others. <br /> <br /> Most of the jokes are starting with something ordinary, out of real life, and then blows up in something insolent, sometimes verbal-wrenching. Sometimes it's most horror without a set up, as in Father Lazarou's character. Just imagine a circling circus owner on make-up barging at home a woman and woman kidnapped to be his wife. No explanation given. It's that crawling. Then there are many references to horror movies: Se7en, the silence of lambs, Nosferatu, the exorcist, etc. <br /> <br /> Fans of horror will love it, fans of comedy will love it. As any traveler coming in to know, there is a sign that says 'Welcome to Royston Vasey: You never leave.' Any given viewer that shows a chance will agree. Once you discover the League of Gentlemen, you will never want anything else, you will never forget it.
