This is probably the best television show I've ever seen. I saw him on Central Comedy several years ago. At that time I was unaware that it was dramatically edited and they were shown out in order, and having just looked at all the three series in command and injector (thank you internet with your nice "series of tubes") i am was pleased to rediscover it! I think that Comedy Central sort of choosing and choosing the paths of one and two series to make a "season" ...... and I tried to find friends and family to watch it, but nobody really seemed to love it (I need new friends). So on my own, I did from the best of it that I could. Even when I felt like it was a bit diminished, I still felt compelled to watch. Years later when I discovered Little Britain, I immediately recognized Pauline from LoG as she influenced Marjorie of Fatboy Fighters. Also, I like the idea of ​​writer acting at all .... (not new but doing impeccably here). LB has nothing about LoG! (No Offense, Matt & David ... Love You)! This is indeed a piece of dark comedy in genius. Murder series, Canibal implicitly ..... you name it and probably get into this wonderful, unique piece of TV art. Where the shots come from the very first stage themselves are chilling and seem to attract you to the city of Royston Vasey ..... You will never leave! I think my favorite character should do Tubbs, but each character as described has its own "charm". My youngest favorite was Father Lazarous, which was until his re-surface in three series (smart and utterly unexpected)! It is best to watch several episodes in a row as it drives the continuity and as I said before, so compelling (while repulsing) that you really can not stop watching. This is not for people with weak stomach, children, conservatives or grandma (unless you've got one granny saucy)! I've always loved British TV, comet particularly, from Monty Python Benny Hill, Red Nose for Keep Up Appearance, Absolutely Fabulous and British British Coupling with the Office (but not the US counterparts .... sorry). This is unlike any of these in that it completely redraws the line between what's funny and what's just sick and twisted. Nothing, PA on US TV has never come close to this level of entertainment. US television broadcasts are so sad and lame, I can barely stop watching any of it. It's kind of sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to show the uncompressed version of this gem (loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately there is such a show from "across the pond" that delivers the whole medium every decade or so. Basic Cables here in the U.S. made little steps in the last few years of "cross-line" confidence that have more graphic sexual content, drug use and adult language, but still years away just decided to be Adult on real-life shows, Adult behavior (instead of just manifesting mania and blowing things, sheesh, it's like the same basic show format for the past 35 years)! Not even finding I started on US sitcom! Waste time and much money wasted ... did you know that "According to Jim" on the air for 10 years ??? 10 years old? Anyway ... Watch this show, get it on DVD, do what you owe and then make your friends look it as well! You have never seen anything like it. There are three special that I have not looked again .... I saved them in spring on my best friend next time she visits. He will watch them, even if I have his chain up and paint it with excrement! Lines and lines with lines and lines! Note that the three-part series comes from one and two .... The greatest city seems to fall far from focusing on newer characters, the laugh is gone (hell blood flow), the theme is more band and less orchestra And a bit of history takes place outside of Royston Vasey. You must not throw any of that as in the end, the series preserved the quiet first perversity demonstrated in series one and two. I think these four men created something sort of undesirable. Brilliant, confident and absolutely dear. You will want to re-look it again and again. It's amazing that within 5 seconds of screen time they can go in front of the gloomy front-gag blasphemy then end up with a single actor close-up facial expressions. If ever I met any of the writers / performers, I would ask them not to recreate it or try yourself ..... I would just say "Can I help you at all?" (Then they would probably slap me, so I would ask them to sign the brand scratch)! 10 out of 10
