This film is somewhat reminiscent of the German film, the story is NEVERENDING because a magically child is transported to a foreign country in order to be a hero. However, due to advanced superior technology, puppets and cgi have been used to make an amazingly realistic world - one that will blow your socks in due to its realism and scope. <br /> I enjoyed this movie but her boy was a first chore! Unfortunately, for most Westerners, this film is one you could give up on very fast or postpone it since everything in the movie seems so odd. However, give it a chance. Do not think or try to understand everything you see - just allow the story to unfold and you will most likely enjoy the movie. <br /> <br /> In many ways, this is exactly the sort of advice I would give to the adult who looked at Miyazaki's spirituality away because it is very similar to the characteristics of tons of Yokai (Japanese mythical spirit). The great difference between the two is that the great YOKAI live-action war and spirited away is more child-friendly. While I think the GREAT YOKAI WAR was born primarily as a children's film, in the USA, most parents would not want to show this to younger children because it's so violent, scary and characteristic of adult behavior. So who is the audience in the West? Well, older children and adults who appreciate foreign films and non-Western terms and compositions. This is a rather narrow audience, indeed! <br /> <br /> While you are watching, look for all the strange little touches. In fact, you might watch the dozens of films twice and notice the different small things every time. A few of the funny references I liked were commenting on Gamera, the scene that came up with comments in "KIDS: Do not Try This Home" as well as the use of Kirin Beers that allows someone actually to see the Yokai (hmm , ... maybe that scene should also have this warning)! <br /> <br /> By the way, director Takashi Miike is a tough one to gamble down stylistically, other than saying that any of the stories I've seen have seemed "normal". Some of its films are rather lousy and disturbing and I hate them (especially AUDITION AND ICHI KILLER) whereas some of them are magic and among the best films I've ever seen (HAPPINESS OF KATAKURIS). One thing for sure, it's hard to look at one of his films and not have a strong reaction one way or the other.
