Simon Pegg plays a part of Sidney Young, a teenage entertainment writer who started the beginning of a career writing for a basic magazine that specializes in badmouthing absences and superficial of rich and popular. She is doing a career from celebrity celebrities, although she has a desperate desire to be a celebrity herself. The film is based on the very popular career of Toby Young, who also runs a small magazine in Britain called the Modern Review, which offers to criticize the crime of everything beautifully imaginable, until the magazine closed in a hail of Bullet Bullets and his co-editor, and then went on a spectacularly fictional career as a writer for Fairity Fairness, which is pretty much part of his life said in this film. <br /> It's the first thrill to go to work for a major publication (called Sharp's magazine in the movie), and despite its active nerves is positively brilliant in his first day. She meets the chief editor, Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is tough as nail, but who is exactly what kind of editor she needs to be for a goof-off like Young to keep her job in the magazine. It offers little in the form of immediate acceptance of Young, but it also has what can only be described as a liberal tolerance on the Off-to-Wall Young Exposures and inappropriate behaviors. Many of the comedy of the movie ranging from the Young's misunderstanding or indifference to the generally accepted accepted code of public behavior and the peculiar label involved in dealing with the rich and popular. But Sidney's reasons for acting in a strange way and giving out outside offense is because he believes he's wrong the entire celebrity culture and, it seems, he believes in what old-old saying he says? 'If you can not beat' em, join 'em ?? and THEN bat. "<br /> <br /> Complete affairs are two very different women.There is a good girl, regular in the magazine named Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst) who is the first to be surprised by Sidney's obvious aversion and way fading, and a stunning pattern called Sophie (Megan Fox), representing the celebrity culture. Seldom say, Sidney's endless assault of starfish and starred is a superficial hell for Sophie, the one and the look of a star. Sophie is stunningly beautiful, it's true, but also comes across as there is not a single climbing climbing around her head Alison is a regular girl, not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her a person real. A relationship with it would have all the reality of a wedding Britney Spears, and yet the movie retains some levels of credibility because, despite how obvious this is, we also feel the pain Sidney's not pursuing it (i felt it, anyway) ow To lose friends and align People have a very interesting site and it is full of honest, unsatisfactory performance, and although it gets in a bit of your standard comedy romanticized by the third act, it has a variety of well-developed and exciting characters. Danny Huston, for example, gives us a great performance as Alison's love interest, who pays the Big Lebowski homage (also begins bridging) with all-time Russian Ris, one of my favorite personal drinks. Buy Absolute and Kahlua here in China cost the equivalent of about $ 350, but my kitchen is never without them. I look forward to the day when Simon Pegg will branch out a little, because I love his movie but I'm completely certain about his series. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but only seriously in relation to the munas surrounding him, and finally returned to his head again, which he was very beautiful was in Shaun the deceased, running, Fat Boy , run, and now how to lose friends. It's a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else she can do.
