I really, really enjoyed watching this movie! At first, seeing his poster I thought it was just another easy romantic comedy ... but it's simply more than that! I personally believe that this idea (that I'm sure a good part of the viewers was just before seeing the movie) it's another important part of the great movie concept itself (or even in its marketing strategy )! What I mean is: Nowadays we are slaves of images! For impressions! I went to the movie to see this film with the wrong impression, the bad expectations, and in the end I felt how superficial I might be! For example, he comes to my mind in the sequel near the end of Sidney to buy the plane ticket to return to New York and as he asks for an autograph, meaning signing for the ticket, he believes just because He received on television thanks to the scandal of the awards he is now some kind of celebrity. And this is fair, I believe, that's the biggest point where the movies are turning. Above that, I believe that the film also offers a solution to getting along with this, illustrated in all films by Sidney's attitudes: Do not become too serious about yourself or on anyone else ... " Serving God was the person at the beginning "... as Sophie once said in the movie. The Saints at this time are the stars. We attribute them an 'aura' of perfection, of eternal happiness, but the reality is much less than that. Even the saints of any religion are images, ideal patterns of how to behave and how to live your life. Even they were not real ... they became 'for real' after they died and we looked behind them. And this catch: we need our saints! we need our stars! We strive to be as if it were not for us we would have nothing to strive for. And television and all other media are meant to create and capture our strivings. We desperately need reference in consideration to measure ourselves. So we got to the movie to watch this movie in the first place: to see if we can fit the reference, or if the reference is small for us. This time it was bigger than we expected.
