UK newspaper reviews seem to have focused on the fact that revision tends to know Toby Young, the real-time journalist real-life film based. The keyword here is "based". How to lose friends is a romkon affair. Sidney Young entered a prestigious gossip magazine in New York, where he continued to gaffe after gaffe before finally finding it Right and Made It. This involves it sold out, and the movie has some serious facts about journalistic integrity. However, they are not late: the main substance remains a comedy that centers around Sidney misadventures. The script has its cake and fed it in which Sidney is a stupid, well-meaning buffoon at the same time as being a clever, moderately obnoxious skilled writer. This contradiction is never so much of a problem, because Simon Pegg (like Sidney) projects too much. <br /> <br /> Jeff Bridges game editor Sidney is a little too effective, and Kirsten Dunst is rather anonymous as eventually in conflict objects in Sidney's affections. And, with regard to Megan Fox (who plays a starlet starlet star) I can only say this: just say the word, Miss Fox, and I'll leave my wife, sell my everything, and buy myself a plane ticket in order to take my place in your side as your consort. Of course, giving them that I'm an accountant 56 year old accountant, you might not get my bid too catchy, but it's there on the table anyway. Given how short his career was so far, one might think it's a bit too early for Megan Fox to take on a role that glides the illusion of the actress he might think to become: however, he does it sweet, with some skill, and very sexually. This girl will go away. <br /> There are stalwart support from a variety of epic performers - Miriam Margolyes and Bill Paterson from the UK, Gillian Anderson and Danny Huston from the US. There are several street-out-loud moments, and I smiled most of the way off. As always, the word F makes appearances when it really does not need, although at least a couple of these are very funny.
