Sidney Young (Pegg) is moving from England to New York to work for Sharpe's popular magazine in hoping to live his dream form but it will make a lasting impression. Based on Young Toby's Book of Survival of American Business, this comedy drama has received mixed opinions from critics. Recorded as comic curious but with charm by the actors, how to lose friends seemed as a run of the fish mill from the pond to make fun of another culture comedy, but not. Pictures work on account of its actors and the story is simple yet sharp. We start in the past, then in the present and working our way in advance to see how Young has made her mark in one of America's top magazines. <br /> <br /> Pegg (hot fuzz) is too much sticker for words. If it's hitting zombies with a cricket stick or showing sidekick him the nature of the law the English actor carries a charm and light intensity in each scene. Here, when the scripting is a good thing, but far away from his own standards, he brings a great deal of energy into the picture and he alone is worth looking for. His expression and "babe 3" are unforgivable, simply enchanting things like being on exuberant dancing, but pulling it off. nicely in the love interests confused. Megan Fox, who stole transformers, reminds everyone he can act here with a funny hyperbole in a stereo movie star. The fact that her character Sophie Myles begins in a picture of Mother Teresa is as ridiculous as her antique character in the pool. Emphasize the point of having a dog, and Pegg judge who cut off real British gross committees, and a little big twist. Though a British film has an adaptation of American forms for Young as it tries to fit into and we can see the different approaches to telling stories. Young wants the right to go down contrasted with American professionalism. The inclusion of modern-day modern-day stars will soon make this movie dated, but the concept of exploitation of movie star gives this corner. <br /> <br /> The first picture Weide is not perfect. There are holes in concentration as the plot becomes too soap with an awkward obvious turn and there are too many characters to be needed. The physical comedy should also be overdone. As a side note, the bloopers on the DVD are some of the finest you'll ever see, which is almost half an hour long. This comedy drama has Simon Pegg shining again with the collective approach to telling stories and sharp comedy, it is worth watching.
