I was looking forward to how friends lost and lined up for months, particularly due to the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg began. Simon Pegg is a comedy genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been a favorite actress of mine. How to lose friends & Alienate People hit the spot! Of course not perfect, but very enjoyable and funny. How to lose friends and aliens who follow the life of Sidney Young, a smalltime, bumbling, British celebrity journalist, who is hired by an upscale magazine in New York City. In Spectacular Sidney mode enter high society and burn bridges and bosses, peers and superstars. After disrupting one black-tailed event by allowing a wild pig to run rampant, Sidney captures the attention of Clayton Harding, editor of Sharp, and accepts a work with the magazine in New York City. Clayton warns Sidney that he would be best impressed with the charms of everyone he can, if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney immediately insulted and annoyed fellow writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dare to target the star clients in public powerist Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also directed his boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney found creative ways to annoy almost everyone. His grace is saved, a rising starlet Sophie Maes (Megan Fox) who develops an odd affection for her. In time, Allison's friendship could only save Sydney from his under-spiral careers. The scenario is very interesting and the acting head was the tooth and what the actors were giving. Simon Pegg is still hilarious as ever! It makes Sydney bumbling, obnoxious, and annoying as real as it gets, but later in time makes Sydney not only likable, but also a real character that you root for in the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten has some very wonderful and hilarious scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff F * cking bridges! How can you not like it ?! He makes Clayton a very funny and some characters and in general you just love the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox, and Danny Huston were great as cast in support. Each had their own personality that was generally incredible, but that's just what made the movie work. One thing I did not enjoy was how a few dimensions of the characters were. I understand that most have been thrown in support, but some of the cast have been underused and could have given the movie some more spices. How to lose friends and alien people will never be on top of anyone 10 movie, or even top 10 comedy ever, but it has a very fun level, and some scenes can even charm you as well. How to lose friends & Alienate People is definitely one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
