We first watch this movie as part of a new Argentine film festival in 2000 at Walter Red. Although we loved it, we did not think it was extraordinary. Looking at it for a second, we get a different meaning in this look at life in Buenos Aires. The film takes place in one of the worst days in Argentina, as the administration of DeLaRua ended. The country was in turmoil after the economy, which was developed earlier in the 1990s, under the artificially created Climate Climatic climate. It was a time when bank accounts in dollars were frozen and those who were themselves living a nightmare. The story begins as Santamarina, a bank employee, was fired because of the fall of the economy. Instead of receiving sympathy from his wife, she gets her out of the apartment and, for all practical purposes, becomes a homeless man. It takes the streets trying to make ends meet. The other story introduces us to Ariel, a young Jew, interviewing a work of a Spanish company. It's almost a miracle it gets the job. His father, Simon, owns a small restaurant in the Jewish quarter of "El Once" in the center of the city. Things go wrong worse when Ariel's mother dies suddenly. Only Estela, a love-loving young man, and Ariel, comes to help fathers and children. Santamarina, who is a clean man, resorted to showering wherever he can. She chooses a lady room at one of the train stations. When the assistant, Elsa, found her naked, she became furious, but it came to her senses when she realized the happy circumstances of the man who had seen better times. They become romantically involved, and Santamarina at one of her trips to street garbage, get a baby. Elsa, while wondering, wants to do the right thing. But Santamarina is convinced of the significance of an innocent life in life they will cement their love. <br /> Ariel, who met the gorgeous Laura to work, begins a tense and heavily sexual affair with her handsome worker, who is unknown to her, involving a lesbian affair. Ariel who shoots free by wedding photos and other occasions, feels a passion for Laura, but she realizes that Estela has sacrificed her dad and still loves her. Daniel Burman, whose "El Abrazo Party" we thought was excellent, did wonderful to this movie. Things are put in its proper perspective after a second look lately and we must apologize for not knowing it first time around. If anything, the second time, the nuances of the play played by Mr. Burman and Emiliano Torres were written, making more sense because they reflected turmoil in what the country lived during those dark days. , who plays Ariel, has collaborated with Mr Burman before their surprising results. It is not 'beautiful star movie', again, it is beautiful. This actor projects a tremendous sense of work. Enrique Pineyro is another magnificent surprise. His Santamarina is disarmed. Despite the bad things that fall on him, he holds a rosy attitude for everyone he meets. Stefania Sandrelli, exciting Italian actress, makes a great contribution to the movie with her Elsa. Hector Alterio, one of Argentina's best-known Argentine plays. Chiara Coselli's gorgeous view as Laura and Melina Petrielli appear as the noble estela. <br /> <br /> "Messiah's Messenger" proves Daniel Burman is a voice that must be identified with the Argentine cinema.
