One of Miike Takashi's director is very much better. It's so good and hard to put in words. In nearly fifteen years older than the target audience it thrilled me from the beginning to end. He recalls the same films from the 1980s in the sense that (unlike today) these films were not afraid to scare - there is a lot of embarrassing details here that I initially found jarring, but soon realized It's nothing different from what I've grown up. The film is a compilation of the child's 80s movie convention. You name it, it's a young hero to push out from his own world / dysfunctional to another, inhabited by mythical and mysterious elves; a quest to save both worlds from an evil force; a beautiful heroine she had a crush on; a sadistic henchwoman (Go-Go Yubari from Kill Bill Vol. 1); a wicked man who draws his evil power from something everyone in the world can relate to. But all these genre conventions give a fresh turn and added depth. <br /> One of the IMDb reviews begins "Where was this movie when I was a kid?" and it is a feeling I agree with my whole heart. Even while looking at her I complained to the fact that I did not grow up on her; that it was not part of my childhood like Labyrinth, Masters of the Universe, and, to a much less limited extent, the Neverending Story. Those films, and others like the Goonies are reminded but never cheating - Miike Relentlessly offers us a new take on things. Poor CGI is a staple in many of its films, sometimes due to budgetary limits but just as often an artistic choice - a desire to present things in a strange way. Here the CGI is mostly average, only due to budgetary limits, but nevertheless it does a fantastic job of putting on a spectacle. CG effects are combined with traditional puppets, animatronics and truly extraordinary make-up to create a world filled with rich characters and characters that often border the visionary. <br /> This rank as one of the greatest movie kids ever made. Not for younger or more sensitive children though. <br /> Just jaw-droppingly wonderful. Watch it for yourself and if you think your kids can handle / appreciate it then show it to them. Let's grow up on the Great Yokai War as some small compensation for the fact you could not.
