Also known as the Big Spook War. Yokai's Great War is Miike's temptation in a family movie and its damn good work. The problem is that I can not imagine many parents want their children's topic in this movie. The best children's films are those that are scary or have too disturbing images, neverending stories and returning to Oz's spring ideas, but in the case of Great Miokai Miike Miike probably take things a little too far. In fact in the screening I was in person to introduce the repeated film of the two families that it was probably not very appropriate. <br /> <br /> The movie kicks off with the young hero of the piece introducing himself and explaining his current family problem. This short moment of mundanity is sharply broken as a cow giving birth to a calf and the face of a person who screams that a horrendous thing will come before falling dead like the abomination it is (it is quite possible that the absolute Absolute of the Beast is some oddly quaint spells). After an incredible introduction of Big Baddie's Big Cats, with his Agi Henchwoman (an attractive attraction to Chiaki Kuriyami), by way of an apocalyptic army increased. The story returns to normal for a while, but it does not take long before any logic goes down the drain and boys teams up with a group of Miyazaki rejected them taking out the evil sorcerer. The plot of the movie is fairly basic and amazingly hacked at times, all the one choosing just looks completely out of place in a movie that is so routinely shattered, but is helped by a simple trembling inspirational vision in a magical world. This really is a Miyazaki movie made in a live action movie, albeit a lot of planters and more greedy than film miyazaki movie. The movie is simply a joy to look at the designs of the Yokai is colorful, and hugely practical, while the bad robotics monitors while not showing the world's best CGI There is a practice and threat that gives them far more of a palpable threat than you imagine. Excellent excellent, they just make the characters look perfectly natural that are chanting when you consider that most of them are in full body makeup or latex costume. Even Agi lumbered with a ridiculous beehive coming across as deadly and deadly deadly amazing acting amazing outfits from Kuriyami. While the film has many components that put it firmly in the film movie territory; cute animals, junior heroes, a very evil evil, a sense of misfortune and adventure, and a lack of violence. There are elements that make you wonder whether Miike should direct such a movie. <br /> <br /> The Robot Army is a really terrifying threat to everyday article warping of monstrous creatures that looks like T-101 skin and adds chainsaws. These animals ripen character into pieces; suck in the mouth without staining them and kidnaping the kids in their home by swiping them right under the nose of their parents before they are delivered to a little patricide. <br /> The creation of the animal is also really arduous for young minds. The Yokai, essentially the heroes, eats in a large furnace in a liquidated form of hatred that corresponds to Yokai's meat and the angry soul forces possess metal ball. If the children thought Anakin's abduction was wrong to wait to see a sized and burning person in a sting of hatred melting for a minute before becoming an abomination in a motorcycle. There are also separate parts, in one case but spot but off the front of the camera shed blood, a fair amount of sexual energy (Agi wears a clothing designed specifically for fan services and seems to have only sleep with Kato as motivation, while the princess of the rivers is placed near nothing and gets thighs groped by the young hero in several scenes), and general humor that will go right on top of those who loss is designed for. /> Spoilers An example that the yokai only becomes interested in the final battle when it thinks it's a big part. The subsequent battle is more of a festival than anything, filled with beer, crowdsurfing and moshing. Also a scene where Agi beat the tar from a beautiful animal furry looks designed to appeal to the masses jaded by overkill pokemon. End of Spoilers at the end of the day The Great Yokai War is easy on Miike most recent films. While it misses some of the bad guy in saying Gozu or Ichi it's just always pushing the audience down a road in general frenzy. In fact this is the most disturbing film Miike that he embraced the sheer magic of the subject so heartily. <br /> <br /> Well worth a look just for the occasional flash of Gogo donkey.
