Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy MOVIE are on dolls that come to life when people are not around. In this adventure to be saved a French kidnapped doll named Babette from the captain of pirates. On the trip routes if Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Hole, and even Land Loans. Are the new assistant camel's friends With the help of their knees or just slowing them down with delusions of his friends left him? How are they going to save the Kookoo King and his henchmen! What will the owner Marcella say when she sees her 7th birthday present dolls go along with her other toys? Successful surprises await the adventurers. <br /> All the scores from a possible 10: story: 8 - very nice. Dolls come to life when the master is not around. Not only that because they go from many different places, but in an imaginary world so nothing can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places to find new friends, its great. The characters all work well in this also and do not like pirates? Acting: 8 - Each character suits their voice well. Especially the enemy Marlon Brando pit, the greedy. The French doll has a very accent French accent, Evil Kookoo's Hitler-esquire (which has similar hairs to the simpson attraction Bob) plays his role very well, with sorrowful old man man's voice for camel working perfectly. Why is old armed animation saved better than new ones? Music: 10 - There is nothing short of perfection here. The songs were in my mind for years, and re-watching it almost 20 years later, I can always remember each and every one of them and will now be able to know exactly where those tunes come from. Joe Raposo's "Sesame Street" has made a great work with songs for this and everyone sing well. <br /> Pony: 6 - That's where it will get confusing. I mean how far was the raggedy walking anyway? A lot of events just seem to happen one after another and have no say who else the dolls and toys were like you never saw them in the real world of the movie, but it follows some sort of path and you know They will eventually find where they need to go, it's just very hard to follow at times. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico I should say there's part of both movies I will never forget about how I try. Most of the parties are scary. I've probably mentioned already how bigger movies were much creepier than the animation of today but this takes the cake into the fear factor. Outside of the South Park movie and some Disney films there's almost no animated music, or the good person who comes out for its very unique. <br /> <br /> Worth: its classical 8-. Worth the hunt to get a good copy of these for sure, but the VHS copies are probably all stretched out by now. The DVD version is sold on Ebay all the time and it will definitely be something you will look more than once. If anything is found for the purposes of nostalgia. <br /> <br /> Overall Score (Not an average): 8 - It's a nice timeless music music made in late 70s and can still enjoy today. Its characters are all unique and the songs are great. So big you might find yourself crowning time and time again. Give your favorite animal a hug today! Insight Review (including bias): This is not like the Raggedy Ann TV series made a decade later. This was the darkest way with the real world. These effects seem like a lot of other acid-tour designs from there to 70, in particular, yellow submarines. Still, give me my memories of memory, and can always influence these things today. It was not easy to find but it would remain a treasure kept in my collection of DVDs and videos forever.
