Oh, boy, blessed by the 1970s, we got some of the most terrible films that came from this decade: the exorcist, jaw, massacre of Chainsaw Texas, Halloween and now Raggedy Ann & Andy: a musical adventure. This film should be used for torture terrorists captured by telling us about the evil plans to destroy the world, I mean seriously, this movie was scared to come out of me. My sister had this movie in her VHS collection and I was kind of curious about what kind of movie would make out of a doll that came out of the big depression for kids who had very little pocket money. What is the heck? It's as funny as this movie is 1970's version of Toy Story, pretty much down to a key, only this was once a thousand scarier, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to get into the drug travel for the kids. / Every time Marcella left the room, Raggedy Ann, along with his brother Andy Raggedy and a full nursery full of colorful games come to life. On Marcella's birthday, a new doll, Babette, came from Paris, France to the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who does not know she's a doll, but in amicable Raggedy Ann does everything she can to make Babette feel at home. However, the ship Captain Contagious kidnapped it. Raggedy Ann and Andy set to try to save it before Marcella discovered Babette away. Out of the world outside the nursery, two are meeting the camel and knees are framed, a blue toy camel has been thrown by past owners and is now heartbroken and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy secured a ride on the camel, he began following his hallucinations, without looking, running on the edge of a cliff, in a deep pit. In this hole they encounter the greedy, who is a giant blubber gourd at Taffy who always stays and is never full. Raggedys and the narrow camel escape being burned by the greedy and continue their journey to find Babette ?? and believe me, he just gets weirder from this point on. While this movie was certainly disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes during a lot of the movie, this was actually pretty creative. Back in the day when we had hand drawn animations that made more personal films and that the writers and animators put their hearts in it, you can say that they did with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This certainly was not the worst movie I've ever seen, I just do not know who recommends it too. As scary as I was, I must admit I'm glad I looked at her, sometimes you need a "WTF?!" The film spice up your selection, believe me when I say that Ann Raggedy had no problem in doing just that with me. It's official, that the doll is just plain creepy, let's just put it in that way, there is a caramel river that eats everything, a head of head keeps getting bigger as it laughs, something is rare which outrages Raggedy Ann and his brother, a strange almost incest between Ann and Andy and a couple of nude dolls that will forever harbor my dreams and songs. Yikes. <br /> 7/10
