It took a few look that I really wrapped myself in this one, but for me Tears in Kali is one of the horrors indicated in the 00 and as far as horror independent goes a true masterpiece. An horror of Anthology, it takes on the history of the fictional group Taylor-Eriksson, a cult of India-based type of membership that has been cast out in search of ultimate self knowledge and healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results that echo down years. With recorded segments set in India, this film was made up of three stories that were established in Germany, which showed the impact of work Taylor Taylor met at some times. It's an interesting set up as things go away, but that sets this movie apart is the way the imagery is so carefully set up to develop the movie movie. Bad things have been triggered and the overall course of the film is a look at how the quest for self knowledge and ultimate therapy brings horrors to patients, healers and others and the film is packed with clever visual clues in the power of The dark forces with which it deals, dark forces name by time, location or even personality. These good examples are found in the first story especially, dealing with a journalist interviewing a lady at a mental hospital. Previous to this story we saw Lars Eriksson and notably wonky (lazy?) Eyes, we also see it healing or at least comforting a patient. The mental patient's patient in the first story is seen in the same position as Eriksson heals a fellow patient, also as he wraps up the campaigns from the art class that he runs among his fellow patients one of the pictures seen, a figure and lazy eyes like Erikssons. There are also popular references to minuscule roles, extras and hiccups markets that have extra sensory perceptions of what's going on in the movie, showing the bad thing that has been triggered and can almost infect others. There is more to the philosophical film than just the wrong, it is a movie about death, suffering and possible redemption too all tied to a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a fashionable fashion like it might just be exploitation, but there is more relationship with current belief than one might expect (at least in the search I made on wikipedia). Writer / director Andreas Marschall definitely deserves some important credentials for his ability to build the movie. As well as being reflected, the film is very refreshing also, the band in Bharti India and Panama Jan has a great jingle piano unusual and has a couple of remarkable performances, Michael Balaun as a damaged doctor and Cora Chilcot as a passionate freaky especially good. The third story also has a fine turn from veteran Mathieu Carrier as a trusted healer. The biggest problem in the film is that it is not involving a lot of the time for the potential for fear of losing these hands and a couple of other performances to achieve very good participation. So the movie is not quite as captivating as it might be, the act also periodically cut off with the rhythm, but especially I thought it was pretty much, if a shadow was short in its possible brilliance. Well worth a look for adventurous horror fans I think.
