Where was this movie when I was a kid? After the parents split up Tadashi moved with his mother to live his grandfather. Tadashi's sister lives with dad and often speaks on the phone. Grandfather is only "here" every third day. Mother never really got home. Children are always picking up the poor kid. During a Tadashi village festival choose the "kirin rider" or spiritual champion in peace and justice. Little is suspected that soon he will actually have the role of hero as the forces of darkness join with the rage of abandoned things in a conspiracy to destroy mankind and the spiritual world. The party was easy. Now comes the hard part, trying to explain the movie. <br /> This is a great movie. No this is a big movie, flawed, (very flawless?) But a big movie no less there. It unfolds as all those great books you liked as a kid and are just as dense at times like Tadashi struggle to get the strength to become a hero. Watching her I felt like I read a great book, and thought how great this would have been if it was a book. I liked that the movie does not follow a normal path. Things often happen from destination or through miscommunication, a character gets sucked into events simply because his feet fall asleep. There are twists and turns and moments that seem like by the sheriff and they are all the best for it (which is typical Miike). Certainly it's a Miash Takashi movie. This Japanese master of film is clearly in charge of a film that often touches, scary and funny all at the same time. No one except Miike seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time, or that you can suddenly have twists as things get dark one second and then the next comic. I admire the fact that Miike has made a movie that is weak and hopeful, which does not shy away from being scared, I mean really scary, especially for kids. This is the same dark territory that should be in the Harry Potter movies, but rarely is. That's a dark story of Grimms and humor. My first reaction when I saw the opening image was that I could not believe that anyone would start a movie movie with a photo at the end of the world, then I realized who made the movie. Carrots go to Miike to make a movie that knows kids can handle their scary idols. It also operates on more than one level. The mechanical monsters that the bad guys are forged from junk limiting mankind. It's in the rage of being thrown away by combining the monsters. One of the Yokai Tales (Devil) on the rage tennis is thrown away because they are roomy or too small to feel when they are sent. You also have one of the good guys refusing to join the wrong guys because that would be the human thing to do. It's a wild concept, but like other things floating around it lifts this movie to another level. (there are many good riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder who this movie is for since the kids can not understand them, though many parents will be) And of course there are the monsters . They run spectacular cheese gums and stops across between. Frankly you are required to forgive inequality in their creation simply because they have to be hundreds if not thousands of monsters on screen. It's cool and it works. One of the main characters is a Yokai which I think best describes as a hamster in a tunik and is often played by a stuffy creature, it looks dumb and again you will beat little little and love every moment it rides on top of Tadashi a. (Acceptance is also easier if you've ever seen the old woodcuts in the strange Japanese monsters) I mentioned faults, and some. Their effects are uneven, some of the sudden turns are somewhat odd (though understandable) and some other minor things that are fading now a few hours later after watching the movie .. None of them really hurt movie In all, however, most types of keep you from being completely happy with the movie. <br /> I really like this movie. I'm pretty sure if I've seen that as a kid he would have my favorite movie of all time. (where the dub angle?). Watch this movie. It's a great trip. (Besides reading a good introduction to the Miike Less Blood and Sex Graphics films)
