Bill Takashi Miike's "first family film" - not seen by Zebraman, presumably. YOKAI DAISENSO takes things even further in the direction of family-friendship, darkening the darkness and cinema to create a fantasy fantasy fant. A young man chooses to fate to save the world from monsters and horrors in that they remain largely unaware. The film is obviously the biggest budget than anything else Miike has done, and many of the CGI create fantasy world populated by odd creatures (YOKAI). Maybe the lack of extreme content is a more nervous consequence to investors, but I think it's probably just that he wants to do something different. It does not really be a single-trick pony but often accused of it - maybe YOKAI is designed to silence those critics. Regardless, it's a great project for Miike in its unlimited imagination channel and the invention. There is a very cartoonish feel of production, evoking thoughts in Miyazaki in places. Yokai is based on an old set of comics that has been in turn based on Japanese popularity, which certainly influences Miyazaki as well (particularly SPIRITED goes). It must be remembered that Miike has nothing like the budget of a Harry Potter movie to work with, so the special effects will not be to be seamless Hollywood style work - some blue-screening is especially obvious. Some of the special effects are great though, and some very well-animated animals (a mixture of CG, stop-movements and puppetry). I think the little little socks that follow the hero around for so much of the movie was * mean * to look really cheap, and that's all the cuter for it :) The boy who plays hero of the movie Doing a really good job - it's so hard to get a pre-teenager who actually understands the concept of acting, but 9 year old Ryunosuke Kamiki is a genuine talent (I see he's made the voices of the latest 2 Miyazaki films!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delicious as the villainess of the piece, though Mai Takahashi has made an even bigger impression as the Pixie-Cornea Princess River - yum yum! People looking for another violent gangster movie will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you're a fan of Miike because of his imagination, he understands, is very satisfied here. And it has the added bonus that you can happily put it on whatever your company has :)
