Although there is melodrama in the center or rather in this film, the story is said to be very good and subtle and the act is superb. Yaara, studying at Princeton, returns to her native Israel for the funeral of her oldest and beloved friend, Talia. Because Yaara practically lived with his parents' parents after her mother's death, she lost her foster sister. And because Yaara, blind from birth, was guided and guarded by Talia, his friend suicide is as unbearable as it is inexplicable. <br /> <br /> Inevitably, the blind girl is one of those who are determined to solve the mystery of this death. Even though without eyes, he has insight. Though it can not be seen, it is able to get what out of sight than the "normal" people around him. The movie thus becomes a mystery absorbed as Yaara looks for clues in his relationship with Talia, to house his family, tape, diary, and people in Talia's past and present. <br /> Say to Yara's point of view, the film is also seen in her point of view, as it visualizes what she hears, believes, and imaginative. The solution to the mystery is rather conventional, but the research is designed with these subtle care and the answer is rendered so well and without fanfare, which moment is not easy forgiven. The truths are emerging gradually again inexorably, clarifying not only Talia's life, but also his relationship with Yaara. Tali Sharon, as Yaara, uses her mobile face and voice effectively, and she is completely credible as both the adult and girls. We fully accept his ability to end the movie to find his place in the world more confident. <br /> <br /> Magic is the precision where and actions are repeated with small, but meaningful meaning that never gets tedious, the dead-to act by the minor characters, and the interesting decision to represent Talia only as a teenager. I'll quibble with Yaara's final statement as standing with Gadi, Talia's latest companion, at the corner of the cliff, but that the trip to the corner is so captivating that the image will remain in sight longer than its words will be recalled.
