In 1993, with the success of the first epic of Batman: The Animated Series, Warner Brothers has commissioned the team responsible for the show featuring and producing a feature-long film, original for searching for direct-to-video, but bouncing up to the theater. It would be known as Batman: The Mask of the Phantasm. Ten years after Phantasm, we had another three feature films released from the boys at the WB, Sub-Zero, Return of the Joker, and now Mystery of the Batwoman joins the family. <br /> <br /> The plot is basic and in many ways similar to the Mask of the Phantasm: A new watchful girl model after Batman started to target operations run by Gotham crowds Rupert Thorne and Oswald Cobblepot's AKA Penguin . Now Batman must try to unravel the mystery of Batwoman before he crosses the line. The animation is sleeker, the futuristic style used for Batman: the fifth and sixth epic animated series (AKA The New Batman Adventures). , it's quite nicely done, and just as sweet as Back to the Joker animation. There are also some CGI uses, but it's minimal compared to the addition of it to Sub-zero. The music was good. Different and exotic and similar to the Justice League scores, although the points of the note when the old animated theme Batman comes up will be sure to send the nostalgic wave to vibrant heart-shaped older fans. Kevin Conroy, as always, does a wonderful thing like Bruce Wayne and Batman. It's also great to have the old Batman: Animated Series of Ancient Back; including Bob Hastings, Robert Costanzo, Tara Strong (Barbara Gordon / Batgirl, his comic suggestion in his romantic relationship between Bruce and Bruce who was mentioned at Batman Beyond), and Efrem Zimbalist Jr (Alfred) <br /> <br /> Men are also great - especially given that Rupert Thorne, the old boss of the original series, appeared for the first time since the fourth quarter. <br /> <br /> Overall, while not quite reached the standard set by Mask of the Phantasm ten years ago, MOTB carried on the torch quite nicely for the animated films Batman. But if you have the DVD and is a hardcore fan, you'll love five-minute short of my chase.
