It was revealed on TV yesterday, so I decided to check it out. This was one of the latest Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV projects related to the old 1992 Batman animated series, after which Jeff Matsuda came along with re-imagining Batman and his new Batman series, but anyway The story of this new Batman movie center around the appearance of a new look is known as Batwoman, however Batman feels the need to stop him because of its extreme methods, and also in the meantime take down the Pengiun and Riphert thorns that both are secretly working with Carlton Duquesne (who has family problems) and another villain (which is later revealed in the movie) about a gun smashing operation, they also put a bounty on Batwoman la. The question is: who is this mysterious Batwoman and it is possible that they might have more then one? It's up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop the latest operation of the Penguin. For an animated film, it has a fairly complex scheme and a tone of gravity, which is good. Another plus was the complete representation of the penguin that looks more like the sophisticated Boss of fax we used to see in the comics, unlike his previous drawings that borrowed Tim Burton's vision of Pengium (Sewer Hat and Wild Circus ). Even if the movie has a love subplot it never brought that far and does not derail the movie as hard as ever, Batman. The voice acts is standard quality for these direct-to-video projects (if only Batman: The Mask of Phantasm has taken that route), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said despite running for some very short 80 minutes, she managed to make a very good (and complex) storyline filled with a few minor twists and bucket loads in action. There are some pitfalls, however, Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not click on as a couple, though just referencing, Tim Drake (aka Robin) does very little in film and to be well Frank, I've never been a big fan of Paul Dini and Batman cartoon character Bruce Timm (especially in Batman's post-BTAS show), this new adventurer of Batman and Robin, well, it kind of makes Batman look fat then , rather a well-built bulked up individual (such as the Jeff Matsuda character pattern from the Batman). Bruce Wayne looks a little awkward, these blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent then Bruce (though it's true to look much alike). Another downside is Rupert Throne (there is no explanation as to why it is in this deal, but it's safe to say it was genon and what's a cut in the deal) that makes very little more then hang out with the Penguim or his head hurt every time he points out a gun to someone (count how often this happens in the movie and you'll be surprised. In general, a good animated film Batman, worth at least one rental.
