This POST might include SPOILERS: Although it was 5 years after the series ended and WB was currently working on Justice League, this animated film is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? Well, if the Mask of the Phantasm compliments the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero compliments the 15 episodes of the Adventures of Batman and Robin, then Mystery of the Batwoman compliment the final 24 episodes of the Gotham Knights versions Batman. Kevin Conroy once again delivers a voice on performance that has nothing short of excellence and perfection. I admit I was a bit leery when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think about being the funny 50 old Batman. But I was hauled by the Batwoman character, watching her, her costume (which I supposed to inspire Bruce Wayne to create the costume on Batman Beyond) and the fact that this film keeps you guessing that Batwoman is all the way through. If you want to know that Batwoman is, then buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a comic appearance and I think the writers were trying to hint that Bruce and Barbara had something going on between them as they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake looks like Robin, but his role is a little one and sadly, there is no sign or mention of the dick Grayson Alison Nightwing, which led me to believe he had established himself in Bludhaven (his city in the drawings). /> <br /> Of the three suspects for Batwoman, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, who looks like a lot of terrible things like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a good job as one of the other suspects. When it came to the villains, I was glad the penguin was one of them, but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams and David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just did not sound right. The same goes for Robin. The new guy made okay, but just as I started to get used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, voiced Carlton Duquesne, is now the voice of the Joker in the series "Batman". And we finally see what Rupert Thorne looks like he did not show up in Gotham Chill's episodes. The late John Vernon will be missed. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as the voice of Bane, if he had to be replaced, got the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just want to be able to use Two Face, Riddler, or the new pair of versions of the scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The notes of music and especially the soft sounding intro were superb. I wish that was on a band and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie at the Iceberg Lounge and her song, Betcha Neva. While some feel that this movie is weaker than the mask of the Phantasm and Subzero, I find it just as strong and enjoyable as the rest, more like I said earlier, it's a long movie based on the version Batman Gotham's Batman, which I think gives a good balance. I would at least recommend renting this DVD before buying it for those who might leery in this movie, but personally, it's well worth the purchase. I give Mystery of Batwoman a 9.
