For starters I've always been a fan of the Batman cartoons because the theme is so universal, 'that everyone alive has a change-month'. This is true of the mystery of Batwoman. While the overall story is good I'm disappointing that they have not really done much for the franchise with this. <br /> <br /> Throughout the movie, you are trying to find out who identity in Batwoman is, unfortunately you can find not easy to look at the credit thrown on this website (so if you do not has seen it already gone there). I was sort of shame that they did not make the movie much longer. 75 minutes is way too short for any movie. The batwoman's secret identity also comes far too early in the movie, sort of Midway, and it becomes anti-climatic afterwards because you know the good guys will always win and that new character known as Batwoman will disappear after the film is so. br /> <br /> I am also not sure about the new animation style used in this movie. I love the new sweet characters, but there should be some more detail where details are called for. Some parts of the animation look so awkward and rigid that it grabs your attention far distant from your attention to the storyline. I also did not really like the bright atmosphere used in most of the scene, it sort of losing its dark and gothic feel that is Batman. Likewise we should have come to know more about Baton's personality so we can build even the same feelings of compassion as Bruce Wayne. Also I think the battle with Bane should have been doing better. In typical childhood mode the bad guy meets his breaks too easily either by tripping, falling, getting electricity or doing something mute that works against them. Come to think of it was not even one blood drop spilled in this movie either. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, its a fun flick fun and I recommend anyone in a Batman fan to watch it. He had good scenarios, universal appeal and even the great act of self cutting. I just want them to have more permanent changes in the story by making Batwoman staying doing things more interesting. Do not just introduce it and then kick him over once he's done. I would also like to see someone else figure out the mystery for a change finally. Some other than Batman solve the mystery and fill it in later with the details. <br /> I hope there are more animated movies coming and looking forward to the time when we will actually be able to see the separation between Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. She string it together forever and does not even like it and I can not believe it was dumb enough to fall in love with someone 20 years older. I also want to see the time when Tim Drake leaves because he gets sick of the old man. In short I want to see all the things that have led the characters in which they will be in Batman Beyond. Otherwise the same formula will just end it faster than if they just decide to move on to the story. <br /> <br />
