It begins with several of the principles on a run to Albukquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, Sons like Duke) is the driver and starts her usual bobbin against women in general, and her girlfriend Pearl being an exception. He then relates to a sharper version of the biblical story of Samson to justify his retention at long mustaches over the will of Pearl, who city barber, no less, and claims if everyone follows his example, he would from business. This point will return to dominate the last stage of the movie. Gabby looks like an irritation of some revikers, but it's a definite plus in this one. It's too bad it was not in more of the best Western Random Scotts to lighten up Randy's usual make-up. Also on this stage is Randy (Cole Armin), her future wife (Cathrine Craig, as Celia Wallace), whom she gets acquainted with, and a girl (Myrtle), whom she soon becomes a hero when she Delivering him from the Runaway scene after he was kept up by the racers-tied Randy John Armin (George Cleveland), who essentially ran the city. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learns that her uncle, not extension, herself, is not exactly popular among the popular city. It does, however, quickly form a useful friendship with Gabby. After learning that John's uncle was responsible for maintaining the stage of his business contender, Celia Wallace, and the Associated Assignment, he demanded that Uncle John return the money and decided to work for Celia and Ted's brother (Russell Hayden) , instead of John's uncle. As rival candidate rises, Uncle John decides to plant an informer (Barbara Britton, like Letty Tyler) at Wallace's office, keeping him informed as to deliver ore from mines to town so he can run away them. And then does not work, he resorts in the draconian tactic to gather a fire at his own office, for which Randy is blaming. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment to confront him with evidence that he had been scratching his uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when they discovered the fire. This puts it with Letty at the dog house with Celia (beau apparently) and Ted (who hopes to woo Letty). This news also concludes John's uncle's trust in Letty as an informant, and suggests he leaves town. Instead, she changed her place and told the Wallaces why Randy was in her apartment. Uncle John tries once again to slaughter the ore, and when fails, there is a general shooting in the city. You can guess the results. The plot is well constructed and executed, with intricate relationships between the principles, and with a variety of obstacles to overcome Randy, with the help of its sometimes its associates. At least Randy has killed the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had a choice to avoid murder, but he was confident that a woman would not have the courage to carry out her threat. Hayes presence and two beautiful beautiful single women, as well as myrtle little, have greatly helped to tackle the otherwise tense atmosphere in this fight for survival, as John John puts it. <br /> It seems odd that Barbara Britton, the girl "bad", gets herself female bill on Catherine Craig, Randy's love interest. Barbara over time camera was much more limited. <br /> Those who grew up on the TV series Lassie featuring George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to find him playing as a cruel means controlling. We can ask if his wheelchair status has a place on this character. This leaves it with some options for making a living in the Wild West. Without parents who apparently help her support (except Randy), she can not afford to have some upstart beating her out of the most profitable business of town. On the other hand, out of his conversation, he probably achieved his status as the "boss" town before becoming wheelchair-bound.
