The line summarizes above, spoken by James Preston (James Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling) just about telling it all. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way of doing things that happen, only problem is, it usually leaves the body where it was. It's not sort of advice Tom envisions for little brother Jeff, who loves what he sees in Jim, especially when defending hips against local Texas kattlemen. Statewide Crediting Credits' Introducing John Barrymore Jr. as Little Brother ', in this very first screen appearance. That seemed rather odd to me, especially since he was addressed as Jeff almost immediately in the story. About eighteen at the time of film, she brings a resemblance to Sean Penn. No stranger to personal and legal issues throughout his career as well as extranging from his family, I was wondering whether her daughter Barrymore could ever see this picture. I'm inclined to think. <br /> On the subject of resemblance, I was also struck by no thought that the young Robert Sterling looked somewhat like Roy Rogers early in his career. Knowing Sterling was already only in his role as George Kerby in the 1950's Topper series TV series, I thought he was looking out of place in a west, but that would just be mine. His character gets embraced by his brother rsuvernessness to create problems, and gives some of the edginess of this story is not so typical. Minor subplots are many, including the Johnny Bondel rival relationship with his son Sheriff (Kid Wichita killed), and the troubled marriage between Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (Kid Wichita killed). Chill Wills judges out the main cast as one of Tom was hired but with the final figure a bit predictable. What's not quite predictable is how things eventually wind up, and for this reason, Western Earn points for tracking a less traveling, hence as well as formulating a draw as a lot of good brothers / brothers. Combining with the eclectic casting of principals, it's one I'd recommend, though you have to support some of the jump cuts and thinness bits that I have experienced with my copy.
