According to the latest Cowboy heroes who are on Joel McCrea, Audie Murphy, and Randolph Scott, the author says that Albuquerque was the only movie she personally did not review because she claimed she had lost. Not seen in years. <br /> Good luck for western fans someone did some spring cleaning in Paramount because a print was apparently found and now it's out on the open market. Albuquerque is a very good west too with Scott involved in a family fraud and Uncle George Cleveland. George Cleveland sent for his nephew Randolph Scott with the intention of making him part of his freighting business, central office of fast growing in Albuquerque. Cleveland is more than just a business owner, it is the town's boss that he runs out of a wheelchair. He even has the sheriff in his pocket. Randolph Scott is not a cowboy hero for anything. This includes family retreat when they are bandits. She goes to work for a rival outfit directed by brothers and sisters Russell Hayden and Catherine Craig. <br /> <br /> Cleveland is all sorts of tricks and she even sends for a western Mata Hari to the person of Barbara Britton in his way worm into the trust of rivals. Barbara is great as the homespun vixen who develops his own agenda. <br /> <br /> The Randolph Scott's original home theater was Paramount, where he was the first studio deal he was with. Albuquerque has labeled the last movie he ever made for Paramount and was given a good thing. Note also Lane Chaney, Jr., who is the ruler of George Cleveland, a rather intrude drug in a man and Gabby Hayes, who is just Gabby Hayes. Albuquerque must be loved by Republicans across the nation in 1948 and its wicked prince as a city boss who rules from a wheelchair. There is a Democrat from a wheelchair that made them failures for four presidential elections straight and he was gone. They had high hopes in winning the White House this year, but things went awry and they had to settle for a boss of ersatz to come to Albuquerque. I'm not sure why Cleveland was in a wheelchair since anything really did in it in the draw. I think he was injured and played that part because he had. Always Albuquerque must have had great calls in the gop market.
