Robert Culp (called his "doctor" character ... I think he's a veterinarian or something) and relatives move to a wealthy, low-tax, zero-law law enforcement. Lantern-jaws Culp and his dogs are almost dead when some kids idle neighbors get drunk and "go cruising" in front of him at 60mph. He rushes, charges the children, and suddenly he and his family are victims of a violent and disturbing campaign. <br /> <br /> Marilyn Manson, er, Marlyn Mason instead, plays her fretful, boiling-wife wife, who encourages her not to use violence against her sneering nemeses, and who really just want to move a place with decent utility. But the system is getting Culp now, and it's not about to leave it because of some punk kids and crazy rock and roll music. And we all know what movie people do when the system fails ... (but this is based on a true story, which makes it even better). <br /> <br /> It should be noted that while the villainous villains do have the practice of '70s funk-o-matic "teens" theme music that warns us when they're up to no good, this movie actually ends up treat the same-handedly parentheses (really!). It does not make a great thing out of it. Koudou for that. <br /> In any way, if you like dogs (or at least believe in protecting civil rights, like me), and you love justice and you love fire, and you love justice for the dog by way of fire and you think that the brilliantly strangled people from troubled communities are "too damn soft," then this ethic sticker is up to you. No, it's not really "good," at least not in any sense widely recognized in the word. There is nothing subtle or understated or intelligent on it, it just sort of a PSA feature-length for alertness. He does, however, takes the feeling of some memorable performances in other, dear works. Remember at Frank Miller at the Dark Knight Return when Batman leads the mutants on horseback to claim Gotham City? Remember that the scene of a Christmas story where the book's book book intimidated? Remember how cool this was? Or do you just really hate being looked funny by your neighbors? Yeah, Mon. <br /> Unfortunately, this was a 1973 movie making-for-TV movie that I just got to catch at 4am on my WB local affiliate, and it probably is not destined for DVD release. But after being inspired by this movie, you think I'll just sit here and take it!
