A slippery slide inside a cavernous ice hills sends its three characters to a never-wet-slippery tube that has enough children to unleash even the way mathematicians can be dazzled by the closed gate 2001 section: A Odyssey Space. Miles apart from vision, but it's a great scene of rush and excitement. A magnificent opening sequence also takes place where a squirrel-like critter crater tries to hide his precious acorn. You've probably seen this scene in the trailer, but as it takes its place to start a domino effect when the mountain begins to split and result, an avalanche. The horror just keeps going like the critter tries to surpass the impossible. The movie draws two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and a toothed-toothed slug (John Leguizamo) as they try to emigrate to the south. They found a human baby to adopt and then decided to follow their parents face down to return to them. Together with a slaughtered tiger named Diego (Denis Leary) who intended predator is to bring the baby to his Tiger family, not leading the mammoth and the sloth in a trap. Diego's meat-eating family wants to mimic the most of all, but Diego's learning value in friendship makes it easy that choice is finally done at the end. <br /> <br /> There are fatalities in the world's natural hazards along the journey, including an erupting volcano and a glacier bridge that threatens to dissolve the momentum that is reminiscent of the mansion escape from Shrek. Character gaze about why they're at the Ice Age, while they can call it the Big Chill or the Nippy era. Some characters want for a global warming global warming. Another big line on the maternal issues between girlfriends: `All the big guys never around. People are sensitive to eating. 'Lines line galore, capricious comedy and light-right adventure make this one very easy to watch. Also, food is so rare for the lovely vegetarians that they consider dandelions and cakes as' good food. The vocal talents of Romano, Leguizamo and Leary make good on the people, while the kids will enjoy their antics, the adults will fancy the riffs on their own talent. There are some serious violence and intense content, but children will be jazzed by the excitement and will find one of their early introduction of the old-old fighting in good against evil, and family traditions and friendships are strong thematic links . Animators also make majestic use of fantastic cold landscapes. <br /> <br />
