"Ice Age" is one of the cartoon movies produced by Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 as the first company. We present the main characters: a Scrat called Scrat (voiced by Chris Wedge, AND PLEASE NOTE: The sound of Scrat's scream is the sound of Tom's cry from the cartoon "Tom and Jerry"), a teaser caller Manny (voiced by Ray Romano in "Everyone Loves Raymond"), a sluggish South (voice by John Leguizamo of "Titan AE"), and a tiger toothed tiger called Diego (voice by Denis Leary in Pixar's "Life A Bug "). /> <br /> The movie opens with Scrat trying to bury a acorn and right afterwards, it caused an avalanche. We then see a lot of pigs going south to the Ice Age coming (except for Manny, who will be another way looking for other mammoths that looked like him). South from his yard got up and saw his family abandon it. He then pays tolls and some aardvarks. Unfortunately, she was chased by Sylvia (voiced by Kirsten Johnston in "3rd Rock from the Sun"), a female orange sloth, who wants South to migrate with her. Sid eventually teamed up with Manny, and they became friends. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, near a tribe of people, Soto (voiced by Goran Visnjic), an evil saber toothless tiger, wants to revenge against the tribe's leader for wiping out half of his pack 'Just by stealing her son, Roshan, away from her. In the morning, he, Diego, and Soto's henchmen, Lenny (voiced by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (voice by Diedrich Bader), and Zeke (voice by Jack Black) attack the tribe, but the leader's wife escaped with Roshan e He gave him Manny and Sid to look after. Eventually, Diego joins them and goes on a trip to return to Roshan back to his tribe, who are also looking for him too. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia, and Roshan, the characters are supported in the, including a package of wolves that the Roshan tribe are using, and not to mention a little purple little woman named Jennifer (voice by Jane Krakowski), and a thin yellow girl named Rachel (voiced by Lorri Bagley), whose southern show Roshan as they relax in a deep pit. Behind the two rhinos, Carl (voiced by the Cedric Artist of the PDI "Madagascar"), and Frank (voice by Stephen Rasin of the Pixar "Finding Nemo"), who goes after South for damaging meals and confronting Manny On a cliff, it is simple minor character. Even go for the dodos, who are using melons as food supplies. <br /> The gagts in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny talks to his trunk said, "I do not go!" When Jennifer and Rachel are out in the pit pit, Sid asks Jennifer "What do you say if we fly into the young pool and see what's happening?" Jennifer then responded to him, "What do you say if you go to the TITLE!" Rachel teaches then South envoys in the belt. Sylvia saw Diego holding South in the neck and his teeth, then he asked Sid if he kept his breath, tell Diego to eat it, and promptly walk. <br /> Since "Ice Age" is not only a success, but has 2 suites: the first one was "Ice Age: The Merger", which was released in 2006, and the other was "Ice Age: Dawn of Dinosaurs ", which will be disclosed next year. I can hardly die waiting to see what "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" will be like.
