Featuring Lily Mars was able to provide Judy Garland and one of the easiest roles it had while in MGM because Lily March is definitely a character he could identify with. A young talented girl for ten, she knows she has what she takes to make her in the theater no matter how many producers Van Heflin from her home town discourage her. <br /> I really loved Judy in this one as the girl determined to make it to the theater. Because it is Judy Garland and the talent of Judy Garland at the hearing that she has the right thing though she takes Van Heflin almost the entire movie to be convinced. <br /> <br /> Both Judy and Heflin hail from the same small town, Heflin's father was the city's physician who had rescued him with Heflin while he could move away and become a great producer on Broadway, Mom their respective, fault Bainter and Spring Byington were kept in touch. This entry, but Heflin is still grudgingly with stagestruck kids, but never anyone as good as Lily Mars. No real hit big songs came from featuring Lily Mars for Garland, though she singles all her numbers. The best of the film is a revival of the era of chastnut era, every Little movement has a whole meaning of its own. Judy singing with Connie Gilchrist playing the ladies cleaning in a Broadway theater where Heflin's show was produced. Gilchrist was a star back in the days of the FloraDora girls and she and Judy delivered the song in Grand and Connie style. It is the best scene in the movie as Gilchrist encourages Judy to keep in mind. Composer Karl Hoschna died a long time ago, but lyricist Otto Harbach was still alive and I borrowed what he liked. <br /> <br /> European music star Marta Eggerth is in featuring Lily Mars as the star show of who's first bemused, then angry and finally, understanding of Garland and Heflin. He made a couple of films with MGM and then returned to Europe for more work on the continent. I'm betting MGM did not quite know what to do with it and its thick Hungarian accent, though Louis B. Mayer never met a soprano he does not like. <br /> <br /> Van Heflin does well as patient producers who wear up with a lot from Garland and Eggerth. Heflin was just coming to his Oscar for Johnny's longing year and he and Garland would not appear to be an ideal screen team, but they are not bad together. <br /> Featuring Lily March is a fine show for the talents of Judy Garland. And he did not have to share the screen of another backstage movie with Mickey Rooney.
