I have seen many slaughter many times during the years, and always found it was a fun and sinkher flicker with an odd sense of humor, but I never knew he was filmed in the UK, and I never knew that The actor who plays Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) commits suicide after the movie was released. I guess I've noticed while watching her last night that the actor's phrase seems rather odd to Americans, and a few of them are not very good at hiding the English accents. <br /> <br /> All that aside though, this is the story of the class Nerd, Marty, who is the butt of jokes at his peers, and on a particular day, April Day Day, she was attracted to the girl's locker room by one Caroline Munro (yes, playing a teenager) and shame on the movie. Of course, the coach captures the gang of work & they're all giving a vigorous workout to punish them, but not before a couple of men slip Marty a joint, which he tries to smoke in the chemistry lab, but it's full of a things that make him sick and running in the bathroom, one of his classmates slips in and puts a chemical that reacts with something Marty is blending, which results in a fire and spill into a nitric acid bottle, which leaves poor Marty burning & horribly scarred. Ten years later, this gang is even ruled for class meetings in good old Doddsville high, which seem unusual to rise and inaccessible, but thanks to their intelligence managed to get in and find the place to seemingly abolished ... except there a room where a banquet and liquor is laid out with those of course, they eat, drink, and be happy. For soon, they will die, of course. <br /> <br /> The gang is one-by-one not a face of a jester's mask, but could it be Marty? They do not know, their face is either in a loony bin or works for IBM, they're not sure. But anyone who is, he did a quick job at them. Particularly embarrassing is the girl who takes a bath to wash without cutting it out of one of his classmates whose innards popped all over it when drinking poison beer. It is the victim of an acid bath that I believe may have been one of the parts originally cut off in the tape version, because it seemed extra nasty when I looked it this time. I might be wrong, but I believe that was not on the tape. At any rate, there is a bit of a twist to finish, and that also had not gotten on the tape, I believe. There's also a bit of early nudity on what was also excited, but apart from that I did not really notice if there were other bits on this unknown version, probably so, but it was short since I was last seen. br> <br /> At any speed, if you are a fan of the 80 flack slasher then snap up the new release DVD, because it's a little slasher fun with a good atmosphere & feel it. 7 out of 10.
