This movie was similar to a classic genre genre of cheesy 80s, which is my favorite genre of them all, so when I saw it was free on demand, I watched it! It's star Caroline Munro, from both Dr. Phibes movie (it was his wife who died!), Dracula AD 1972, The Golden Voyage of Sinbad, Captain Kronos - Vampire Hunter, The Spy That Loves Me, Maniac, and Faceless. /> <br /> Carried by people behind Do Not Open Til Christmas and Pieces, Heres thinks me about this ... <br /> It's open on April Fools Day, where a bunch of kids play a Pretty elaborate in the nerd school-promising to have sex in the shower and giving him public humiliation and a face in the bathroom (all during hes hes!). The coach put his stop, but both parties swore revenge. But the cool kids end up burning the nerd alive. <br /> Cut into the future, with its high school th, or think (bwahahha?). Only the invitations were gang burning the kid, and April April (or really, the day before April fool, but the fun starts at night), but they fail to see the coincidence and breakdown from front school until collapsing. Then they finally break through the school and start to storm. <br /> Inside them get food / drink with a little chapel for each of them, each of the lockers and stuff, along with Marty's locker (stanza) and memorized books. They also get old black / caretaker who spends time saying "Oooh Yesser! Yesser! I do not want no problem, master!" and then was killed instantly. Very useless character, but hes always my favorite. <br /> <br /> The movie takes a page from the alien book, in a delicious hinged way that you just have to see! That's when everyone realizes that they're having to die and start freaking out, except for Shirley, who decides it would be best to take a bath in the old school shower at a moment like this. Of course, she poured out with acids and her face dissolved (very cool, your mind) the rest of the night goes as usual, sex, drugs, and Marty kills everyone also wearing a jester mask .. what are the plans? "All we have to do is stay awake and wait until noon Marty will kill you during the day!" Seriously, what he said. Apparently you can only kill at night. But will they survive in the night? Who will live with who will die? And why all their bodies disappear? Rent, buy, or steal this movie to find out! The movie is actually very good, full of shadows (cars do not start, DAMMIT!) And just plain fun slasher. Not to mention they all have names like Carol and Nany and Frank and Joe and Susan. I recommend it to all of you! And, not to mention, she has a dress off! The 1989 cut group is a turn-off of this gem slasher, and that films begin the career of Brad Pitt and Roddy McDowell. <br /> <br /> Favorite scene: 2 people have sex, the guy wants to end but the girl does not. "Talk to my room, Frank !!" she screams "Uh ... tits!" "DIRTIER!" "Tits ... Tits Tits .. Tits .. F * ck It looks like it works with her biggest point, the killer the electrocutes both!
