High sheep start like any other day in high school Doddsville where little minx Carol Manning (deceiving Caroline Munro) deceived resident Nerd Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) in the small locker rooms where he told him to get the strip off of the shower while doing this Carol's gang of friends comes in & gives Marty's now nude a big surprise as his movie as she's sticking herself down the girls' bathroom to the crazy day jokes. The school coach (Marc Smith) saves martyts & punishes the gang that rather stifles martyred, they decide to play another trick on him only this time to get out of hand & Marty is caught in an explosion & there nitric acid splashes on his face. Years later & the whole gang invited to a class meeting at the school now closed, they all came to discover they are the only ones there. They all venture inside where they quickly learn they are not the only ones as Marty is back & there's revenge on your head ... <br /> <br /> Origins injection under the Day of the Madness notice that they have changed Probably because of another slasher movie called The Day of the Day of the Fool (1986), this year the same American American co-production is strange in having three credited writers & directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra & Peter Litten ( After having never seen a movie with three credits the Director I saw now two in one week the other being Jean-Claude Van Kickers Kickboxer (1989)) & I must say I really rather loved Slaughter High even if it seems to be a very bad reputation. One of the things I like about the script is that it is a pure flashlight unashamed sashher, it does not try to be anything else & it just accepts the genre rules, short trading & trappings & play up to them. Basically he delivers what he promises, a homicide killer, blood, saint & bab. I thought the character was well, the story was OK though it's just an excuse to get a load of youth inside an isolated location so some assassins can hit them at one at a time and I actually liked the twist to finish as well that is also something for which secondary kill gets a lot of flakes for. The first half starts a little slower, but the second half moves together at a rate of knots as there is one capture to kill after another. Some of the situations and responses of character make little sense, but the same can be said in just about any movie ever made so who's complaining? <br /> Despite the three high kill kredits turned out pretty good, I liked the look of the movie very much. The radiation insulation school made for a really atmospheric location and look good, the musicians are thrown into a thunderstorm as well and there's some beautiful photography especially at the end of which there are so many impressive endless long-term stedicam vaccine vaccine that follows the Carol Several school corridors tired. While not particularly stylish it certainly looks nice enough and is professionally done. Some good throat here includes burning bodies, melted with acid, impalings, abdominal bladder, ax in face and death by lawn as well as someone drowning in fecal matter down a drain! The special effects are also better than one would expect & I was both impressed and pleased with the higher than the counties expected. <br /> <br /> Technically the movie is better than I expected & beat the little little crap crap that gets released today, I'd think it was budgeting to give it to itself though. Supposedly placed in America was very obviously shot in England. Harry Manfredini composed another note that sounds exactly like all his other music notes & is basically the same as the theme of the 13th Friday (1980) & it's the end. Anyone living here in the UK will probably recognize Billy Hartman who played Frank as a regular at Emmerdale Farm (one of our top-rated soap opera nations) in which he plays Terry Woods! While most horror fans will recognize the sexy Caroline Munro in a very rigorous role. Legend exploitation producer Dick Randall made the title on Slaughter High & actually appeared in the movie as a porn movie producer ... talking about typecasting! You can also see a poster for the misconceptive piece of piece (1982) which he also produced behind him in his office. <br /> <br /> High Slaughter is a slasher movie that I loved so much, did you see that? I did not say it was great I actually said I liked it on a personal level and I'm sure the predictable plot & lack of history probably put the lot so I can not recommend it but I can say I liked it , do what you want. Make sure you look the uncut version if you ever decide you want to check it out. If you're not a fan of the slasher flashlight genre then Slaughter High will not change your mind, but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher then you might do a lot worse than this.
