God bless the Slasher 80 movie. This is a fun, fun movie. This is the movie slasher all over. Now I'm not telling horror movies, just flaming slasher. It goes like this: A high school nerd was picked up by those stupid jocks and cheerleaders, and then one of the pranks went horribly wrong. Defined and back for revenge, sporting a Joker / Jester mask (beautiful creepy looking, might I add), Marty starts killing at those young ones one by one many years later, after she managed to believe that she was old Abandoned adults have a reunion. That is basically the plot? What's wrong with that? That's the beauty of the 80 slasher movie, most of them I might say. A lot of things might be so ridiculous, but they keep your designs more of a 'as they go through. Especially this movie. <br /> It features some outrageous killings, and some are quite creative as well. (poisoning in a beer case, acid bath, I can not remember a spear ever used before any other slasher film) It's really a fun, fun movie. That's all it is. Nevermind the fact that the characters are complete idiots, never mind their sort, and never mind the outrageous things, randomly reaching this movie. Like light that can be controlled by the killer (when it does not even change any button, you will see) and the toilets could cough off, the baths could have acid from them, just use it as part of your leisure! Because what really makes it fun. <br /> <br /> Movies like this represent the 80 slasher. Never again could such movies be made, know why? It's not 80 years old. That's why you should just take care of these, good fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a hardcore fan of Slahsers like Friday 13th. A recent note this movie also has a wicked ass kick as well, Marty Rantzen. A definite, nerd, who kills all his old enemies in a creepy management mask. A good villain makes a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty apparently committed suicide shortly after Slaughter High was released. That alone adds something creepy into the movie, and sticks to it and even makes you feel more sorry for Marty's character, I guess. All in great 80 fun slashers! It's a shame it will never be the same again ...
