I've heard this film was a study of art a photographer in the field by presenting the beauty of the natural landscape deconstructed. She has certainly shown worker activity to find places, configuration shots, and capturing style images that have final destinations being art studio worldwide. Put together in moving his picture truly a horror show. <br /> <br /> This movie oozes by you to boost the shock of horrible images and gentle waves of a wonderful industrial band that guides you to love on slow moving rivers. Each sequence stands on its own, but in combination you get deeper and deeper into the feeling inevitable overwhelming. There are some words, allowing the magnitude of what shows they preach in its own way. A terrible, massive factory filled with otomat people who live in their hopeless hopes. People die early while rummaging for reclining reclamation in our e-waste hills. The shipment of huge ships and their destruction by the great magic. The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in human history and luck ever. Time the mistake as a city is dead and it is simultaneously reborn in a modern copy that aims to destroy all the relics of the culture. The most stressful image for me was a dam engineer who explained that the most important function of the dam was flood control. The shot range in the song behind the spokesperson where you witness the level of the last flood by the toxic water that has eaten the bark from the trees, demonstrating that nothing but the most hideous vermin can live in the waters. The obvious thing is not stated is far more powerful than your normal preachie Save the Earth documentaries. The artist Edward Burtynsky explains the beautiful method. 'Do not say what you should see ?? Many people today sit in a comfortable place where you do not necessarily want to give up what we have, but we realize what we're doing to create problems that run deep. It's not a good or something simple. It needs a whole new way of thinking '. This subtlety goes down to either a / or proposal, but the movie images call that the decision has been much done in favor of the dark side. Even if never stated directly in any way, as the wave of what you witnessed washed away your consciousness and you gaze, there is one possible conclusion ?? we finished. The progress of humanity that is inexorable from our nature leaves behind carnage that this artist finds outrageous. What it is actually capturing are the tracks in our lemmings to sound unknowingly towards our own crush. Unlike most films and environmental themes, this one ends with no calls to arms. It basically discusses what's on the point, but makes sure you put the blame well on all of you equally.
