This is a documentary that came from the splendid work of a Canadian landscape photographer whose interest has long been in the ravages of the earth by the excavations or buildings of people. It starts with a vast factory complex stacked with people making a great variety of little things, parts of high-tech equipment presumably; It does not really make it very clear. The emphasis is on how great the place is and how many people are and how they're harped around outside of small yellow jackets. The movie also shows the photographer working on a tall structure to make a stand still in the array of people outside the factory, and talking to his crew as he does. This is a world of relentless industrialization. It is a lesson relief that these similar images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case of Nikolaus Geyrhalter's Glyutfully cold document on the food industry, 'our daily bread.' 'Landscapes manufacturer' has images of people looking for e-waste and a city (many cities, really) being wiped by the biggest dam ever, with a single trademark shot of a girl in debris in clean neighborhood to eat out in a bowl using a pair of chopsticks almost bigger than it is. Some of these scenes, even having miserable workers pay slaves in dangerous and toxic places, might have been shot down memorably by Prime Minister Sebastião Salgado's photographer. But this photographer is not as interested in seeing people up close. His orientation places him somewhere in between Salgado and the cold, neutral landscape landscape in Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> All this happens in China, of course, though there are earlier black and white footage of the photographer working around a huge boat construction site in Bangladesh. It was backed by music in a New Age Industrial style that is alternately soothing and oppressive. There is a lot of good blessings from the photographer's work - or were some of them made by the movie crew? It was not clear. <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the name of the photographer. We see people lost in the display of their beautiful work - great dramatic imagery of image compactly watched pictures of color camera with a beautiful glow. Ironie is that Burtynsky makes these unique and glorious pictures of places that are essentially dried, and the ordinary eye are dispiriting and boring. She admits herself that she has no political standing. When we compare his idols and those caught by the eye to roaming at Peter Mettler's cinema photographer, Burtynsky's work is almost the same amount of glorification, and hence fakes. But he shows us where that, if we look carefully, reveal all the dark stories of havoc and negligence no matter how finely fabricated the pictures they can. <br /> <br /> Lojikman, but not entirely fortunate, it is Burtynsky whose voice-overs relate most of the movie as it chains on various sites. The Epiphanies Burtynsky can inspire his decade to work fine, but the amount of anything but truisms on how we are changing the irreparable planet; They depend on oils, which will run out; China has entered the game of massive industrialization late, and thus can burn out early and reduce fossil fuel. Interest in 'Manufactured Landscapes' would be more if new imminent ideas were accompanied. The reasons for watching it are two: to see Burtynsky's works and raw material, his visits and stories are very well; and to observe the vast, awesome, daunting, and rather industrialized anxiety scenes of modern China. <br /> Because of the boundaries of the narration, the idea of ​​title 'manufactured Landscape' feels inefficiently developing. It even looks like a misnomer. New landscapes, but are byproduct of manufacturing rather than "manufactured." The 'Waste Landscape' or 'Wasted Country' might be the best title. There are many rooms left in this documentary for more intellectual work to seek out film on this intriguing topic; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky might do better to push books or exhibits.
