As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley being in this flick, I said "I have to watch this movie". It's the main character Context, Domino, a bounty hunter. It "works", such as "no action" scene would teach us, reflect rebels, violence in life. I must admit that it's the very first time that I watch an action movie with the most important scenes being one of the distant but character guns. So this stomped me a bit. Anyway, for all fans of John Woo, there are helicopters falling down, explosions, bullets as if it were raining, with a beautiful Keira that shoots with two machine guns, one for each hand. Throw is absolutely brilliant. Going beyond Keira, which in this film is a real tomboy, very much different from the face of the beautiful action we see to see, Mickey Rourke is back, and usual calm-throwing his face with his potent body. Christopher Walken does his job very well, as a producer shows reality. Let's go to this: This movie has a form of journalism. The show show scene is "disgustingly" real. Anyone who looks at the charge. . . you-know-what, can say that this is the time that you are breathing in such situations. As well as the producer, when Mom Domino says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "rubbish; there is no offense", he replied "I do not take it as an offense". This movie shows a tough life. Domino, from a world that did not want it, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter "not so bounty", Choco (the third guy in the group), which family is (using words Ed a), the "correctional institute known", and Alf, driver / bomber from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. These bunches are represented in some manner of humanity "without the shirt"; sick, violent, and nothing to lose, except (as they would consider) life miserable. Intro in the movie says it is "inspired by true story ... more or less", so I could not possibly tell you how much of this thing is true. Anyway, go beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could "add" to make the movie easier to see, and be classified as a movie action), the characters' stories are too realistic to be "edulcorated" . <br /> <br /> The interaction between the characters is various, well-studied, and definitely not boring. What was not convinced me so much is the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, moderate as never in his acting career). It represents the only reason Domino begins to tell his story (and is a story). Probably, the only "con", in a movie and a lot of "advantages". <br /> <br /> All in all: This is not "SWAT". Characters are manufactured; They have an identity, a form. They have a name and a name (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). It's the case they say, it's the biography of a girl whose life goes as fast as a bullet.
