Warning Warning: I am sure someone will accuse me of playing the race card here, but when I saw the preview for this movie, I thought "Finally!" I have yet to see a movie about popular African-influenced dance (Be it popular hip hop moving, breaking, or quitting) where the main character was a Black Woman. I saw an excessive amount of cinema in which a non-black woman knew nothing about hip hop coming fresh into the hood and doing a bit of work in it (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save The Last Dance, Step Up) , but black woman in the movie is almost nonexistent. This always affects me considering hip hop, African-influenced dance, and crush tea with Black and Latinos in massive amounts of these particular sets and it did not always make people, so I felt that The movie was a long time coming. However, the race does not make the movie, so I also wanted it to carry a credible plot; The dance must be fun; and interesting to watch. <br /> Why did I really enjoy this film bearing Jamaican culture. I can not remember ever seen a popular, mainstream movie where all the main characters were Jamaican; has been credible accent; and have not been stereotyping with the beanies. Steppers, family, friends, and even the "thugs" were all really smart, realistic people who tried to love, live, and survive in the neighborhood they did in doing something positive. Even when the audience announced that the main character's sister chose an alternate life, she still did not make the stereotype scheme. I was satisfied with the way he described. I liked the treat; The romantic relationship of flirty is going on between two steppers; The trials that the parent's main character went through; and how he faced with coming back to his old neighborhood, he cope with crab in a barrel. I respect that it was so clever and active at the same time, and many other systems in the film were touching themselves in the stage world. They were all just as excellent as the fellas. I do not see that in movies too much nowadays, at least not those who would consider Black Movie. <br /> <br /> Account: I'm not quite sure why the directors or anyone who put the movie together did this, but I wonder if they were in real-stage shows. Whenever the steppe was ready to do, some hip hop songs would play in place to beat their hands / foot beat. At a real stage show, there are zeros needed for music, other than perhaps entertain the crowds in between groups. Then, when hip hop songs were played, sometimes beat in the song went to the beat of the steps and the legs. It was awkward. I was more impressed with the resignation of this film against the "Stomp Yard" (another great childhood film) because the women arrived to represent as bad as the guys (in the "Stomp yard," Meagan Bon got all of a few seconds of some twirl prissy and flip hair and (deltas?) leave out a song and a few steps and were cut immediately). Even though there were very few scenes, the ladies tore him up, especially in the auto shop, and was without all that music to wip out their physical music. I know soundtracks to be sold, but as films may have played music in other parts of the movie. <br /> I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so every time I saw her, all I kept thinking was "Does he write in the script so he always puts his hands on his hip when he talks? " She looks comfortable on my screen. I thought they should have used an army like free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis was funny as usual though. Also, I groaned when I found that the film was supposed to be in the ghetto, such as leaving could not possibly happen elsewhere. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a couple of people were described as too ignorant because of neighborhoods and losers, which mainstream movies tend to do. <br /> I would have given this movie five stars, but play the music to kill her for me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes out and hopefully the bonus scenes will include the real stage show without all the songs.
