ALL SPOILERS: <br /> I really'm in the minority on this one but I loved this movie. It's not a classic but it's definitely involved and quite a well-fed adrenaline ride. I definitely thought it was worth at least a rating 7. Perhaps the reason I loved it is because I have not seen the original. One thing tells me that with a movie like this read Most fans will be the ones who have not seen the original version and so they have little to compare it to. This was not a masterpiece, but I did get into it quite a lot and it actually makes me want to see the original. <br /> There are some things I liked about it. One was filed in Kowalkski. Viggo Mortenson was superb and really carried a lot of charisma in the role. Since the bulk of the film falls on his shoulder, he really needs to be excellent and it was. This was a big role for her. Another interesting thing about Vansishing point was the fact that he did for TV. I had no idea this was the case when watching it. It certainly seemed like a bigger motion picture and I would never have guessed this was not a huge screen release. <br /> I also found the story to be very absorbed. I'm not alone for movie action but I was sucking in this. Plus it was a lot more then a movie action in which there were drama, mystical, a love story, original people all the way you turned. (I did not even recognize Priestly.) And he touched. This was not a big movie but it is look. <br /> Then there's the finish. It packs a strong kick and if someone has been involved in the story up to that point, it's very hard not to be transfixed to the very end. I'm not sure how I feel about the finish. The implication was that Kowalkski survived and though I am very skeptical of how it would be possible, it is a movie and realism is not an ingredient that's always in the mix when making a movie. I should say I found the incredibly unrealistic end but very touched by a manipulative type of way, which I do not usually love, but for some reason, is almost forgiving in this movie. Admittedly, a lot of things were just props for the plot (could the bandits were yet stereotyped?) But the musicians got a lot right though they had lots of evil as well. However, he said, I'll admit I can understand why someone who is a big fan of the original would hate this version because, even though I did not see the original, I saw many original movies I liked being remade with terrible results. (My great flu is actually following.) But I can understand the ratings if the original is in the high quality. <br /> <br /> People have compared this smoky with the bandit. How about a road version of "legendary autumn" to satisfy "Thelma and Louise" as well? I certainly felt touch in both films (both of which I'm a fan of.) I do not think however, that this was a great movie. It was better then my average, but far from big. But it was an absorbed, adrenaline fueled, handling film and excellent casting of the main character. My vote is 7 of 10.
