The Canadian film director Cari Skogland's Margaret Laurence novel Angel Angel Ellen Burstyn is Hagar Shipley, a proud and cantankerous woman approaching her nineties who want to remain independent until the end of her life, stubbornly refusing to be put in A home retirement home is well-meaning Marvin's son. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and placed in the fictional city of Manawaka, the Stone Angel is a simple and conventional interpretation of the book that has required reading in Canadian high class grades for nearly half a century. The title of the film comes from the stone statue built on Agar's mother tomb which serves as a metaphor for Agar's inability to express emotions throughout his tumultuous life. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor to the role, but it's a bit too much to achieve ego-driven, self-defeating character who managed to alienate his wealthy father, well-meaning husband, but alcohol, and both of his sons his. As he was near the end of his day, he reflected that "my proud descent was with the devil that led me to have fear, I was alone, never anything else, and never free, because I brought my chains to me, and they were scattered from me and shipped all I touched. " Confronted having spent his last day in a nursing home, Hagar looks back in his life and looks at his failed relationship, his recollection of flagship without voice -over narratives. The story begins with a dance that he attended as a young girl. Chaperone by Dolly Aunt, and meeting her future husband, Bram Shipley was already married (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation sullied because of his association with the American Indian population. The young Hagar played by Christine Horne is outstanding in her first feature role. Despite Hagar's plagiarism, his relationship with Bram is rejected by his cold and rigid father who refuses to attend the wedding beginning the wedding off on the wrong foot. This invaded by leaving his money in the city of Manawaka, condemned young couple in a life of poverty. <br /> <br /> Go to the motions of her marriage to Bram, Hagar removed from social activities prevented being rejected by the upper class city. When he produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), he can not afford the love they need. "All the joy I could have kept in my hands or any kid in my or even the morning light morning," she reflects, "all forced to be a place by some breaks in proper appearance? When I ever talked true heart? "Like Biblical Hagar who ran into the wilderness because he could not tolerate more of his pride, Hagar Manwaka leaves live in Ontario but eventually returns to the Shipley field. As the scene back to present, Agar runs to a abandoned home that he remembers from his infancy to escape from being placed in a nursing home by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy), here he met a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who takes an interest in it and forces him to look and take responsibility for the mistakes he has made in his life. The Stone Angel pulls all emotional stops but never fully develops its character to the point where I felt any stake in the story's story, although the frustrating performance by Ellen Page as the epic devoted but naive and moving the final stage brings a new energy in the second half of the film.
