I was surprised at just how much I enjoyed this most thoughtful dramatic delivers, which evolves in its 6.6 rating rating, it almost missed; as I rarely give time to day in any rated movie below 7/10. Having said that, I'm so glad I gave Stone Angel look at her much deserving. So, you should, if you are one of the sensitive, sensitive and kind thinking of the inhabitants of this earth in living forms. <br /> I must say that in many ways (though not all) to see. Its terms, execution, style, production etc., Stone Angel many remind me of the great praise "Notebook". I am surprised that other commentators did not gather on the many similarities that repeatedly struck me throughout this movie, so I can only assume that people who wrote comments have yet to see the notebook. They can not share any Alzheimer's theme, but I can confidently say that if you enjoy the "Notebook" much you will certainly get plenty of time to engage in the fruit and the "Stone Angel". But even if you have not seen the cottage, or read the book on which this based motion, (which, incidentally, I do not have either) you should definitely get much to keep your attention well - as long as genres Your favorite does not include fast-paced action rhythm. This is a film for thinkers and those who love to reminisce on passing the time, how life changed as the years passed, and what might happen in one life as a gazes back in the years. <br /> <br /> This bizarre mixed yet big movie really deserves a rating of about 8/10. I can only blame its rating now low rating at 6.6 / 10 on 11% of the idiots who gave it 1/10. After all, he attracted less than 300 votes at the time of writing me this comment. However, if these 11% people gave it the lowest possible possible they were really hoping to chases cars and explosions why they did not look ... for even a few seconds of the movie line and promotional lines? Oh love ... Whatever the world is coming, do not miss this gem bite in a movie - but only * if * you have a brain (ie, ten yourself does not include Transformers, Fight Club nor the Terminator).
