I'm surprised at how this film (and most others have an average of 5 stars and lower when there are crappy movies averaging 7 to 10 stars on IMDb. The fanboy's mood hits again. And this movie came out just about everyone I was very happy to see this film and I found myself enjoying it.Every laughs quite a bit. This and the Replacement Killers are movies that featured Antoine Fuqua's label director as the Black Michael Bay I do not see how since most of Fuqua's movies are smarter than anything Michael Bay has come up with ... At any rate ... <br /> <br /> History: Alvin Sanders (Jamie Foxx) is the former convict who is used by a no-story Edgar Trumpet (David Morse) as a planner to catch an assassin called Bristol (Doug Hutchinson). Each Alvin movement is being tracked by an implant insect jaw him after an accident. While these agents are following Bristol, Bristol is after the gold bricks taken from an heir to the Jami erudite And Foxx is funny as well as great as Alvin Sanders. Alvin is a reminder rapeller that is a lot smarter than it allowed on. Doug Hutchinson is just like Bristol. It may be over-the-top sometimes sometimes in his John Malkovitchesque. It was best here than it was like Looney Bin Jim in Punisher: War Zone. David Morse is a good thing like the hard agent silver treasurer. Even Mike Epps is funny as Alvin's brother Stevie. Both of them, Jamie had some funny moments on the screen. The only flaw in the movie is some of the attempts at a thrilling thriller season. The scenario of the horse race track is way over-the-top but I could not look away. The director goes all out and gets the point. Plus the Sonic scene and the treasure agent tied to a chair while the detonator rests on the door was very diligent. All of Bait is not a bad movie by a long shot. It's never boring, it's still funny and I did not check my watch every minute. That should count for something. Laughter is one of the most disruptive movies in the 2000 period. PS: For the review that this movie is too violent .... How long have you lived under a rock? I'm pretty sure you've seen the Hard Hard series with each film by Quentin Tarantino. But these movies are not violent right? Weirdo.
