Airport '77 begins as a brand new luxury 747 aircraft loaded with valuable paintings and such devices to a rich businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart), which flies them & a bunch of VIP to his estate in the preparation of the offer to the public as a museum, is also on board Stevens Daughter Julie (Quinlan) and her son. Luxury liner takes off as planned, but the air jet greeting stolen by a second pilot chambers (Foxworthy) and its two accomplice Banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataka) which knock passenger & crew of sleep gas, they plan to steal valuable Shipping & land on an abandoned flat strip on an isolated island, but by doing his Chambers descent almost stumbles on an oil rig in the ocean and lose control of the aircraft to send him crashing into the sea, where it sinks to the bottom right explosion in the heart of the Bermuda triangle. With air in short supply, water leaking in and flying more than 200 miles off course to mount challenges to those who have survived, they are waiting for help with time quickly run out ... <br /> <br /> Also known under several different tile airport in 1977 is the second sequel smash hit thriller airport disaster (1970) was directed by Jerry Jameson, and while once again, as it predecessors, I can not tell, airport '77 any kind of forgotten classic is amusing, though not necessarily for the right reasons. I've seen so far, I really liked this one the best of the three films the airport, simply. He has a favorite story of the three with a good mid-stealing air and then crash (he does not see the rig?) And the sinking of 747 (perhaps the creators tried to cross the original airport other popular disaster period Poseidon wave of the Adventure (1972)) and the submerged where he still end up with a stunning dilemma facing those who have trapped inside, or suffocate when the air is over 747 or drowning flood, or if any of the doors are open and it's a decent idea that could make for a great short film natural x reduction, but bad unsympathetic character, stupid dialogue, sluggish set-pieces and the lack of a real danger or suspense or tension means that this is a missed opportunity. Although fairly sluggish plot keeps one entertained for 108-plus minutes is not much going on after the plane sinks and there is not much urgency, I thought that there should be. Even if the fleet is involved things do not pick up that much with a few arrows of huge ships and helicopters flying, but there is something missing here. George Kennedy as an airline employee jinxed Joe holder returns, but only gets a couple of scenes, and almost did not even say anything, preferring to simply look worried in the background. <br /> <br /> home video and theatrical version of Airport '77 to work 108 minutes while the American version of the TV to add an extra hour of footage, including new opening credits sequence, a lot more scenes with George Kennedy as the cartridges, flashbacks to flesh character longer rescue scenes and opening or even a couple of bodies including the navigator. While I would love to have these additional shots, I'm not sure that I could sit through almost three hours cut Airport '77. As expected, the film from bad horrible fashion and interior design choice, I will not say more than the other model the effects of a toy plane is not great either. Together with two other extensions of the airport it takes pride of place in the Hall of Shame Razzie Awards, although I can think of many worse movies than this, so I think this is a little harsh. Scenes a little surly, unfortunately, the pace is slow and not much excitement or stress is generated, which is a shame, because I think it might be a very good film, if done correctly. <br /> <br /> production values ​​in the order, if nothing special. Actions are not large, two-time Oscar winner Jack Lemmon said, because it was a mistake to star in it, once Oscar winner James Stewart looks old and frail, as well as one time Oscar winner Lee Grant looks drunk while Sir Christopher Lee is given little to do and there are many other familiar faces to look out for too. <br /> <br /> Airport '77 is the most disaster-oriented of the three films the airport and still I liked the idea behind it, even if they were a bit silly, production and fresh direction does not help, though, and the film about the sinking of jet just should not be this boring or dull. Following The Concorde ... Airport 79 (1979).
