When I was little, my parents took me to the theater to see the interiors. It was one of the many movies that I watched with my parents, but it was the only one we came from. Since then, I have never seen Interiors, until very recently, and I could live the rest of his life without it. What a pretentious, awkward and painfully boring piece 70 wine and cheese scar. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors, by far the worst piece of shit in his career. In a certain style of Bergman, Allen gives us a dark corner, muffled, insight into the life of the family, which is applied to the psychological harm caused by divorce, alienation, career, love, dislike, bad smell from the mouth, whatever. The film is deliberately not a comic, no music, and bathed in a ghostly pathos. This style of film can be best defined as expressionist in nature, using improvised dialogue method, implying "a more pronounced depth of meaning and truth." But Woody Allen Sun Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and boring. But other than that, I just did not have any relation to or sympathy for any of the characters. Instead, I felt nothing but contempt for this parade shuffling, whining, nicotine stained martyrs in the eternal quest for identity. Against the background of wealth and a cosmopolitan background baked Brie intellectual history emerges as a fart in the room. Everything speaks in platitudes affected and elevated language between cigarettes. Each "lost" and "struggling", desperately trying to find a direction or understanding or something, and it just goes on and on to the point where you just want to slap them all. It's never about the resolution, it is just about endless introspective babble. It is not nothing but a psychological drama, taken to the extreme of the ability to connect the audience. Woody Allen decided to make the characters so immersed in ourselves, we feel left out. And for this reason I found this film very painful indulgent and spiritually draining. I see what he's going to, but his persistence in promoting its messages through Prozac prose and distorted methods of film crosses him past the point of relevance. I highly recommend this if you feel too happy and you need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's just pretend that this film has never been.
