The summer season is here, if the choice of cinemas are limited to what the hottest movie of the week, given the 99.9% of screens are dedicated to shield him. OK, so I exaggerate a percentage, but you get my drift. In addition, the material from Hollywood, Bollywood also have their share of the long-awaited blockbuster, and some of the trailers shown, I'm hyped to watch them. Tashan has been declared as one of the most anticipated in 2008, but I was very surprised by the lower than low turnout in theaters. When I looked Jodha Akbar, it was a full house, but it was not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After the viewing, I knew why. It was interesting, but it was fundamentally weak. Just as a literal English title, which means "Style», Tashan virtuosity, but little substance. Not that he does not have a normal star, but felt compelled to stage, and some bordered with a little funny, even I have to say Bollywood standards. Which is very strange, given that Tashan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I enjoyed tremendously. <br /> <br /> In his debut directorial outing with Tashan, while you can not blame him for direction, you're probably scratching your head over the plot, which was awkward at best. He tried to force too many things in history, but to give credit where it let you prospect to question the nature of motivation, but it came too late, and only to the finale that will leave you guessing for a moment before it snapped into full-scale actions, imitating numerous Thai fighter, with Hong Kong and installing inappropriate firearms and weapons of Hollywood shootout with zero impact. And in an attempt to include everything, including the kitchen sink, you have a range of vehicles that are, and the one that took the cake in Dhoom 2 respect, was jetski boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> in the best case, Tashan can be used as an unintentional comedy, and it's due to the way the cast hammed with their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive that provides English learning, but as a platform for fishing with a new girlfriend material. His playboy way of getting kicks aside when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not quite who she appears to be good-natured and sweet-natured beauty. She engaged the services of Jimmy for his boss, thug Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably gets the most laughs as he says in broken English and phrases should like how ah bang it does. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate thug for hire, which are secured by Bhaiyyaji track down Jimmy and the Pooja, when they run away with the money stolen from Bahiyyaji business. <br /> <br /> So begins the road trip family, with friends who have turned enemies and enemies become friends you know how the road trip is on. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most improbable of all, because it goes from zero to hero, performing the steps that would be a shame Rambo, in absolutely no time, which is very out of character. Kareena Kapoor amp up sex factor as she uses her charm to trick a man, and there are many opportunities to do so, given the much touted bikini scene and other outfits that boast sinking expressions or Hemlines way above the knee. Each character has a backstory is created, and I thought, Akshay Kumar Panda Bachchan was probably the best, most touching and the most fun of the party, even though his character seemed much like a non-green Incredible Hulk with his challenge gravity jumps and packing power punches. His wounds heal and automatically that clearly put Wolverine shame. And the best part of his song, which is a heck of an alpha male and played in ra-ra mode every time he takes on an opponent. <br /> <br /> But unfortunately, this is the only tune that is remembered, what amuses «Bachchan- Bachchan panda panda." For most Bollywood films I watch, I tend to be able, in spite of the explicit language gaps arise from dropping out humming a tune or two. I was not able to do so after Tashan, because the songs, unfortunately, were simply not catchy at all. Usually the procedure song / dance well in the storyline without having to bring the characters of the current scene or location. What I like, compared to plucking them and plonking them in extreme high settings on a mountain top or in the top of the jagged rocks at the seaside. <br /> <br /> Tashan, probably, do not take yourself too seriously, but based on the story of Vijay Krishna Acharya, you probably want something a little more dignified, and not funny, and continuity to be a little more cautious as well. Billed as a blockbuster, now I can start to understand why the crowd has avoided this. Despite Akshay Kumr eclipsing, Tashan would be better as a whole.
