View Kareena Kapoor in the two-piece bikini on common things that wakes you from sleep while watching Tashan ?? mega disappointing intoxicating new film in theaters this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies, and we see some every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. Terrible, because he takes his audience for granted, terrible because the filmmakers expect to leave without a plot or any common sense just because they have a big movie star onboard.Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what you describe as a road movie, but one that takes place in all the wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan stars as Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive who is hired to teach English Bhaiyyaji - this Anil Kapoor plays an ambitious bandit the UP, desperate to keep cool. Jimmy's got his eye on Puja, pretty young assistant gangster (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses his boss Jimmy fraud 25 crore. Determined to recover their money, but also to punish Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted henchman to do the job. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Panda, loyal assistant gangster from Kanpur, Tracking criminals and restore the stolen money, that are hidden throughout the length and breadth of country.Much like the bad eightieth trash, Tashan also sealed worn script in the middle vendetta portion. But treatment is so over-the-top, so condescending, that he can not establish any connection. Instead slender script or a traditional three-act structure, you get a few set pieces, around which most of the scenes freely designed. This catchy song of the village in the desert, bullet-dodging action scenes in Rajasthan fort, Kareeena bikini time, even a ridiculous climatic action scene complete with a Shaolin monk, water scooter zipping across the muddy naala, and believe it or not, even Dhanno style horse-Tonga traction. In fairness, not all of these set pieces are poorly made - item song in the desert pretty neat actually - but very little that makes sense in the larger picture, because you just from one piece to another, without any help from the script Indeed. Not only do you wait for the seemingly fast-paced road muv to find sickeningly sentimental memories of his childhood track sweethearts.You see the problem with Tashan anyone associated with this film did not know what movie they were doing. Moreover, I do not think they cared either - the film smacks of arrogance. Arbitrarily packing in elements of each genre does not actually try to stop and see if the mix does the job, like Tashan digested stew.There are films that are killing you softly, and then there are Tashan, a movie that kills you with a vengeance. Snazzily packaged with a satin finish camcorder operation, exotic places and carnival costumes, each frame of the film is likely to cost lakhs to put together, but it still feels like a hollow portion in the end because the story does not take place. Borrowing from Tarantino narrative and style of Stephen Chow does not help, because they do not mix with the finest plot of the film. You can complain a little less, when the characters are more attractive, but the grating Hinglish dialogue Anil Kapoor makes you want to slit his wrists, and Saif Ali Khan rummages through the film like a fool, unable to find his feet. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, the queen is top delivery, does a decent job. But, of course, if Tashan will be saved to some extent, this is due to the overwhelming presence of Akshay Kumar and his spontaneous approach to the character. You twists when he repeatedly cupping his crotch, and frowns when he delivers the ambiguity of the dialogue, but never for a moment you can not take your eyes off the screen when he there.Despite to good music from Vishalshehar songs it seems that they only extend their suffering. Well, that's because Tashan is a test of your patience. If you do not know, Tashan means style. I am sorry to say that this film is not.
