Masters of Horror: Screwfly solution begins America airborne infection by a virus that affects the male population when awakening people indiscriminately kill any woman in sight, apparently, in the name of God. Scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) submits to the Government and knows more than most, and perceives the situation may have gone too far already so he says to his wife, Anne (Kerry Norton), to take their teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) & try to survive as mankind's future may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian American co-production was the episode 7 of season 2 masters Horrror TV series, directed by Joe Dante I thought, Screwfly decision was pretty bad. I personally think that the scriptwriter Sam Ham sucks, it takes itself too seriously, and I do not understand why this part of the Masters of Horror series, the horror, the filmmakers are going for in Screwfly Solution is in itself a true story and the theme and ideas it educates, not the on-screen visual horror particularly sparse ecological message that it sees the goal to ram down our throats, when he gets a chance for this short 60 odd minutes of run time that I felt the most was the problem, as a thing simply It ends with what one would l GKO interpreted as a necessity rather than any significant attempt to wrap things up. I was not happy with the inconsistency with the history or when people are killed only when sexually aroused, why the flight attendant accidentally break the neck of the woman on the plane? whether he was sexually excited, I do not think so. Why every guy then think that he kills in the name of God? I just can not see every guy on Earth, suddenly knowing the Bible and come to believe in God, I just found the concept funny and the show also makes it clear that there is nothing religious about what is happening so that the transaction with each thinking they is divine, to kill any woman that they see? Then there's the fact people get turned on different things about gays example? Will they kill the guy instead of women? I know that there is a short scene in which jokes with gay issue, but it is convenient brush on one side, and then there is the thing that annoys me the most. The fact that every man allegedly on the ground turned out to be crazy and killed all the women, they go about their daily activities, like nothing ever took place, it just felt so stupid, then sketches debris and round things have an ending that looks, as it was taken from the rejected episode The X-Files (1993 - 2002). with bright neon aliens <br /> <br /> Director Dante on this indicator, of course, does not qualify as a master of horror, how far I am concerned, the history of bad go, it's just so silly, given that the game is directly and fatally instead of trying to make a good horror show, it turns into a thriller, with its lethal virus on the loose situation and follow the mother and daughter on the run because of this, there is very little in the way of what I would call effective horror and even less gore. There's a scene where a woman knife broken bottle, a short scene after when the guy plunges his smell with said bottle and the other a knife woman in her stomach, but nothing to write home about. <br /> <br /> Technically, like other episodes, it's very good and it does not look cheap television series, the special effects are great, as usual, and it is well done. Actions in order, but no one really did not stand out. <br /> <br /> Screwfly solution is easily the worst episode of Masters of Horror, I saw, but keep in mind, I have not seen them all yet .... As a separate piece of entertainment it did nothing for me and the show made by the so-called Masters of Horror disappoints me even more.
