Superman II - Richard Donner Cut must be a fan's dream come true. Finally, the footage seen only in photographs and scenes that existed only on the printed page, has finally come to life. The director, who was unable to complete his vision will be able to have their vision restored. It seems like a winning situation. And then you start watching this assembly video and you will understand this "esoteric dream" is a very real nightmare of sloppiness and incompetence. Despite the fact that it is possible that no film could not compete with ready-perfect version of each of us is apparent for many years, it really has been a thrill to finally see this project. And this is only a very few times. <br /> <br /> You know things, Rolls, when the very first bit of text on the screen looks mash computer graphics. But then we begin to see new footage (alternates with Superman - Film for the court), and that the first bit of hesitation disappears. Hey, that's pretty neat! Things are good for those few fleeting moments, as we see footage from STMA mixed with new effects for this project, and it does not convince at all. And from that moment, he had never lets up. This is probably not the right to judge the film due to poor visual effects, but if it is supposedly a direct follow up to the film, whose tag line is "Do you believe man can fly," it's hard to believe anything shown on the screen here. Best effects this has on the original production. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this re-cut. A lot of it just does not make sense. The only reason any of it really works, because we have all seen the theatrical version of Superman II of, the film, which makes sense. Lester's Superman II fills the holes of this unit. This may be partly because Donner did not get the end of the shooting, and another part may be because the creators of this project was going to be used as a small amount of Lester material as possible. What we end up is an assembly of the footage that makes Superman IV look tight and coherent. <br /> <br /> After watching this one gets the feeling that while Leicester was a faithful and comfortable using the material Donner, Michael Thau and his team was very disrespectful to what Lester footage. The best scene in the Donner Cut are those raised relatively intact from the released version of Superman II. This sequence includes the sequence of the moon and the diner, sun ironically like were removed Donner. But anything else out of this film, shot Lester re-edited in such a hasty way, what he is doing Lester, seems like a ham fist do not know anything. While Lester honored material Donner, Lester is thrown under the bus. <br /> <br /> So there is something good in this version? Well Marlon Brando in it, and it's neat to see. Indeed, watching any of material shot Donner carefully, since it was filmed at the same time, like Superman - The Movie. But this only underscores the problems of this release. Any of the main stage (in fact, just Lois and jumping scenes with Marlon Brando) would have been better served in the finished scenes deleted scenes section. Instead, they shoe horned into a meaningless story with lower performances (many alternate takes from the usual scenes used) sloppy edits and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> Watch the opening scene in the Daily Planet. Why do we look at the back of Jackie Cooper, as he calls Lois and Clark? After all, why do we go Lois in her dark apartment only to then Jackie Cooper walked into the dark bathroom turn the lights on? I was initially confused by this, because I expected to see Lois. The entire unit is filled with questionable choices like this. <br /> <br /> The fight scenes mess it up, without geography between cuts. It's just a random action. Of course, the basic action scenes were shot Lester and its material is used only as a bridge to the next set Donner bills or substituents. They had to use a video Leicester, but was probably too proud to admit that. <br /> <br /> negligence extends to military rockets as well. As already noted, the missile indicated in the Donner Cut is the designation «XK 10" while we all know that this «XK 101"! Blind STM knows that! Manufacturers of the assembly, who tried so hard to fulfill the original film, released the ball in less than five minutes, and this error indicates the quality of all products. Despite the alleged aid, which was introduced in this case, the final product has shoddiness air thereto, which will inevitably. <br /> <br /> All the matter is likely to be easier to digest when Warner does not make a separate release here in the states. As it is, we have to pay for what is essentially a bonus disc with deleted scenes «Play All» option. It really is worth only one view, so that we can finally see the legendary cut scene, but after that initial viewing, I expect that this will be a great magnet for dust and little else. I know that after my experience, watching it, I had a new respect for the version of Leicester. In any case I am not perfect, but Lester realized the shortcomings that were in the script, standing here in bold relief. He managed to make a film that was entertaining for many years and will continue to do so, while this new re-cut will most likely be remembered only as a footnote in the history of movies.
