I realized that it was about time I let it. Pokemon fans suffer in America these days. Why? Because we rely on children WB and 4Kids Entertainment, to give us our favorite series and movies. As for the series goes, they do a very good job in bringing the fun and magic of the Japanese versions of the TV. So this is their problem, if we are talking about a movie? Honestly now, I've seen all three Pokémon film in Japanese, and I certainly will see the fourth. They are great movies. They are all nice and fun to watch. And seeing Pokemon 2000 theaters, I can not help but wonder how the American manufacturers to read the Japanese script. As it is, it seems that they read and see something that says' Insert a blank moral here "large thick letters across. It certainly appears that they used the same excellent methods they used to dub MSB (extreme sarcasm there) and created this shit. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers here * <br /> <br /> Well, I think I must first talk about the rescue Pikachu adventures. My first gripe with this came entirely narrative. I think they get enough bad comments on Pokedex stories that plagued Pikachu vacation, and instead of having to go with the voice of a caring, gentle woman as the sun appeared in Pikachu and Pikachu Natsu Yasumi Tankentai, they just cut all the narrative together. It would not be a problem, except for one thing. Does anyone really understand why Togepi Exeggcute not allowed to go to the end? Perhaps the fans, but I'm sure not the parents. Then, there is a song. I could not help but roll my eyes at it. Japanese song was `Tankentai mountain Tsukurou» and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This one: sick. Now, one of my favorite parts was short dancing Kireihana. Nice music, interesting to watch. This changed with Bellossom. Music sucked on one, and on top of that they were all the talk of Pokemon while the music, as it turned out, nervous, irritated, and simply unnecessary. Oh, and then there's Poliwhirl, who thinks he Poliwrath. One might think that the guys who work all the time, at least, to know that they have with these characters. In principle, not so much to save this little ill fated dub, which is very unfortunate, given its potential. But, I did not address the worst yet. <br /> <br /> You might think that warning signs would have been obvious to me when I received a question about Nintendo Power. For some inexplicable reason I was placing some faith in the 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were `well, they screwed up on the first film, but the second one is different as far as the theme goes, so they should do well. This in mind, I just do not pay attention to the warning signs that I have encountered in the theater when the trailer said, `You can be sure that one person can make all the difference. With the way they said it at every turn, I hoped it would not become a moral festival as an MSB made at the end of the English version. Then comes the Nintendo Power, in which I see all my fears realized in the words `the main feature of" The Power of One. " At this point, I became a little more awkward. `The Power of One? Not a good sign. Nevertheless, I still retained some of my false faith. Big mistake. <br /> <br /> Sitting in the theater, I was literally getting stomach cramps watch another movie that I loved in the Japanese being turned into a complete and utter junk. I have heard comments that say it's better, because morality was more subtle. I can see the point of that, since they do not indulge in this thing, repeating it again and again, as in the MSB. However, it has been more harm than anything else in the film. First of all, the legend that was read during the reading has changed a bit 'world turns to ashes. " Ah ha. Thus, Ash chosen? Anything. In the Japanese version, the residents need Arshia Pokemon trainer to perform their traditional ceremony. At this time, it is selected. Larger way that did the damage was Lugia. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in the movie Pokemon .... when the film was about Lugia. In this, Lugia is forced to take a back seat to ash. In the scene where they fly back to the main island, and Lugia Lugia Ashe discuss the condition of existence, and not that Ash is going to make all the difference. In general, in this category, Ash was not really 'one person, "which will make a difference, since it helped a lot along the way. <br /> <br /> There are many other things like nit collection, flute song Furura was not nearly as sweet and enjoyable as the Japanese one. Jirarudan it to them, saying, `beginning of his collection with card Mew? Ugh. Even worse, Misty outrage initially concerned the way were detained Moltres and Zapdos. `Why do not you put them in Pokéballs, if you were caught? It's like caging their display. Much different from the whining about it to think things Pokémon to be collected as a brand. If there is any real redeeming value in it, they came from the Rocket team. Some pretty funny lines. Not much to make me laugh out loud, but more to make me giggle a little and relieve abdominal pain. Well, that was the last American official Pokémon movie that I see. I imported the third, and find it very enjoyable. I would not want to see another Japanese film ruined the same way as the first two. I will import a fourth as well. Forget, Kids WB and 4Kids. You left me for the last time.
