OK, so I heard about this new movie comes out Justin Timberlake, who has some pretty big names. I mean, great actors, like, The Freeman aka Morgan Freeman, active in Hollywood, but is completely lost in this film. Then we got Kevin Spacey, which I was a big fan ever since I watched American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. Both of these great actors, probably signed up for the film thinking that it was supposed to be a great movie, as I did when I heard this story. Then enter a fresh face with Justin Timberlake. I say fresh face, because it is his first film, and these rotten tomatoes not hit it yet. Well, the reason for this, I might add, that's because no one will ever see the movie, or even worked to read this review. The film is so bad that when I got in the first 15 minutes of this. The characters were so one-dimensional, which makes some of the Bible characters like Don Corleone. They got one liners and sound bite worthy material. Marker confused black guy (LL COOL J), which is a beautiful woman, he otherwise would not even belong in the real world. Captain this short whiny person who says such a high tone. What a crappy movie would be complete without the hero he becomes richer because of the experience. Oh, and a lot of machine gun fire, I mean a lot. Spoiler (NOT !!!) Type of machine-gun fire, which leaves all the police who have twisted the hero prevails. They got flamethrowers and grenade launchers, actually not kidding. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is, if you want to see Edison him because you're a big fan of one of the actors, or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, to all 13-year-old girls out there, enjoy !! I wish I had more hands, because then I would be more fingers, because this movie is so scary, because then I could not give him as many thumbs down, thumbs down will no longer mean anything, because this movie is so scary, because it sucks so bad that it made me laugh with frustration about the storyline because it just does not end, because shooting and yelling just kept going. <br /> <br /> May G * D have mercy on all of us and save us from these terrible movies. Well it could be worse, another RNB terrible actor turned singer turned actor awful ceremonies, check hehe lol IN THE MIX, or even get rich or die trying. " Currently, the special thing about this film is that it has received 30+ year old man playing 16 or even smaller adolescents. I could go with this.
