Well, at least my theater group did, lol. So of course, I remember watching Grease, since I was a little girl, while he has never been my favorite music or history, it continues to keep some special place in my heart, because it's still very fun to watch. I've heard awful things about Grease 2, and that is why I have decided never to watch it, but my friend said that it's actually not all that bad, and my friend agreed, so I decided to give him a chance, but I called them and just laughed. First plot completely stolen from the first and it was not very clever, not to mention they are just used the same characters, but with different names, and actors. Tell me, how did Pink Ladies and T-Birds continue year after former bandits left? Not to mention the creator of motorcycle face of the enemy, ha, a striking similarity with the guys in the first movie, as well as the T-Birds were just silly and funny. <br /> <br /> Another year in the Rydell and the music and dancing did not stop. But when a new student who is a cousin Sandy comes on the scene, he was struck by the love of pink lady, Stephanie. But it must adhere to the code, where only the pink house should follow the T-Birds, therefore, a new student decides to teach as a T-Bird, to win her heart. He dresses like a bandit-cycle engine rebel who can ride well and defeat the evil biker from cigarette butts to easily push the T-bird. But if he will say Stephanie, who he really is or she will find out on their own? Well, find out for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2, how stupid TV shows of what does not work. Banda Sun presses, as well as the first Grease did not mention Frenchy back was a bit silly and unbelievable, because I thought she was done Rydell, but apparently she did not. The songs were not really that catchy; I am glad that Michelle was able to recover so quickly, but that's probably because it was the only talent in this silly little sequel, I would not recommend this movie, except if you're interested, but I warn you, this is just a pathetic attempt more money from the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
