Hollywood erroneous obsession with sequels led to increasing the number of misfires than hits. For each "Godfather II of" there are dozens of "More American Graffiti's ',' Sedentary Alives" and "Grease 2". While the original «Grease» is not a great film 1977 adaptation of the Broadway hit really long songs have memorable 1960s, energetic choreography and attractive actors. If Paramount began work on the results, manufacturers have come up with an almost empty every aspect which made the original blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for moviegoers, Michelle Pfeiffer has gone through this experience, and obviously learned to read the script before signing the contract. Her talent and beauty were already evident in this document, and Pfeiffer seems expresses confusion at humiliating dance and silent songs that she has to perform. Maxwell Caulfield, however, did not even have enough ability to express embarrassment, and emotions run the gamut from numb to consciousness. Which romantic interest, in addition to hormones, cool arrogant Pfeiffer can be indifferent to Caulfield? This stupid mystery will linger long after the luau ludicrous finale goes out in a bad memory. Only cameos veterans such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens, and Sid Caesar have no wit, though Lorna Luft did rise slightly over the lame material. <br /> <br /> reviewers complained that because of the "Grease 2" is always compared with the original, the movie comes not enough. However, even taken on its own terms, the film is a clunker. After a hectic introductory amount that obviously exhausted the entire cast, the energy is dissipated. With a few exceptions, the original songs bear little resemblance to the early 1960s, and only nostalgia called for "Our Miss Brooks" and «Comedy Hour Sid Caesar." The jokes fall flat, and the choreography in the film directed by choreographer Patricia Birch awkward politeness. However, the worse films were deposited on the audience, and will be inept for as long as manufacturers tend to milk a quick buck from Rehashing blockbuster. Unfortunately, «Grease 2" is not even funny unintentionally. Instead, the film keeps the viewer's attention like a bad train wreck. Just when the whole body seems to have been restored, the next scene is immersed in an even worse massacre.
