Steven Seagal himself Mr. A person at this time the biggest Stealth pilot of the United States, which promised a pardon from the military (.. who tried to hit him with the memory of the beginning of the film, for which he fled the base, and later caught after interrupting a gang robbers in a shootout at a gas station), when it is able to successfully infiltrate a terrorist base in northern Afghanistan, operated by a group called Black Thursday, which requisitioned the Air Force stealth fighter jets by the American traitor. Together with the pilot fellow who was fond of a traitor, Yannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly into enemy territory, getting help from her Arab lover, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David) once they are on the ground. Jannick abducted leaders of Black Sunday, Stone (Vincenzo Nicholas) and female enforcer, Eliana (Katie Jones), and sands have to figure out how not only to reassume command stolen stealth fighter, but to save it, as well. And maybe sands may avenge traitor he trained faster (Steve Toussaint) in this process. Sands have 72 hours before the general piloted Navy Sun to bomb the entire area. On board stealth Black Sunday equipped biochemical bomb, hoping to blow it up on the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal gets a chance to shoot the Afghans, if it is not slicing his throat with knives. The film is mostly shot guns and the body dumped dead. Installation of Afghanistan does not hold (.. not doing as easily Segal and co. Are able to move so easily overlooked area), and the story itself is nothing to write home about. The film is edited quickly, the camera a little too abruptly. Seagal is not so active hero as he once was, and its tightly edited scenes, where we have a hard time seeing him taking out his enemy, in contrast to the good old days. One of the poorest efforts Sigal, and he humbled as never before (.. not a compliment). Even more frustrating by the fact that Segal never fight in a close fight with the main villain of the film, tis a shame. He even missed the wrist or neck split in any visible way (.. we see a slight resemblance to some of the tools get tossed around, but it is not so obvious, the picture as I like, because the filmmakers have such rapid changes and dizzying close-up ).
