After a terrible attack power, the chances were that Segal may have only one step from Flight Of Fury. To stink of Attack Force would some do. Flight of Fury noticeable improvement in general, but still in the big scheme of thinking, mediocre. Mediocrity seems to be reaching for Segal these days, sad understanding of the decline of his movie career in. Where Attack Force was a hodgepodge storylines changed dramatically from concept to filming to post production, Flight Of Fury keeps the storyline is more simple. Someone kidnapped a high-tech stealth fighter, planning to use his fire chemical weapons (which we later quaint Discover, to destroy the whole world in 48 hours). Seagal has to get the plane back. It is not so simple, not annoying sub-plots and conspiracies film weight down, as too many of his recent works. This is not to say suddenly speaking well, though, it's pretty poor. The introduction of the side characters badly done, for example. <br /> <br /> In cinematic terms FOF bad. It's bad acting all the participants, and Segal looks bored almost tears. He just got kind of kid who was forced to carry out a school nativity against his will, and therefore acts as a constant grimace and half air assedness. Can we blame Segal, though, if the material is not so ambitious and Cruddy? Not really. This is the last film, a multi-picture deal it Castel Studio. Manufacturers can not be bothered to do anything remotely good, promising a budget for the 12 or so million dollars, and (after Sigal mandatory 5 million), probably by assigning a nice hefty chunk of himself (if the film was made for those the remaining 7 million, I'm Elvis Presley!). So in this regard, why Seagal effort for the film, which has already been extended sorted before it's done. Fan can even argue that he should at least his efforts. He seriously looks exhausted, and further use of the bench modules and dub-frame is further evidence of this. Michael Keusch directs with a certain efficiency, while cinematography is quite good, but in all technical areas (and, as usual, with the Castel, a standard command trick swamp) is nothing more than mediocrity, and nothing to help the emergence of the film above its material, and sadly leading man. Again, there are a few scenes with a focus on other than the Segal, who in all truth we do not want to see the character. <br /> <br /> In general, the action is not so bad. This is a good and strong, and sometimes we were treated to some old nasty beating Sigal, but overall nothing special. Partly because of the poor stunt crew, and the lack of time to take pictures of anything too complicated or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was more enjoyable film, because, ignoring the strange, mixed, the storyline was more ancient Segal moments, and more of it in the center of the stage. He never disappeared for long periods during the film. Sigal disappear fantastically during one action scene here, and reappears after, with little explanation. There is far too much footage is used. Using reserves the shots are not completely terrible thing, but use it as a crutch is. We were treated to countless establishing shots of naval vessels, constantly receiving annoying. Plus continuous footage is everywhere (just check backs, chopping and changing). <br /> <br /> The film is just middle of the road. He says that all the films best scene completely unnecessary and gratuitous girl on girl and her scene with two hot chicks. Segal even perked up short, too! In general, it can be one of the best footage based on actioners there, but it does not speak at all. It will please a lot of fans, but they should be kept in mind, he Segal, would probably like to forget the existence of his own. **
