Fury flight begins as General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an informal test flight of the X-77, a new stealth fighter with the ability to literally become invisible. General Barnes gives his top pilot Colonel Ratcher (Toussaint) work and everything goes well until the X-77 disappears, even more than just than Barnes wanted as Ratcher flying it in Northern Afghanistan, and delivers it to a terrorist group known as Black Sunday lead Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicholas), which plans to use the X-77 to fly into US airspace undetected and drop a few bombs that will kill a lot of people. General Barnes is concerned about the loss of their aircraft, and sends a one man army John Sands (co-writer and executive producer Steven Seagal) to get it back and kill all of the bad guy in the process of ... <br /> <br /> This is the American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch and was the third film in which he directed Segal after as dire Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007), fortunately, someone decided that the partnership was not working and the unsuspecting public fortunately, failed to avoid further worked tstva period in between. Apparently Flying Fury is an almost scene for scene word for word remake of Black Thunder (1988), starring Michael Dudikoff with many of the same character, even sharing the same name, the same dialog box can be used without even the creators of to change things, like names, although I must admit that I have never seen Black Thunder, and so I can not compare the two. Flight of Fury scary movie, the poorly made and written a waste of time that Segal specializes these days. This is sad, even if it's not as slow character poor, he is full of cliches, things happen randomly, the plot leaves much to be desired, arguments for events Sun nor there and it is very lazy production as a whole, as it never convinces the viewer that they somewhere near the Afghanistan war or actual procedures are performed. Lame scenes and there is no real emotion in her sad villains as heroes and this is right up there with the worst Seagal made. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury, seems to consist mainly of stock footage that did not match that well, the background may be changed, change of clothes people, changing space, the sky and the film quality varies very cool how it all too obvious that we are seeing videos on the other (better) films splicing. Hell, Segal never goes even a plane in it. Scenes are composed of the shootings so heavily edited, it is difficult to tell who is who, and of course Segal broke peoples hand. All products feels very cheap and of poor quality. <br /> <br /> IMDb believes it had a budget of about $ 12 million, I think it's a general garbage, I mean, if so, where does all this money go? Although set in Afghanistan, which is a war torn arid desert Flying Fury looks like it was lifted from my local forests, it was actually filmed in Romania and the Romanian village does not make a convincing Afghanistan. Actions bad as one would expect, and Segal looks duplicated again. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury scary thriller, sad, amateur and is almost scene for scene remake of another film in any way. Another very lazy and poorly made action film with Seagal, why do I even bother anymore?
