As already stated, a "city on a hill can not hide themselves" and Virginia City, Nevada, is located on the side of Mt. Davidson in 6200 feet. West of Tahoe, is a prime example, or in the context of the film should be. Virginia City exploded in the American dream, as the soul of gold and silver, with suspicion in the same year the Civil War began. It was the birthplace of American dean sheets; This was where the young reporter by the name of Samuel Clemens began using the name "Mark Twain" and went on to become the most famous writer of America. He was also the birthplace of the great Hearst fortune and springboard John Mackay, who became the richest man in America, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they were to make a movie about it! In Virginia CIty 1860 Boomtown was all boomtowns, house big windfall at the time the largest "metropolitan" area to the west of St. Louis and to the east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (film) misses everything and more about the North / South duello garbage between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Captain Carey Flynn Bradford, Union officer who is a prisoner of war camp in the middle of doing the Confederate commander named Captain Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two are always interfering with each other. Bradford escapes, and then trying to stop the shipment of gold bullion as a "slipped" LCD those who are apart. ,, Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here!?» Horrible. Bogart plays a ridiculous Mexican bandit, who can not decide who's it is. Miriam Hopkins plays a murky character named "Julia Hein" is obviously a historic attack on the First Lady of the city, Julia Buletti that in real life the famous prostitute. She travels to Washington and Honest Abe says about salvation Bradford (not Irby) by hanging and blah-blah-blah. Go figure it out. They Shoulda hung writer. In "real life," says Twain, that the last day of the war, the evening sun caused the American flag atop Mount Davidson to appear on the affected residents to be bizarre fire, kind of like a movie. Three days later, they found that the South surrendered that day. One interesting feature in the film as a sidekick, Alan Hale and a Gwyn Williams pour forth their guns when they fire, they are fishing, or are trying to make the bullets go faster. Not a bad idea for the film. The same goofiness is lathered over the juice and corn throughout the film. Gosh, how could they miss the gold frenzy, wasteful riches, shooting in the silver mines, Mark Twain getting run out of town and beat up after fights, crooked railway, opera house fire, Artemis Ward, huge funeral Bulette, in Chinese tongs, black sedans auction. ,? All this is high on a hill surrounded by desert? True, it was unrealistic. Is his fabulous wealth actually spark the great American Holocaust? Well, if you count the film, it would not be the first debacle to come out of Virginia City. It's disappointing for fans of Virginia City, because he misses that made the city "the city of illusions", which says evil seeps out of the ground. ,, Well, except that it is a fun movie. Flynn and the gang are not always great, no matter what the history, they destroy. If Flynn is just playing his own rotten I double your score.
