Totally inappropriate. If you know anything about poker, you will find absolutely horrible, but entertaining, because it is so ignorant. Botanist, who made this film, obviously, very religious, and knows a little about the game of poker, but I doubt that he ever played above 3-6. (I think he does not know anything about golf.) Getting Started. I saw the best performances in the intro to the film class I took freshman year film school. Actors to watch this movie Queen mom, Scotty Nguyen, and the loser who can never win at poker. The rest, as wooden as they come as bad actors porn. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * Man film begins with the opening sequence is the only reason the film was made. He is Railbird, who does not play poker, and never has a line of dialogue, but the actor is a person who obviously has paid for the film. I can not think of a waste of money than the man, laying out for this absurd production. This way, he had the unhelpful role. <br /> <br /> There are very few poker in this film. Most of the time is spent on the useless side characters whose plots are not resolved in the slightest degree. Queen Momma does have a show-stealing scene where she throws her lost friend through the window and tries to shoot his brains out. Also anonymous Arabs at a convenience store also give brilliant performances as they debated whether to knock down or kill the old woman who robs them. Their fine performances easily among the highlights of the film. It makes you wonder why they bothered to get all of these white people to play the leads. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, complete nonsense. Plan 9 from Outer Space is a little more coherence. If you play poker, although you might want to have a laugh. In addition, if you are a Christian, you can enjoy some of the oppressive religious conversations that pepper the film as a meaningless pepper. I hate films made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about the things they know nothing about. It's sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen were involved in this travesty as I can not help but think less of them. They must be jealous of Johnny Chan for in sharpie.
