It allows you to enter the world of this film for a second, so you can better understand the type of movie we're dealing with here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid movies where the bad guy and his goons have been to lose 50,000 bullets shooting a nice guy behind the walls and columns, shouted at them, and then finally get a good guy face to face, and instead of killing him ...... instead of wasting this guy who caused you so much grief .... instead of just walking up and POP! ..... What are you doing? Bad guy ..... he talks to him. He grabs a nice guy and talking to him, holding a gun. They do not say anything! Shoot him! Shoot him now! But he was talking to him anyway. Oh one more thing. In the end, the newspaper said, "the Pulitzer Prize HISTORY RIGHT HERE" or something just above the first page of the document when it is the first time the story is printed. Since heezy did who won a Pulitzer for it so quickly? Yeah, you know, these kinds of stupid movies? So much so that it is in a nutshell Edison. <br /> <br /> You are cool Mr Morgan Freeman and eyes run hard Kevin Spacey, who, as the phone in their role fully, LL Cool J, who frowns literally every moment of the film, while offering to his girlfriend in the damn night clubs of all places, and who is the last line of "ducks" something of how the death movie weapons which never did ... and Justin Timberlake whining and spewing nonsense every time he says, a little cocky bastard .The only bright spot was crazy Dylan McDermott makes it better «Denzel from the training day" feeling, like a it was quite interesting. <br /> <br /> Oh, so that the film is about? Oh, something about the scandal involving a fictional special unit of the police of the city of Edison, called "the brotherhood (I swear I'm not making this stuff), which should have been obvious play off of the Special Forces Anyway little journalistic super singer boy Justin Timberflake smells something foul carried out after the murder involving two undercover police officers from the fraternity, and he is walking away looking for a story, gaining his boss (Freeman) trust along the way while they both unravel the sinister and even more than that they are both thought. bla bla l. Its like bootlegs pelicans meets halfassed training day.The walks slowly on and off, the script was terrible, and the action was very uninspired. He jumped everywhere, not going anywhere. People get put into a coma and forget about them. everything in this movie just did not think. Damn, that stupid movie. it is becoming more difficult to write a review for it, because the film has left my brain the second it was over ... I do not lie, in principle, on the d not waste your time!
