They should give the plot outline for all wannabe filmmakers arriving at the bus station in Hollywood. Then they fill in the gaps and set their story in any provincial town or urban ghettos, from which they have just arrived. You know exactly what this film is about the first shot, four young boys play in the granular slow-motion, accompanied by voice-overs. The next stop after the bus station should be to buy stock footage of four young boys playing in a granular slow motion. After they grew up, it is easy to see writer / director of four. He's a quiet, contemplative, long-haired one who is never seen without his composition book, tucked into pants. This means that his remarkable talent of the letter would be his ticket to Hollywood Hickville. Only there is no letter, or send talent on display here. And if you still can not figure out what it is, here's a hint: film director and his character have the same surname. It took over an hour to find out that these twenty-something people were still in high school. What looked like a prison, apparently from high school, was the main caretaker. Once again, the poor, misunderstood rebel can drive all to the movies in the pavement, murder and robbery, but unable to resist his alcoholic father. How about hitting back, boy, do you still? Numerous fist fight scenes without any apparent purpose. Howlingly bad dialogue. Many scenes are badly out of focus. Cartoon characters continue to appear as the bit players and additional services using unintended laughter from the premiere audience. Replays in the extreme. And if you do not quite get the arrogance of speech or scene slow motion, just listen to the music power. It will prompt you and what you must feel. Poor Marisa Ryan is to be racking up a lot of frequent flier mileage as it travels around the country, who work in these regional amateur films. The greatest sin is that the viewer should feel sympathy for the children who gun down an old woman, run a puppy chained to a tree, rob and steal, constantly complains about their dull, sad life. But if only we could get out of this dull town and go to college. Yes, this is the ticket. Why is it that every twenty-something director believes that his life is still as important as it is interesting that the world can not wait to see it on the screen? If this film is autobiographical, as it seems, the filmmaker is best to look over his shoulder at a policeman carrying a disorganized order.
