If Sam Peckinpah superlatives Wild Bunch (1969) opened the door to the blatant display of graphic cinematic ultra-violence, he did it with talent (if whiskey marinated) sides of the guide camera and had a compelling story with characters who have real depth, but in most short term apartment had many imitators, which fell far from the benchmark set by the epic Peckinpah and Blue SOLDIER definitely falls into this category. <br /> <br /> Soldier blew, um, blue tells the story of a foul -mouthed New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen) blonde proto-hippie chick who was "saved" by two years' captivity "among the Cheyenne and now goes to the fortress, where she will be reunited with his fiancee when she wants to marry for money. Also on board the train, she travels in a party of government gold, cash Cheyenne to buy weapons from, and in a short time the soldiers killed and Cresta runs in the mountains, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), the lone trooper survived. Call Gantt for elegant nickname "Soldier Blue" Cresta shows that her years among the "savages" was time well spent, ahead of Gant in survival skills, common sense, and sheer balls, and on their way to the castle, they have to work against the elements, Kiowa hostile band, unscrupulous trader ?? Pleasence plays, here gives one of his most absurd notions, and it says something ?? and, in the tradition of many previous Western set of romantic comedies, each other. <br /> <br /> During his misadventures two opposites inevitably ?? and predictably ?? attracted to each other and eventually get it on ?? while Rowan Gant has treated the wound bullet departed clean through his legs, at least ?? that was, of course, but is conveniently located a cave, at least within a radius of twelve miles, which was not filled with rattlesnakes, mountain lions, or who knows what, not to mention the Cheyenne, who could do something really elegant with such prima apartment (there I go, thinking in terms of NYC real estate again). <br /> <br /> Realizing that their love can never flourish outside the cave, Cresta reserves Gantt and making it to the very castle only to find that idiot is responsible not spare a couple of people, so that they can save a Gantt; Polk need all available personnel to launch an attack on the nearby village of Cheyenne and once Cresta got wind that it slides past her insulting horny hubby-to-be and makes raced straight to the Cheyenne, to warn them of what will come. <br /> <br /> What will happen next, it was a movie it's a shame; It turns out that all the silly misadventures and feuds were only eyeliner to the hideous renovation 1864 Sand Creek Massacre, an orgy of rape, torture and general sadistic evil committed in the name of "keep the country clean" and almost forty years after its release, this sequence is still worried and sick of his apparent brutality. Children trampled under the hooves of the charging horses or impaled on bayonets, unarmed people beheaded ?? good effect, I have to admit ?? women stripped and leg bands stupid cattle, and then raped and mutilated ?? in a truly sickening example naked native woman poses too much of a fight, so her rapist, and not resolve to cut off her breasts, which we, fortunately, only to see the beginning of a movement of the camera to chronicle some other heinous act ?? and many innocent people are shot and dismembered, their compone nt parts impaled on pikes and waved a victory feast or held as the most hideous souvenirs. This is no joke, this scene will instantly gain an NC-17 rating when released today, not to mention possible to adjust the Native American interest groups to riot in the streets at an incredibly exploitative manner in which depicted atrocities. <br /> <br /> I am all in favor of Westerns that do not shy away from honest image of how the west was won, or stolen, if it is true to say, but this film does not have the slightest idea about what movie he wants to be ; One minute it's heavy-handed pseudo-hippie lecture about how the natives were treated completely effed up (well, duh!), this light-hearted farce battle sexes, which proves Cresta five times People Gant is and manages to look hot in her delicious red cotton poncho (not immortal), but it all goes out the window when Pleasence shows off unintentionally (?) hilarious pair of buck-toothed dentures, and our heroes must figure out how to move away from their murderous paws in the sub-plot, which is to nowhere, all of which culminates in Your referred to the apocalyptic climax. Any one of these gals would be good for the coherent film, but the end result is a sloppy mess that milked the horrors of the final ten minutes for all they are worth in promoting and poster images of the film. <br /> <br /> However, trying to be all things to all viewers, SOLDIER Blue ends up as incoherent, instructive Mulligan stew presumably well-meaning political correctness, but if they were going to talk about the sand scream massacre, this was not a good idea to have some Indian characters that were more than just additions to walk with Murphy Brown acting as their mouthpiece? We get know absolutely nothing of the people who get killed just for what appears to be a stupid trick to lure gorehound moviegoers in seeing "the wildest movie in history." If you, like me, were intrigued by the provocative advertising and reviews shower almost endless praise him for his "courage to tell him how it was," take my word for it, and let SOLDIER Blue fade slowly into the cinematic unknown.
