It is a well worn story about a man who is getting married to avoid the hangman's loop, and then sets the "taming" of his reluctant bride. He manages to be sexist and racist at the same time. We will never know why, for example, a woman who has won the respect of the Indian warrior is completely unable to fight against her former husband. Or why the members of her team are so eager to get a "real man" in the saddle, as she seems to care about things just fine on their own. . It only makes sense in the fifties Hollywood <br /> <br /> There's a really stupid scene where she twigs it, and he actually catches the whip - the second time - and then pulls her from her horse. It does not matter that the first time, probably, would have lost his eye, which would make it rather difficult to capture the whip! Then he dominated the fight with her bodyguard India, where he spent the first two-thirds of her getting beaten to a pulp. Here are some second wind. Later, he successfully negotiates with some bloodthirsty Indians (as they all are in these films) after they reject her now she is his "squaw". It does not matter that he has zero diplomatic skills, and it is negotiating with them for many years. And then, as he continues to reject her attempts to seduce him just to keep it sharp and keep her from getting a hold on him - yes, exactly. As women are simply thrown at him all the way down the trail. <br /> <br /> And finally, none of the findings are not convincing in their roles. Madison just a jerk who gets lucky unrealistic. Fleming flips her hair and frown a lot, but it is not convincing as a fiery tomboy. The only reason you would root for her because you want to see Madison attached to a runaway horse and dragged him over the cliff to the end of the film. How daunting Madison Fleming so predictable and so little obstacles that it will annoy the heck out of you, when you see a woman as anything but inflated doll. Even if you see them as dolls, complete lack of suspense will bore you. <br /> <br /> Total waste of time. Even the scenery interesting boring. Give it a big miss.
