Although I had no earthly idea what to expect from this film, it sure as hell is not what I had in mind was something really come to mind. After I heard about its existence, all that I knew I had to have a film called Please do not eat babies. Unfortunately, I could only find a copy under its alternative name, the island of Fury. In retrospect, I guess I could call it a lose-lose situation. On the one hand, I still do not get to be known as a guy who has a film called Please do not eat the baby, but on the other hand, the island Fury ultimately reveal themselves as terribly pointless, boring, unwatchable piece garbage. Yes, definitely losing. <br /> <br /> I'm not even sure what genre they are going here. Only in the early 80's the harm, with hindsight, that may actually be larger than the non-retrospection. First of all, two teenage girls are chasing the two bad guys, once caught, the bad guys brought to our attention that one of the girls has a coin on a string around her neck, and somehow, these bad boys are aware of many more of these coins hidden on an island somewhere. And this is where things start to get weird, somehow these guys know about the trip she went on some island, a year earlier, when they were only 10. I think this should mean that the girls need to know exactly where it is alleged treasure is. Thus, at the moment, we are in the past, while the girls are trying to repeat their actions, so that the bad guys do not kill them, though, I would not mind if they did. In his memoirs, a 10-year-old counterparts are on the boat with her sisters and sisters boyfriends, eventually stopping on the island a little air, they mix up with some kid and his killers and grandfather. Any potential or unknown reasons to keep watching never shows up, but the memory was certainly better than the present, which is still not saying much. <br /> <br /> For a while I forgot about the original story, at some point, I Ithought maybe the director was also, and when the memory is over, it will be the end, that would work for me, given that disappointment would be half an hour shorter. It's pointless movie in a meaningless film finally over, and the real things do happen, but this is nonsense. I guess I really did not expect the film, filled with devouring babies, or anything like that, but I was expecting some form of amazing B-entertainment, mostly just confused, inept plot, unsure of its genre. My advice would be to look for something worthwhile, like Attack Of The Beast Creatures. If someone, I would only recommend this for serious collectors B-movies that should have them all who is interested probably has brain damage. What really gets me that I still have no idea why they called it Please do not eat babies. 3/10
