If the film of the book seems pointless and confusing, the reason can always be found in the book or it was pointless to begin with, or it is not easily transported to the film, or the film missed the point, which is the most frequent of these results, and easier anything can happen, especially when it is not easy to determine. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; every reader of this book must have felt it, and he felt as if he had received it; but I suspect that most of them can not say it in words. I'm not sure I can do it myself, but perhaps it comes to this, or something like this: Things come, things are going, this life, but we are continuing; or at least, some of us - people like Morvern - do. No doubt, more erudite critic could build a more adequate definition. But it is important that there is a point - perhaps the sum of all history is the point - and that it would be the most important thing to keep in sight, and carry in adapting stories for the film. The creator of this film seems to have missed the point, and not a substitute for one of its own; and therefore a film about nothing. <br /> <br /> This is not a common complaint in the book-lover, that his favorite text has been broken. The advantage of the book is that I admitted reluctance: reading I found this a bloody nuisance and an excuse to push the author in his pants and get him to finish the job properly. The narrative should be the work of a half-educated Morvern, but this illusion is constantly scattered dozens of different types of literary effect, as if the author was poking at it with a stylus; There is a mismatch of style and tone, as if the various sections were made at different times; and any conclusions, I could reach about Morvern were to remain the previous because it is unclear what effect the author intended, and that he did not do: for example, despite its own samoharakteristika Morvern as a raver I'm wrong, that After all, it remains essentially the working class Scots girl, and under its wrapping downloading music is not so different from the previous generations? In any case, despite my irritation at the author, I could not deny that his book stuck with me; and the fact that I could not get out of my head, it was the attitude of his character, her corner of the world, which was almost as bright as a portrait by Goya. Morvern is a person who is always meeting the situation at once, and comical and pretty awful; Sometimes she invited them, but more often they land on it like flies, so most of his life, consists of a kind of gauche, but refined Thrust-Through, unknowingly and unconsciously practical philosophy - and does not begin to describe quite idiosyncratically. The complex incidents and response Morvern, so that they are books, and her achievement in revealing the existence of the cross-section would be difficult to illuminate otherwise; for all my dislike for the book, I can see it <br /> <br /> Morvern Morvern sun simply described the film. or if it is, most of it is stored off-screen. The actress, who can be a good fit for the character, if it was the right age at the right time, is Angharad Rees, from «Poldark» of the old series. Samantha Morton, then it would seem a good cast: it is rather the same kind of actress, and in one of his early films, "The Son of Jesus", she played a girl who with some adjustments could be turned into this. Unfortunately, the film has turned out, it does not have the character of the book to play. On the one hand, this book is one that, if it is a theatrical, almost encourages monologue of the protagonist to the audience; without comment, in her view, her voice, the story loses much of its meaning. He lost more than his that ejection adapter him out of his comic and horrific elements: the most memorable events of the book are folded before they turn ugly, and so Morvern answers (including amusement or ill, depending on your mood) is not enough and incidents will no longer have a reason why in this story. In short, the director chose, for whatever reason, to make vigorous, sharp Serio-comic novel in the television movie noble art, and chose as his typical way of one of Ms. Morton suffer in artistically shaded melancholy; as if the outing was a tour Morvern subscribe crusade. This is not exactly what the book or Morvern book was about. For another thing, the film Morvern not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she could not learn to focus), and it should be: it's important that she, her family and her companions all from one place. Finally, the film is not the end of history: Morvern spends all that she come home to icy darkness: it is winter, platinum is frozen, the power went out, and the pub is dark. Minus this and minus everything else that remained unsuccessful feature film Dead film about the subject, whose strength lies in its refusal or inability native, never succumb dead.
