This show is an excellent example of how the CBC should follow any news, sports, comedy or satirical sketch. As a developer, situation comedy, CBC showed that can unite Pizazz «King of Kensington" to laugh «The Beachcombers» stomach. It's a shame for the big shows like "Kids in the Hall" and "of Second City", that they have to share their comedy roots of this lame production. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that I did not give this show a lot of chances right from the moment when I first heard about the concept. For a start, half of the concept is a direct attempt of plagiarism is one of the few comedy success in the English-Canadian history, «Corner Gas». The rest of the concept - clash of cultures - not the original, and all too often used as a crutch for lazy writing screen. The choice of the Muslim religion as a basis for a "fish out of water" characters, it seems a desperate attempt to be "sharp" and "local", but comes off as forced. Some of the jokes are based around the reactions of local residents to visitors inducing perverse and thoroughly insulting to the intelligence of all the participants, especially the audience. <br /> <br /> This show is an excellent example of how the CBC just doesn 't "get it" when it comes to the creation of Canadian content, especially in the presentation of Canada's multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada should not be presented in such a heavy hand and a forced way. It would be a refreshing change to see the CBC makes a variety of television shows, doing shows all around the specified variety. I doubt that the CBC has enough talent sitcoms to pull off something so delicate. Comparison can be made to how diversity is depicted in gas Corner - ie. aboriginal characters are not separated from their ethnicity or their heritage is used to create storylines. More realistically, their lives and the lives of the other characters are intertwined in a way that makes ethnicity no more significant than any of his other personal characteristics. <br /> <br /> At the same time as the fish of the template-of water comedy show is not possible. Actions feeble, comic walks all over the map, and plot space that I saw were too far to the suspension of belief, even for comedy. The only salvation is a talented Derek McGrath, who badly wasted here. I doubt that even the addition of guest stars (Colin wet, for example, as an Anglican archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give this show a chance once a CBC in the "hype" faded; but two episodes was all I could stand - I almost feel braincells closes down every unsuccessful pointes. Temporary spacing would be best served by a ventilation Coronation Street, Air farce repeated shown or Dr. Who. Even the commercials would be an improvement.
