Or "The height of Marlowe." Another ridiculously overpriced old movie with a scarecrow. Talky pretty too. Scarecrow basically plays the same character as in the film Marlowe; always in control of the situation, never nervous - no matter how dangerous the situation, calls the women "thin" and "ladies" and other such nonsense, this is the only "real man", that is the alpha male in the film (the only other alpha- male man being the head of the Gestapo - but he only fat alpha male male), and - of course - each attractive young woman who comes his way can not resist his charms, and wants his penis for a few hours of their initial introduction . Cliche sign all here. Bogey must be the same type of cynic-About-to-reform, as in "Casablanca," and, of course, he often refuses to cash or other valuables if they are invited - but how does it fit in with the tough cynic in him? It does not, so it may not be a cynic; Hawks like both ways: a character who is as "cool lonely cynic" and even well-meaning humanitarian. I do not think so ... Bacall makes her nya-chalant "Cool Babe" routine for the first time, and there are many overpriced, not all too interesting, the so-called "sexual innuendo" of exchanges between her and a bogey; these dialogues sound silly, by today's standards. "Just purse your lips and whistle ...". Load of shit ... She was 19 when it was made, but it looks much older and much less attractive than the female stars in the day. Her bony face with sharp features, is nowhere even close to the radiating form of feminine beauty de Havilland, to wit as Myrna Loy, not to mention the likability with Irene Dunne. Bacall is more suitable for playing in the vampire, but not fatal, anguish. (In real life, it is very similar to her face: Hollywood bitch.) There is a scene in which Bacall burst into tears; very inconvenient for her character. There are two or three bad musical numbers. - But my fast-forward button was ready <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biography" with Bogart, Bacall, Huston and other Hollywood person, contact me by e-mail.
