At the beginning of the movie, you can double-check the DVD cover and re-read summary of a couple of times, but do not worry. It is NOT "Memoirs of a Geisha," which you have purchased; just a movie with an intro that is much more classy and stylish than it has any right to. Nevertheless, the opening is definitely the best thing about the whole movie, because it shows how in the year 1840 a samurai sword master catches his wife in adultery. He beheaded the two lovers before doing some seppuku (ritual suicide by disembowelment). Cut to the present day, when the US ambassador to Japan, welcomed friends and family drives them in the same house where the above-mentioned massacre took place almost half a century ago. From this point on, it becomes a seemingly routine haunted house flick still very backward and fetched scenario still makes it more exclusive. Let's start with the good aspects, namely, the original Japanese position and if there is a delicious Susan George, who is my favorite British girl horror (well, along with Britt Ekland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). Just bad aspects include that the script is no longer justified, imbecilic for repair and full allegedly disturbing turns, which only cause laughter. Troubled Spirits of the house will soon begin to entertain themselves in committing bodies of new residents and forcing them to do and say all sorts of crazy things. Spirit exterminated adulterous especially loves squeezing in marvelous booty Susan and turning it into an indecent temptress! In this "Possessed" state, it even leads the American ambassador beyond sex in the garden of a high society party diner full of prominent guests. Therefore, strictly speaking, it is not really "evil", who lives in the house; a trio of ghosts sloppy with dirty minds and too much free time on their long-dead hand! It is obvious that these scenes more funny than frightening, the more that the light-blue and transparent shapes remind you of cute ghosts effects that were later popularized in «Ghostbusters». "The house where evil dwells" is probably the least scary ghost movie ever. For most of the time work, you will wonder whether director Kevin Connor (which still made remarkable horror "Motel Hell" and «From Beyond the Tomb") deliberately wanted to make a funny movie and a top, like "Motel Hell", maybe. But then again, all in the cast continues to speak his / her direct line and open face, so I think we still need to take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The house where evil dwells" never anxious, or even remotely exciting and does not even contain any horrific images, except for slaughter in the beginning. I realize how shallow it sounds, but the two scenes in which Susan George is topless only real moments. Well, those, and perhaps also the invasion of cheese and ridiculously oversized spiders (or crabs they?) In the bedroom daughter. As quite by accident and it does not matter what? . If you ever decide to give this movie a chance, despite its bad reputation, make sure you leave your common sense and reasoning on the verge of <br /> <br /> The general comment for horror fans: keep your eyes open for demon- mask, which is also a piece of scenery rod in brilliant Japanese horror classical Onibaba.
