The film begins with a shot of a peaceful traditional Japanese house complete with a thatched roof, which is on the side of a small hill, and on the screen appears the inscription that reads «KUSHIATA Kyoto, Japan in 1840". Young Japanese trainee samurai named Masanori (Toshio Maruyama) goes up the winding path to the house, inside expects Otami (Mako Hattori), with whom he has to deal with her husband, Shugoro in (Tsuiyuki Sasaki like Toshiyuki Sasaki) as that happens, to be a teacher in Masanori. Shugoro unexpectedly comes home to find his wife and a student who has a very close relationship with each other. His pride destroyed angry samurai cruel killings as Otami and Masanori to commit suicide. More than a century later, and Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrived in Japan on a working holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works for the US consulate helps them, finding them a place to stay, you do not need me to you where! He jokingly said that it would be so cheap, because it is pursued, to which Ted and Laura laugh it off, they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for a while, that is. Almost immediately, the film turns into a cliche mode. The light is switched on and off independently, Laura uneasy feeling about the place and the local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them an ominous warning for them to get out before it's too late, they ignored, of course. Spirits Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were doomed for eternity to remain within the walls of the house because of the witch Majyo (Tsuyako Olajima) put a curse on them. But maybe they can break the curse, unfortunately for Fletcher family it could potentially cost them their marriage, daughter, and maybe even life itself. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor, I thought it was pretty average movie, good to watch if you have nothing better to do, but after a day or two, you probably just forgot about it . Nothing sticks in the memory as something very bad, but on the other hand, there is nothing particularly good film ever. Scenario Robert Suhosky from the novel by James Hardiman bit on the dull side and strictly c-numbers, a lot of ghostly goings on happen throughout the film, but none of them are very interesting and exciting and flat characters and the direction does not help things. There are a couple of silly sequences, like a giant plastic crabs, who are trying to get the Hey and her nanny, Noricum (Mayumi Umeda). And there's a scene where Zen Monk banishes ghosts house and expelled outside can not return, but it is still not easy, Ted opens the door, and they just go straight back, some of exorcism! Another thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure, who was 47 when he did it, try your hand at kung fu and oriental swords! George gets her broad chest with a couple of times, including a very unerotic sex scene with McClure, at great pains and a pair of sheets, which stick to him like a super glue were taken to ensure that not less than waist nudity present. Apart from a couple of days off in the main screen is not decapitation, blood or violence to talk about. The "transparent" ghost effects in order, but they are not going to impress a lot of people these days. It is quite professionally done, and looks pretty good, but the potential of the Japanese situation and myths fritter how this film could be set in America, England, or any western country, without having to change anything. OK time waster.
