In the 1930s the fashion documentary films about the most remote corners of the world, with an emphasis on wild animals, exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures. In spite of the transportation logistics of shooting in distant and dangerous place, and then bringing them alive (with film frames), such films are often much cheaper to make than conventional Hollywood were particularly ... because it was not expensive sets, costumes or expensive movie stars. <br /> <br /> the most successful producers of films (artistic and financial) were the team of Martin Johnson and his wife, the Wasp, who has made several documentaries (sometimes with obviously staged events) in Africa and Asia. safari movies The Johnsons' were extremely popular, inspiring several parodies ... especially Wheeler & Woolsey "So this is Africa," which is very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Mrs. Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson, geddit?). Although some other filmmakers made safari documentaries at this time, Johnson films were the most popular in this genre, because they relied on humor. Viewed from our more enlightened (I hope) point of view, this is a serious flaw in documentaries Johnson: too many scenes in which the funny little brown or yellow people are made to look like idiots, which are easily outwitted clever white Bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> One particular asset of these films is the presence of wasps Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she manages to look young enough to be his daughter. Although, of course, are not as attractive as a slim blonde Esther Muir, Osa Johnson was brash brunette who gave softly speaking to the camera in all the films, she co-produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> «Congorilla» is probably the best of Johnson film. Congo frames interesting and has some historical value as evidence that this environment look like in 1930 shots Pygmies and other natives are also interesting, although they suffer from addiction Johnson on stage events in a way that makes the natives look "wild" and others . <br /> <br /> the best (and funny) scenes in «» Congorilla an improvised sequence in which Osa Johnson is trying to teach jazz dance some women pygmies. (Dance of The Bottom Black, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope famously taught Daisy and Violet Hilton, conjoined twins.) Wearing jodhpurs, riding boots and pith helmet, Osa Johnson starts scat singing while she makes great strides and She claps her knees in his attempt to teach this dance of African women. At the same time, they are just looking at her, apparently wondering what this crazy white woman trying to reach. This is a very funny scene, but it has a bad connotation. Osa Johnson does a dance that was invented by black Americans: advice, it seems that black Africans should instinctively be able to perform this dance after a brief demonstration (using natural rhythm, I think), because it's in their blood, or something. <br /> <br /> I'm going to vote for «Congorilla» 4 points out of 10. This film tells a little about African life in the 1930s and most of the American cultural representations in the same decade.
