Oh, God, as on Earth, there was some part of this film has ever been approved by someone? It reeks of cheese from the beginning to the end, but it's not even good cheese. It scummiest, moldiest, most tasteless cheese there, and I can not believe that there is someone who really, really liked it. So, if you've seen him with a load of drunk / rock buddies, some bits can be funny in a sad sort of way, but the only entertaining part for the rest of the audience is, if the specified group of friends were throwing popcorn and offensive insults at each other, and on the screen. I watched it with up-to-a-few-guy laughing, having a few beers in preparation for the expected giggling away crapness film. We got crapness (a lot), but not for giggles. He does not even qualify as a so-bad-it's a good movie. It's just bad. Very, very bad. That's why (to turn away when you spoilerphobic): The film begins with a guy, another guy anxious to death. Well, I was a few minutes late, so I do not know why it was, but I think I was in a "this guy is a bit of a bully, you do not want to bother with a" notice of imaginative scenes. Oh, and the guy he witnesses. Thus, we already have our ultra-evil bad guy, and wussy, but cute (probably) a good guy. Cue Hero. Big Sam steps on stage in a conventional manner, while maintaining a good guy in the usual stupid way that only the poor fighters can reach, ie hero exposed to bullets, still provides a fairly clumsy. Cue the first opening portion. How the bloody hell did Sammy know where this guy was or what he was watching the murder. Perhaps this answers all of my plot-hole-related issues, explained in 2 minutes, before I got into the movie, but I doubt it. In fact, I'm going to stop poking holes in the story right here, so as not to turn the film into something resembling Swiss cheese (which we all know, good cheese). Thus, the "story" (very generous word to use). Good guy has to get to Los Angeles, evil guy like he did, Sam hero stands between them. Cue decoration induces emesis for subsequent hours - airliner. NO As I said, no more poking holes in the story, I'll just leave it there. A passenger plane. Further, an important component is still lacking in this jewel of a movie, and that makes it all - snakes. Hooray! Oh, pause. Firstly, we have the introduction of mandatory character, lame movie should have. Hot, horny couple (if you can figure out how they die), the dead snake to a British guy will even (those pesky Brits, eh?), Lovely children, and Jo Brand. For all you Americans, it's the English comedian is known for its size and unattractive. Now, when we met the actors, let's see all of them die (except, of course, cute kids). Do not expect anything original, it's just a snake bites to different and continuously all the big paddle (actually not) part of the body. Use your imagination, as the filmmakers obviously do not use them. <br /> <br /> So, most of the film wrapped, so now for the best bit, the end. As you would expect, everything is just as happy as the plane lands, that everything in sight begins to suck face. So, Ice-cool Sammy enabled. But wait, we're not all on the plane yet! The last guy to get a good guy, but just how he does it, he gets bitten by a (you guessed it) the snake (of all things). Obviously, this one hidden in Mr. Jackson's hair all the time, as it is some way to resist the natives of air pressure that good old hero hired a few minutes earlier, despite the 200ft bagasse (the one who ate that pesky British asshole) not being able to. So, Sam shoots him and the snake in one fell swoop. At that moment I prayed that the film was about to make a much-needed turn and show that together the hero was actually a traitor of some sort. But no. In a way the icing on the cake the way (but with stale cheese, remember), he showed that the climax of the film with the participation of the body armor. As someone might think that the audience 10 years ago, let alone in 2006 will be impressed by their ingenuity for me, but it is good summing up of the film. <br /> <br /> In fact, we're not quite done. After all sucked face (Uncle Sam with a lead actress, a good guy with Tiffany, the token black guy with a symbolic white girl and harvest in the heart-warming fight necrophilia), it's time for a good guy and a hero to get it. ... In Bali !!! No, it was not at all exciting, exclamation marks were only there to present his full joy at the sight of the credits roll. So, the last shot of the movie surfing holiday travel, to convey the message that there was a bit of a male connection and the possibility for all the idiots who actually enjoyed the movie cry several times. That's all. This is the first time I have posted a review of the film, but I felt so strongly that someone should speak out against this scourge of cinema. If you like airplanes, snake, Samuel L.Jackson, a flight attendant, a bad guy, surfing, dog in bags or English, please, please do not watch this movie. It will pollute your opinion all of the above so far that you will never want to ever again get in touch with any of them. United 93 descend instead. It was good.
