The more I analyze this film, the worse it gets. First of all, why a motivational speaker? That part was just silly. I mean, why megalomania, trying to control the world hope for a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really is disorganized? Firstly, it can not decide what he wants to do, to rule the world, so it looks at the Bible ideas. Many of these ideas, I might add, in fact, there is no reliability (for example, part of the "Ishmael and Isaac scream homes in terror" would have already happened. It could have been a synagogue burned during Krystalnacht and mosques may well be the mosque blown up in Baghdad, or something.) and the family Gillen Lane! They had nothing to do but to ensure cross-platform family values ​​and dab the eyes with water! I might add that since Wang Ding / Gillen Lane only in the twenties (or is it the impression that I had) and has ten years of a child, he was a kid in high school. Yes, there are family values ​​in TBN. Also, why this movie should be so damn propaganda, how? I repeat what I said earlier reviewer. In the movie Indiana Jones to use the Christian mythology as the story DVICE and manipulate it well, so that we poisoned. This film does not. Backlog starts well, with Ironside plays a priest who kills a scientist from a kind and steals Omega Code dead guy. Then, when faced with two men who he obviously fears that the two prophets to tell him, "Tell your master that we are here!". Dominic (Ironsides) says: "He already knows," and points to a small surveillance camera. That part has sent shivers down my spine. If only he had gone on like that one scene, I would have loved this film. I'll give Michael York credit: He does an excellent job playing his character, as does Ironside. But the good guys are terrible. I already went to the family <br /> <br /> Lane. Now that I have for the action, I will get to the site. This is obviously a Baptist movie as our beloved Pope in the Vatican portrayed as OAF. World domination plot I liked and found plausible and subtle as the action sequences were also exciting and well done. In addition, another diatribe against the Vatican, their leaders are perceived as dogmatic tuned, as Guillen explains Dad, it is not end of the world, but the beginning of a new addition, the Vatican (or Israel) said that they will separate from aince World Union they used Omega code to control the world. Whoever it was, they would not only be separated, they would be sent on special forces and kill them. This is equivalent to America knowing KGB was going to kill the president, and just say, "We will not talk to you any more!". Come on! I really enjoyed the scene where we see the bombers headed towards Israel, and see them on the monitor again. Satisfactory shorter.
