I was very disappointed with this movie for several reasons. For the first half-hour is actually pretty decent. Although the action is better than what you would find in a rap video, it's pretty funny, and the volume of production is not a good idea. In fact, I almost thought it was almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican film), which was much better than I expected. The plot for the film revolves around not only cheating husband, but how women are perceived and treated in Dominican society as a whole, which makes, especially in the Dominican Republic for a good room. Unfortunately, I do not think that the creators of this film belongs to that a good movie is all about how you relate to your topic, and they f'ing they butchered veal cutlets were before them. About 30 minutes into the movie roles of men and women have changed places after the main characters of the wife puts some kind of spell on him as a result of his cheating habits. Not only that this transition will happen because of what appear to be cutting edge, the space age, CGI effects familiarity with what I guess would be the 70s, but the whole story just goes down the drain. The rest of the film is nothing but a cheesy predictable situations and intelligent ship. To top it all (and I think I should warn you now! ** SPOILER ALERT **) all this is a dream. Oh, who did not see that coming? Oh man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the film. Well, after about an hour had I start thinking "?? hmmm something just does not seem right about the soundtrack, but it can be ?? "?? and then it will be me half of music in the film was adapted from a video game called King FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> If on when DR you give us the film we can name a work of art?!?! Maybe comedy to match France Amelie, or flick actions in accordance Thailand Ong-Bak, animation, like Akira was in Japan, witty crime thriller, as the puff was in England, or the socio-awakening journey in the waking state was here from the state. <br /> <br /> ... I wanted to give him one, but I've seen much worse, out of the DR, search Los Jodedores, and you'll know what I'm saying.
