Youth Victor Vargas: overview <br /> <br /> You know, youth Victor Vargas, like sticking your hands in a large, steaming bowl of oatmeal. It's warm and sticky, but you are not sure, if it feels good. Try as I might, no matter how warm and sticky Raising Victor Vargas began I have always been aware that something was not quite feel. Victor Vargas suffers from a certain self-confidence on the part of the director. Apparently, the director believes that the ethnic background of the Latin American family on the lower east side, and an idyllic plot makes the film critic proof. He was right, but it did not disappoint. Youth Victor Vargas is the story of a boy of seventeen named, you guessed it, Victor Vargas (Rasuk), who has lived his teenage years chasing skirt more than the Rolling Stones could do all those years, they toured. The film begins in the bedroom 'Ugly Fat »Donna, where Victor is sure to seduce her, but a shout from outside violates his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes-a-looking for him. Caught in an attempt to Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas runs for damage control. However, even with the awkward bearing in mind that he was boffing in homeliest girl next door, did not deter the young Victor to raise on the hunt for more fresh meat. In the hot New York day they make a path to the local public pool, where the eyes of Victor catch a glimpse of a beautiful young nymph Judy (Judy Marte), which is not only beautiful, but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy became the focus of the film. The story also focuses on the family of Victor, consisting of his grandmother or Abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by real-life brother Victor Sylvester Russek) and his sister Vicki (Krystal Rodriguez). The action follows Viktor between scenes with Judy and scenes with his family. Victor tries to cope with the hyper-be pimps Pope, his feelings for Judy and his grandmother conservative Catholic upbringing. <br /> <br /> Problems Youth Victor Vargas few, but glaring errors. Throughout the film, you will learn some of the characters, such as Wicca, Nino, grandmother, Judy and Judy's best friend even Meloni. The problem is, we do not know Victor Vargas except that he is the biggest gigolos in the neighborhood. We know that he knows how to lick his lips, and combed it here, and carry yourself for the sake of courting the girls in the bag, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano, and quietly Well, you could see his award on the family piano. We know that his sister Nicki, this gossip loving girl with an invested interest in watching television. We know that a hardworking grandmother traditional Latina woman trying to raise their children with the conservative world of excessive corruption. But where the title character, Victor Vargas? He is in this movie somewhere, but we know just what the film tells us. This is certainly the biggest flaw of the film. Victor Vargas not only the character, but the ping-pong ball, which jumps between scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas actually. This is important because, as I said the only thing that we know Victor Vargas is that he is sexually active teenager with a libido the size of Manhattan. He is the alpha male. Victor Vargas is not of such a nature, I sympathize with all. Why would anyone? Thus, by the end of the film, in the period after menopause we really led to believe that somehow Victor Vargas reached any depth and learned his ways of error? How could such a two-dimensional character has any depth? If only the director was worried a little more about the specification of its main character, instead of worrying about what the perfect handheld shot. <br /> <br /> Raising Victor Vargas animates the world of Latin American part of the neighborhood on the big screen. The fact that few films have done before in the past. The film was praised for feeling so real, and I will not <br /> <br /> argue with that. I have not seen this level of reality, as the CBS broadcast Survivor. Seriously, although the film has some good pictures of cities, the writer / director Peter Sollett was too dependent on the close-up and shooting with his hands. This problem is especially noticeable in the interior scenes that are so claustrophobic I was forced to perform deep breathing exercises to keep handing out. As the film goes on, the shots get tighter and tighter to the face of the cut-off from the forehead to the chin on the screen; You can almost smell of cheap cologne Victor Vargas. The overall effect is impossible in contrast. Domestic scenes of city apartments, to make them look small and cramps, which is not true. I have been in these types of apartments; I used to live in the other. They do not splendorous, but they have high ceilings and they are worthy accommodations. According to the standards of the film you would think that these apartments were 5x5 cells brick and mortar, chipped paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, the constant use of Sollett for close-up and one particularly bad shot from shtoby on stage come off as quite amateurish. But Raising Victor Vargas, only the second film Sollett, and its most well-known, a solid effort in the film industry, which we hope to get better as he continues to make films. One review I read summarized the film as `ethnicity for the sake of ethnicity in" and I can not disagree. If Victor Vargas was a really great movie and the plot, the applicability of the characters does not matter whether they were Latino of, Chinese, and etc. However, if you were to take this story and stick it in a suburb of the middle class with a bunch of white children Teeny -bopper results would not have been such glowing reviews, and we see the flaws in the film more clearly. Indeed, some other aspects of Latinos in this m film bother me. Although some aspects of Victor Vargas are correct others I have a doubt. For example, Victor Nino and Vicky all in one room to sleep. This is an alarm for me, because it seemed contrary to I think so. Any self-respecting Latino family will not have two older brothers, who share the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking with my grandmother, I I knew that my problem with it was justified. Given how conservative grandmother, you would think that would be Vicky sleep in his room. <br /> <br /> In Latino of, who grew up in more conservative Cuban household, raised by my grandmother while my mother was working full-time, I could relate to the movie in many ways, so it is critical from the point of view ' They are sad, because I really wanted to like this movie. Unfortunately I did not have respect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film. Perhaps this is because Victor Vargas reminds me of those guys who had to be laid while I was playing with my Sega Genesis, when I was seventeen. Maybe it's because without any further introspection of the film, Victor Vargas, a hot Latino of stereotypes, which just end up crying girl out of his car, `Hey laurel-bee, du want to get into my LUV Mah- Cheen? In any case, I do not like him, so that in the end, how can I enjoy a film about it? So, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to put your hands in a bowl of cereal. <br /> <br />
