I have never been an ardent spectator «Crocodile Hunter», but sometimes see an episode, or a little episode, and when the news spread of the death of Steve Irwin stingray attack in 2006, it certainly got my attention. This film, with Steve and his wife, Terry, playing himself, but in a fictional story, was released in 2002, but I did not hear about it until a few years later, and even then, it took me some time to get around to view it. Well, now I've seen it, and after looking here first (more than once), and seeing its rating, I was not surprised by how unimpressive he was, even though it might be a little better. Apparently, it has to be a comedy, so the main problem is that it's not very funny. <br /> <br /> A US satellite beacon falls from space and land in Australia, where he had swallowed a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin is on a mission to capture the crocodile to the place where he terrorizes the cattle ranch that belongs crazy Brozzie Drewitt, and does not know that it's something two CIA agents sent to Australia to get the lighthouse! Agents help Joe Buckley, and the owner of the ranch and her dog would make the mission more difficult for them! Steve mission and Terry, they are faced with other types of dangerous wild animals, not just the crocodile, and so they do not have a clue about what the crocodile are nothing unusual in it, when Steve sees a CIA agent after them, it takes them for a poacher! <br /> <br /> I do not just do not laugh once while watching the film, the only part that really made me smile Steve Irwin, using a large snake to scare off one of the CIA agents. Also, I do not think that I have found nothing even slightly amusing. It's also a bit incoherent mess, switching from the Australian outback to the CIA headquarters, and it looks like clips from «Crocodile Hunter» and clips from the action thriller (or something similar), put together for some reason. Have also been added to this mixture are ranch scenes, which also seems to be somewhere else, and as funny as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, she must be wrong. At some point, we see it rumbling, so we have a fart joke, MAJOR cliché in modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist? I also found the typical «Crocodile Hunter» scene with Steve crocodile wrestling and performing other hazardous things and talk about them audience to be tedious, but I think the fact that I was never a devout fan of the show did not help. <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin was fond of by many as conservationists, and unfortunately missed them, and there are those who say that it is confused with nature and had it coming to him. No matter which side you're on "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course» is not a well-crafted film. I am sure that it will not help if you are a big fan of Steve Irwin, but even if you do, there is no guarantee that you would like this film, as some fans apparently was not impressed. In fact, it seems that some of them have found this film to be worse than I have, so maybe it will not help. As I have said, there is no guarantee. I would say that you can think of Steve Irwin and his show, this film was not necessary. Trying to combine what is usually seen in the "Crocodile Hunter» with fictional stories, unfortunately, it did not succeed, and the viewer may find that this film seems to be more than ninety minutes!
