Forest damned begins five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) & Ally (Sophie Holland) together with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Patty) and Andrew (David Hood), went for a week long holiday 'in the middle anywhere, "their word is not. In any case, before they know it, they are deep in the forest and Emilio clumsily running over a woman (Frances Da Costa), as well as much of the injured person to add to their van problems they are traveling in does not start, and they can not get any or signals on their mobile phones. They need to find help quickly, so Molly Judd and wander in the hope to find a home, as time passes, and the darkness begins to fall, it is clear that they are not alone and that there is something hidden in the woods opposite ... <br /> <br /> This British production was written and directed by Johannes Roberts and looked at a few other comments and reviews, both here on IMDb, and through the Internet woods damned seems to share the view of some loving it and others do not have years, he personally did not do much for at all. The script credited to Roberts screen, but here on IMDb, he lists Joseph London with "additional scripting material," whatever that means, the film is your basic outback chopper-type things like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) with your primary stranded faceless teenage victim being bumped off, but uses an interesting concept of the fallen angels who roam the woods and kill people because of the fact that he never explained any great pleasure. Then there's Steven plays ever fantastic Savinykh Tom, who had never given any justification for what he does. He was there to get the victim to the angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew, hitting his head? The story is very loose, it never felt like a real movie. Poor character, dialogue is not much better, and the absence of any significant history makes it difficult to get into it or take care of everything that happens. Having said that, it moves to the sound pace and there are some decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director Johannes nothing much to do, it's not particularly stylish or a Flash movie to watch. There's a few decent horror scenes and the character of Tom Savini great when he is on the screen (although for some reason he did not hear Judd violation door down with an ax while fleeing with Molly?) And it's a shame when he gets killed. There are some decent baked blood scenes here, somebody hit their head in, there is a beheading, someone gets a gun blew up, someone in the throat with a biting, whose lip was bitten off and ripped in half. There is also a sufficient number of female frontal nudity, not that it really helps. <br /> <br /> Technically Forest damned OK, it's quite well done, but nothing too special and eye-catching. It was filmed in England and Wales and it is quite strange to see English setting for a very American theme reverse horror. Actions are usually quite poor to save for Savinykh, which deserves to be better than this. Horror Author Shaun Hutson is awkward cameo at the end and prove that he must adhere to write, not to act. <br /> <br /> Forest of the Damned was quite poor horror film, it seems to have supporters there so maybe I'm missing something, but it's not a movie, I have a lot of affection for. Apart from one or two decent points there is not much here to recommend.
