From the beginning, the movie was terrible! Why was it so bad ?? If this is not naked women, not only in need of a decent plastic surgeon, but the experience of the dentist, then a free hand with Colgate whitening !! Then it's "crazy" old man at a gas station, which is not so much mind, but the more "I'm not sure how to act very much, so I look straight ahead and look just as silly as I can, pretending to cry in robotic tones about something in the woods "!! then back to these naked nymphs who need a cure for gingivitis .... apparently not touching you ... and this is in accordance with the opening scene .... they can cause a nasty looking red rash on your neck that I assumed that a piece of flesh is missing e, but it looks as if it could do with some of the TCP, to clean it right. Then you have Sophie Holland, who plays Ally, I have never seen such baaaaaad act, it is a "me me me, if I do not not having fun no-one else there, and I do not want to do it, so I will not, and I have a sneaky cow on the planet, I'm sarcastic, fine and if I do not get things out of my way I'm going to pout! "a man ... . reminds me more of a ratio of 6 year old girl. I do not think it's even worth mentioning the terrible camera angles that remind me of the Blair Witch, or as a low-budget film was actually that when Judd was hacking into the "closed" door she was actually discovered before it reached to unlock it from the other side !! This film is completely ridiculous! If it was a parody, he would have been successful ... only the truth, but, like a horror movie was just plain wrong !!! I can not even begin to describe everything that happened so! D in this movie I would run out of the room! Despite the fact that it was fun to watch Andrew ~ d drip raspberry juice in the ear every time he opened his mouth, while Savinykh character was completely blind to the two hiding under the table directly in sight !! It was even funnier when the two thought they could escape to the damn tractor, which, as we all know, you're the number one car hated to stay behind, because it so god damn slow! So is it any wonder that they do not get away with it ?? And how many people do you know that you can cut open his wrist, and then run for a few hours, as if nothing had happened! A lot of pain, there is no weakening from loss of blood, nothing? But the stupid part, if all of a sudden (and I mean that literally), this is one year later and Molly still roams the woods after the nymph fled, and then lo and behold, Shaun Hutson takes its course ... do not jump the queue to promote their books !! (Altho the truth, he is one of my fav authors), but suddenly i absolutely no hint of xplanation as to how and why ... it is evil itself and beckons Hutson before his death, then we cut to a crazy dude from the outset suddenly wandered through the woods with a gasoline can, even after his "dazzling" performance on why no one should ever risk it for some reason ... ki nymphs stupid slappin each other around a bit for fun while the Var 'Yat poured gasoline everywhere. ... and then ends the film .... finally! My conclusion .... if you have not guessed .... absolute nonsense! There was no proper thought did not enter into it at all, who needs shooting aiming the camera ... and if you think that just 99% of the actors! If the right director, actors, and the budget was for this could be decent. But, again, a low-budget horror films in English, but the rest of the genre, country, and the British shooting industry shame !! (And I in English, so I am entitled to say that)! In fact the only decent and fascinating part of the film in the first 15-20 minutes, when we watch it transform from night to day on the type of field area. All I kept thinking around it was "Jesus Christ in heaven, why oh why do you allow someone to do it, testicles its absolute cow !!" But I can not turn the film after I started watching it is, unfortunately. I had then just watch From Dusk Till Dawn to remind yourself that Tom Savini really has it in him to act well! If there is an opportunity to 0/10, then believe me, I have chosen, what would have happened, because this movie is not even worth one point, I give him! <br /> <br /> But this is only my opinion, to look at it and decide for yourself.
