This film actually works with a pretty original idea - I've never seen nymphs, who were thrown out of the sky in a horror movie before, in any case. However, the manner in which it carries out this idea is not original in the least; we follow a bunch of kids who, for some reason decided to take a trip into the woods. The fact that the forest is inhabited by the nymphs make it more interesting than just another timber filled with cattle / crazy / zombies, etc .; but in fact, the monsters just a variation on the general theme of horror in the woods. Many films of this kind do not have a good idea - and it would seem that this is one wore their brain cells from just one. The only real asset is that the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women that thirst characters, not hideous grotesque that they want to get away from. It is well up to a point; but he soon gets boring, and the almost complete absence of any history surrounding the central monster ensures that the film would never get yourself out of "fear garbage" category. <br /> <br /> It's been years since the Evil Dead did Polissia prime location of horror, and, in spite of such films as The Blair Witch Project; it still makes for a great atmosphere of terror. This is one of the main assets of the film, as the forest is a good impression on the suspense - the only problem is that the forest is cursed not always seem to have a lot of sleeves. death sequences show a distinct lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are clichéd to extremes does not help, because you will likely be pleased to see them to kill rather than hoping that they can get away. The cast consists of children in general, but there is a role here for Tom Savinykh; which, unfortunately, does not get to have fun in the special effects department. The only real event in the film is, where staff are concerned, it comes from the nymphs themselves. Naked ladies, as a rule, look great, and if it was not for them, this film will get very boring very quickly. There's nothing to really recommend this film; but if you want Daft little horror film that goes back to the style of the eighties Woodland clicks, you can find fun here.
