People have tried to make me believe that the premise of this bad supernatural horror / thriller was inspired by real last words spoken by authentic serial killer (whose name escapes me at the moment). Awaiting execution in the electric chair, he claimed that his soul will come back to life and continue on an endless spree killing. It's not a very original idea revolves horror movie on the way. Other low-cost Turkey implemented the same basic premise as the "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine." Anyway, «The First Power» (a.k.a «Pentagram») is not entirely terrible effort, but the script is too returns to the cliché and lacks real thrill. The film begins as well, albeit mundane serial killer movie in which obsessive cop hero Lou Diamond Phillips pursues maniac who carves a bloody pentagram in the trunks of their victims. He gets some unexpected help from the spiritual environment, plays a lovely and underrated Tracy Griffith. It leads him to the killer, but asked not to execute him, as this will lead to even greater disaster! Thanks to the helpful tips Tess, Detective logo quickly grabs the killer and is celebrating its death penalty, but Patrick Channing made a pact with Satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of California to do some killing. «The First Power» gets pretty bad after the killer reincarnate as a vengeful spirit. Instead of using it again obtained the satanic forces to destroy the entire world (that's what I would do in his situation), Channing prefer just to play a cat and mouse game with his nemesis copper. He annoyingly calls it the "Buddy-Boy» is constant and has a body of friends and colleagues, Logan, to deceive him. Even though not very sad or badly understood it is a very weak film to endure, mainly because you constantly get the feeling tubs-ro. Writer / director Robert Reznikov shamelessly uses every cliché terrible (the killer was sexual abuse in childhood) and even the players line can be easily predicted. Once Griffith explains that it is able to predict the future, you just know that somewhere at some point in the film, she is going to tell a funny abused line "I tell people to live their lives, but the life of its own mess." He. performance Lou Diamond Philips company is small enough, but it's pretty hard to make this young rebel with the "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver" Seriously, how hard copper. There, too, are worthy of support roles for Mykelti Williamson ( "Forrest Gump"), Argenziano ( "When a Stranger Calls") and B-horror movie legend David Gale ( «Re-Animator») is in a tiny cameo in the beginning of the film.
