Awful! Awful! Awful! No, I do not like it. It was obvious that the aim of the film was: keep track of Wheeling and dealing with the "gates" that produce the film. In some cases, these are people who represent themselves, but what they are. I do not need a movie to tell me how shallow some of the people in the film industry there. I suppose that's my fault really because I was expecting something like "Roman Holiday." <br /> <br /> I'm not a film-maker and I do not take the lessons of the movie, but it seemed to me that the film consists of a series of "two shots" (in the main), where actors (!) has been supplied with a loose plot line, and they had to improvise dialogue. Henry Jaglon makes a statement that he and Victoria Foyt actually wrote the script, but the impression that the actors, who confessed to the general direction of the film, the improvised dialogue - and it was not always successful. Such is the case in point was when Ron Silver made some comments that do not actually flow along the lines of conversation (and I'm not going back to look at it!) And Scacchi laughed in spite of the fact that they must have been having serious discussion, because Silver remark was such a non sequitur. You get the impression that as one actor intentionally trying to "wrong foot" another actor and break his / her concentration. Another example is when a manufacturer says Silver, "to bring the & *% # @ # ^ Documents" (3 times). The silver species literally lost word. I saw another film that was similar to a series of theater workshops on improvisation, and it was awful too! <br /> <br /> The fact that Jaglon managed to attract Scacchi (no stranger to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk s and Maximilian Schell believes that it was a "slow news week" for them. Peter Bogdanovich was "that-The-hell-I-doing-here look on his face at all times, and I expected to hear him say:" look and I am the director and writer - not an actor "- that would be superfluous to say! Faye Dunaway, seemed more interested in promoting his son, Liam. In addition to supplying jerks dialogue handheld camera became irritable, even if it was for credibility - as I suspect that the "natural" dialogue - and became interested in the principles referred to in the interests of a variety of young people who go on trying to thread is rubbed into the frame. At least, I went to the cinema Verite. So, along with the annoying French singing, during which time I used the mute button, made for generally disappointing 90-plus minutes. <br /> <br /> I think that we should avoid apotheosising films like this. Trying to see the value in the film, where it has a small loan in order to justify the perceived transcendental, that it is wrong. There was not really anything avant-garde about it. He did not come across as a work of art, and yet he was not a documentary. I know it was the mocumentary, but the real test is this is interesting. I was bored out of my skull! He had one redeeming: it is pronounced "Cannes" right, so I gave it a 3/10.
