"I do not understand. None of this does not make sense! "Exclaimed one angry character until the end of Death smiles at murder. Just I sat through it thoroughly tangled mess of a movie, I know exactly how he feels. Story, the film's director Aristides Massacessi (plain old Joe DAmato using your real name to change), it is an awkward mix of supernatural, murder / mystery, and pretentious rubbish arts, the likes of which is likely to appeal to those who are fond of hypnotic garbage 70s such as the more bizarre efforts Jess Franco, but I struggled to stay awake. <br /> <br /> Opening of a humpback mourns the death of his beautiful sister (with whom he has an incestuous affair, before eventually losing her dashing doctor) Death smiles murder soon becomes very confusing when the same woman ( played by Ewa Aulin, who plays equally strange "Death laid an egg") visible, alive and well, the only survivor of the bus accident that occurs outside of the estate of Walter and Eva von Ravensbrück. After the invitation to stay and recuperate in their home, where she tended to by the terrible Dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinski in the role) blank, the pretty girl starts a love relationship with both Mr. and Ms. Ravensbrück (which means that viewers are turning to some are short, but the desired scenes Nookie and lesbian Lovin «). <br /> <br /> "so far, so good," I thought at that moment, "we had a hunchback, incest, blood and guts and gratuitous female nudity '?? all the ingredients of the big bad euro-horror; Next, however, it is a lame attempt to combine Massacessi yellow marble-style murder, ghostly goings on, and even elements of Edgar Allan Poe's "Black Cat", to say very stupid, absolutely amazing, and ultimately, a very sad story about revenge. from beyond the grave <br /> <br /> This film seems to have a lot of fans here on IMDb, but given the choice, I would like to see one of the films with director sleazier later in his career; I think it strange, meandering, surreal 70s gothic horror just not my thing! 2.5 from 10 (for pure blood and cheese nekkidness), rounded up to 3 IMDb.
