Horror fans (I'm talking to more than 12-ies, though, if you are under 12 years old, I'm sorry for what you might find insulting): In short, if you value having your imagination violated well-written, original speaking , punctuated by unpredictable and well planted horror stories delivered through a strong performance, I can heartily recommend - AVOID THESE steamers - made by directors who, apparently long-overdue sell by date. It is no coincidence that almost every episode feels as if it was done in the 1980s. Does not put the blame on the shoulders of some of these boys (or even the 80s), but where would we be without some of the films with similar Argento, Carpenter, Landis, Dante and Barker (actually Clive, the WTF are you doing in there ! Glad to see Romero had the good sense to give it a miss, as I'm sure that he was asked to take part ...). More than perhaps we should point the finger at the creator Mick Garris, whose powers include the logic and ignores woefully ill-advised remake of the TV masterpiece of Stanley Kubrick's "The Shining." <br /> <br /> Perhaps this is an indication of the state of television today. Are we so starved good television horror that we welcome any old careless hack-work that our network excretion sets? Unfortunately, it may be so. <br /> <br /> I usually do not see any reason to add a comment that does not argue the advantages and disadvantages of production, I would just evaluate it accordingly. However, because this series is very lacking in any merit (perhaps the sole exception of the theme tune), I am writing this as more than a review of warning: do not waste time and money. If you do not agree with me, then it is more than likely that you have not seen a decent enough horror. Perhaps some of the early films of these directors would be much better to start, but if the "Master" Terror were evaluated on these studies alone, they would never have allowed to finish with an even degree of Bachelor. Unless, of course, they have not been trained in the specialty of the University of S ** t.
