Frankly speaking, the concept of "Masters of Horror" something going for it. Big time horror directors, who are now staying away from the industry to be given the chance to direct the horror once again, I'm all for it from the outset. That is, until I watched some episodes ... Oh, boy, this is really bad TV. Not only that, it looks like the director is given a very small budget to guide their parody, but there seems to be guidelines, as well as in HD shooting, for example. To make a long story short, it's bad for artistic reasons and financial reasons. I can not help but compare it with «Tales From The Crypt», and M.o.H. episodes really do not stand comparison. TFTC was good, MOH bad; for me there are several keys to explain this: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes for each episode) than the MOH (50 minutes of the episode), I think that has allowed denser screenplays, with good ideas discrepancies often better inspection episode less likely to plot to mislead or boring. The duration may also be the reason why the budget is better spent on TFTC: producers should have a real film music composers (composers at the Ministry of Health appear when their absence is very bad), REAL actors (while at MOH nothing but an unknown actor after unknown actor!), REAL cameramen and this can help those, REAL film cameras (while MOH shot on HD cameras with very wrong selected-pieces lens), which resulted in the fact that TFTC episodes looked and felt "a cinematic I "in the sense that there are real actors to be cast, from the Michael J. Fox Tim Roth in MacLachlan Kirk Douglas, but were also the composers of the film behind him, in the range of Alan Sylvester, great cameramen as Dean Candy, leading writers and this sense every "fairy tale" was a small film about his own true nature. Compared with the TFTC «Masters of Horror" pretty lame approach to horror television. It's very hard to stand looking at it, if your standards for Cinematography is only slightly above average, because it looks just like any ugly episode, if not worse. He gets sad, and even annoying extremely quickly, within the first 10 minutes usually. Actors never heard before-imitators (for Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Bettis, and except for a few, but even there, they are the only known cast their episodes). Director basis for MoH was good in the beginning, but it gets worse and worse with each episode: Now, even if the directors unknown world, what remains? Nothing! And it's funny how they begin to have a complete unknown filmmakers, as they have not yet been, say, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Erik the Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Moore, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy. .. even if the "Masters of horror" can not bring the dead back to life director, who will? Maybe relaying tales of a basement will.
