We open with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original Universal Soldier and his buxom Asian friend chased down the river that seems to be universal soldiers. They nearly to score two, then to wait, it was just a field test. Devereaux we came to find is now part of the state-funded company that is developing a new level of universal soldiers. Why he wanted to participate in it (if you know anything about the original) is never explained and is far behind me. <br /> <br /> It is after this fragile part of the set that the real story gets going. The United States government to reduce the universal soldier of the project budget and in the process angered CET (large artificial computer that controls Universal Soldier). Naturally, it will not be closed without a fight. So Van Damme should go and take a whole new generation of universal soldier with. That sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and take on a sequel, but that does not prevent him from becoming stupid as hell. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new universal soldier played by Bill Goldberg. It seems you can not go wrong casting Wrestler in an action movie. He's big, he's tough, is not it? Wrong. Van Damme does not seem to have problems wipe the floor with him ... one ... two ... three times. The point here is lost on me. Then there is the breaking of glass. Vestigial part of any action movie, but someone has to be involved in the glass fetish. You should see the fight scenes in particular. Let's not talk about that no one hurts themselves or, at least, near misses. Then put the cherry on top of this train wreck, they have set (computer) to provide for the human body itself and how the way it is, if they make the villain Black (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a white good guy fighting the bad guy is black, it would seem. Potentially offensive and only very inaccurate. It does not replace Dolph, either. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 lousy sequel. It's loud, it's stupid, and do not care. The original was nothing poetic, but he made a simple kind of sense with science fiction element and entertain on a basic level. Continued doing. They nevertheless retain the work for ninety minutes, and somehow found a way to squeeze in a sequence of a strip club. So give credit where credit is due.
