I first heard of UNISOL 2, when I passed by a movie, when I was on holiday in America. I really did not pay much attention to it until I bought the original on DVD, which led me to learn about its three sequels. Over time I began to read about the return on IMDB and asked friends what they think about it. Despite the criticism of this terrible, I still went out of their way to see him, and was on the point of purchase, as long as I did not see it out on DVD. I was not expecting much, but thought that it should be half decent to get a theatrical release in the US, after all, how often is it that you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could have prepared me for this. It's so bad, I almost cried. What a waste of 80 minutes and £ 2,50. It's hard to explain how bad this movement. Honestly. This stupid movie creation. No, it's more than stupid. I just can not believe how it was done. I can not believe that someone out there did not kill Mic Rodgers. How silly people can possibly be - first, Van Damme actually thinks the script and the finished film was good. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkeley, Terminator 2 and Air Force One status, committed themselves to this film. I just can not believe that the absurdity of the film. He takes so seriously, but the audience comes across as a parody. Here is an example: JC daughter (so Luke is now man again) - "I want my daddy», SETH- «So I am." Oh yeah, and some guy is trying to close the Seth, pulling three tremendous leverage with - wait for it - ON or OFF written on them. It operates round garden effect. I'm sure Mr. Director modeled reporter friend Luc on April O'Neil from the cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - she refuses to go because it "... need her story." I mean come on - how many cliches can be possible to use the film? Please listen to my colleague users IMDB - do not touch it with a barge pole. In conclusion, Universal Soldier: The Return has no relation to the first film. In fact, if they were not called UniSols, you would never know it was going on. Luke is now a man again - what the hell!?! The only place where he can get access to the Internet is in StripClub. All new sols Uni look they pulled out into the street, that they are not convincing. This is pure torture to watch, so do yourself a favor - do not torment yourself. P.S - The best part of the movie: Romeo jumps off the building and shouted, "Oh sh * g".
