After watching low-budget shittier «Universal Soldier" version of the franchise, I hoped and prayed that Van Damme has fulfilled its role as Luke Devoreaux second Unisol film. Well, it seemed that this prayer was heard, but not as I had hoped. Universial Soldiers-just intense, like a poetry reading at your local library. No, even that would be more intriguing. Fight sequences are top-notch quality of Bruce Lee, which is the only redeeming factor in all of this miserable excuse for a movie. This is having a former WCW tough guy legend «Goldberg» plays the villain. However, placing Goldberg's sidekick Lieutenant Seth would have been better. <br /> <br /> We have wronged me most was the creation of the film. It's like some film school students slapped it together. Hole section is that more than ego Kanye West is what really made this film in example :. Daughter of Luke, Hilary looks like it is at least 11-13 years, while the first film was made seven years ago. How is this possible? Tell me that! A portion in which Luke's partner was killed and turned into UNISOL simply re fucking diculous! You mean to tell me that there was an experimental UNISOL exposed naked in the basement of a research complex at the beginning of the film. Come on. The director could have spent more time with this film, as the first and sewed all the plot holes are closed. But ohh nooo! <br /> <br /> Speaking of the plot, it sucks! Compared to the first film, the plot Universal Soldier 2 watered down and does not cost anything. Where rough thrill, which is obsessed with UNISOL UE-playing his last memories of the excitement in the supermarket thinking his Desert Storm or something? It was at the dawn of the millennium, you would attract a large audience, if it took place in a dystopia Orwell / type of the future dump. Banal correct adjective to describe it is a sad, sad, sad sequel. <br /> <br /> From what I've seen: Double Impact, Under Siege 2 Robocop 3, and hell, even a cheap ass / No Class Terminator knock-off "class of 1999" is more interesting than this!
