Well, I saw this film in order to obtain a sample for the bad, but with this film is the best film UNISOL is now subject Luc Deveraux is now a technician who works with the government with his partner Maggie, who has gone through countless hours of training and combat , improve and perfect the UNISOL program in an attempt to make a new, stronger breed of soldier that is more sophisticated, intelligent and agile. All new Unisols, which are faster and more powerful than their predecessors, linked by an artificial intelligence computer system called SET, in a self-develops thoughts Helix. If SETH discovers that Universal Soldier program is scheduled to close because of budget cuts, he takes matters into his own "hands" to protect themselves. To kill those who are trying to turn off his power, and the unleashing of his platoon of super soldiers, led by musclebound Romeo, SETH parts Devereaux only because brother-in-law has a secret code, which is required to disable the built-in program that disable Seth down for a few hours . With the help of a hacker by the name of Squid, SETH takes human form. Not only must contend with ambitious Luc reporter Erin, who will not leave his side, but Luke also have to contend with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop the CET. CET also kidnapped the injured 13-year-old daughter Hillary Luke, and now holds her hostage. Luke is the only person who can save Hillary because hatch knows firsthand how UNISOL thinks, feels and fights. Now there are some problems, like in any movie, as somebody who found it strange that the reporter just-so-happened to be there, and soldiers can take the crushing with a truck, but if Vanne Dam removes them with a gun with one bullet, and they die and the last fight scene was incredible, when Luke is now a man and Seth 5x stronger and faster than any other UNISOL and Luke can take a hit from him. with the final battle, when Luke breaks it to pieces, I was very surprised that the parts do not melt and reform it (Terminator 2). Another thing that bugs me, how the hell, Vanne Damme get good actor to play a relative, I mean in the case of Vanne Damme it completely from the mains, as the fiction of the film. Music Score must now mention you ever listened to the song where you want to cut a board with a knife Universal Soldier 2 well like that. Good point there Dolph (URA), and unlike the first there is only one nude scene, whereas in the first there are a lot (I'm still chasing scene in # 1) and the actors in it there is some talent while first casting guys were sadists (if you do not believe me look it up)
