In his description of the miserable Milanese underclass, this film was probably very revealing in his day. Nevertheless, I feel that neorealism was never actually directed by De Sica bag, as here, he decided to try and create a modern fighters centering around the boy, who was found in the cabbage on the old road in the country. Having spent most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto ends life in the slums of Milan. It organizes resident in social activities, and keeps their spirits up swanning around with the annoying constant smile on his face and test them on the multiplication table. It's no one tells him where to stick their tables just for me, because these people have much more important things to think about how, where, following Pot Noodle is going to come from. Anyway, De Sica then uses sublimely subtle dramatic device to emphasize why these poor turf, where they are. It's all up to capitalism, of course, and in order to illustrate this, it has Miserables open fountain of oil on their land. Brilliant! To his credit, though, so far he has refused the serious film, and the capitalists appear as severe caricatures, all fur, and cigars. They want this land, but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense. According to the country's success, his old guardian of the dead days of cabbage appears in the sky, and gives him a magic dove. He uses it to shower gifts on their comrades, who proved as greedy as men cigars. I believe that this film was released. In order to address the topic of poverty, since not many filmmakers have been done so far, and then you get into a fairy tale, it seems a little crazy. How did "great" director to leave the children's story is like those we see here? Hans Christian Andersen is likely to renounce the thought of the poor Luda fly off on Milan's Duomo and a higher place on broomsticks. De Sica, however, is declared as a genius for that. Of course, the fact that these people are so poor that their faith is unwavering, and that miracles do not happen to them, enough for any storyteller work. <br /> <br />
