The mind boggles at what a universal soldier deserves a sequel. So like a true star, Dolph Lundgren, was unable to repeat his role from the original, there is already a poor reason to indulge in the obvious tax write-off. Bold attempt to fill this gap with a professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. To their credit, they give their action sequences a good sense of excitement. Goldberg looks like he spends time of his life on this film, and he makes a fair stab at completing the necessary comedic villain. This time, his role type, which includes a repetition of the same line several times, and he does not get annoying. The problem from the point of view of the audience is that none of these gentlemen really have a sense of comic timing or minor humility that makes Lundgren is a pleasure to watch almost all of his films. And therein lies the problem. You do not go to see Van Damme movie, because you want to serious action. You go because you want comedy, however unintentional. <br /> <br /> Unbeknownst to many, Universal Soldier followed by two direct sequels in the video. I only saw the first, which had a value of production is so bad, one can only wonder where he was supposed to be some complicated joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrible as Luc Deveraux, this time in his career, kind of Jean-Claude Van Damme comes as a welcome relief. The film is more or less completely ignores the history of the aforementioned straight to video sequel, and instead starts a whole new set of stories indefinitely after the events of the original. After several years of investigation and explanation UNISOL project is still going ahead, with some minor changes. On the one hand, new Unisols stronger and more damage resistant than their earlier cousins. On the other hand, all Unisols are now under the guidance of a supercomputer called SET. In the early parts of the film, Seth exists mainly in the form of a series of abstract graphics inside a glass dome. <br /> <br /> Given that the movie lasts a little more than eighty minutes, we quickly said that funding for the military cut. The UNISOL project is on the chopping block, which essentially means that the CET will be turned off. SETH, overheard the conversation through the means that have never really explained, it decides Unisols mobilize the army against those who try to close it. His only problem is that every so often, you must enter the code into their system in order to prevent automatic shutdown. Two men have the code in question. SETH first kills in a short time, and those who are familiar with a set of plot that Van Damme's films are constructed from guess within five seconds, who happens to be the second. The rest of the movie revolves around Unisols' trying to get the code with Van Damme, without hurting him too much. Podagovor with her daughter and a reporter is woven into the film, but it adds about as much to history as Van Damme makes the profession of action. <br /> <br /> The film is loaded to the brim with funny lines and clichés. If SET transplants his command module into the body of Michael Jai White, we get the question of how a person from time ended. He continues to tell his infantry, as fear and mortality will be the weakness of humanity (s). Gee, Seth, do you mean, they will not be our strengths? All jokes aside, the short length of the film as the film's weakness and his strength. It leaves the action without proper installation. In the original, we are given a very detailed explanation Unisols, how they work, and how they were brought to the state, which is seen in most of the film. Here the author seems to take it for granted that the audience knows that this UNISOL and how they work. At least in the original point of curiosity and surprise was created, leaving the film later explanation, when a character is in an ice bath. Here, one of the villains shot with a gun, which leaves a huge hole in a uniform (and, probably, his body) to give each time without stopping breathing. <br /> <br /> I usually leave at the expense of one of the movies that are so bad that they are quite entertaining unintentional way. If you can see it on the cheap, knock yourself. It is a kind of movie that makes me mourn the loss of Mystery Science Theater.
