When I was 16, I saw the documentary, "A funny thing happened on the way to the Moon." I really liked, and he believed in it for a few years. But then I grew up and began to think, and when I was looking for more information. It's more about the sources of the drums and unbiased sources. When I started at the university, not so long ago, I asked an assistant professor of astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: He said that all these theories, where lies. This puzzled me, I do not believe it, but then he presented evidence of his allegations. He quickly debunked most of the theories about the subject: "people do not go to the moon." Most outrageously claimed that the Apollo ship could not pass through the Van Allen Belt-radiation-without crew who die from radiation. The truth is that Americans are using the secret of aluminum-alloy anti-radiation. It is not that well known. And the exact specifications are secret. And why is it a secret: Well, why do they have to open it then ?? If they where in the space race with the Russian, then it would be very foolish to show that they had a new technology that could protect the crew from radiation <br /> <br /> And finally, the greatest proof of all :. moonstones. When Apollo Mission DID go to the moon, they brought a lot of rocks from the moon, to give the geologist and the same scientists who document everything about the moon. These rocks and stones in fact from the Moon. Because: Inside the main elements of which all matter is composed of, they are also made of special isotopes, which differ from career to career, earth to earth, and especially the planet from the planet. Isotopes of rocks and stones has been proven that they do not come from the earth. The astronauts brought home a hundred kilos's of these rocks, all of which have been proven to have come from abroad land, and from the same planet. Ergo: The moon-landing, where there is no fake. NASA has gone to another planet: the month, although it is not a planet, but the planet's satellite, the moon (duuh). These rocks are common in laboratories and universities around the world. Proved that people even go to the moon - it's a fact, Pronto <br /> <br /> But I'm not worried :. Most conspiracy theorists tend to be unemployed and uneducated, which is mainly why they do not know or lie about these facts. The fact remains that people walked on the moon.
