From this sad title to the flat performance of the actor, curdled very unremarkable film everywhere. The film received several fans as the fact that the name of Quentin Tarantino attached to it, and silly, and with a nod to the place Rodriguez / Tarantino film "From Dusk Till Dawn." These things do not make a great film, however, and it is more than obvious, all the way through "Sour". The film suffers from too obvious lack of ideas, and he was trying to mask it with the murders, which are designed to be stylish and events that should be alarming. Mexico score that accompanies many of the sequences in film obviously had meant to be cool, but it gets annoying very quickly, especially away from the fact that the protagonist is a Mexican, he does not fit the tone of the film The plot of the film, as a rule, unusual and worth gorehound who because of his. possession of gruesome murders, takes a job with a firm that cleans up the murder scene. it sounds boring and it. <br /> <br /> William Baldwin was the "single name" in the list of the cast, and even he does not impress. He was not given anything to do in the film and on the side of a conversation with his victims and, standing around trying to look menacing, he is largely wasted. Angela Jones, or better; a taxi driver with Pulp Fiction, takes the lead as the murder of a young woman possessed, and it is always clear that this is its relation to Pulp Fiction, which won her the role, rather than her acting ability. Maybe she was good enough in his small role in Tarantino's masterpieces, but it does not have the talent to lead the film independently. She looks lost and ridiculous for most of the film, and if not for her Latino accent; it will not convince the audience that she was eccentric at any level. Yogurt is a hundred percent proof piece of forgotten junk. Films like this often win praise themselves for inventing or black comedy antics; but this one will not work at all levels. If you are a fan of Tarantino, William Baldwin fan, a horror fan or just a fan of the movie; this is one to miss.
