This is quite possibly the most retarded 80-slasher ever realized, but as you can be harsh on the film, which shows the magnificent dozen non-stop images will give a thrilling body, doing aerobic exercise, taking a shower and wander in a concise gym clothes? Besides being a horror film, «Aerobicide» is a 90-minute promotional video to promote the use of steroids, silicone and other bodies promoting fitness products. If you want to leave out all the frames with hardworking boys lifting and delicious girls wiggling their examples and counter to the unbearable 80 tunes, there are probably only about 15 minutes left of the story. A lot of time to improvise a story about a sadistic killer slaughtering young health freaks with big pin (right ??). The film opens unintentionally funny scene of a girl getting fried between the electric device for sunbathing. In a few years people look dead in the same resort. You do not need to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to figure out whether there is a link between the murders and the burning incident, now does it? Investigating the case is, it would seem, Braindead cop (Charles Napier and double!) And Beefcake private detective who gets lucky with bustiest 80-beauty I have ever seen! Looking through loans, her name is Diana Copeland, apparently, and she did not do anything else other than this turkey and moronic Three-movie called «Surf Nazis Must Die». What missed opportunities! It can not be a great actress, but she is sure the other two big advantages that could help it move up in show business. Number of gore and quality makeup effects entirely nothing special, either. We were treated to a couple of amazing scabies with a pin and some barbecue human flesh. The plot twists near the end of a funny and unpredictable, but by that time no one takes seriously the film longer, anyway. «Aerobicide» (aka "Killer Workout») is recommended if you want to switch all your brain function on a single night, but still feel like watching a movie! It really would have made a terrific double-feature with «Death Spa». Both films have a lot of sex and barely dressed baby ?? and both films pretty stupid.
