On the surface, this film seems to be dealing with human psychology called individualization, that is, how to become a true self embracing the so-called "dark" side of human nature. Thus, we have the Darkling, classic shadow diabolical creature desperately looking for a company (ie, the recognition of) men, and the story revolves around the various ways in which this requirement is treated more or less successfully. <br /> <br /> However, if we dig deeper, we find that this film is really about how you should treat your car as you would to any other person: - in the first stage, the main character (male mechanic dropped from grace) were collected bits and pieces of road accidents with its daughter when Crash almost breaks little girl. Lesson № 1: Automobile person are embodied with an immortal soul, and theft of car accidents with serious identically robbery. Wicked disturb the dead, and should be punished. - only after that, one more character (Rubin) is buying a car accident had intended to renovate it and sell it, as once lost, is now found the famous racing car and alerted the seller. Lesson number 2: Just like any other person, the car has a unique identifier that can not be changed or replaced. In addition, there is a twist that Ruby actually see a hidden quality that most people just think they would like garbage, but in the end, it turns out that the quality of the projection of his own personal greed Rubin for more profit. Lesson number 3: You never refers to his car as a means only, but always as an end in itself. - we have a scene where the main character is introduced Rubin and, more importantly, the car of Rubin: evaluation of the protagonist qualities of the car not only on the basis of its appearance, but also by a thorough look inside the engine room. Lesson number 4: The car is not just judged on their appearance, it's what's inside that really counts. There is punishment in store for those who do not comply with this lesson in the form, as we see in the scene where the other person is trying to sell fake Ruby Collector car. This scene, by the way, also stresses the importance of lesson # 3 <br /> <br /> There are many other examples in the film of "car = person'-topic, and I'm too tired to bother with reference to all of them, but the point is (and I think that's what I'm really trying to say) that this film is fun to watch if you have absolutely nothing else to do - or, if you are faithful to the car.
