Near the final stage of the children's mother, one of the central characters goes on to describe the main outlines of all that was to be generalized and that it was just a mess "; I really could not say it better than that. And while their function has an odd ray of hope every now and again, the vast majority of what there is too neutered to be considered relevant and too unremarkable, there are no time. Dim throw secular script and vague, cartoon characters ubediutsya that the baby mama, of course, does not load ol 'head off, but he never makes up for this by offering a sense of humor. Consist mainly of very mundane, cliché jokes based around an odd pair (rich and poor) try to live with each other as they prepare to bring a child into the world, the film is too esoteric to deliver laughs outside its very thin population. <br /> <br /> in the history of the search for love, it's not so bad, but play this storyline as by the history of his family, to work together with the comedy-oriented odd pair of related, characteristic is particularly weak in resulting in sluggish novel that never bubbles. Like the characters themselves, as the central figure of a little funny when put together in small rooms, but if there were one quickly unravel and expose them void; Therefore, while we may eventually come to find the character's interaction with each other funny from time to time, the comedy never branch outside the distant titter; we do not feel for the characters and find them inherently interesting, and their dynamics. Unfortunately, though, this dynamic works best, or, at least, better than individual persons, as mentioned above, it is rarely stems beyond the typical boundaries of an odd couple formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey), a successful business woman who has hired the working class, the dumb blonde Angie (Amy Poehler) to be her unlikely surrogate, and after Angie decides to leave a hopeless husband Carl (the Dax shepard), and in the end, we have to learn to live together, despite their obvious differences. Yes, this is a typical odd steam room, and one that we have seen in this year What happens in Vegas, but what the baby mama is not enough that the above film was both a chemistry between performers and floor-layered characters. Kate and Angie, and do not always show a large part of the face outside of their two-dimensional outline, and as such as neglected performers play the roles that require chemistry to obtain from the air. In fact, the only real attraction of the film performance and character derived from underloaded talents Romany Malco, who gets rumble game a door man. On the few occasions when I laughed at my mother the baby, most of those moments, it was because of this man, and the rest, as a rule, have fallen by Shepard. <br /> <br /> This is a rare thing, of course, to find a movie that embodies the theme of his script in a way that he shot the world and presented to us through the camera, and still directed by Michael McCullers goes from page to screen is enough effectively. However, this is not necessarily good for the movie about babies, multi-million dollar business and cultural stereotypes. Mom-baby class A, unnatural, plastic tinsel-town with a capital hole topped with sugar. So not only do I feel emotionally distant to the characters because of their two-dimensional nature, but I just do not care about the world they inhabited. Dialogue, as well as sets, costumes and general themes of the scenario painted in pastel blue and pink so much that all shades of humanity lost in the constant need to make it to the director the film feel castrated imagination; this is not the characters, rather than our world in any way ?? so why should I care? At the end of the day however, the ultimate measure of a romantic comedy on the success or failure is reduced solely to its chemistry between her love interest, and the frequency of his laughter; The child's mom just happens in any of these departments. Of course, to say that the film is without any meaning at all it would be unfair. I'm sure the woman audience in a similar boat as the main character Kate might get some pleasure from the analysis, but someone probably just feel numb and probably boring. In this regard, the baby mother avoids unbearable, but never convinces us something different and worth a look on those outside their immediate audience; comedy and romance dud mismatch, Baby Mama is too frivolous to be interesting and too small to be interesting <br /> <br /> -. Review of Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
