I saw the film at the film festival in Belgrade, the movie last week, and I'm still working on the injury. In fact, in my opinion, seems to fit a number of other - the first half hour was fresh, spicy, deep, interesting and promising. Well I acted too. Natural. My problem, however, is not simply the fact that the last hour and a half of the film has nothing to do with a nice beginning, nor the fact that I spent most of that time in the throes of agony with a sharp, grilles industrial sounds and blinking on drunk , toothless, chewing bread Cargo. It is rather the fact that they never warned me !!! The festival brochure describes only the synopsis (very intriguing-sounding), the first half an hour - a whore, adjuster and meat seller a chat at the bar, pretending to be an advertising agent, genetic engineering, and a minor official government administration, respectively - not to mention the creation of all of the endless gum-smacking come. Deservedly me for not reading the reviews, you might say - but in my defense, a number of reviews I looked at the post-factum um does not emphasize the scale and complete intolerance of most of the film <br. /> <br /> first hint should have been the opening words that belong to the director (shy, Russia tousle the hair of youth), who stepped in front of a packed house (the film seems to be doing very well critically, and tickets were sold out long before the beginning of the show, though most of the audience did not seem to know how I pain to come, judging by the abundance of unearthly moans and groans, which completely penetrated the theater during the last half an hour, and a lot of angry comments on the outlet) to say: "Well, I ... um, big Thank you for to see this film, and I just wanted to say ... well, this is a very long movie ... it took me four years to do it and ... it's .. I think that you see, and just try to forget about it. This is a very long time. Thank you for your attention. ' This is what he said. Bell were ringing. "What is he saying? I thought I was in a happy confusion. "It will be fun! Of course, by the time its surprising apologetic comments started to make sense, it was already too late for me to get out. All I could do was writhe in increasing agony, until the light came again. And After all, I can not say that I feel in any way improved by the experience. Yes, I absolutely loved the first half an hour. It was a clever, new, and had a lot to say. and so, Russia is likely to bad condition. So, every society has a lot of hidden faces. So, toothless life in the barren wasteland Probably, unimaginably difficult. Yes, yes, yes. I've got it all. In fact, I do. But I do not see why on earth art and the value should be so painfully stretched, and so painful to bear. If you want to see the land of film somewhere between the extremes of attractive Hollywood plastic fantastic for hours sipping vodka muddy, try the Korean-Chinese bin Jip (3-Iron). This artsy and weird, but also to the very point and fun.
