I'm beginning to think that there is a conspiracy, all right: one that includes beat money paid to those who have access to the published column in newspapers and the cinema and art magazines, to ensure that this or that film, despite the suspense will reach a higher status by evaluating the points that will mark it with "universal acceptance" or something in that range, thus providing an unsuspecting people anything (like me) will wander in the theater or rent a bloody thing, waiting surprise, just ka find yourself rushing to the bathroom to throw up. <br /> <br /> This film is one of them. It will definitely make me bypass any and every posting articles I come across, because it is quite clear that two things could happen: either I did not get the message that this is hidden under the internal areas of the film that can not be accessed, or they and I saw two very different films that take place in the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the audience. It is not surprising that it appeared and disappeared faster than you can say: «smorsgabord» and that, despite the rating it got on Metacritic, no one had heard about it. It's awful with sugar on top. <br /> <br /> First of all, there is the ubiquitous number four from start to finish. Although with a little symbolism here and there all right, and it was done with varying degrees of success in many famous films, this film is suffocating him. Four dogs at the beginning of the film, looking at the camera in a hitherto empty street when all of a sudden, the car falls to the forefront and continues to rip open asphalt. Four people in the bar, although one of them is not a legal entity. Three of them go in different ways, but linked, however, not only to each other but to the fact that their lives are not. While this concept may work, the film is bent so much - in particular, the history of the model potential plays Marina Vovchenko who goes to the territory is very strange, and not in a good way - that the initial topic gets lost in translation. Or maybe, as I said, I just do not "get it." The problem also lies in the fact that so much time is spent on history of the Marina (which rotates on the death of her sister, from chewing bread, though, and in the next, a shrill cry, which you should), that any interest inherent surrealism disperses without a trace . So if the same horrific stories that three unknown interchangeable at the bar seem really their own? The director does not put a lot of time to really tying them together or weaving tighter story, which could thus David Lynchian, intersects with either the past, present, or in alternative dimensions, or even as a simple, secular science-fiction story. It is an uphill battle against an insurmountable wall that only saints (or someone in the supernatural for surprise) may suffer.
