Mabel RV is one of those movies with the history behind the scenes, it's more interesting than the film itself. It was the tenth comedy Chaplin for Keystone for a year of his apprenticeship, and his first two-reeler. Here he played one of his most recent definitive villain (although a feature Tillie's Punctured Romance was yet to come), and it also marked one of the last times he would work for the director, but himself. In fact, Chaplin conflicts with the director and co-star Mabel Normand almost got him fired from the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin did not get along with his previous director, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his autobiography to take direction from a simple "girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during the filming of this movie. Chaplin was still a novice in Keystone and his colleagues did not know what to do with it, but everyone loved Mabel. Manufacturer Mack Sennett was on the verge of dismissal Chaplin, when he learned that the films were Alien win and exhibitors wanted more of them as soon as possible, so Chaplin promised to send itself in exchange for the finish this film as Mabel wanted. <, Br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of this drama is not visible on the screen at Mabel at the wheel, which looks like a typical Keystone chaos. The story concerns a car race in which the holder of Mabel (Harry McCoy) is scheduled to compete, but the evil of Charlie and his friends kidnap the boy and Mabel should get behind the wheel in place. For all races around the brick curling and finger biting film candidly few laughs, but there are several points of interest. There's some good cinematography and editing in the race sequence, but actually are not any joke, just a lot of frantic activity. Chaplin himself looks strange, sporty kid like beard on his chin and wearing a top hat and coat he wore in his first appearance of the film, making a living, but the outfit fits the old-fashioned meanness it shows everything. At least, this is a novel to see how it plays such an atypical role. Visible in the stands at the race track of Keystone fellows, Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a surprisingly dandy uniform and more common Mack Sennett, spit tobacco, and do their usual mindless procedure Ryubna. As a performer, Sennett was as thin as a movie he produced, but you have to give the guy credit: he knew that he loved people. These films were very popular in their time. Mac performance Sun adds a lot Mabel at the wheel, but it probably should have been on hand to capture this one to make sure his stars did not kill each other.
