Who would wish for the continuation of the legendary thrash bad movie Bert I. Gordon "Food of the Gods"? No, of course, but the director Damian Lee did not think it was a good idea, anyway, and he assembled a belated sequel, which stands as one of the excess of horror films in history. "Gnaw" is a continuation of only the name, as the plant moved to a typical late 80th place (university campus), as well as cheap and bad effects Gore perfectly illustrates the '80s. This script hangs together cliches, badly written dialogues and plot situations that are not so subtly, and with stolen nshyh (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a goody two shoes scientist who carries out experiments on the maturation of conventional rodent to make a fellow academic advantage. Due to some incredibly stupid animal rights, a huge and predatory rats run and eat a lot of on campus. Following the good old tradition, Spielberg "Jaws" the beginning is the inverse Dean, who refuses to recognize the problem, even if much mutilated bodies turn around. During hysterically grotesque climax, rats invade the opening of the campus of the new sports complex! "Gnaw: Food of the gods 2" terribly bad, and so it is very interesting to watch! The characters do and say incredibly stupid things (like a descent into the sewers unarmed when they know that it is infested with rats) acting is atrocious and there is indeed a bizarre sequence involving the hero sex under the influence of growth in serum-! It is interesting that Freud's theory would be on it! There's a satisfying amount of gore and sleaze and ?? it must be said ?? surprisingly atmospheric music. If you just can not get enough of this stuff, there's quite a lot of creature-features that rotate on mutated rats, the Italian schlock film "Rats: Night of Terror", a modest 70-cult movie "Willard" and his lame sequel " Ben ", the" Willard "remake in 2003 starring Crispin Glover and surprisingly good recent movies rat, formerly known directors Tibor Ticaks (« Rats ») and John Lafia (" Rat "). Kranty!
