After looking through the large number of comments on this film, it is clear that there are two kinds of science fiction cinema-goers. There are those who are well read, very competent and intelligent. They know the history of the genre, and more importantly, they know what heights can be achieved in the hands of a talented author. For many years, science fiction tired in the basement of the literature. I considered my most critics to be little more than the stories of aliens and ray guns, designed for pre-pubescent teenagers. Today, read fan knows the story and knows great author Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury, and Allison, who helped bring the fiction of this basement. At the same time they have created a thought-provoking, intelligent stories that stretch the boundaries and redefined the human condition. It is a well-informed fans criticize anything Hollywood throws at them. They are not critical of his own, but to look at every victim of skepticism. (How should they both Hollywood record was less than stellar.) For these supporters of the story should take primary importance. They can not be deceived by flashy computer graphics and sequence of non-stop action. When the emperor has no clothes, they cry out that the strongest of all. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction movie goer has little knowledge of the writing aspect of the genre. (Look for many of the above comments, that the state of "Well, I have not read a book or something from the author ...) Their overall impact of science fiction movies or Scifi channel. They are extremely uncritical, willing to overlook a huge plot holes, weak areas, and thin storylines, when they get a healthy dose of professional bang action and stunning special effects. they are, in fact, ready to withdraw their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never had them!) throughout the film. Case in point, I Robot. while supposedly based on Asimov's stories and is named in honor of one of his novels, it contains little that Asimov wrote and even less that he was trying to tell us about humanity and our robotic creation. (Those of you who will run out and buy me, the robot will be very surprised that this film is not even on the basis of this story at all!) <br /> <br /> film has huge holes story that in some places are stretched to the limit credulity. I will not specify them. I on't spoon feed you. You need to practice your thinking skills and discover them for yourself. Characters are named after many of Asimov's characters do not have the critical intelligence that has been the hallmark of his stories. The plot itself with all sequences of this action goes against everything that the author stood. His belief is that humanity has the ability to solve problems, using your mind, not the fist, is of vital importance for the understanding of his vision of the future. In short, apart from the name, they are very few in Isaac's nothing about this movie. There will always be those not critical (ie unthinking), who will argue: "The film should not be like the book Because of the environment, the movie sometimes require that changes be made." But what about cases where the film never even tried stay close to the book (or books) from the beginning? What if they had taken from the written work was the name? The question arises: why tarnish a lot of work, slapping a name on your idle piece of shit? Save money and do not buy the rights to the work. The title is something else. Do not use character names. Believe me, no one will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact, it does not matter what you name it unread moviegoer who takes everything you throw at it. But it will upset those who read, who thinks, who does not want to just let you give them quite a light show. <br /> <br /> I, Robot, as well as many of the doubles of Hollywood genre, pushing Sciency fantastic back to the basement, he lived many years ago. Hollywood could not have done it alone. It takes an uncritical audience senseless, that will take baby drag like this.
