After some internet surfing, I found a series of «Homefront» on DVD in ioffer.com. Before anyone is worried, the DVD set I got burned from amateur home video tapes recorded on their TV 15 years ago. Resolution and quality poor. Images appear as you would expect to overwrite old video look. Although the videos were cut, the end credits of each episode has a voice-over ads for Segway in ABC News «Nightline» program, complete with top news headlines since the early 1990s, for years. Even with the poor picture quality, the show was a clock-state and the sound quality was fine. <br /> <br /> To the credit of the show, casting was nearly perfect. It was believable and really looked the part. Their action was also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf particularly good plays Kyle Chandler (most recently seen in the 2005 remake of King Kong). In the period costumes were very authentic, as were the sets, especially the 1940s kitchen with branded appliances and decor. Direction is also creative and different TV shows at the time. For example, conversations between the characters were cut the time between calls on the same subject between the other characters in different scenes. Dialogue different conversations stored liquid, despite the reduction, and the fourth between the various characters and locations. It takes a good direction, and editing, and they forced him to work in this case. <br /> <br /> When I started watching this show again, I suddenly remembered why I lost interest in it 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a beautiful show, plots and storylines of frustration and confusing to begin with. On the one hand, the title of the show is completely misleading. If the Second World War in 1945, there was no more fighting, so, obviously, there was no longer «Homefront» either. Interestingly, the first episode of the show «Homefront» begins in 1945, after the war ended. This is like shooting the first episode of "Gilligan's Island" shows that rescues shipwrecked. The whole premise of the show's namesake completely lost. I still held on to hope, with the rest of the series, which is a flashback, but not all of the show takes place from 1946 to 1948. In addition, this series fails miserably in any attempt to accurately reflect any historic events of the late 1940, in the third episode, it becomes obvious that this series has been nothing more than a veiled vehicle for the ultra-left political agenda. The show is set in the River Run Ohio, near Toledo. However, the current topic of racism show makes it look more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Part of the ensemble cast, Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr., who draws a family of Davis. Most of the series shows the Davis family is discriminated against by the evil "white" to the point of ridiculous and absolutely absurd if not ridiculous. Racism card is played and played again in Hollywood for over 40 years. We get it. We are also tired of having our noses rubbed in it on a daily basis. The theme of racism is also unpopular with viewers and is the kiss of death for any show, as it was «Homefront». Williams acting talents, Winston and Maseru have been wasted in their roles as the stereotypical "scared / angry black family." Greatly exaggerated racism in this series, it looks like everyone in Ohio has been a member of the KKK or something. racism problem could be dealt with on the show in an episode with a simple blow to the nose or fistfight in which a hypocrite gets a well-deserved thrashing, and leave it at that. Having spent most of the series to the racism stuff is getting really old really fast, and it's just silly. <br /> <br /> In another funny story line, the big boss of the local plant (Ken Jenkins) are depicted as Scrooge, as a character, who is against pensions and promotions and is not worrying about dripping acid on his staff. Workers revolt and take over the factory flagrantly pro-communist propaganda message to the viewer. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think that this series has a lot of potential. The authors could easily accommodate the schedule in 1941 ?? 1945, as the name implies, and showed the severity of food and gas rationing and work 14 hours a day in munitions factories. Of course, the brothers lost sons and husbands who are fighting abroad would also add drama. The situation is also perfect for writing special guest stars, as military personnel or USO, which passes through their town during a workout or a route to Europe or the Pacific Ocean. Opportunities for good storylines and plots are endless. But no, the authors Homefront (David Assael and James Grissom) completely ignored any relevant or interesting sites. Instead, they completely missed the point and went into an amazing and irrelevant obsession with racism and leftist politics. It would be unfair to the actors, to denounce the entire series, but the stories and situations in which they were placed in a total waste.
