So, Kazaam is one of those horrible bad movies that almost reminds one of all, what happened to the children, not only the movie, but to humanity. Here we have Shaq as a pat genie- yes, rap genie-, where he does everything from making bad puns to dress up in ridiculous outfits, it all ends in him in Christ, as the position with a lot of light around him. So, yes, really expect a bit of cheese, including the first wish as much junk food falling from the sky (and, unfortunately, not knocking the two main characters, especially for a child). What may not be expected that the film with the child and Shaquille O'Neal will be incredibly sentimental The main plot of the film involves a child who plays in this all-too-typical and annoying, baby fashion, great-grandson of Frank Capra (where, in which the child cries its dialogue with anger), which comes to the genie who was trapped in a boom-box. Then «hiarity comes" as a child does Shaq-gin its quasi-servant, as he waits for two of his last wishes, he tries to make amends with his shadow single type absent father. <br /> <br /> It's really juicy, invented by the son and the father of history would have been bad enough, because there are certain lines that were spoken in a million other movies (ie "two chances in life" speech from father to son ). But it's Shaquille O'Neal, who is both a reason to see the movie (ironically), and apparently sinking the essence of it all. His storyline involves him, if there is no on-Talky treatment Capra, knock on the dialogue and start your career thriving recording. In addition, it also tears and takes names with the main bad guys who want him back in the boom-box. So there is the camp factor to the movies? Up to a point, but it is even crushed all mushy scenes and "sincere" moments that have really no business with the rest of the material. One might ask, when people are making a movie, which obviously do it by order of popularity of basketball player, who wanted to go to Michael Jordan acting stretcher, if it is anywhere near decent entertainment or convincing. I hope that they also knew that they were just getting paid. But I hope even more that they felt at least a little guilty afterwords feeding Shaq-machine. <br /> <br /> So, if you want a fun night Shaka as gin, which was turned rapper- wisecracker, all the more pleasure you. Hell, it might even be interesting to have a movie night with that Shaq and his other critics began efforts. But if you hope to keep a few brain cells, stay away from what is very likely the worst film of 1996, and a candidate among many others in the worst since the 90s.
