Overview KAZAAM and say that this is a bad movie is not difficult - after all, the critics at the time he came out fell all over himself annoying this film - saying it was one of the worst films of the decade! So the fact that I say that it is bad, or someone says that is a bad thing, of course, is not surprising. It's like someone talking about the Second World War - almost no one says that it is a good thing, right? I have a question, and there is no place on the IMDb can answer this "why they are doing it in the first place?!." In the end, it is obvious to anyone who is not much brain is injured, the film would be awful. But such films like the ED (baseball play a chimpanzee), COOL AS ICE (starring the ever-popular Vanilla Ice), tROLL 2 (which does not even have any trolls in it), the child geniuses (Einstain-like superhero children) PINOCCHIO space ( yes!?!) to prove that any idea, no matter how dumb, can not make it on the big screen! Thus, the idea of ​​a better basketball time in the main role, like a genie in a nasty little apron it seems quite "normal»! <br /> <br /> The film begins with the child, which is pretty jerky manipulation of lockers in the hallway of the school. Like punk from Free Willy, this child is somehow "wrong" (ie, a total freak), and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible it at the end of the movie, he learned something and grown up, just once, I want to see a punk kid like these end up in prison or dead, or until the end of the film! In the end, while the neighborhood bullies in the middle of knocking him gin Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) accidentally released, and insists on providing brat three wishes. But the child does not believe him and the magic genie is feeling a little rusty. <br /> <br /> In the end, brother realizes that Kazaam really. However, unlike most children, he conceals his desire to do so, at the same time, Kazaam forced to follow him everywhere - as his personal servant. And, according to the cliche, you know that the end of the movie, Max and Kazaam will become lifelong friends and a lot of tears will be shed. Oh, and Max will get used to his absent father and the groom mother (I'll gag). Perhaps this is a little gin social worker in addition to the donor desires. <br /> <br /> As for Kazaam, Shakeel said in rhyme through most of the film, and even takes a break on the rap ... very bad. I'm a middle-aged white guy, and I think I could knock at least as well! He's an amazing basketball player, and I've heard that he's a good guy - but the rapper ... no way! As for his action goes, it was not great, but he was such a good character in the film, it's hard to hate him - even if they made him do a lot of really stupid things <br /> <br />. so that the film is terribly painful, as you've probably heard? during the first two thirds of the film, I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to try my best with the baby uncomfortable and bad scenario. However, later in the film, it becomes terribly bad - as Kazaam seem too concerned with them, to help the child if it is really needed. And out of nowhere, the story gets really, really strange - like a guy who wants to make Kazaam rap star is angry thug (?!?!)! And, oddly enough, this guy seems to recognize that Kazaam gin, without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the film consists of people who are trying to kill Max and his father. I know that the child is annoying, but it should be a film of children !! What part of "trying to kill the child" is not the writers do not understand?!? Then in the final, which makes it, perhaps, the worst children's film the final in history, Kazaam becomes a god or something, and it was all like a hallucination drug is ending was even dumber and more surprising than the one in the black hole ... and boy, did it to hurt my brain !! Uggghh - eerie dialogue was simply too much to bear !!! <br /> <br /> as a whole, this is a terrible film, which is mainly due to the writers who were certifiably wisely. So guys with messed up message, Strangely enough, not a child-friendly materials and terrible characters, is one unhappy film. Unfortunately, given the idea and the actors, it's hard to imagine the final product turns out to be much worse !! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see in Genie today's world, the movie, which is good, try the British made for TV movie "Bernard and Jin" - charming and extremely well-written film from beginning to end.
