This 1996 film was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre, which I've ever watched, and when I did it, I was struck by this. So much of the novel was left, and I thought, William Hurt to be awful as Rochester miscast. Since then I have watched all the other characteristics of the novel device, three short version 44th, '70 and '97, and three mini-series 73, 83 and 2006, and I noticed that there are worse and worse adaptation Rochesters. <br /> <br /> This is, without doubt, the most refined adaptation of Jane Eyre, as far as cinema is concerned. Director Franco Zerifferelli bites into the snow beautiful long arrows falling from the winter sky, the lone Rochester, standing on a rock, and Jane, looking out the window - but it is less well tells the story and brings the character to life. In addition, his script just scratches the surface of the novel, leaving many important scenes. As a consequence, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and, unfortunately, it also does not include the humorous side of their communication. There are a series of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each one beautifully staged, but a couple of sentences, which they exchange, not enough to show the audience that they are attracted to each other. We know that they have to fall in love, but we never see what actually happened. The scene in which Rochester wants to find out the reaction Jane to his dilemma by putting his case to the hypothetical form in front of her after a wounded Mason left the house completely absent, and the farewell scene, the most important stage - the culmination - a novel reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli will not mistake the other writers have made to replace their own poorly written form for outstanding Bronte lines, nor are the important scenes completely redesigned and rewritten, but it makes it less offensive, but in the end just a big mistake leaving many important scenes It remains only a glimpse of the novel, which does no justice to the masterpieces <br /> <br /> Charlotte Bronte Throw heterogeneously :. While Fiona Shaw is an excellent Mrs. Reed, young Jane Anna Paquin is the most ill-mannered, pouting Lolita than a lonely little girl longing for love. Constantly reliable Joan Plowright makes it very nice, but too shrewd Mrs. Fairfaix, and one can not help feeling that Billie Whitelaw has to play a village witch instead of the usual kind, hard-working Grace Poole. Charlotte Gainsbourg as an adult character, however, physically perfect choice to play Jane Eyre. Looking every bit as 18, thin and delicate, with a rough, strong features, it is the closest to my inner vision Jane than any other actress in the role. And for the first 15 minutes of his screen time, I was fascinated by its implementation. Gainsbourgh manages well to the audience guess the inner fire and a strong will, which are hidden behind the stoic mask. But, unfortunately, the script never allows it to expand more toward the hot and lively character of Jane on. As a result of so many scenes and reduction of so many dialogues, Gainsbourgh Jane image must necessarily remain incomplete, and therefore, ultimately, unsatisfactory. It is a pity that the best scenario Charlotte Gainsbourg would be as good as Jane ZIL Clark 83 version. <br /> <br /> But while it is still obvious that Gainsbourgh trying to play Jane, there is no trace at all of Rochester in character, reflecting William Hurt. The damage that has established itself as a great actor in many good films, should have known that he was physically and type wise so that he miscast did not even attempt to play Rochester in the novel. His Rochester, except that the light-haired and blue-eyed, is a soft-spoken, well-mannered gentleman, shy and quiet, a bit queer and eccentric but basically good-natured and gentle. It is so far from the violent, moody and grim that line referring to these aspects of his character sound ridiculous. In addition, in many moments of the film, Hurt's expression leaves one wondering if he fights against acute attacks in sleeping sickness. In particular, the proposal stage, he winces as rallying patient from general anesthesia and is unlikely to be able to keep their eyes open. If you compare it to the Rochester-willed and charming character in the novel, just bursting with energy and temperament, it is not surprising that many viewers were disappointed in the performance of Hurt in. However, it offends me less than Rochesters version '70, '97 and 2006, and I would even rank this Jane Eyre above those of the other three. The damage is evident, had the good sense to recognize that it can not be Rochester's novel and therefore did not try to do it while George C. Scott, Ciarán Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but failed miserably, and I'd rather watch a character other than Rochester, Rochester than that played poorly. And I would like to watch the film Jane Eyre, which leaves a lot of lines of the novel, but not to invent newer than the version that uses a modernized dialogues that sound as if they could be uttered today in a pair of cafes Starbucks. Of course, it's Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it's a harmless one, which is more than can be said about the '97 and 2006, adaptations. So I would not refuse anyone viewing this adaptation: You will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a beautifully made film.
