... and you can look at this statement in different ways, by the way. First of all, it's a mess because of all the horrible and extremely violent scenes. Your wild imagination is not even close to some of the scenes clearly specified here. Entire parts of the film are simply sick, disgusting, fetid, brutal, and they bring you close to tear your guts. Now, I love horror movies and I have a very "pro-violence", but I think it should lead somewhere !! It's too much to ask? Cradle of fear just a series of completely sick and twisted thoughts. "Film" contains four distinct leaders, connected with the history of encapsulation. This leads to an endless display of torture, murder and disease only to find out that the victims have something in common. Not very informative, if you ask me. And yet - it can be said - the basic plot idea certainly has potential. We are talking about the cannibalistic hypnotist who has made a deal with the devil himself, to avenge themselves, and to cause suffering and death to everyone who took part in his trial. Personally, I think this is an interesting topic, so they should have focused on a little bit more instead of wanting to create the most disgusting film ever. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the entire production of this movie was a mess, they do not have a large part of the budget, and they spent it all on fake blood and guts ... Tons of it !! Acting performances joke, and some of the worst I have ever seen. Any other special effects in addition to makeup looks very amateurish (How realistic this attempt to a car accident, for example). There is no tension or atmosphere to find anywhere ... not even attempt to create one. <br /> <br /> The Cradle of fear of failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. In the presence of death metal icon Danni Filth (from the group Carriages filth..get reference?) This movie is obviously intended only for the eyes twisted teenagers who are trying to be controversial. Anxious girls and boys, who take pleasure in worrying his parents, watching crap like this. And then people continue to complain that the number of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing ... Ba. I can imagine that this film may cause a lot of damage when you are easily influenced, or get rid of an unstable mind. For every self-respecting horror fan, this film is an insult.
