Somebody who did this film, in particular, the director, think about the logic of the storyline? It's not just the plot holes, but the plot of graves that are getting deeper and deeper, as we lose our sympathy for the main character and his plight. That is, if you are kind to the audience valiantly to ignore the fact, for most of the film, the characters, or the servants of serious hole section, or close and unsympathetic. Or, in the case of Downey and the character of Hannah, perhaps, hardly necessary. Thinking about the reason for the existence of the character Downey considerable time screen in the movie, I decided that either the director liked his character and unnecessarily increase your screen time (unlikley, as the director is more than anything about the script does not change really necessary) or that his character I had to be sacrificed on the altar of bad drafting. I'll leave you to guess who it was supposed to be. <br /> <br /> I have to keep checking the little DVD, to confirm that it really was made authoritative talents. I can not understand why Robert Altman would take the job. Of course, he has some power to pick and choose. In fact, I can not understand why someone would take the script, except for the first time the director is looking for experience. <br /> <br /> I think Robert Downey Jr. needs money for his habit. I think Kenneth Branagh decided to try a southern accent. I believe Robert Duvall was given only a few pages of the script and the role of thought in isolation sounded intriguing. These are the only motivation I can see that would make a good actor to take the role in this film. As for Robert Altman, much effort has been in part, to make the film look fantastic. I have found that saw him framed in such and such a scene, or use a bright orange vests float in another scene, to make the movement of the eye, or to impose a beautiful filter to create a special mood. I usually do not notice things like that in the movie, as most of the films I've worked to look to the end actually engage me on account of a good story and interesting characters with clear motives. I watched it till the end because some funny element of optimism in itself all looked at the DVD cover and the future are convinced that thanks to the talent involved, there had to be some kind of redemptive factor in this film. <br /> <br /> Nice direction. But that's not why I watch movies.
