I have read many good things about this film adaptation of the novel of my favorite ... so my expectations were always crushed. But they were crushed by more than expected. The film would be a decent movie, if I had not read the novel beforehand that perhaps ruined it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, for some reason they changed the work camp in Toulon on a ship full galley slaves. The scene was well in Míriel years. In fact, except galleys, all survived until Fantin dismissal. Because we do not want to have bad things happen to good woman, she does not cut her hair, to sell her teeth, or to become a prostitute. The worst thing that it does is run into the mayor's office, and spit in his face. Bamatabois completely eradicated. Due to the presence of children born out of wedlock should also not be talked about, Tholomyes died Fantine husband, not irresponsible dandy. Valjean is able to bring Cosette for Fantin to business Champmathieu, so they will reunite fortunately, another change. Then comes in the monastery, which is quite difficult to screw up the scene. Fortunately, he was saved. After that, exactly three minutes, however, the film begins to race again in the direction of the classic novel sausage. <br /> <br /> As Cosette and Valjean go through the park, they come across Marius speaking at a meeting. On the reform of the penitentiary system. When it comes to hand out leaflets to Valjean and Cosette, he said that one line in the movie that made me cry on TV. "We are not revolutionaries." I could hear the thrashing of Victor Hugo in his grave. OF COURSE THEY revolutionaries! They want to rebel against the pseudo-monarchy, which is in place for the benefit of another republic, you stupid writers! It is a historical fact that there was an uprising against the government in 1832. <br /> <br /> At some point, is going to give Cosette Marius donation from his father for the reform movement and meets Eponine. Except ... nya Eponine. Or at least, not Eponine book. It is Eponine, it seems to be a wealthy woman secretary working for prison reformers (who work with Cafe Universal, unlike Musain cafe). Not to mention the audience has already been done, to not love her, not because of her periods, cut, form-fitting dress and her cause manners. <br /> <br /> The reformers jail (Lead worst discarded Enjolras I ever saw) decided to distribute leaflets is not good enough anymore. Thus, they are going to build barricades. I do not know about you, but I've never heard of the reform movement tearing the streets and the construction of barricades and attacking government forces. About three hundred people (it should not have been so many) begin to attack the National Guard, and to build a bunch of barricades, etc. Eponine really dying for Marius, fortunately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is its native accurate, except that Javert's suicide again, it seems difficult to understand because of its tiny screen time and an odd interpretation of signs. The film ends with Valjean Javert see a jump in the river. This, again, is inaccurate because Valjean would never allow Javert drown. He saved a man's life before, why let him die now? Then there is the whole confession Valjean to pass of Marius, his deterioration and his atonement before death with Marius and Cosette beside him. <br /> <br /> In general, I can blame the script mainly to solve the problems. While I'm glad Enjolras and Eponine was at least present in the film, they were terribly misinterpreted as the whole barricade scene. Eliminating Fantine suffering prevents us from feeling too much pity for her. It knows the past Cosette Valjean from the start of table with the plot of a good deal. I have not even seen Thenardier and MME. Thenardier was only a few seconds of screen time. Same with Gavroche. I did like the interpretation of Frederich March's a lot of Valjean, however, who was one of the redeeming features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, for all his great acting in other films, it seems unable to convert from Javert. Lips tremble, cry useless, and in general all the action just felt very bad. He also, like many Javerts I saw was not at all threatening, then the character is required. <br /> <br /> Again, this film will probably feel a lot better if I had not read the book. I would not recommend it to book purists, though. I would also like to say that the film would be a good adaptation to the time, not shamefully fine French versions come out the year before.
