When I tell people what I consider cinema as a hobby, the first thing they say: "What do you think about such a film?" There are several problems here. Firstly, there is a possibility that the probability, I have not seen him, and so I will spoil my reputation. Secondly, I could destroy the film in question, without realizing that in fact it is their favorite. And, finally, I could give DVD-discs, to see that they can judge my opinion. Thus, I find myself sitting in front of "Monastery", which is a kind of film that I would completely ignore this choice, but could not avoid here. More it is a pity, because it openly horrible "horror" is about as scary as a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> After the beaten cliché, "Convention" focuses on a bunch of US high school students on a trip to an abandoned monastery on a mission to be stoned, and put a little frightened. But you'll never guess what happens next? A group of cannibals demonic nuns out of the web, passing the child to pick up one by one in the classical tradition of the horror film. Will any of them survive and more importantly, you do not get more than a bother? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves "Convent" from being a waste of time is the fact that no one actually takes that stuff seriously except as a bizarre cameo Coolio hyperactive police with itching trigger finger. This is too funny to be scary right - a zombie fan, which makes the sound of a chipmunk for no reason, paint jobs Day-Glo, which appears when you become a zombie - but what actually kills him in horror that you you can instantly tell if someone is going to jump out and get messy killed. But even if they tried, I still doubt that this will work - demonic nuns who are kind of makeup you like to see in the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" TV show is not so scary. The worst thing in this film, in fact, that more than 10% of voters gave it the maximum score. I mean, I know, it's funny, but I can hardly share his side. Honestly, I had more fun at the dentist. <br /> <br /> «Convent" this is not really a horror movie per se. This is more horror comedies like "Scary Movie" or «Shaun Of The Dead", but you were laughing at him, and with him. I really can not recommend it to anyone except family cast and crew, but even then, I doubt very much that they would enjoy it. I do not use "so bad it's good" genre - I personally think that if the filmmakers can not be bothered to save a turkey, I do not have to bust the gut is trying to look at. Yes, it's a bad film, and let they really had to go home and do something more constructive. Rubik cube, for example. DVD box has two price stickers - one for £ 4,99, and lower prices for £ 3 It was sold for £ 1, and that should tell you all you need to know about it, how cheap contagious, threatening a bad movie. Unfortunately, if you do like it, but «The Monastery" is actually a bunch of crap ugly.
