I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who plays the main character, Marvin scabies in the film.) He said that to him, that he would like to emphasize the physical comedy here so much that even if you have excluded the amount you You will laugh in this film. Obviously there must be a secret. I had the volume. I was actually listening to this thing, and I thought that it was a disaster, and completely unfunny - the main disappointment after a fun-filled performance Schneider «Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo» <br /> <br /> The history of stupid: Scabies is the main loser, who dreams of becoming a police officer, which is filled with a bunch of animals transplant after a car accident a mad scientist type the appropriately named Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), and as a result begins to lose control over their "animal instincts. "This makes it a" Supercop. "He can sniff out drugs hidden in a body cavity and outrun a horse. Of course, he also has a nasty habit of eating cow the people and tries to seduce her goat, but of course, this is a small price to pay? It just did not do anything for me. <br /> <br /> cast left much to be desired. there are more irritable around Hollywood actor than John McGinley? Here he plays Sgt. Sisk, commander of scabies by the police as disgusting cartoon (since like his character in the doctor inexplicably popular TV series «Sc rubs. ") I want to look at the first" serious "actor Colin Haskell works (maybe something in this film could be called"? serious ") is, of course, got its fame as a member of the first" Survivor », and it is here that we knew of it: it is cute as a button, that it does not prove is that it has any notable talent of the actress and that with Ed Asner.. as the police Chief Wilson. I mean, how old is this guy now? He has the size of some of the cows Manga tried to eat, and he seemed to be gasping for breath all the way through. I'm surprised he made it through the filming. There's a brief cameo at the end of Adam Sandler (. Who also served as executive producer of this) <br /> <br /> Anyway, I grunted twice: Scabies is playing with his toys squeaky in a police car, and the scene with Schneider has Haskell and orangutan - orangutan has more acting talent! So, for two chuckles - 2/10.
