Dreary. Schlocky. Simply dreadful and terrible. Let's be honest, if you sit down to watch what is called the Double-D Avenger you are not expecting great art, or even a soft mainstream entertainment. You are probably waiting for the type of cult film and perhaps get some good views on some spectacular busts. You really do not get any of them in the video. History, as it is consistent with the majority of these types is meaningless: Rink Natividad runs the local pub, learns that she has breast cancer, flies to South America for the fruit, which pretends to be a panacea for all diseases and the ability to super-news man comes back and fights, dressed as a Double-D Avenger, a group of local strip club that wants to oust competitors. The story goes, I've seen a lot worse, but as the other reviewer said execution awful. The action sequences are absent ZIP, drive, motivation, and fine fabrics. Actions do not even properly mannered and dialogue fossa. Nothing, and I mean NOTHING funny grimacing from puns to link Heavy Tits. All could be forgiven if the girls could do for him, but they all fall short way. Kotick, Haji, and Raven de la Croix are all pretty old (still beautiful in their own ways) until you expose nothing and become the opposite of what they are trying to be: old, campy caricatures of themselves. Instead, they look so lame and desperate - more due to the vehicle and not their own abilities, they are "in the lead role." There are some other ladies, but you really do not see much of anything. PG -13, of course, may be suitable for this rating. Material, actress, and director all tired, tedious, and by - and again - not funny! It was a cruel hour plus sit through it, and it's a shame, as I was expecting something old-fashioned fun. The guy plays Bubba, the way was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was well everything is against you, but every time he opened his mouth, I kept thinking how truly awful it is. The only bright spot here sees Mr. Sci-Fi itself, Forrest J. Ackerman, play curator Wax and wax dangling his Frankenstein affectionately called Frankie. In addition, it is a complete bust - now, how is that for the other tired, terrible, banal pun!
