Watching the first 30 minutes of The Sands of Oblivion gave me great hope. It seemed that I was in a cheaper version of the mummy. Installing promised in the 1920 DeMille makes his opus of the Ten Commandments. It seems, in the use of real Egyptian artifacts for filming, they unleashed an ancient and terrible evil (not always?). Knowing that was unleashed DeMille orders a full set of buried instead of the usual practice of tearing it down. Let's hope that evil will be buried with him at all times. Then we come to imagine a day when the team is trying to dig up the site (first mistake of the film, but hey these historical costumes are expensive, and it is a movie channel Sci-Fi). The first observation that we receive from Anubis monster well done, and it's a suit that they put some effort, rather than the usual cheesy effect CG. Then the body begins counting. These were the movies went south for me. Reaction to the fact that people die in a terrible and strange image gets surprisingly muted reaction. Once they realize that an ancient evil has been unleashed again and murder spree, what to do in the stock issue leading man and lady to do? They do the usual stop at the "guy who knows the truth, but never told anyone." After that the vital information they share with his comrades at the site? No, they're staying in the hotel for a refreshing shower and a nice little talk. In fact, I'm not the most motivated person, but if I knew that the demon of ancient Egypt was on the loose and kills everyone in sight and will come after me, I put a bit of noise in my step to solve this problem. After this long and too pointless middle part they get round destruction of Anubis monster in the usual way, rushing around in the dunes of the gods and shooting it with a rocket launcher as he stood on a pile of phosphorous grenades. Movie Sci-Fi was higher than usual shit they put out, who does not speak at all. What worries me, it could be much more if someone has written a decent script for him.
