I am a student of the film, and has been for several years. And the concept of cyber kung-fu, had me wondering, "Is this film is who is going to break the mold?" Satirical Chimpanzee Let's face it, America will never let any piece of cinema that shows ape Costar. After such great classics as «Monkey Trouble» and «Dunston checks in," I thought that the best ideas are already taken. But then comes the «Funky Monkey». I laughed, I cried, I contemplated suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I read about demonic possession in the Bible, but it still does not explain why someone would create such an evil product. Firstly, having at least a little bit of intelligence, I realized that the chimpanzee was actually a monkey, not a monkey at all. Nevertheless, I was sure the filmmakers will clear this problem up on the film. They did not. Let me sum up this work of art: a company called Z.I.T. I decided to teach a chimpanzee as soldiers. Why? I think they mentioned something about soldiers working on bananas, but if it will cost about about $ 13 million of public funds for the preparation of a chimpanzee, it does not seem cost-effective. Well, in any case, Z.I.T. CIA brings specialist (Matthew Modine) coach Clemens (Chimpanzee). Clemens all Z.I.T. hope. It can take an entire shift of guards, who all seem to have received their training skills in the local mall, and yet still manages to remind us that we are seeing the child clip. As you may have guessed, Modin know that the intentions Z.I.T. can be evil (gasp!), and decides to break out Clemens. As a CIA agent, and all Modin knows that the best way to force yourself to leave, to go to the big city, rent a room for guests regularly make appearances on television while the fight against crime, as well as using checks to pay for all. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds out where Modin guests, and sent two of their best to get it. These guards, perhaps the greatest comedy team up, as Martin and Lewis, or that Turner and Hooch? It does not matter anyway, because, in the end, the handle twist endings, good guys win !!! Hooray! Hooray predictability! Throw in botany child who is learning to be themselves, lonely mother who needs a date, and music installation featuring songs that would have been even BlackBallEd on Radio Disney, and you get the «Funky Monkey». The culmination of the film? Football game! I played by thugs, bumblers, chimpanzees, and botanist boy. Nobody seems to care about such changes in the football game high school. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never lets up! This is the edge of your seat entertainment. Some might even call it a «American Beauty» monkeys filled with features. After the end of this epic, I remembered hearing the story of the railway workers who lost most of his brain functions when a metal rod pierced his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey represents a metal core of the films.
