I watched it a few days ago, so the details are hazy. The film is based on a hand-held cameras and it was a lot done at the time it was released initially, since we did not have a lot of studio photographs taken along the way. I can not help but feel that it was more than anything a trick, designed to make the audience think that what we see on did not screen all the compromises that come with a big budget, and it was more " real. " However, what we have here is not much more than the not-as-good rip off the first half of Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who saw it, or any of the other rip off there with will know what to expect. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had the stereotypical characters of soft weeds children out of their depth, close harmony singing, Ebonics spewing black dude, world weary sergeant, bitter and twisted psycho etc. etc. .. constantly put in all sorts of situations, which could provide the highest friction and tension at any time. Perhaps this was done intentionally, to emphasize the folly and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness, or maybe it was just a committee trying to appeal to the largest audience, all that I know, it's annoying. One novel thing was a mix of volunteers and conscripts (where usually all the characters have been forced into a situation), although only the scene between the two main characters really do a lot of playing it. This seems to be the main core of the story, with the volunteers come to their senses and recruits acquire a sense of duty and self-esteem, but it's all done quite forced and unsubtle way. Another big mistake I had, like all the characters (except for crazies and real Softies) will respond to each inevitable conflict with the first aggression and the threat of violence in the face of widespread stoicism Farrell, right down and be all clever and diplomatic. <br /> <br /> I think if I had to find, plus it will be acting from the two leads, who was a strong and convincing, given tho formulaic nature of the characters, it WASN »t too hard. <br /> <br /> In my mind, Bozz up Zeke and off duty, and for the money, 4 episodes, it would be more fun to watch.
