* Note - no plot spoilers ahead of the Sun, but spoilers movie yet ... * My significant other is rented for me to think that this will be a terrific affair with only the stars. Wow - very, very wrong. This film is exaggerated, overwrought, and overly sentimental basis for theatrical release student film 15 years after it was filmed! Copyright date on the box said in 2005, even during the very first sequence of the retrospective, I looked at the clothes and hairstyles that were supposed to be at the beginning of the 1960s, and noticed that girls particularly dressed in the late '80s / early' 90s dresses and hairstyles. It looked as if it was filmed a good 15 or 20 years to the rest of the film! I tried to comfort myself that this is a memory, and, therefore, should look old, but it looked WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY more than 80 years, 60 or even 21 th century is trying to be an adult 60s ... the lead character turns colleague up, and it looks just like a boy, pointing to historical sequence (but that's another, much older than the character, whose youth is characterized in retrospect). I was very confused, until I saw in particular a short film included - all Flashback sequence, filmed in 1990 as a full student film with the same title as the movie! It also shows a comment that includes the little boy is all grown up (and in fact acts as colleagues in the scenes of 2005). Thus, this film is just a shell of woven stories around the old film student, re-cut together like an obvious way to get it to the theatrical running time. The history of the shell, taken in 2005, mainly of a man who lost his wife and finds healing and salvation in a dance class, it promises a dying man, he will attend in his place (something about a promise made by the dying in the early 60 ies to his girlfriend that they will respond to "the fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - a reason to shoot segments around the old film in 2005.) These new scenes and the story could have been OK, except for the terrible, overly sentimental account that repeated ad ad nauseam for nearly every new stage and cliched action poignant new film. do not bother. There's a reason why you have never heard of this movie, even if it is a well-known cast - it's awful.
