And I repeat, please do not watch this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record for the worst, the most light comedy ever made. At least, most of the latest comedies now, gags are coarse and flat, but the writers and directors to put at least some effort to make them funny. I never tire of repeating one of my favorite mottos: Everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10 per cent of those rights. Comedy is hard! This is not some kind of genre any fool can play with. I think it's atrocious that the filmmakers have compared this piece of trash on the «Kentucky Fried Movie.» In general, these ignoramuses compare their so-called comic talents of those brilliant Abrahams and the Zucker brothers. Well, I've seen Pauly Shore movies that are 10 times funnier than «The Underground Comedy Movie.» Here is a sample of a comedy for those who are interested to see the movie: A sketch involves a superhero dressed as a penis called D ** Kman. The whole joke is that he conquers his enemies, injecting their sperm. That's all. It's all a joke. Wow. That's enough to make Carrot Top to roll his eyes. Another sketch involves a man who has sex with a dead person in a porn movie. And in another sketch, there is a beauty contest bag lady, in which we tend to horrible sights of middle-aged women in a bikini with a beer gut and stretch marks. In addition, to make fun of homeless sad than funny. This is a step by mocking the mentally ill. The entire film has to be a satire. I think the filmmakers forget that the key element of satire ... It's true !!! For anyone who actually enjoyed this shit, tell me what is true about any of these gags! Some of the designs may have sounded funny on paper, but someone who has taken all the classes screen letter knows that if sight gag sounds too funny on paper, this is probably not going to be funny on the screen. If I tell someone about the big, black, muscular gay virgins who escaped for the right person, he or she would probably laugh. But seeing the room played out on the screen for 10 minutes impedance. I hate it when people criticize the low-standard comedy as funny for the Sun, they are viewed as arrogant squares. I just saw "White Chicks" in recent years. This is another shoddy, politically incorrect comedy, but I laughed my head off. The most offensive, that of «The Underground Comedy Movie» is not funny! What writers and directors do not realize that just being dirty and tasteless not work. There must be more! Just think of the famous scene from "There's Something About Mary" (oddly enough Bosa filmmakers put Farrelly in a list of special thanks). Joke of the semen was not just funny, because it involved bodily fluids. There was a build-up. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he did not go on a date with a "loaded gun." Then he looked around to see where all the sperm went after he was released. A knock on the door, and he should answer it. His date, Mary, at the door, and that's when he showed that sperm hang ear Ben. In this film, there are a few gags involving characters squirting sperm load in people whatsoever without swinging. Jay Leno always says: "It's a comedy thing is not so easy, is not it?" Keep this in mind, Vince Offer, because you were not cut out for this genre !! The only reason why people may laugh at these jokes, because they want to feel hip. Let's face it, it is now fashionable to laugh at anything politically incorrect. I know that comedy subjective ... but this film does not have to be funny to anyone but maybe the filmmakers themselves. As notes, the film had to be done to the glory of Michael Clarke Duncan in such films as "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile." There can not be any other reason why an actor of his caliber would volunteer to be part of this amateur freak show. Everyone else in the cast or not cast, there were actors or stars B-movie. Karen Black has made a good impression in "Five Easy Pieces", but I do not think she did anything of value from those times. Slash, probably under the influence of drugs to life in this film. Gina Lee Nolin nothing "Baywatch." Angelina is the biggest star of the film (meaning Duncan was not known at the time), and is still probably a ton of people who have not heard of it - for good reason. Usually, I support very low-budget movie, but this one deserves to drift into obscurity. I hope that the Lord will not become a cult! Should not there be a law against the spread shit like that?
