Once again I saw the movie, made by people who do not know anything. I just recently reviewed the Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger, and I had it. <br /> <br /> The film is rubbish. I do not know how anyone in their right mind would compare it to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This film is far from a classic. Someone called it brilliant. It's a crazy thing to say. This movie can not get any facts straight and has the worst cast I've ever seen. I do not know whose stupid idea is to throw Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all, it has nothing to do with him. Secondly, at the time, John Dillinger was killed, he was 31. When Oates did it, he was 45! You could even say that he is older than the real Dillinger, just by looking at him. Not only that, he's too old, but it was Ben Johnson as Porvis. <br /> <br /> They show Baby Face Nelson died, and then Homer Van Meter, and, finally, John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before of them. Last one to die out of three was Baby Face Nelson. Moreover, the authors do not know when they died, but they also do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after he escaped from the Little Bohemia in a bathrobe. Homer Van Meter was killed by farmers, shot guns. Homer Van Meter was cornered by police in St. Paul and shot with machine guns. Another member of the Dillinger gang, Harry Pierpont shows police shooting in this film. Pierpont was not filmed. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to death in the electric chair. I go into what happened to Baby Face Nelson on my review of Baby Face Nelson, so I will not go into detail here again. Let me also add that the image of Richard Dreyfuss with Baby Face Nelson surly. There's a scene where he attacks Dillinger, and then gets a bad beating. While Dillinger beat him, he cries like a baby, and shouts: "Leave me alone» Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Maybe Dillinger does not agree with the methods of robbing banks Nelson, but they never fought. Nelson also never cried like a little girl, while they are beaten. They continue to call him Lester «Baby Face» Nelson. He was never in his life known under this name. Currently, Nelson's name was Lester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. Black guy who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius does not know anything. Where the hell is John Milius get his information? I could have done better than the film it. <br /> <br /> In the end, they showed John Dillinger die outrageous and inexcusable. The film shows Dillinger exit the Biograph Lady in red and his girlfriend Billie FRECHETTE. By the way, Billie Frechette was not even there that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton. Porvis shouts: "Johnny" Dillinger pulls out a gun and blown to hell. This is a proven fact that Dillinger was not the gun that night. The FBI did not give him a chance to surrender and, as soon as he was in sight, they blew it. They did not even shoot him. They were so close that the powder burns were found on his person. It was murder. They also say that the man killed was not John Dillinger in the night. After the murder of tons of civilians as a result of the incident Little Bohemia you can imagine, the FBI reported that they had just killed another innocent unarmed? Gun they had at the show, which was supposedly on Dillinger was proven was not made until after Dillinger's death. I could go on and on how the man they killed was not John Dillinger, but I will stop here. If you would like to learn more check it out here <br /> <br /> See Dillinger version with Lawrence Tierney, if you want, but do not waste your time with this inaccurate piece of trash movie.
