Firstly ... with names such as Fred deer Ray Stevens Brink and Jan-Michael Vincent, plus distributors as «Rhino» and «Troma» Video box, you know what you are getting into it. In the movie mania! If you really expect to see a thriller "based on Edgar Allan Poe," forget about it and head straight for the excellent series of Roger Corman 60s Poe films. This is pure, unadulterated cheap (only pedestrian conspiracy attempts, like "The Premature Burial"), complete with a lot of R-rated video ready for sex and nudity. Nevertheless, it is certainly an interesting and fun in a sleazy kind of way ... <br /> <br /> Brinke (which has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays a rich, traumatized, insomnia housewife Victoria Monroe, whose fear of premature burial follows from its conviction that the same fate befell her father (Hoke Howell). Her useless husband Terry (Jay Richardson) racked up some serious gambling debt (debt to a gangster played by Robert to Quarry) and, through its Kinky, Blonde, European accented secretary sexy woman! Lisa (Delia Sheppard) plots to get rid of Brinke money for it. Name Meaning actress Karen Black delivers in a short time wearing blonde wig, like a hypnotist (it is too talented to be playing a minor role, as), '50s sci-fi / horror star Robert Clarke plays a doctor and family friend and Berryman show a decent sequence nightmare performing an autopsy on the still alive Vicki. Jan-Michael Vincent is mainly located outside the home, in his car making a sticky-SUM eyes, Brinke in and out of the house. <br /> <br /> The plot to kill-and-husband-to-inheritance has been made a million times before, the ending is an unintentional laugh riot (making direct robbery segment Zuni doll claimed in the trilogy of terrorist acts), and the one who created terrible blow knife face and FX decapitated head for this version needs to focus on these skills a little bit. Brinke does a decent job, making her character more sympathetic, but the biggest surprise of all, how well the former Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard in his role. She stole every scene she was in and easily gave an outstanding performance here.
