Proof why the Hollywood convention in place. Overdue dialogue, underdeveloped and flat characters and clumsy plot only part of the problems associated with this classic gangster wannabe. Trying to be bold and different, but it seems to be an attempt to slap-together in restoring the magic of Arthur Penn's Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and George Roy Hill's Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969) - a truly innovative directors and films - but fall below the bar. Problems with the plot to be obvious result of the need for voice-over explaining the problem areas. Edit again appear as an attempt to duplicate the previous classics, but sometimes inconsistent and cause more problems for me technically. Extra footage thrown to justify the videotape of them, but it would better serve the audience sitting on the floor of the room. Stills from the film, black and white installation and period music thrown from time to time in an attempt to either different or hide scenes that may not go well or replace the scenes that simply do not work at all, and again reminiscent of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969) . <br /> <br /> overly dramatic pause between sentences, accidentally shot the surrounding landscape, which was not needed for speaking plus over-the-top acting bit players and supporting actors recalls backyard camcorder Directors at the end of the 1980s - I was I wonder who was responsible for the film during production and post-production. Play music in the majority of two shots and close-ups, and then all of a sudden stop in the wide shots overly stressed faint musical accompaniment. No sound editing was not dramatically obvious, since much of the film was shooting, doors, steps and dialogue (the style used in the late 60's to mid 70's new directors), but lacks the background noise, making it seem artificial - in particular, tires crunching on gravel roads. In my opinion, a fair is the biggest problem is there is no "cute" characters to the audience of the route has not been brought to see as the protagonists of the story. Neither the bandits nor the lawmen were characters that I wanted to see the victory and not focused on how «hero'- need for any stories that work for me. We know from the Penn Hill and films that are "heroes." Despite the fact that they are criminals, we love them and want to see them go. I could care less who was on the screen in this film. I got the impression that John Milius was trying to produce or historically accurate reconstruction of a documentary film about the events surrounding the life of John Dillenger in the period from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be fair, there are some moments of good-quality stories, some moments that shine brightly from the dark and gloomy cans in which this film sits. John Milius is getting better, fortunately, in future films, where it does not seem to try to «Copy» other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not waste as many stars and famous people who were at the peak of flash involved with this director's "big budget" debut, but to wait for him on the classic movie channel, rather than spend money to rent or buy. <br /> <br />
