watching David Mackenzie brilliant young Adam wants to be a good health lost story of a lonely voyeur who is trying to counter some psycho-sexual problems with his late mother. He wants to be a gritty, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be funny and impartiality of its broken lead, as he establishes himself as an adult. <br /> <br /> To achieve this, the film tries hard to be young. His poster is to draw letters that looked like Juno. His original soundtrack is composed of rapidly evolving indie rock, which is trying to convince the audience that the hull in order; just a little bit wrong. But strangely enough the film is nothing but young. <br /> <br /> As a young Adam the central mystery of the film comes to women sunken-in this case, the mother in Hull. Young Adam keeps his secret quiet, contemplative, and the pace is good enough to hit you with the truth as they come. Hull Foe does the opposite. This is the first plan of psychosis his character is so clear and so early that he was never really anything outside the expected parameters. The opening scene of Hull in his house on a tree, watching his sister fooling around with her boyfriend. Hull quickly interrupts, claiming its presence in the household. Here we see that Hallee will do for the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> mystery drowning his mother whether it was suicide or murder of the girlfriend of his father. The viewer can never be exactly the Hallam trust, because, apart from the fact that terrible, we believe that his obsession led him close to madness. This hindered the element of mystery to me, because Hull is too sporadic to be Relatable. Really, if he had found some clues that will support his claim, he runs away from home, being the first to look for the police. Then he gets very distracted by the girl who looks like her mother, who is depressing story from the mystery element. <br /> <br /> While Jamie Bell does bring some very endearing traits in his character lost, he was limited to evidence of his psychological needs. This film in no way mysterious, but it is not something stupid. He's trying to be realistic in such matters, but it adds a very shy boldness that registers itself as quite the opposite. He is on the soundtrack of heavy, needle relationships help the audience root for the hero, scalable building picks locks, and the camp for the sake of voyeurism. These urban adventure radar Hallee involved in the way too hard redneck internal thrust to do, and they are not sexy, frivolous, or enjoyable. They are more neutral than anything; Sun pushing character or story. Mackenzie makes you realize Hallam, but he was not able to build common ground. <br /> <br /> He expects you to enjoy the trials and tribulations Halleh without any ideological justification. The film depends on the point of view of his audience voyeurism / a person who engages in it. It is obvious that most people will be put to shame. And Hallam Foe understand that, but it does not allow us to see Hull weigh the morality of their decisions. He goes from one person to another, trying to fill a deep void. There is a particularly disturbing line from the love interest Keith Hull, where she drunkenly says: "I love the terrible boy," perhaps by asking the audience to do the same line trying foretells her understanding of his (her motivation remains uncertain everywhere) and tries. Next, we judge it. it's not difficult to love the Hallam, but it is very difficult to participate in its Adventure- if it's even an adventure at all. All this time, the film tries to use his brilliant soundtrack to mask his dubious mood. <br /> < br /> Great performances burdened f elm with a weak third act, cloudy development, and without the need of ambiguous areas of the Mackenzie. In recent years, the film was re-named after the US release, and for what reason? Not only is it more unattractive, but the bitter truth is that Hull character never gets the title of "master".
