I was always writing this series on how full the stench festival because Belushi was involved in it, and it is difficult. But once there was a tragic accident. After the White Sox game was over, I realized that the console was all the way on the other side of the room somehow. Now, I could have just stood up and walked across the room to the remote control, or even your TV to turn on the channel. But then, why not just get up and walk across the country to watch TV in another state? "Nuts to that," I said. So I decided to just hang tight on the couch and take what fate was in store for me. What fate had in store was an episode of the show, the episode, which I remember very little, except that I once made a very broad general opinion based on sweeping blanket zero objective or empirical proof of anything at all to keep their views to with, and once again I was right! This show is a total bitch pies! Belushi has all the comedic delivery hairy lighthouse foghorn. Women are physically attractive, but too much of Stepford, it is to cause any real feel of the viewer. There's absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running down to the local television station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending each copy of a dog howling back to hell. <br /> <br /> Also .. <br /> <br /> for outstanding comic StY Ling Larry Joe Campbell, the greatest American comic character actor except. This guy plays Belushi in-law, Andy, and he is gold. How good is he really? Well, except for that funny, his job is to make Belushi look good. It's like trying to make an example of the warts look good. But Campbell pulls it off with style. Someone should invent a Nobel Prize for Comic buffoonery, so that he could win every year. Without Larry Joe the show will consist of a slightly vacant looking Thorne-Smith whipping Belushi on the head with a frying pan when he alternately beat their breasts and plays with straw on the floor of his cell. 5 stars for Larry Joe Campbell is comedy Bacon, because it improves the taste of all that he is!
