What about Dahmer childhood - a double hernia operation, which is believed to have caused his obsession with the inner workings of the human body? What about the "land of infinity"? - The game, he came up with as a child, participating stick men to be killed if they came too close to each other, suggesting that the proximity is the ultimate danger. What about the relationship between his parents, and emotional problems of his mother, which were much more relevant than his own relationship with his father? His sense of contempt, when his brother was born? And what about his fascination with insects and animals? How will he cut ROADKILL and hang it in the woods behind his house? And that more attention is paid to it cannibalism? And what about his parents' divorce? These are all things that should have been included in the film. Instead, the director decided to give us a divorcee "snapshot" of a night or two in his life, and combine it with a series of confusing and sometimes unnecessary flashback to the events, which were not even particularly relevant to our understanding Dahmer. <br /> <br /> Why can not the director shows how Dahmer were interested in people as objects instead of people? He could make this point many times, especially in the scenes in which he drug his victims while he has sex with them (which actually took place in the health club, not a nightclub). Instead, it just shows his ramming away at them from behind. <br /> <br /> While I appreciate there is only so much information you can cram 90 minutes (or as long as desired), but why spend so much of the film examines his relationship with Luis Pinet? (Known as Rodney in the film). My only assumption is that the director is trying to create the character of Pina in to try and get us to fear for, or to empathize with him, but this film should be about Jeffrey Dahmer, why he could not spend the forty-five minutes for something else? If the scene and their relations have been important enough to justify such a time, then fair enough, but it was not. The scene in which he kills Steven Hicks, his first victim, a vital part of the history of Jeffrey Dahmer, because it was the first murder, and because of the effect that the murder was the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that this was his first murder, or that he did not kill again for nine years. We assume, because his hair is different, and he is wearing glasses, it is a memory, but when? And why? <br /> <br /> What about the shrine he did in his living room before the end of his career? -one of the most important tips that we have in understanding Dahmer and his motivations .. <br /> <br /> Some people may find their need for precision in fact and detail anal bits, but having studied the Jeffrey Dahmer in depth, it is clearly evident that this film has very little to do with the man he was and the crimes he has committed. Why spend the time to create a film based on Jeffrey Dahmer, and not solve the real problem behind his descent into madness and carnage that unfolded? <br /> <br /> Finally, a film with a subject as repellent as it is required to carry an 18 certificate, not 15. We need to see his perversion in greater depth in order to understand how detached he was from the rest of us. This does not mean pointing drill actually entering Konerak Sinthasomphone head in for example, but at least an indication of the number of people he had killed, and that the commentators were, when in fact murder. Anyone watching this movie, who do not know the story of Dahmer can leave thinking that he killed only a few people. He actually killed seventeen people. <br /> <br /> In addition to the facts and the lack of depth, the film is not so bad. There are some good cinema and good performances of the two protagonists. I would like to do it again, filmmakers, having more knowledge, more power, and better reason to do a movie in the first place.
