The layout strange, strange film, based on the novel "know them" on the Vercors. In order to unleash criticism in the film feels very bad, because it is a film that deals with a true how humanity, and prayers for the vertical moral norms and tolerance. But, despite his honorable intentions and his well-meaning tons, wiring simply not a very good film. For me, the main problem is the very awkward story, which can not make up your mind to how best to convey your message. The first half of the movie, like watching standard jungle expedition, with a wave of his ilk Tarzan; Later he balances in the sci-fi fable; in the end, it slips into the hall melodramatics court. The differences in tone between each section of the film is too large, too sharp, overlooked. They stick out like a sore thumb and constantly remind you that you look confused, disorganized movie. <br /> <br /> archaeological expedition in the jungles of New Guinea, led by adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the main archeologists participating in the tour is an attractive lady scientist Dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a hard campaign, they stumble upon a strange tribe of ape-like creatures. These primitive, long-lost people covered in hair and preserved for centuries, without being in any way hurt or under the influence of the events of modern man. There is some evidence that they may be early human ancestors ?? "The missing link" in the evolution of apes into man. Or, perhaps, a race of people who just look and behave differently from usual? Or even dew animals that began to develop human qualities? Archaeologists called tribe "trail" and was initially enthusiastic about the consequences of their discoveries. But events take a devastating turn when bad opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Habshmid) announces its intention to operate the tribe and their idyll on behalf of the developers. He casts doubt on whether the Tropi really "people" and taking his argument to the court, where he hopes to get legal support so that his own greedy ambitions can be pursued. <br /> <br /> It was very early in the Reynolds' film career, and he really imbalances this film, acting as he is in the comedy while the rest of the cast to take it all very seriously. Not that Reynolds can be blamed ?? he has an impossible role, asked to play a magical adventurer who actually belongs in a flick of Tarzan. His character and the film have no relation to each other. Clark fares much better as a sincere lady archaeologist, and there is good support for the role of British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. A significant drawback in the wiring is inaccurate and inefficient makeup is used to give Tropi their strange hairy appearance. Instead, the actors look believable hominoids, the haughty hair just makes them look unintentionally comical ??. and it's just not the right idea. We are called to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but it is very difficult if they look so convincing. The layout is an unsuccessful attempt to tell a story that would be bitter, philosophical and challenging. Honorable intentions there for all to see, but the end result does not make them justice. Worthy failure may be a failure but nonetheless.
