While the general idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was intriguing, I found the movie to be much smaller than I expected after reading Summery plot. Maybe I'm too much of a child in the technological age: the film was made, it is now 2002 official five years ago --after view epic fantasy, such as the Lord of the Rings and science fiction exploits, like Star Wars, as a whole is not It can be compared with other films of similar lines such as Odyssey Dinotopia or Homer. <br /> <br /> May beef, mainly in the fact that I could not tie --I I'm about the same age of the children (young adults), and there is no problem to put yourself in the place men of middle age, when this symbol is available. But the picture is not taken me to another mental plain of existence. I do not consider myself to say «ACK! I would have done the same! ". He did not open the door to my imagination. Even without comparing it with other big-budget films or television films, standing alone, some aspects of the function I found to be a pattern: Character development in children has occurred too quickly for my liking, seeing too many stereotypical selfish teenager -bitter-change after divorce image we're-a-big-happy-family-let's never separate again feels that ultimately can make or break a picture in the long term. Even the characters themselves can be improved: was necessary a typical set of one or other stereotypes. Were ubiquitous selfish beauty looking to be naughty, accompanied by Mr. Ideally, combine athletics, good looks and intelligence more thoughtful attitude, and finally, smart herring younger brother, we find so often these days. While I know the person pushed the story forward, I think that adding more personality far more unique nuances and differences to make it more enjoyable th believable (as character) -. Film <br /> <br /> I have to raise my glass with costumes and many --that made it worth bringing to an end for me. Do not get me wrong: all the films are worth seeing for themselves, and view one could ever explain, according to many, but I think with a little more depth to the script, and a little more (I can not believe I'm saying this) realism, I dare say, Escape from Atlantis could be charming.
