The main problem with the documentary film "Czech Dream" is that it does not really say what he thinks, what it says <br /> <br /> The bold. - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - the act of street theater, vit Klusaka and Remund, two student filmmakers from the Czech Republic, withdrew large corporate hoax to serve as the basis for his films: they deliberately fabricated false "hypermarket" (Eastern equivalent of the European Costco or Wal Mart Super Store), built a whole ad campaign around it - crowded billboards, radio and TV, the official logo, a catchy theme song and images of counterfeit goods - and then waited to see how much "spinning" will show them creation on the opening day. They even built a makeshift facade, to convince people that the store itself actually exists. <br /> <br /> You can also ask the question: "Why is" Well, it's a very good question, but the answer is not to give the filmmakers all that satisfying one. In fact, we were told that the purpose of the stunt was to show how easily people can be manipulated, believing that somehow - even the fact that it is not - simply through the power of advertising. And the filmmakers to run for cover moral, arguing that the "real" (ie, above) the purpose of the charade to convince the Czech people not to succumb to all advertisements, urging them to join the European Union. Fair - especially considering that the actual advertisers who agree to go along with the trick to declaim against the unethical nature of the clients are constantly justifying their cooperation in fraud, claiming that it is a form of "research" in what does and does not work in advertising. In a way, allowing themselves to be caught on camera making these comments, these ads are a man and a woman so deceived from the creators of the film, the poor unsuspecting people who are the main target of tricks. <br /> <br /> but, in many ways, a satirical arrows not only achieved its intended purpose, it is ironic resets immediately around for most filmmakers who launched it. After all, they, and not the good and, of course, trusting people who ultimately come off as unethical and classless of them here, as they continue to make a fool with all decent people, some of them elderly and disabled, and have to travel a long distance walk to get to places. And that all this should prove, anyway? The fact that people are "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new supermarket in search of bargains? Or that they are stupid and gullible, because they do not suspect that there may not be an actual market, even if one were advertised? Such alertness requires a level of cynicism that would have made it almost impossible to function in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I'm afraid that's arrogant, unpleasant "trick" only proves that the complete and utter jerk filmmakers to create some really good people feel like idiots. And, in fact, many of them when they finally discover the trick that was played with them, respond with courtesy and good humor, I'm not sure that I could gather was I to find myself in their position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that the film is not spectacular - something akin to witnesses massive traffic accident in action - but when the dust finally solved and all the disappointed customers come back red-faced and empty-handed of their home, we can confidently say that they are not the ones who should be ashamed.
