When I saw this film, I've heard all the hype, and I've heard people say that Denzel deserves an Oscar next to his Golden Globe, i, I thought that he must do a great job, considering Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I understand that people say it is not to anger the African-American community (if they are not the blacks themselves). I always hear complaints about how African-Americans will never stand out and how they should have won. Sometimes this is true (not so much at the moment), because Whoppi Goldberg had to win best actress for The Color Purple, and the film should have won best picture. The only reason why this film was so blown up, as it were, because people see a film about the (* SEMI-SPOILER *) difficulties African-American in a very racist period of time, and they will automatically mark it as a masterpiece. <, Br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is a great actor, but his role in this film does not affect me at all. I was bored with him in the movie, and his actions here was very similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not as good. The viewer has to leave to believe this man, Rubin Carter, a saint. People left the movies worship this man, this hero, and they went out and bought his book, making this character rich. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells the story of a man who has spent most of his life in prison, mostly for crimes he did not commit. Of course, he did not commit the crime (theft mostly) was only to survive, nothing more. People felt sorry for him, despite the fact that drug dealers and thieves, probably made as much for the same reasons, but looked down upon in society. Everything in this film tries to portray this man as holy (for obvious infidelity he was in relation to his wife and the aggression he showed another man, when he met his wife, for an exception), but why not do it in the end, it was his point of view. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood's interpretation), which are based on "real" stories, because they tend to distort the "true" part into something else, something not so sure. It was his view and construction of Hollywood, but felt that it was true, no doubt. Well, I researched his past a bit before making any assumptions, and he was a very cruel man. Moreover, there is a probability that he killed these people. If you do not believe me, look for it on the internet and read the article, some people have it. Boxing match, he claimed to have won so easily, actually won his rival Zhiardello is the tape to prove it. In addition, there are a lot of twisted and intentionally omitted facts in this film. The supporting cast were the nicest people I have ever seen on the face of the earth and their "beautiful and perfect" person types it is difficult to keep up. <br /> <br /> This film was a Hollywood version of yet another boring story accurately, which still remains to tell the truth. actor Denzel is obsolete, and the ratio of Mickey Mouse supporting cast are annoying. The film begins as a very slow pace, and sad.
