I have heard and read a lot of praising things about "Northern Train", which is based on the novel written by no less than Clive Barker and supposedly the best adaptation of his work, as the original "Hellraiser", which he directed himself, but still I can now only express very mixed feelings about my viewing experience. The most suitable period to miss the entire film just words: sick! Violence and sadistic extremes, which undoubtedly attracts fanatical young horror enthusiasts, but it's also incredibly gratuitous and operational. Normally speaking, I am very violence, but it should at least serve some kind of purpose. Cutting ?? literally ?? depicted in "North Train" only intended to shock and repel viewers with a weak nervous system and easily upset stomachs, and even that is not fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are some drawbacks, some even more than the senseless gore, but maybe I have to focus on the good elements of the first. The basic concept is certainly promising, and a plurality of sequences (e.g., chases in the refrigerating chamber, for example) literally oozed from nail-biting suspense and eerie atmosphere. Unfortunately, the stimulation is very uneven and the development of a potentially fantastic story made unnecessarily complicated. Presumably, the novel treatment for a long script of the film is responsible for violations of the pacemaker, but I honestly think that they could do more with the outcome, as well as the character played by Vinnie Jones. The plot is Leon, a novice photographer in New York, whose agent is advised to look really menacing face of the city through the ominous picture. Leon becomes obsessed with stalking introverted and suspicious of the butcher himself, who is always waiting for the train midnight. The right to Leon as a butcher is irreconcilable serial killer who literally suppresses your victim with a big hammer, but the motivation and behavior of the murderer to offer something more significant going on the tracks at night. "Midnight Express" comes naturally disturbing places like the subway station at night and animals slaughterhouses, as well as the film also benefice of good acting performances and a truck quite disturbing images (for example, the bodies on meat hooks and rail cars blurred in the blood), but the director Ryuhei Kitamura ( «Versus», «Godzilla Final war") do not take full advantage of all of these. The ending leaves a whole lot of questions unanswered and even if Clive Barker was referring to, as it is, I still think we deserve a little more refinement finish. "Midnight Express" is somewhat intriguing and certainly a memorable film, but not without defaults. It is not intended for the easily offended viewers, but maybe people are looking for a plot of coherence and clarity, should be left alone as well.
