I do not know why, but I thought I'd seen this movie before. Maybe it was the name, maybe it was the way the poster look, I do not know. Anyway, it was very promising at the beginning. And even in all functions were some bright moments. Maybe because I'm not a big fan of horror, and I do not watch a lot of them, but it is actually one time looked fresh. But otherwise it is not so good. Funny at times. The film is slow paced, sometimes you get so sad you could forget that this story is about. Characters are not great either. All of them. Butcher in order, it seems awful and crazy enough. Although I have not got what were those strange things, looking at his chest (which is the whole scene looked really fake and kind of out-of-blue), and why he collects those banks in the home? The main presenter is clear. His character is very hard to believe and very developed. But I think, Thats wine writers. How and why he was crying when he shot his girlfriend? Side cast too bad. But most importantly, I hated this film was a girl. My God, when did women have brains in horror movies? Its ridiculous. She learns that maniac took her boyfriend camera, trying to go to the police that fails, and then she thought of the best ideas ever. Why do not we go and take it! I know where lives a maniac! Yes! That swell! And then look at the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then walk into the room and sees a bag that was not there before, and just look inside. Maybe the camera is? It does not exist. But an interesting load. Brilliant. Mmmm. In order to understand that the bag means that the butcher returned too hard for her tiny tiny brain. Then, of course, it never ends "falling escaping" trick, which really made it look bad. Then, to put the final nail in the character, in the film's end, it comes in a wagon full of corpses hung from his feet, shouting «NOOOO», she just tore her bag Gucci, and what is going on in the car. .. Jeez. Come on. No one thinks that it's just, well, dull? Just awful. If her character was not too bad, maybe the film will get another star or two from me. And I would even forgive MMT characters that can take a hit in the head with a steel hammer (the man on the train, which the leader is killed), butcher jackets, which can protect against bullets, amazing and cheap-looking monsters in the end (I'm useless "t read Barker's novel, so I have no idea where these monsters came from), the fact that no one cared that hundreds of (judging by the skeletons in the cave) disappeared in the city, and the main character, which does not expire death when he got my tongue torn out (he barely noticed, I think). Oh, and predictable ending. Hell, I knew that the end of the midway had only disappointment. The only reason why I still give some credit to the creators, is that the film as a whole looks better than most of the horror I have watched over the last few months. The visual style is good, some of the shots were very nice and well-CGI, which made the murder look very hard. (Although the blood does not look real at all), I believe that some people will enjoy it, some, like me, will be watching if nothing else, to see some of them will absolutely hate.
