I've heard a lot about this film, with people write to me saying that I need to see how I am in favor extremely bloody, gory movies. I got my hands on it almost immediately, but one or the other thing that always kept me watching this- so far. I'd rather not remember, I was even. <br /> <br /> This film was brutal. The worst thing though is that it might be much better than it really was. I do not know that this was a story by Clive Barker and all, and no, I did not read that story, but it seems to me that if you do not, you will, like me, very ignorant and totally disappointed. <, Br /> <br /> film begins well enough- actors are convincing, interesting story. The first scene of a bloody great way to get your attention. I thought that the blood looked a little bad, but seeing as it was the very first scene I did hope for improvement in the future. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> Blood and effects are so terrible, it was almost an insult to my intelligence might be expected to believe that, for example, someone could knock a man's head on their shoulders, using only meat hammer. WTF? CGI blood (?! They even use any "real" blood all my homemade stuff looks better than any used in the film), incredible acts of dismemberment (eyeballs popping out only to hit the back of the head, hands cut gently off- does one remember all have bones within our bodies?), too dark scenes (each scene or odd yellow color, or hidden in the shadow) ... it's getting worse and worse. I found that pointing to one mistake after another. There's just too much. Add to that the fact that that could and should have good serial killer movie turns into some kind of demonic / supernatural / monster movie in the end ... no thanks! He had to be saved as a terrible guy sausage people subway- OK with conspiracy theory thrown in- and overzealous photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell the meat through a meat-packing plant? Probably doable ... and much better than I think, that the "real" story. It could have and should have worked. Instead, he became "the creatures living in the end of the old tunnel, and everybody knows about it except you, and if you have not read the book, well ... you just do not always understand the" bummer. Tragic, what a terrible thing to do to a film with such potential. If you like mindless fake blood and blood, you will love it. But if you have half a brain in your head, then you will be completely loathe. Stay away- far, far away.
