As a good advertisement for republicanism as you'll ever likely to see, "Mayerling" the daily history of the royal people of the late nineteenth century Austria.Set during a seemingly continuous internal unrest in Europe it concerns itself with the Emperor Franz Joseph (Mr James Mason), a rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Mr Omar Sharif) Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and high lover, undercover policemen, spies extravagant-uniform popinjays, Roma, dancers, wives, soldier, swans, horse and a whimsical inbred web euros Yeisk king Franz Joseph during the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Filmed in that old movie posters called "riot of color" he recalls nothing more than expensively dressed, but intellectually contested production «The Student Prince» .Mr James Mason, wearing a very neat little white room, uses his universal Mittel-European accent when he remembers.I I'm a big fan of his, and I sincerely hope that the award was comensurate disgust he clearly felt for the character he played. Mr. Omar Sharif, who has built a career largely based on looking straight at the camera with his big brown eyes and soulful looks, gives a surprisingly uniform performance, like his son, Crown Prince.He quite unconvincing, like a man who - in a movie in the least cut the band through the Austrian side brace aristocracy.With it well with butter locks firmly in place, he cleans and puts in an even more unexpected uniforms.As rebel conversation he says, but obviously not in a position to walk, leaving the bottom button to cancel on one of his tunics is about the As far as his disobedience goes.Unhappily married, he falls in love with a common man. "Forbidden Love" is one of come-ons.As film, she plays the most unusual Miss Catherine Deneuve, he just pushes the envelope there.Miss Deneuve has a section to die, and we see a lot of it, especially in the sequence set out in ballet. Now I love the ballet as much as the next person, but this sequence seems to runs for an excessive amount of time, more cynical critic might consider it "stuffing." the mother of Rudolph, the Empress played Miss Ava Gardner.She gives the part of some good old American oooomph, which makes it so Rohi as "Auntie Mame", but it is made with undeniable style.Rudolf, of course, was very fond of his mother -. LL I do not put it no stronger than that only performance worth seeing that Mr. James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt - I'm sorry, Edward, Prince Wales.He so strangely indifferent to all that is happening around him, it is a joy behold.I waited in vain for him to ask Rudolph the immortal question, "How much bleeding time?". I'm not qualified to contest the "Mayerling» «s historical accuracy, but, in my opinion, everything else about him a clown. It Ruritanian opera buffa, without melodies, to send you home from the theater whistle.
