This is the same Kim Ki-duk, who led the bitter life spanning a review of "Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter and Spring"? However, Kim Ki-duk, who directed the elegant, almost soundless, heartbreaking sadness "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki-duk, who dazzled us with prodigious tragedy "Coast Guard" and made us squirm about ugliness careless teenage prostitution before returning to his almost proprietary nature motifs to allow us all (the characters and audience alike) to experience redemption in the "Samaritan"? I just can not find it in this movie. <br /> <br /> Yes, of course, the nature of the motive Kim is still present. The film takes place entirely on the lake, surrounded by mountains and the floats resting serenely on the surface of calm water. Yes, it's Kim Ki-duk, all right. Kim even describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview included in the DVD special features. But I'm not sure what's more, it means that after viewing this presentation putrid. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful about serdityhah pot neck prostitutes, lewd, cruel and neck pot fishermen in dumb greedy merchant are obvious animal torture, mutilation sequence and at a pace that nauseating swings between the animals' wishes and senseless brutality ? These are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in this totally erroneous conclusions, and ultimately pointless film. If it is based on the bikes or intended as a parable or appointed to be a symbol of something greater, the reviewer is not familiar with the source material. It was advantageous in comparison with «Audition» by Japanese director Takashi Miike (to the great satisfaction of Kim), but aside from some surprisingly good performances, especially considering the fact that they had to work on leading actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk I think there is little reason to recommend this film. I have not seen «Audition», but I doubt that it would have changed in any case, I think «The Isle.» His violent pornographic and sadistic stupidly. His sex is not pornographic, but indifferent, and masochistic. Characters behave on impulse annoying, because there is no plot. His point is either non-existent or, I admit, lost among Korean cultural oddities that I am not able to understand, <br /> <br /> The only beauty in the film, which is a classic Kim :. Fog enveloped the boat slowly through the quiet lapping of the lake, mountainous terrain dominates the background, and a creative and playful use of color. Sometimes it seems that audiences are closed in a large room sliders Kim Ki-duk. Some touches like a mysterious and seductive silent merchant played Jung and pleasantly odd use of motorcycles, intriguing. But as the movie, this effort quite confusing, and, in the end, offensive to the senses, not necessarily feel. It is hoped that Kim will leave this kind of filmmaking in the trash of his past, because we know he is capable of so much more.
