Despite the well-known people who either are big fans of Chomsky, or think that he is tired relic from the 1960s, I really had no opinion about the man, except that I knew that he was known as a linguist, although I could not find out any of his theory, and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist predilections. So, stumble on DVD in 2003 documentary Chomsky: Rebel without a pause, to use a video store, a movie that followed him for the 2002 book tour for his book 9-11, I decided to get it, so I may just have a bit of knowledge the person in the next time the person for or against it, talking about it. While I'm glad I got the movie, my first reaction to this stupid and badly edited hagiography was, what all the fuss? <br /> <br /> For a man with such a large number of degrees, praised as "the most important intellectual alive", in The New York Times, in a DVD case, there really was not much there, intellectually speaking. I know that I chewed it up and spat it in the debate, and I do not even want to see that William F. Buckley could do for him. Of course, the entire film was seemingly about Homsk see conspiracies everywhere, and with glazed eyes Coeds nod overwhelming approval of the most senseless and outrageous things that he would say, rather than linguistics, so it is possible that the reason why he left so bad, but then again, if he is a linguist, and tops in your field, then why in the world would anyone care what he has to say on something outside their area of ​​expertise. ??? Even worse are his friends, who seem more human isolates from reality, by strengthening the delusion that Chomsky is a target for the Zionist murderers. What little I knew Chomsky, before watching this film, I knew he was generally considered to be, and largely irrelevant intellectually, after the fall of the Soviet empire. The film is so poorly structured, and no narrative, it is difficult to separate all the mixed. His wife, Carol, as an example, apparently gave one interview and cut down where in the film. She seems to be quite a good woman, but totally out of her element in charge of anything but the most basic questions about their lives. Single interesting, she says, that 9/11 was a big thing for Chomskys, as it reaps a lot of money, speaking fees since. <br /> <br /> It is not surprising that this kind of film gives almost no biographical background. He suggested that all viewers need to know all the applause, this "great man" bear. Chomsky rarely interviewed one-on-one. Stylistically, there is no camera movement, a lot of interesting edits, no signature touches, and most of the film dissected Rambles Chomsky, video huzzahs Chomsky declaiming on this or that, and slack-jawed awe and students looking at him as if he was insignificant, that is, when minded Coeds do not ask just heard simplified and funny questions to him. It really is a poor film-director and editor of Pasco, which, FILMMAKER Application DVD which shows that it is one more uncritical acolyte with Chomsky. In addition, one of the surest signs that this is not an objective documentary, but simply agitprop, and vanity piece of agitprop, thus, is that none of the time Chomsky is shown struggling with the answer. He seems to be a font of knowledge, which has no borders. <br /> <br /> Given that most of the dreck that was filmed during Chomsky lectures at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada, to the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, much of what he says Chomsky seems distant as things the era of the Vietnam war. Yes, he makes some good points here and there, in the American media of complicity to war, but he goes after them with folly, because he does not seem to understand that the majority of orders are single and not completely built out orders. As an example, he argues that the advertising industry is a small party that ruthlessly controls the population, but does not say a word about the zombie population that allows itself to be so controlled. In addition, he argues, the Trilateral Commission rule the world, and that people's fear of crime as long as the result of another small party in. Of course, this claim so far fully explains the rape crisis centers, and all that wasted time and money to the district offices of lawyers consume. He also makes the absurd claim that Cuba is a victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and the company was a major sponsor of this in Latin America, Asia and Africa, until the Soviet Union fell. I can only guess that the UFO conspiracists just waiting for Chomsky to announce that the gray aliens have created a species-mixing satiety center in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In his simple-a world without dullness, Chomsky bogey as thick as members Bushco, whom he reviles, there; especially since they do not claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who lives in the past, over his head on most issues, and its depth intellectually. Toward the end of the movie, he warns, "Be careful when you hear of intellectuals to be a fighter for justice", one can only laugh as a man, it would seem, I have never met a revolutionary person, no thought that he did not like it, regardless how barbarous their crimes, and their anti-intellectual postulate. Please pause before you spend time and money on this stupid, and it does not matter, DVD.
