DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong), who was not leading a fairly normal life until her friend Mary (Hedrenno) killed a werewolf, you see, the werewolf actually exist in modern day America, and there is a special organization of the police to combat the threat werewolf headed detective Steve Ter (Ryan Olosio), which has a difficult task to say Josie that she is in fact a pure blood of a werewolf himself, and that so-called "dark prince» werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants to mate with g and create a new breed of net working blood, which will take over the entire world, or something like that. Of course, Josie is hard to believe that it is, that is, until she sees the evidence of his eyes. It's a Werewolf Steve police to save Josie Day & world ... <br /> <br /> Because the executive producer and director Richard Friedman, I thought it was pretty bad DarkWolf low budget horror film shot on a digital video camera that I do not really do anything for me. Scenario Geoffrey Alan Holliday begins promisingly enough to be installed in a strip club with lots of naked breasts on the show and then there's a werewolf attack that leaves someone splattered all over the place, but after a decent opening sequence is pretty much down hill all the way, I'm afraid. First, he walks slowly, it's boring, it's predictable and this settlement is very annoying character that comes with a lot of bad dialogue and do stupid things, like when they have the opportunity to shoot a werewolf, they do not, I do not know why, but they prefer just stand there instead. The script is blunt and does not explain myself why not Josie entirely transformed into a werewolf before? Is it really just one? Why is this "dark prince" can not find another female werewolf? There are also many other things that make little or no sense, as the ancient books that fist, it seems very important, but then completely forgotten about halfway through, but you get the idea anyway, in general, the film stretches forward in the linear fashion on a very predictable climatic showdown, which chops up, to say the least. <br /> <br /> Director Friedman illuminates the film quite well with the bright neon, but it noted new or original and not really improve the film as a spectacle. Now let's talk special effects, or rather the lack thereof, because the effects DarkWolf far from special, Werewolf transformation is achieved with the help of CGI, and it is one of the worst-looking CGI I have ever seen, seriously Playstation will be embarrassed that computer graphics. This is easily the worst conversion werewolf I've ever seen An American Werewolf in London (1981) was made over 25 years ago, special effects that literally light years ahead of those seen in DarkWolf, who says that the special effects have improved over these years? The animatronic puppet effects are not much better either though at least there's something on the mental screen. Gore not to many after the bloody murder of the opening there are some splashes of blood and a lot of dead bodies, but not much else. T fair amount of female nudity, if that's your thing, but do not get too excited, because you still have to sit through a horrible movie to see if it really worth? <br /> <br /> Technically DarkWolf okay except, perhaps, the worst CGI effects ever, this is quite well done, and it is, at least, seems to have production values. Act is what you would expect really. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf another low-budget horror film of the crap that litter shelf video shops and schedule clutter obscure cable TV stations, I do not think it was as bad as some, but it is said to go to the dentist a little more fun than going to the funeral, but when all is said and done, they are both terrible ... more
