Order begins in Rome, where the head of a special order of priests who are engaged in ghosts and demons on behalf of Dominic's brother (Francesco Carnelutti) found dead, cut in New York, where one of his orders Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger) binds the top brass Cardinal Dryskola (Peter Weller), who is asking him to investigate the mysterious circumstances of the death of Dominic. Together with his girlfriend Willims Dream (Sossamon) and fellow priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy), Alex goes to Italy to delve into his teacher's death, as the truth begins to emerge seems that Dominic was someone «Sin Eater», which is absorbed by other sins and she lived with their weight so that they can die in peace, and that the Church was not happy about his activities. Alex must do what is right, even if it contradicts what he believes ... <br /> <br /> Also known as the Sin Eater is an American of German co-production was written, produced and directed Bian Helgeland & waiting for "t really do that much for me when I'm honest and I used to be honest, that is. Anyway, let's start with the disorder scenario that has some ideas OK, but it's thoroughly predictable, extremely miserable and sad, really stupid sometimes and it takes itself too seriously. The whole concept of abnormal and while he thinks that it is prudent with his oh neat twist ending that ties everything up and brings the story full circle, I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to end things. There's the usual religious themes here, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy's, blah, blah, blah, you know the sort of thing. Then there is the twist that is not difficult to see the arrival, there is an abuse of power by senior clerics, corruption, greed, evil, etc., you know kind of clichéd Hollywood ideals and those who get reused every time he has to deal with church. Order has nothing new to say, and as a serious piece of film that makes it sucks a lot. I have no doubt who the Order is designed to appeal as a die-hard fan of horror I have not seen a lot of horror in it at all, as a thriller, it's less exciting as a mystery is too predictable, and there is nothing here to really grasp or maintain those interest for some reason I can not understand the IMDb also does not list the order as an action movie, which is absurd, because it is so exciting and action-packed as the average episode of Sesame street (1969 - present), harsh, maybe, but this is I think ... <br /> <br /> Director of Helgeland obits work OK, the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme and it all looks a bit drab, gray and dull. For an imaginary horror film The Order is very easy to panic and horror elements, is not really any of or separate from the evil of two children, who can turn into a flock of birds without apparent reason, do not ask. Forget about any gore or violence, there is a good, but it would help, at least to order more watchable. Under section IMDb in the "little things" the release date of the Order has been put back, so some of the special effects can be improved, because they looked unintentionally funny, all that I can say, judging by the finished film effects have been really bad to start, because that they are not exactly brilliant as it stands now. <br /> <br /> I was amazed to see the Order had a budget of about $ 28 million, which is a heck of a lot of money, and I just can not see where it all went in addition to sets and production design, which with It is good. The entire film looks and feels very mean and very forgettable. Actions in order, although annoying fat guy, which seems to be kind of annoying swears comic relief, a good actor like Peter Weller deserves better than that. <br /> <br /> The Order, I prefer the name of the Sin Eater is actually not so important too, ignores all this is intended purpose of the proverbial mile, as I understand it, and rather dull way to spend 100 odd minutes of his life, so do not do it! Not recommended.
