This sorry excuse for a film reminded me a lot of what I've heard about the "Gigli", Ben and Jen flop at the beginning of this summer. "Order" obviously edited a shameless extent that scene, not the formation of a cohesive and provocative film, seems to be a collection of unrelated sequences that did little to send any semblance of a single story. Now I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ( "10 Things I Hate About You," "A Knight's Tale", and in particular, his supporting role in "Monster Ball"), but my people have to find yourself the best agent. Keep taking scenarios, like «The Order» and "The Four Feathers" and it's going to be on the fast track to the movie oblivion. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems I had with the film. Firstly, the director tried to make up for the shortcomings of their important sites through the introduction of two other storylines that seemingly have little to do with, well, a lot of things. The plot scrolls featuring an American attempt to take on the Vatican and Pope Dark, while mildly interesting, did nothing to reveal to the viewer nothing about the main characters. Attempts to connect these threads together were dismal at best. Second, please do not insult the viewer's intelligence by inserting the film scenes that are clearly required. We have produced melancholy, made love and made the most idiotic sex, which seemed like a page right out of "The Matrix Reloaded" numb skull techno music. Instead of developing character, these elements seemed like a cheap device, they were obviously half-hearted attempts to enter the popcorn chewing teens in places. Third, and most importantly, this film seemed to ha ve intriguing concept. We have a scandal, we have a religion, and we have a supernatural power in the game. Why then do not we learn almost nothing about someone's background? We learn a little about Alex, but even he abandons the priesthood of passion, to sleep with a woman after two days, the woman who tried to kill him during the exorcism at some point in the past. And Alex is the most developed, if one can call it that, a character in the whole film. <br /> <br /> As the cliché goes now, if you're going to see one movie this year, make sure it's not this one. There's about ten minutes from the exciting 101 minutes of unbearable things. The only thing that saved me was going with a girl, I'm rather fond of. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10. I'm disappointed. File this under the strict -had potential, but blew it on a bad editing and directing-. You are my man, go back to the spherical Kama Monsters. They really fit.
