Even if this movie was supposed to make a joke in response to criticism that it's still a terrible film. If someone is going to make this kind of thing, at least make it a good joke ..... first of all, Jeroen Krabbé I think the poor Gerard Depardieu naturally ..... I hate Gerard Depardieu, despite the fact that he was very funny in the "iron mask" three Musketeers one. Otherwise I like it a cash poison and Jeroen Krabbe's worse than that. box office poison poor man .... in fact, not be fair to the economically disenfranchised. If the "fourth man" has to be some criticism of the bourgeoisie .... what am I saying? it is not so. Let's just say, hypothetically, when he should have been, he was not sharp enough. Satire difficult thing .... if it's not sharp enough viewer becomes an example of jokes instead ...... I think that's what happened. History finishes like a bunch of pathetic disgusting characters, not doing anything, that someone will take care of and interesting ways ..... or (for the more interesting and worthwhile application to see any film Luis Buñuel .... very sharp satire) <br /> <br /> [potential spoiler ready] <br /> <br /> In fact, work is a blow to the cemetery, the character Jeroen Krabbé works so hard to achieve .... you even care? this is funny? as Mr. Voerhoven should be a good filmmaker, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt and assume that it was some kind of a misanthrope joke that got out of control ..... although I believe that he has not thrown Jeroen Krabbé because it worse actor and every character he played was pretentious bourgeois ass .... except he is incompetent in this. Thus, it becomes like a strange caricature. What do you think, Mr. Voerhoven did it on purpose? and Jeroen Krabbé is butt jokes, huh? I just do not see ...... So you see the dilemma I face here right? This is the worst movie ever, because it should be a good director. So there is some sort of wiring involved. I knew that «Patch Adams» was terrible, not even seeing it. Do not be deceived "4-Man" with a deceptively seductive packaging or MR. Voerhoven reputation as a good director, etc., etc.
