Screenwriter bad trying to recreate "The Exorcist." But to put in some blah blah love story that makes you sick instead of you engaged. There's no substance at all throughout the film. It had the potential to be something special but blows it, showing a bunch of people Yack that nobody cares about. Very sad, I wanted to leave the theater when I saw it, but the silent movie tickets were expensive, so I had to endure the dreary torture, who felt that it did not last forever. Nothing on the connected back to the appropriateness of what the characters were saying. <br /> <br /> They are using computer graphics is that instead of wowing me (as planned, I hate CGI) just ruined the movie even more. some people say that this movie is really terrible in theaters because as "thought provoking" and "slow-no-action because it is an intelligent film," it was. what clever or food for thought when the story is basically about handsome H eath Ledger as a priest, having loved and listened to their religion? It seems uninspired concept. Oh, and there's some sort of fetish of the "man-eating sin" (the film was originally to be called "sin-eater"). Lame concept, but the film took a "sin eater" thing too seriously, which makes the film became pathetic and delusional about how dark and clever it was. Yes, I know, that was actually a sin eater in medieval times, but this film just makes it sound cheesy. <br /> <br /> Currently, the film has not been carried out correctly and I forgot why I did not even bother to watch this film. If you would like horror movies that actually have depth, watch Rosemary's Baby, the tenant, Naked blood society Cannibal Holocaust, Pin, Exorcist, Omen, or any of the «Dead Trilogy» Romero films. Stupidity is not a dialogue should be equated with intelligence people, ruling the fans think that while (the same people who think, funny movie, Hulk is a cinematic masterpiece). If you want the mind-numbingly dull horror, watch award. This film makes the church seem like a roller coaster.
