In the past, the Catholic Church, the sin-eater was a person who, through ritual, will take on the sins of the dying person themselves. Often these people have been removed or such people that the church had not been canceled, thus depriving them of their entrance into heaven. Sin eaters were seen as blasphemous, bypassing the monopoly of the Chruch of redemption. Sex is a little bit with some apparently supernatural charisma, even if the notion of wandering, where he can, and you have the "Order", a film that combines the "Stigmata" 's religious anti-authoritarianism "X-Files" »paranormal investigation and" Singin' Damned "" sexy spiritual in odd melange that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a rogue priest, one of last members of the Order of the Carolingian, the floor -heretical search order of knowledge, demons fighting priests. If the teacher Alex found dead under mysterious circumstances, the bishop Dryskola (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Tag along are small Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman), which has been subject to one of the orders of Alex years before. Three go to Rome to explore and drawn into the dark underworld of amazing Catholic heresies, ominous prophecies, demonic intrusion and the person claiming to be the last surviving Sin-Eater (Fyurmann). <br /> <br /> writer-director Brian Helgeland (who has worked with the same principles on Scattershot and half-hearted "A Knight's Tale"), the film is an odd one, and it is difficult to classify. He wants to be just a few things - a supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, drama pilot TV - and only occasionally is successful in any of them. It did not help the slow pace and the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepwalking through their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance. Ledger, in particular, it is particularly stunning scene of despair in the otherwise monochromatic performance. Sossman, however, reflected the same shutdown performance that she gave all of his films (especially in the "Rules of attraction»). <br /> <br /> The plot itself meander back and forth between several different plot arcs, which leads you to wonder . an issue that is a major arc of each containing its share of red herrings Large gaps narratives are lost between scenes at times, which can be confusing for many, but it is also one of the saving graces of the film structure of the film -. in coupled with the fact that there Nikol is not really clear antagonist until the very end of the film - makes the viewer to analyze and reason at a time when most of the films quite clear about everything (except for a historical background on the Carolingian and practices sin is, both of which are described in a dry presentation ). even at the very beginning of the film, the character of relationships and stories are displayed instead of explaining. in conjunction with the shooting on the natural and reasonable use of special effects, and you have a very old world of the supernatural thriller, even with the opening credits that were naked courage that since the late 70's / early 80's. <br /> <br /> brief mention here, as well as for small and organic musical score by David Thorne, the combination of minimalism and orchestration Lisa Gerrard in the style of the exotic vocals. Very good point, which is evocative without being pretentious, and there is very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> intricate plot, lack of goals, and sometimes sleepy performances will often damn movie, but for some reason, the "Order" remains watchable. Many people will be very expelled film for his odd feelings, and some of them may even be angry that they have to take part of their higher brain functions in order to understand it. Nevertheless, the very intangibility of the film to prevent it from being either critical or commercial success to DVD, which I'm sure will be stored with a large number of deleted scenes. Recommended film only for those who like to think, while they are watching. 6 10.
