One of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining operations on pollution downstream of streams, rivers and lakes with excess deposits and toxins. One of the most significant examples in the nineteenth century, the US excess sedimentation of the river caused by the hydraulic mining of gold serious hills on each side of the Sacramento Valley in the period from the 1850s to the beginning of the 1880s. This process includes directing high pressure water jet on the slope, whereby the material to wash down the slope, wherein the gold may be separated from the gravel and rainfall. The precipitate is then collected in a ditch or stream, and most have found their way to the Sacramento River and its tributaries. The precipitate that remained in the river increases the likelihood of flooding in the lower reaches of the agricultural fields and towns, and created a permanent swamps in some areas. Some of sludge spread on agricultural fields, where it can cover permanent crops or cover more desirable soil or make plowing difficult. Thus, the conflicting interests of companies using hydraulic mining and those farmers affected by these operations is the subject of this almost forgotten 1938 color film Warner. <br /> <br /> First, we might ask why Warner decided to shoot the film in the Technicolor rather poor, very rare treatment in 1938, the story of the farmers and miners sun wheat would seem to justify the cost and difficulty, related to color imaging at this time. The answer seems to be an inordinate time of the film held in a closed room, with fancy colorful clothes and ornaments. Then we could ask why a colorless George Brent was chosen as the leading man and ultimately the hero, to be paired with Olivier de Havilland. Among other things, this film really needed a charismatic leading man wearing it. Even the usually colorful Gabby Hayes, in his small role, seemed unusually subdued. Unfortunately, I fell asleep in front of apparently more dramatic the last part of the film. I saw part of spent too much time establishing a complex set of relations between too many people due to the plight graphically displaying selected Baron wheat and possibly the closest city folk and their attempts to cope with them flooding and sedimentation problems. It is necessary to look more like a «The Good Earth", was released only last year. Just maybe, it would then be appropriate for a charismatic leading man, such as Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the question of a stupid name. Of course, Warner could come up with a catchy or more suitable name. "Gold or Grain» short and to the point. By the way, I understand that there is still a lot of gold in "them Thar Hills", waiting to be retrieved other than the hydraulic mining equipment.
