If the robot horde begins to attack the major cities who will stop the madman behind the attack? Sky Captain !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, Skyways ace, fighting insurmountable differences with his former girlfriend disgusting reporter Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and the former partner of the flight Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow may look and feel like an exciting film, but it's actually quite boring and destroys. while the film is 106 minutes until it feels a lot more, because there is no substance in this film. Visuals were great, and the film did a good job on this issue. However, there is nothing to support these stunning visuals. The film has no plot and interesting characters that make the while thing is pretty dull and unnecessary. I blame the director and writer Cary Conran. He is too much emphasis on the visual and spent little time on the true story. The film, like the girl, without a face, after a while it gets kind of stale and tedious. Sky Captain is a beautiful girl with no face. This is just another case of style over substance. <br /> <br /> The current average and surprisingly it is not really their fault, because they had very little to work with. The main reason I watched this movie because of Angelina Jolie. Nevertheless, enough advertising to mislead, and it is only in the movie for about 30 minutes. Her performance is surprisingly soft as well. Jude Law gives the okay performance, although one would expect a lot more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special at all. Bai Ling performance was the only one I really liked. It gives a very good performance as the mysterious woman, and she was the only interesting character in the whole film. <br /> <br /> The film is not a complete bust, though. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. There just was not enough. The film simply does not have the hook to really make it memorable. It was actually quite soft, and it was not very attractive at all. It's too bad the film was not very good, because it was such a promising premise. In the end, Sky Captain surprisingly below average and not really worth seeing. rating 4/10
