Visually stunning? Most definitely. I've seen a few movies look as good in a while. Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow using the amazing cinematography, computer graphics, creative and futuristic designs to create a world that historically familiar yet something completely fresh. The period of time, it seems, in the 1930s or early '40s. The film tells about the recent attacks on New York for the mechanized troops steal generators, etc. for some inexplicable reason. In addition, the mysterious disappearance of the relevant scientific minds are the same. Who can stop them and save the world? Well, it does not take a leap of faith to know that it's Sky Captain himself with his joker reporter girlfriend always hot for the lead, and in the wings of his faithful, thoroughly competent sidekick. The fact that Sky Captain is in the atmosphere and graphics it lacks in story-teller and characteristics. The plot of this movie is ridiculous. That being said, the film will be of a sequence of feelings the movie serials of yesteryear. They were far enough stories and bad acting - but none of them, and I do not mean any of them, and had a budget of big names, this movie had. Two academy award winning performers and Jude Law may keep the film afloat, one would think, but Sky Captain lamentable tone. Despite the fantastic view of the dark, I found the film wanting to just be over and I could get in my life. I had little interest in the history, which has created a little interest. I do not care at all for any of the spirited paintings. Paltrow was just terrible. Jolie was a joke with the role with little or no substance. The law can not be one-liner tradition too straight for him restricted shoulders. I mean, let's face it, it will not be Smith, Mel Gibson, or even Wesley Snipes. The sad thing about Sky Captain, at least for me, was the fact that he spent so much promise yet delivered so little. I was bored ten minutes into the movie - waiting for something to hook my interest - and it never came.
