Exploding zeppelins come down on the basis of "Sky Captain" Jude Law to submit an adequate metaphor to describe how truly awful this film. Firstly, let me immediately, I sincerely doubt that Paramount would ever recover any money from this film. Cult it could be, but only because it's so great, why did not achieve. I can see the studio step right now. "Let us unite 1920s German Expressionism and the ubiquitous adventures of the 1940s with modern movement and action to use computer animation to dominate in every scene! Wow, would not that be a success! »Skycaptain bludgeoning the viewer with its apparent excess. There are too many fake explosion, too many unconvincing Dogfight scenes, and too few real moments where the characters are not painful two-dimensional. After all, why the shock and awe with one floating airships, when you can have three, or five, or a hundred? Besides, what could be a groundbreaking film, easily combining computer generated imagery and human actors in stylized and intriguing atmosphere, instead became a failure, not least because it does not meet the most important requirement of any Flick using CGI. Simply put, graphics surprisingly poor. From the movement of cars in the physics of aircraft in fights, everything seems to be just a little off. I'm not being nit-picky here anyway. The child may notice that the car does not slide on the road as the train maglev (if its Mercedes S500). And for those of you, raising their voices in protest, shouting "This is a stylized film, it does not have to be like reality," let me say. Lord of the Rings set the standard for the integration of real actors with CGI, Starship Troopers has set the standard for ironic science fiction films, the Rocketeer did a solid job reintroduction of the decade of the 1920s back to list Hollywood movie, and Tim Batman Burton has created a unique picture of the New York / Gotham , which has yet to be repeated. Sky Captain falls so short, all these films, it is difficult for me to mention them in the same sentence. In addition, the current so poor that makes me positively ill. So there you have it. I spent $ 9 to see this film, and you will get my review. I hope that this may discourage you from doing all the same mistake that I did.
