"Sky Captain" can be regarded as a tribute to the comic adventures of cellulose and TV shows in the movie, but it does contain a little magic, some of the best of these genres. One of the participants said that the fun of the film depends on no one recognizes the movies influence. I do not think that's exactly right. One in anticipation of movies, science fiction and TV series, "Captain" pays tribute to the memory was completely different. Especially so for those who lived through those activities, when they were children. The film is almost entirely devoid of charm and magnetic pull of those. Of course, we know that the results get in and out of trouble, but there should be some tension and drama. By the climax of the "Captain" Law & Pelty have ten minutes to prevent a catastrophe, and by the time they get to five minutes, they do not go running to his goal. They take time out for a long look and unnecessary conversations and contemplation of a fallen enemy with 30 seconds before the tragedy. Of course, you can expect certain agreements, which will be included, but a good director would have retained some sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> No one expected such films as always "make sense." Absolutely expect them fun and exciting to have some sense of internal logic. "Captain" has almost nothing. Remember, if the Law and Paltrow is currently pursuing the winged creatures, and they reach the huge gap that they cross over a log bridge? Well, of course they are perfectly safe from these creatures, when they reach the other side? They can fly !!! Gulf itself does not mean anything to them. The bridge is necessary for their well where it escapes? If the land across the chasm in the "prohibited" on the flying creatures film made no effort to let us know how and why, or even if. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and Law (both of which have given excellent performances in the past) played a "type", but both were pretty flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who has shown himself capable of great nuance here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give some "oomph" in their roles, though Jalili thought that he could handle a little bit more, if only he had been given the chance. He has done a very good job in any case, considering how he was mostly wasted. <br /> <br /> The film was a great "look", but there are so many ways in which CGI distracting. CGI works best when it is used for a fantastic, if it is used to create creatures that do not exist in nature, or for scientific or magical spectacle. If it is used to replace the natural places of disappointing. There's no real sense of wonder. Mountain CGI does not have either a grand or feelings of fear and anticipation that this mountain does. I know that the design of this film was a very deliberate and does not have to look real, but it does not feel that way? It was not simple. <br /> <br /> As for the weak and cliched script ... celebration is not an excuse. Even if the film had some thrills and dramatic tension, it can still be enjoyable. "The Last Samurai" was predictable, as the days of the week, and I am not a supporter of Tom Cruise, but it was all that "Captain" is not in the first place, he drew the viewer into their world and forced us to adopt its rules and the way to be in such a way that "Sky captain" was not exactly. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach, for films about the heroes of the comics '30s and' 40s. The original (Jay Garik) or Flash Green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes to mind as ripe for such treatment. Maybe better, more well-known and fully realized characters that those character will do much better than the movie. It would be hard to be worse.
