As a result, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, the British film industry has quickly become swamped with bad gangster films in the late '90s and early' 00s, which seem to be even more desperate than they did then. In one of the cases of all-time great pearl-to-pig producers Rancid Aluminum blatantly plastered quotes "Best film of the century" by a review of all ads dropping the rest of the proposal, pointing out that it was only because at the time writing, it was the only film that was released in 2000. Looking at it today, it is difficult to imagine how it ever was made by combining hue, which was briefly considered the cream of cool Britannia boys in Magna team ?? Rhys Ifans, Ghana Frost, Nick Moran and Joseph Fiennes ?? but now the only guarantee of turkey every time in a confused confused James Hawes adaptation of the novel. The fact that the story can never be explained up to the possibility that no one knows what it is, or maybe just do not think it matters. Something to do with IFANS 'businessman created murderous rulers of Russia crime Steven Berkoff as money laundering or the investment scheme (it's never clear what, because no one ever asks) by Fiennes Kryvau Irish accountant who expects the Russian killed by IFANS so that he can take on his faulty group. Things are getting more complicated and underexplained there, Ifans alternates between screaming about how terrible his life while juggling visits to the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and ridiculously pressing Russian temptress Tara Fitzgerald, Berkoff continues to say «Bizniss» and «Francis drake »and Fiennes makes a decent Irish accent to prove that just because he played great writer in Shakespeare in Love does not mean that he is any judge good writing if it comes to film scripts. <br /> <br /> When the most convincing performances come from Keith Allen and Dani Behr, you know that the film is in deep trouble. From Poland to stand for Russia, full of people with a Polish accent and a striking number, which turns from John Barry stylization in the living music of Ennio Morricone spaghetti western on stylophone budget, it is not completely in cool chopped it tends to and terminates in interesting but overplotted almost less suspense story all its own, sitting there like a joke shop dog poop.
