This is a very weak excuse for Australian films such as an experiment dogs Pavlov among horror films. Do you remember the famous "conditioned reflex" experiment of your school books, is not it? Russian scientist Pavlov proved that dogs tend to salivate before food actually came in my mouth, and it is through repeated actions, which stimulate the animal reflexes. Pavlov rang the bell a few moments before the food was delivered to the dog and, after some time, he was worried and nervous and started salivating already hear the sound of bells. What the hell does all this sad explanation common to the raunchy and low-budget slasher flick Aussie, I hear you think? Well, the course of action maniacal killer in «Nightmares» is the exact option on the Pavlov experiment. Each and every sequence is preceded by the murder of the direct sound and killer picture breaking a window, because he / she insists on using a sharp piece of glass to cut the victims. Thus, this means that after some time, inattentive and boring the audience can afford to take a nap and just see again when they hear the sound of breaking glass. Thus, they are still nothing special do not miss! <br /> <br /> As for the quality "nightmares" as a film that I can be very short. This is a cheap, uninspired and largely imbecilic Aussie available in contemporary popular trends on the American slasher films. In the early 60s, and four-year witnesses the brutal death of her mother, as her throat gets slit open in a nasty car accident. Twenty years later, the same girl ?? Helen Selleck ?? a successful theater actress, but she still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers from the terrible memories and traumatic nightmares. She is listening to the role in the black comedy games renewable death and receives a portion. Shortly after the big premiere, anyone who even remotely connected with the production gets slaughtered. It really is retarded as the film tries to maintain secrecy about the identity and motives of the murderer, but even the most infantile audience can understand it after the first killing already. I do not think I've ever seen a more obvious than whodunit "nightmares" and the authors had just shown his / her face once and save yourself from embarrassment. Murder are obvious and very bloody, and there are also a large number of unhealthy gratuitous nudity "enjoy". However, the production values ​​are poor, and thus, the film never at one point, shocking or provocative. Some clips we see in a real game to pretend that it is quite possible, it may be the worst thing that ever appeared on the scene. The only positive elements in the film directed by characters and gay newspaper critic, which is i admire sarcastic and insulting the other actors as much as we do. «Nightmares» is a terrible piece of exploitative horror movie, but hey, at least I gave you a golden tip to make it more digestible.
