This film was a true celebration of torture to sit through. His first mistake treat nuclear power as a matter of course, "bad", it just needs to convince this audience. If he leans to put in the argument, that is, participants with bated breath to deliver just-reasoned facts; all that's missing is someone crying "if someone will think of the children!". While watching this movie, I kept thinking, "Where'd you hear that?" Or "What can not be true" - a little more information about backing up by any reliable sources. And bless them as "regular people" in the film came across a Luddite than people with any understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear energy; to be fair, this may be the fault of the filmmakers, but equally true, is a condition shared by the rock star of the film. <br /> <br /> As for artists ......... .. Now, some of these people are very respected musicians whose music I liked, and I'm sure that some of them really believe in this thing. But they all come across as wheezing old hippies are desperately looking for something to start up again, now that 60 years have passed. Are particularly uncomfortable Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard - it looks as if he could not believe what he says (not that I blame him), but desperate to feel noticed and included. James Taylor performs what should be wimpiest protest "hymn" never "Stand up and fight" in the happiest nauseating, as you can imagine. In fact, most of the performances pretty sweet, if they are not being condescending. Nobody seems handle it as if it really does not mean anything to them at all. it should be noted that the driving force behind all of this event, it seems, John Hall, from the group Orleans, and is responsible for some of the wimpiest MOR pop 70s. (Remember, if you dare, «Dance With Me" and "one more.") It should be noted, there it symbolizes as the reason is not able to inspire any real passion for music. The cause of life and death, but sleepwalks through their numbers as they play the Catskills. Except, perhaps, Gil Scott-Heron - its number of protest "We almost lost Detroit" on the subject, at least, but comes with all the smugness of high schooler impressed with how "controversial", he is <br /> < . br /> only the appearance of Bruce Springsteen increases heartbeat; I've never been a big fan of the Boss, but he does not smoke, does not matter Part of me thinks that it was recorded separately, in another case, and edited in the film to give. to wake up the audience. compared with the general apathy and complacency air here, it is not strange that Bruce was billed as the savior of rock 'n'. <br /> <br /> But even his labored performance inanimate concert footage. I do not expect a lot of flashy camera movements from the 70th movie, but too static shots, broke only split vtoryhami to tonsil cards duplicated singer Now, some of this may be because the performers lifeless to begin with; and * maybe * filmmakers more adept at shooting documentaries than frames concert - but all you have to do. is to look «Rust Never Sleeps» or «The Last Waltz», to see the movie as it was done with great skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So, in fact, there are only two things to watch this movie for: stellar performance Springsteen, and how sad the filming of the counter-culture in decline.
