Cheap, mediocre sequel to the successful "The Mummy's Hand" presumed dead evil Professor Andoheb (George Zucco) preparing its predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) for the search of a place abroad to America, using the mummy Harris (Lon Chaney, Jr., who has no reason is in disguise..any stunt can do the same reliable performance logging around and choking victims) in the target killing of the surviving members of the family which Stefan Bunning patriarch (Dick Foran) and assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) extracted the mummified corpse of her princess Ananka graves in Egypt..Andoheb finds it strange I act of desecration and wants a family, to suffer for doing such a terrible thing to do in relation to the ancient Egyptian custom. Harris Bay and the mummy to find a good hiding place in the cemetery, where the High Priest of Karnak can work as a watchman in disguise. Every Full Moon, Harris Bey will feed liquid form, derived from several Tana leaves that will keep him not only alive, but subordinate to the desires of his master. Bey Harris team to score Stefan and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), and the wait time for Babe back so that he would become a victim of # 3. Dr. John Benning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox), but not He knows that Bey secretly sought his fiance plans to kidnap her with the help of Harris. John's life is in danger because as the last remaining member of his father..he ban on the line. If Bey is Isobel, there are no more chances Bannings birth. The police must find Harris and the one responsible for his carnage..Bey. <br /> <br /> This movie is a continuation of the set HAND years later, as a member of the film, Foran, Ford and Sukkah often appear in the "aging" software make wrinkles, showing periods of time as preparing for Andoheb death Bannings. cornball John novel and Isobel, it seems, only in this area, so that bi is spinning under the threat of the perfect plan that endured well before he loused it. and bi only to see her sport with John on the grass. .the whole "love-at-first-sight" trash does not wash for me. Plus, you have a mummy being able to kill Judas arm..is any one mummy really that powerful? This film also uses tons of frames from the previous film, to keep the budget in this sequel to it. There's really not a lot of history here and so typical of the Universal Pictures monsters even in America, a crowd of people will light..ho hum..torches going after Harris. you know how it is end..John and super-powerful Harris will square off in some huge mansion with fire burning all around them tricky to be engulfed in flames.
