Set in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborg led by warlord work reinforced on the human population. They basically keep them as a pet, as they need fresh human blood to live outside. Neo and her brother managed to survive one of his attacks, when she was a child, and years in the past, when she came face to face with the back of cyborgs, but this time she saved Gabriel Cyborg, which was created to destroy all the cyborgs. Jobs and his men are on their way to capture mostly populated city, while Neo (with a vengeance species) begs Gabrielle to train her in the way of killing the cyborgs, and she will get it Gabriel. <br /> <br /> Cheap low-rent cyborg / post-apocalyptic raid writer / director Pyun (who made a "cyborg" to him and blistering «Nemsis» in the same year) reasonably mistaken hunk of junk with some interesting novelties. Very little structure makes its way into the shabby history as pompous script is weak, banal and inflated. Lead banter tries to joke, but it's pretty much stinks and gets to be funny in unintended moments. Most activities take place rather meaningless and routine. The material could be used to polish the other, as it was inspired by the idea swallowed lazy turn, the lack of descriptive and almost playful tone. Outdoor, the culmination of a conclusion is too steep, especially since continued to be done. It makes it feel like it's run out of money, and said, "Time to pack. Let's finish it on another day (or maybe in the next decade). There's no hurry. "However, he found it quite a distraction, largely due to its rapid pace, some good execution of combat and sliding cinema George Muradian that beautifully captured visually arresting background. Views are fair. dry and steel Kris Kristofferson person works fine as Gabriel and sociable, psychic abilities Kathy Long pulls stunts expertly and with aggression. However, its action is too wooden. Robbery Lance Henriksen gives a delicious ham pure performance as the leader of a criminal cyborg Job, constantly having a melting saliva. Scott Paulin also drums up a lot gleefulness as one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels angry about the quality too. Pune tying several exciting martial arts set pieces, including some veneer of cheerfulness and gratuitous slow. Seeping into the background is the burning, but the mechanical sound of the music score. Special effects and make-up FX are good enough. Watchable, but not quite successfully, and this minimum limit may be causing this.
