I tuned in to this thing one night on the cable channel in a few minutes after the credits ran, so I do not know who did it first. The more I saw, the more I began to think, "Jesus, it looks like a movie Pune." He was not quite sure, though, for two main reasons: the picture was pretty good (and Ute desert scenery was beautiful), and Scott Pauline gave a fun performance as Simon, bloody cyborg, but with some style and sense of humor. Peacock should have a peer-libbed many clever jokes he fired because Pune has nothing even remotely funny or not coherent written in his career. Unfortunately, Pauline is not all that much screen time, before he left, but the movie is bad for him. Lance Henriksen playing the evil cyborg head, grunts his way through a part of it, as he had done in countless other movies like this. I do not know what the hell, Kris Kristofferson does in these things; Maybe he wanted to see what looked like a desert of Utah and get paid for it. It passes through the film looks (and that sounds), he just woke up, and actually spends most of the last half of the film on his back in the tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a great body, attractive, has a great body, fights very well, has a great body, and has no iota of acting talent, but it does not matter in a film like this. This next film Pune, it is full of trademark, which we all know and love: senseless and stupid dialogue, choppy editing, and got the impression that they have lost the spool in the middle of the picture and realized, "Oh, nobody 'notice« <br /> <br /> So as bad as this film is, however, a shadow above most other efforts in Pune - is "Citizen Kane" compared to his brain numb "adrenaline: Feel the Rush", for example. The fighting is very well done, when repeated (after it is hit by eight or nine guys, one after another, you'll find yourself saying, "Well, go on to something else"), and Long is very athletic (and, as a previous poster noted It has a big ass). This is not a good movie any stretch, but it's not anywhere near as incoherent and incompetent as usual extravaganza in Pune. You could do worse than to rent this film - not much worse for granted, but worse, however.
