Things often become dull early in this in this corny jazz bio fiction writer and director Spike Lee. <br /> <br /> Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is Happenin 'jazz trumpeter that fronts a quintet of packing them in below lost. Its problems include an incompetent manager, saxophonist stage warping and two friends that he plays music with a mattress. This love of his life, although his pipe and his music. The band's manager, Giant, has dangerous gambling problem and has no effect negotiator with greedy club owners and the best thing would be thrown overboard, but Blick remains true for as long as possible. He will prove his death, as an artist, but to contribute to its growth as a man ironically. <br /> <br /> As Blick, Denzell Washington is not as ambitious trumpet player with a baby in each arm. He's too sweet guy to be so himself at the center of his art, distributing patience and love to those close to him with a low-key deletion. He just did not have enough fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays saxophone Henderson would be much more suitable for this role, but even he would have his mouth slack Throw from torpid scribble dialogue Lee. As Giant, Lee hits the trifecta with abysmal performance to match his writing and direction. Loosely I am trying to portray dirty, but pretty Ratso Rizzo to Bleek Joe Buck, it takes limp and even "I'm walking here" moment of Midnight Cowboy. In this case you want a taxi will operate it and be done with it. <br /> <br /> Whether the script all the cool argument, rigid ribbed and veiled insults with some editorializing necessary clumsy, that Lee should inject stay down scenes between band members backstage and rehearsal in the absence of sparks and only surpassed in the gloom of Blick, Giant conversations that have the Lib form of advertising, and go around the circle. Completion bullying pretentious visual style Lee. Tracking shots, zoom and pan, and wasted no values ​​for the scene. They just wander. <br /> <br /> Love Letter Blues Lee to jazz (made implicit mountains memorabilia plastered all over the sets), and all this sentimental clap trap that lacks enthusiasm and inspiration. Jazz on the film is better served by Tavernier «Round Midnight» and Eastwood's "Bird", which are below the surface, show more sides of the form, the pain of it in addition to offering infinitely superior lead performances Whitaker and a real bargain Dexter Gordon. This Spike Lee Joint does not even offer a soft hum. This is some really bad home-grown.
