There are two groups of people ... those who love every movie Fellini and they see normal people. Although I admit that I really enjoyed some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can not stand some of them. My opinion is, by the way, is not just a knee-jerk reaction - I've seen most of the films of Fellini and also saw many of the best directors of films. With this in mind, I feel that the most excessive and annoying directors may be both Godard and Fellini. They both enjoyed the bizarre and often unwatchable and has received a lot of accolades from reviewers and the "intelligentsia", while the average person will never sit through some of his films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema, as a rule, to leave out in the cold, seeing some of these films. Thus, since only a small clique actually watching their films, and they are ready to see the director of genius, it is not surprising that their films so often praised - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think about the many films of Godard, such as CARMEN name or ALPHAVILLE, ... or that of SATYRICON Fellini's Juliet or spirits? These films have a lot of boredom, strange and incomprehensible. Now I'm not saying that the film may not be surprising (because I love and happiness KATAKURIS Lethal football), but it should be watchable! <br /> <br /> At present this film. Anyway, Fellini was able to do a story about a sexually compulsive person very sad and unsexy. This is not an easy task - it takes a lot of work to make it so unwatchable. Instead of cheap sexual feelings, sexual acts choreographer stupid and annoying way while Casanova character buried under that makeup and prosthetics, Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know that some of it must have been the intention of Fellini, but many viewers will completely bored this sterile performance - especially as the line Sutherland bad dubbed into Italian, so it may look or sound like himself! Unfortunately, if the film is not wrapped up in these sad sexual adventures, there is not really anything else to watch. <br /> <br /> It is interesting to note about the first sexual conquest specified in this movie stupid that the actress looks strangely like a younger version of his wife Fellini, Giulietta Masina. Taking into account that in addition to this the fact that in the previous decade was Fellini Masina play characters such as a prostitute and terribly abused woman, it seems that he may have really hated your wife was this played out on the screen. I've read a bit about them and their stormy relationship, and this seems to confirm this as well. We are talking about a single aspect of this arrogant film, which I found interesting at all. Do not say I did not warn you!
