Statement of aggravated sexual assault, along with some other unpleasant sins, including improper use of a broom, made a half dozen most popular high-school jockeys in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, to the "little late" students (Heather Matarazzo). Investigation and construction business will be transferred to the district attorney's office, where Eli Sheedy and Eric Stoltz fit into the board. <br /> <br /> case rumors of propagation through Glen Ridge, with the upper middle class suburbs where each jocks liked in society. (One of their fathers, a police lieutenant.) Nobody believes Matarazzo. "Our children would never take a whore like that down to the cellar to rape her, and give it to this sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to form a sufficiently convincing case that they can bring Jocks in court . Matarazzo is not ideal plaintiff. She desperately for love and friendship, and that makes it easy for artificial friends misled her into giving false testimony. Slimy reporter says: "You can trust me," but it turns out that the reporter can not be trusted at all. Another student, a very popular girl in school, pulls Linda Tripp to Matarazzo, pretending to be a friend of her breasts, but she is constantly asking leading questions about the incident - and taping results! As a result, watching this story unfold as being on a roller coaster. At first it looks like a good case for Sheedy and Stolz. But, oops, community organizing against the law. Then it looks good again. But the reporter stirs. Nha Then this obstacle is overcome earlier than Linda Tripp puts his big nose into an investigation, and make the tape public, which seems to indicate Matarazzo lie. (Well, actually, she was lying - but she was lying on her questionnaire, to please her.) Then get over it, but Matarazzo objects taking a stand, because she does not want to be described as "backward". Eric Stoltz is fine in the part of the prosecutor. I say that for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pago Pago at about the same time. (I hope he was not a child, I had that argument with the bar Primorsky club. If he was, I take your compliment.) Eli Sheedy amazing actress and difficult to characterize. She did an amazing job in sustained «Fine Art», but I did not feel a special effort to turn this role, which was pretty formulaic in any way. I do not mean that neither she nor Stolz, nor anyone else could have given a bravura performance that is essentially a comic story. <br /> <br /> The producers and director had the good sense to pick Heather Matarazzo to the role of victim. The worst thing they could do is to throw a great ether, neotenic blond. Instead, Matarazzo, without being very ugly, looks pretty simple, and it's normal quality is complemented by its nurture and makeup. Also, there are writers wrapped thoughtful and gentle. It has character and is sometimes annoying to listen to, that's for the best. <br /> <br /> character Matarazzo is best depicted in the film. The jocks stereotypes. Pure evil. They consider themselves above the law, the barge at a party to any pretty girl in East Orange, smashing place during a party far worse than the highest orgy «La Dolce Vita in" and leave without explanation or apology. They deserve to receive his neck - and they are <br /> <br /> I call this a comic story, and that is pretty much it .. it does not dispute any of our prejudices confirms the belief that the world can be divided into good. and evil, and we do not doubt for a moment about who is who I'm waiting -.. not really, this pr hundred rhetorical - this film is almost the same as these and a dozen others, but in which the victim was lying to get your name and photo in the papers and granaries all those mourning chips sensible people, like everyone else <br /> <br />. the film is based on a true story, like many others, we have all seen, and even more fictional features. (eg., "accused."), some of them good, some of them are strictly routine. Okay. fair enough. Now, when we get to see a movie about the case Tawa Brawley, where teenage years girl disappeared on a whim for a few days, and then had her friends to strip her, tie her and spread it with dirt so that she can claim she was kidnapped and raped by the police? Now this would be a problem in some sense is simply no one.
