I'm not usually a supporter of Spike Lee. It will take some time to get exactly in his "charisma", but as soon as you see a clear message and the ability to tell a story that is close to my heart, Lee is a genius. In contrast to the 25 th hour or Bamboozled (two of my favorite films of it), it was not clear, the story in this film. I was able to understand the struggle between Washington and the choice to play well or be influenced by others, but for some reason, Lee was never able to get a true feeling is. Washington did a decent job that was handed to him, but you could say that this is not the favorite film Lee. Not only that Lee will direct the film, but he also wrote. You could tell. The camera work was reversed and the writing only contributed to the disintegration of the film. This film was a complete circle, and he should not have been pretty. It was almost 100% for this film, as it was to do the right thing. Of all the films I've seen the line, it was the most striking and more modest of his films. It was almost as if he created a Hollywood movie, but not one that was all his own. I do not know if he saw the money by doing the right thing and ran with it, or what ?? but this film did not show his real talent. <br /> <br /> For those who were there, I saw this film, and perhaps no longer see anything directed by Spike Lee later because of this movie, I suggest you give it a second chance. Do not get me wrong, I can see exactly where you are going with this film, and why you would like to put this for you, but Lee does grow. His work is more his own, and you can see the transition from the desire to make money just want to make good movies. It took me a while to see the 25 th hour, but when I did, it was just a sparkle. Perhaps it was the actors may have stories, but I create a strange film of the trip per person in obscurity. I think that's what I was hoping, Mo »Better Blues would be. It's really a dark journey into the life of man who never really grew up, but instead all I got to be Denzel Denzel. He really is one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I think it is Sidney Poitier movie, but it was not a movie to showcase their talent. <br /> <br /> Another issue I had with this film is the use of sister Spike plays one of the love interests. I do not know about you, and your family, but I do not think I could have filmed sex scenes with my sister. I do not care who the actor or how much money I earn money, I would never have done it. It's just that I never wanted to see, but it seems that different for Spike. He went ahead and showed the full nude image of his sister without remorse. It was boring, and it even made me blush. Besides, I need someone to answer me this. What Flavor Flav makes the introduction of this film? So I sat on the couch, ready to start the movie, when suddenly a voice from the past outlining the studio that made the film, he pleads. This is not to build a strong remaining stories. Again, I felt that Lee was going for the money for this movie, and not the actual talent. Maybe he could afford both Denzel and Wesley in the same film without any explosions. <br /> <br /> There were two great scenes in this movie, which made it worth watching to the end. Do not get me wrong, it was a very bad movie, but there is always a diamond in each lane. The scene when flare accidentally forgets what kind of woman it with mesmerizing. All the time he went back and forth, weaving truth to confusion in a way that proved that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a far-sighted scene that was probably lost in the shuffle of the remaining bad scene. Another scene that was worth watching, so that Lee introduced and finished the film. Keeping the same direction and walk, he was able to bring this tragic character around full circle and give him a chance to change their lives. Apart from these two points, the rest of the movie was pure garbage, not worth a look if you're not going to go blind <br /> <br /> Grade :. ** to *****
