It is not obvious from watching this film (which is why I recommend the viewer to explore the people who represent their business in this), but it is an idea of ​​the reality of Islam and its encouragement of violence and intolerance against all non-Muslims are no objective and did not factor in the human condition. It's one thing to document that the Koran says a lot about how you want to devout Muslim to interact with non-Muslims, but any realist is able to understand that not every person who feels himself or herself to be a follower of Islam, will agree and comply with all the tenets of the faith and of the system. There is a reason to call a lot of broadcasters in question in such a way that the audience should see the presentation with healthy skepticism; do not swallow it all, hook, line and sinker, without any thinking on their own <br /> <br /> One of the concrete, for example, explores the human Shoebat. who claims that a former Muslim who committed a terrorist act in Bethlehem. There are many wise people in the world who believe none of these allegations. I did not say I've never been a Muslim. I never read the Koran. I am not a Christian, nor members _Any_ faith. But I'm smart and insightful person. Despite the fact that the film is rather alarming, in his presentation about how some Muslims consider their commitment to Islam; I would like to remind you that there is more than the views of Islam fundamentalists. Just as their fundamentalist and evangelical Christians, so too there are variations in the intensity of faith and commitment among Jews and Muslims. <br /> <br /> When you watch this film, you need to have the salt on hand. One grain is not enough, you need more. Use your mind and think for themselves, to explore what is presented, and to evaluate the state of the world and how Islam fits into it on the basis of more than 98 minutes, it said in the video. There is a common thread among the political affiliations of those who put this film together, which indicates a certain bias. Be your own brain.
