Despite the seriousness of this issue and perhaps good intentions of the filmmakers to make a film addressing the advantages of white, inconsistency of his main character, Bronson Green aspiring New York actor easily turn LA tune, making it difficult to take the story seriously. Green, who is constantly rejected by the Los Angeles casting agent for that outdated (ie in New York, when the 80 years is looking for large, bright, and mute), he finds success comes easily, if he is willing to cede to falsify his image. Unfortunately, the new hair color and subdued the "surfer" attitude landed him the opportunity to acting from Jericho Church, which is signed by the advantages of the white race the doctrine of the Aryan Nation. Green ready easy to forget the past and, in particular, with his back to him the young black friend of ten years to be a new representative of the Church. It does not make sense, seeing as our principal character initially. It is the sudden and loose change in the nature, combined with sharply reversing back into the hardened DeNiro-obsessed (as his taxi driver character) form, which is able to fight the villains. . A noble attempt by the filmmakers, but one that ultimately reveals itself as anything but serious <br /> <br /> Other characters are also very annoying and the fact that we are forced to recognize in them comes too easy - psychotic paranoia Church leader, selfish actress girlfriend (first girlfriend Bronson is, if he is in Los Angeles), and a new blonde girlfriend, who is the hero lacks so much of it, for the most part, easy to walk, speak invalid. We just have to see them in the fleeting moments in which something random forces us to draw assumptions about the characters. But there is in fact little development of any of them. <br /> <br /> Another problem of this film ungodly amount of time the characters are involved in very few important event. Most of the beginners problems that introduce the characters, obviously, and later we see Bronson difficulty with penetration LA acting scene and disappointments that stem from permanent failures. But after he is willing to change your appearance and personality, to become acceptable, there is at least a good twenty minutes to thirty minutes a lost film, which is very little of that. <br /> <br /> For films that seek to draw attention to the irrational fears over racism, it was not done one with sufficient confidence.
