This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You should not see this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time you have to stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters center at Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brother and sister; to live together in the eyes of all the others, as husband and wife. No sex, but just about everything else. At the very beginning of the film begins with its theme: "the most absurd thing in the most absurd moment with you guessed it the most absurd reaction". Gray and Sam decided to check out the dog park with borrowed pooch. Rather push her brother to get the skinny on the first woman, they see it, it does it and gets the smallest matters, too. When she signals her brother to come they start date of 3-way. Charlie (Moynahan) is the girl of his dreams, as well as all the right things, etc. ?? Gray himself finals get over your head and a pair of ends the date the proposal of marriage! Charlie takes it! In one week, Charlie Gray and Sam to be in Las Vegas. Charlie next week and gray from shopping for wedding dresses (apparently, Charlie has a figure of out-of-rack). Gray sipping iced latte, when Charlie says Gray is trying on some gowns, as well as $ 10,000 and chooses a dress out of it. While Charlie squeeze her in this dress "down payment-at-home" Gray continues to slurp on lattes (I swear it was like a feed bag). What needs to happen, but it 'Woops! latte all over the dress. He never explained how they came out of the salon with Bloomingdale wedding dress of $ 10,000 mocha color. Back to "reality" ?? Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. They have a "high roller room" (Sam is a resident surgeon and trainee zoologist Charlie ?? were they get all this money?) Gray Sam kicks in a room down the hall, so she and Charlie may have Bachelorette drink-and-tuna were, you guessed it - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie says it is necessary. They do this in a wedding chapel and to the right, when the Rev. get his line, "If there is anyone here who has any objection at all to the union of these two lovebirds" Gray gets hiccups. Gray excuses himself, for some reason, the nun must repeat his last line and the right to turn back "hiccups". Gray returned to New York and starts dating any man she meets, in the literal sense. And, of course, the one you've guessed it again! Gay. Another jerk and the third taxi cab driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. He smittened with gray, but the feelings are not returned. They became great friends. That's good, because when it comes to clean and Sam a kiss. He explodes and pushes her out of her apartment. When Sam wakes up, he goes to his office. Gray works at an advertising agency. This office is located right in the center of the dim area. It has a camera and microphones in all conference rooms, broadcasting to all the computer monitors the agency. Sam Gray gets in one of the conference rooms for those not so private conversation and ends its output for the entire office. It was here that I doubt that there was a gay or lesbian in the crew: Gordy comes to her aid, and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar. "Unfortunately no one" does not tell the bouncer. So Gray and Gordie back with pride in the resistance. Poor resistance. He was wearing a black sleeveless satin blouse, a string of pearls, and the church grandmother hat. Many lesbian never confuse these "man in a dress" like a transvestite much less women. The bar was also a fantasy straight man what a lesbian bar full time Victoria's Secret models. All turns, peach ?? she goes home with her client firms. Gray happens at the expense of women, and, finally, making a kiss. For some reason no one says anything, Charlie, and she does not pay attention throughout the film that kiss with Gray, but it's for the sequel.
