Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) is dedicated to the brothers and sisters who share an apartment, and the love of many things - ballroom dancing, musicals of the 1940s film and, to his surprise, attractive woman named Charlie (Moynahan). Historically, heterosexual, Gray confuse their new feelings. <br /> <br /> Problems Graham is one of the movies I have the softest ever seen. It's sad, predictable, unfunny, poorly acted and poorly written. Nothing about it felt real, and it was very cheesy. In addition, it is not exactly a romantic comedy with a special twist, but more "out" movie. Camping Kramer tried to do the first time with the cute romantic things and the second half of the serious with the actual adoption and is part of. Unfortunately, it failed miserably. The first half was largely unfunny and only Heather Graham was able to keep it a little bit. Then, the film took an awkward tones and got all serious. Serious scene were treated badly and all the emotions just felt fake. <br /> <br /> I think I would have enjoyed the movie a little more, if the relationship between the characters feel more authentic. Relationship brother and sister were very weak, and they really do not give up that close. Their relationship just did not feel very natural. In addition, the relationship between Tom and Bridget was very unnatural. If two people are going to get married after only knowing each other less than a week, then one would expect to see a little more excitement, but the characters were talking about getting married in Las Vegas in the same manner to ask the waiter what extra with being, there was no excitement in the film, and it was difficult to take part in a film with such unmotivated signs. <br /> <br /> The action was generally weak, there was a bit strange, given a decent shot. Heather Graham gave only a good performance in the film. She was funny and had some magical scenes, but it's too bad that all of her fellow stars were complete duds. Moynahan was very weak, and its implementation lies ringed on every level. In addition, it seemed that she reads her lines. Thomas Coffee was pretty wooden, and he showed almost no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather was not there and that has damaged the film, because their relationship is felt fake. I can usually hope for Molly Shannon to be funny in a supporting role, but here it's just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes, and it is annoying for both of them. Finally, Alan Cumming was just uncomfortable character, and his performance was not very good. In general, Gray Matters is a lame movie, and it's not worth watching. rating 3/10
