I had to go to this movie fifteen minutes from the end after passing through a stage ... and shrivel into pure boredom. What really terrifies me, I mean really bothers me is that there are people who belong to this pointless nonsense as "beautiful" or "must see. I feel deeply sorry for those suffering so much, if not the distinct impression that most of the positive reviews on this fine sense of humor and parody were written by the industry. <br /> <br /> The truth is that this lame movie that does not do anything to entertain or enlighten. This is evident unfunny, bad script, and has all the pace and energy of the cold, canned rice pudding. To be kind to Mrs. Kramer, the best that one can say it was a missed opportunity to read the synopsis before I watched it, I was expecting something a little more complicated. Possible misunderstandings brethren and sisters codependency, sudden awakening "Nursing" sexuality and the comic potential of the related competition (to bias the same women) were all obvious topics for a refreshing comedy intelligence, but that at every step of the movie woefully shy away from. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is subjected to a winding series of uninspired and tasteless depicted situations with clichéd characterizations and boring performances of gypsum are fighting for their faith and obviously in need much tighter side. The lack of directorial control seems strange; On the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacecom all give very pedestrian performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - the latter in particular - to veer away the heavy excessive compensation significantly. It would be possible to lay the blame on the director - maybe Sue Kramer hopes that when her actors excessively act, they get more audience laughter. But then again, cast a veteran; one would expect that they are better. <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer really need to think carefully about what movies she wants to do, and for whom. Given the potential problems Problems Gray recalls, and, given its inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of comedy, perhaps she should consider writing a drama instead. I know that it's never easy to make films about women and women's issues, especially if one hope to reach a wider audience than just the women, but regardless of the direction it takes, inconsistent and unconvincing characters, such as Gray's not going to cut the mustard.
