When viewing the film as silly as «Hot Rod», one must sit back, relax, and change their intellectual abilities to such a state ?? which, in this case, the state of the near enough to sustain a brainless nonsense that a way has been mistakenly takes for comedy. With a brief performance of 88 minutes, the film was stretched, and has long been buried under a bundle of recurring jokes ?? jokes, which came in the minority, and not even funny in the first place. basic material «Hot Rod» is just as superficial and irrelevant in 2004, the iconic "Napoleon Dynamite," although it is much more contrived and comes without any laughter. In fact, insolent Despair film can be compared to "Napoleon Dynamite" is a derogatory and offensive, and left me a check instead of just being angry. <br /> <br /> the movie when one was forced to just call it such, is a tiny story that puts the self-proclaimed stunt Rod Kimba before us, with the intention of petty jump fifteen buses (one more than his idol Knivel jumping, so we said Rod) and raised $ 50,000 dollars for his forthcoming saving heart surgery stepfather; all so that he could fight with his stepfather, once recovered, and get his respect ?? because in order to get their respect, you first need to deal with them. And? Anything. Each sign is nothing more interesting than a self-adhesive mustache Rod, and from the opening of the film before it is inappropriate jokes conclusion, each scene is played as an absurd and terribly unfunny, the SNL monastery ?? which, with the addition of additional 85 minutes, it is, in fact, that «Hot Rod» aspires to be. <br /> <br /> The star of the film, Andy Samberg, to contribute to efforts to the screen that is observed that every last drip-drip of his comedic abilities. Unfortunately ?? rather, really ?? not his comic talents are not more beautiful than the five-year-old retelling his own joke exhausted that somewhere innocently includes raw and the poop jokes pisi. And if it is frustrating to pull a chair, hide your face in your hands, and get ready for a real shock: he humor of the film! In order to save them from murder, I willingly omit Samberg roles disgust co-stars and leave the second one-third of the team deserted island Director Akiva Schaffer to him nonexistent talent director ?? or comedian. In principle, every thing one could do to further trample comedy crash course beautifully depicted here; and to do so arrogant, as if the film would have been funnier that way. Deceive ourselves into thinking that there is even a single laugh in this pile, or to treat yourself another movie ?? Any other film.
