This movie can not make up your mind whether his message, "people are evil and bad, and the animals are sweet and pure," or "Do not ever go into the water." The fisherman (Nolan) goes to nab Swallow, very bad but if it accidentally (Random mark you) hits a pregnant cow instead of her partner, the cow - and I use the word in every sense - which is obviously sick psycho-bitch and canonical villain - strikes against the propeller, trying to chew itself to pieces in the sorrowful and disgusting, not to mention ineffective FPIC boo to commit suicide. (I doubt that it was her first.) If her unborn fetus from its self-inflicted wounds interrupts disgusting, her husband and a wife go mental vow revenge and to hurt, kill and maim every person who even so much as talk to Nolan. Obviously, as well as among the people, just crazy dating other general loonies. <br /> <br /> The film reeks of half-thought-out anti-human message, "poor poor whale !! evil people have to suffer and die! "And yet, it will not be possible at all to demonize Nolan. It is true that when he went to his motives were selfish and violent, but at the first screech first whale he grows hearts and, as the film progresses, it becomes more and more compassionate to the whale pain, until it seems that it will be walking on ice and give ourselves a whale, just to feel a little better. <br /> <br /> films in the last way in which Nolan follows whale on an amazing journey to the north, reminds me an awful person, kit connection Melville, and for a moment he really resemble an interesting point where these two men could unite, understand even respect each other in their own grief, since Nolan lost his wife and unborn child as an accident. This clearly Nolan respects whale and feels his loss. However, he never goes there. Whale character has no sympathy or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses focus and becomes the jaw as where the sea monster finally kills everything and Nolan and no self-doubt inadvertently, fails to nibble up-Hugger whale (tho he did a good grip on her head a little earlier.) I love animals, and I hate the hunting of whales, and that the more I love orca whales, but if the purpose of the film was to make me feel that the whale was the victim, and that people are evil and disgusting it was a complete failure. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and feels for the other, and all the whale thinks of murder and maim. <br /> <br /> The only message you can get away with, "If you see the orcas whales, ever, anywhere, run the other way the reason, if you step on it FIN wrong way, he will hunt you to ends of the earth, breaking all around you. "
