Many have argued that Orca ?? Killer Whale Jaw is plagiarism. This is not entirely true, although the huge commercial success of Jaws, of course, made this artificial .vs. animal stories more attractive offers for filmmakers in the second half of the 70s. Orca ?? Whale would be best described as a modern Moby Dick retread tires. This is a story about obsession. On the one hand, the obsessive quest for China to avenge the death of his friend; other obsessive quest for the bounty hunter to kill a whale, before he can claim any more lives. Unfortunately, Orca- Swallow looms very disappointing film, it is fundamentally a few interesting ideas devastated Hammy performances and inappropriate drawing. <br /> <br /> Shark Hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) encounters with marine life researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling), diving from the Atlantic coast of Canada. They met almost ends in disaster, if Rachel's team attacked by a great white shark, but Swallow arrives in the nick of time to stop the shark. After that, Nolan has become increasingly obsessed to capture the killer whale and sell it to the aquarium. But his plans backfire when he accidentally kills a pregnant female species while the distraught man looks at. Rachel Nolan says that Orca is an incredibly smart mammals with a strong memory and feelings just like humans. To make matters worse, the native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember his grief and to do everything possible to get back. Nolan first try to forget all the sad incident, but the whale is causing havoc in the fishing town and disgruntled locals are beginning to demand that Nolan put to sea to find it and destroy it. In the end, Nolan forced to conduct whale ?? Hunt leads all the way to the desert of ice of the Arctic Ocean, where man and animal play his last mortal combat against each other. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out in this film. One of them is intrusive score by Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest composer of film music of all time, his talent is wasted at different avtohlam tenth year during the 70s and 80s). Another amazing widescreen images Ted Moore, making the film consistently pleasing to the eye. In any other division, Orca ?? Swallow is a bad film, which does nothing to enhance the reputation of its talented cast and crew. Harris looks very bad throughout the film, his hair in mud, black rings around his eyes and the skin livid. Its implementation is lacking the usual vitality. Rampling affects many sexual positions, but could not persuade her to a lengthy and ill-informed explanation of whales ways. Other actors are lost in a brief and undeveloped roles, the most memorable of which sees the fact Derek gets her legs bitten off vengeful whale. The plot is nonsense from beginning to end, with such absurd sequences, like a whale deliberately started a fire in a fishing village, and absorbs the destructive local refinery! Despite the fact that it is plausible to assume that whales are intelligent beings with real emotions, the idea that a whale could build revenge against one human opponent and execute it so accurately is absolutely absurd. Orca ?? Swallow really one for Completists person, .vs. animal cycle since the late 70-ies. Most of them will leave the movie shook their heads in disbelief, and grinding his teeth in frustration.
