I watched this movie on Hallmark Channel recently. In my opinion, the film started decent enough, but in the end got the sour <br /> <br /> The Story :. American soldiers in Afghanistan received one of the Christmas cards that woman back in the United States sent in troops on Christmas Day. He becomes so inspired Christmas card that he feels he gave him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, the motivation to continue. If he gets leave, he goes to the city itself, that woman lives. He comes and courageous young woman, and eventually learns that she is the one who sent a Christmas card. He meets the family and after the rescue of her father (a veteran of the Vietnam War) from being hit by a car while crossing the street, the family decides to take it for a while. We learn that he does not have family back home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas season, working with them in their timber company. Family comes love him, and vice versa. The soldier also becomes in love with the daughter of a family - a woman who sent a Christmas card. There's only one problem. She already has a relationship with the man she fell in love. It is also a long distance relationship. Each very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and a trip to France through the hard labor and the fresh air. Women prefer the latter. The rest of the film, there is a "love triangle", as the boyfriend of the woman returned to the city to visit her during the season. Everyone in the family seems to want the daughter to be a soldier and my mother basically want what's best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** A woman comes to the soldier, more and more, because they have a lot in common. They are spending a lot of time together. It gradually attracted to his person. Then one day he kisses her and she kisses him. Now she is so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him someday, but it started so fond of soldiers. Rather quickly, a friend (who does not know about the kiss, but very protective of a woman and thinks the soldier is trying to move on it) decides to offer a woman, and she accepts. His plans for their marriage, however, is not planned what she wants. She wants to be at home, have children and be closer to his family. He wants to travel the world, to go to exotic places, and if they have children, they want to take them with you. That does not sound too exciting for a woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he did and did not want to make things worse. So he decides to leave the city, even though the pope urged him to stay and be with his daughter. It all comes to a head when on Christmas Eve service to the Church, we see that the soldiers had not yet left. Man and woman talking to each other outside, and he was heartbroken, mostly decides to let her and breaks up with her. The film ends with the woman, and soldiers come together <br /> <br /> What I love :. Like soldiers throughout most of the film. It is mainly good and polite, with a strong sense of doing good for others; There are moments in which the family is going to church and participating in charity events; Family holding hands and praying during the evening meal at the table; Mom and Dad have a long life and apparently healthy marriage; soldiers trying to do the right thing in a situation when he has done something very wrong <br /> <br /> What I do not like: There is a very typical "love triangle" story in this film; soldier turns sour, as he slowly and imperceptibly into a woman, and then finally kisses her when she already has a boyfriend; most of the families practically applauds this behavior - family goes to church and participate in services, but this is how they operate; there is some profanity <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed as the film ran, and it became worse and worse. I ended up fast forwarding the very end of the film, because I've had enough. Thus, the film began with some decent some valuable points, but ultimately destroys itself. So I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
