Orca begins as the crust of the Irish captain sea Nolan (Richard Harris) and his team are trying to capture the great white shark, so they can sell it for a lot of money, unfortunately, when the hapless marine biologist named Ken (Robert Carradine) imposing on the attack with his shark kills the killer whale it is of interest to the orcas and Nolan decides he wants to catch one of them instead. However, when you try to do it, he catches pregnant woman & injury is to the extent that she interrupts her unborn fetus on the deck, making a mess and infuriates her assistant, Keith Nolan ordered discharged back into the sea, which is what is happening. Male Killer Whale annoyed, to put it mildly, and killed one of the crew Nolan before they reach dry land of Newfoundland in Canada, when there Killer Whale is conducting a series of attacks on the city and its people in an attempt to lure Nolan back in the sea to fight to the death .. . <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson, I thought it was a blatant rip-off was awful, I'm sorry, but I thought it was ridiculous and very sad, even at modest 90 odd minutes. Scenario producer Luciano Vinsenzoni and Sergio Donati so stupid, I'm lost for words, the fact that he seems to take on a very serious and does not help when I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling talk about how intelligent orcas are just one more time I'll scream. I'm sorry, but I just do not believe that the killer is smart enough to know who a particular boat is owned and sink it, I do not believe that the killer can cause a huge explosion, including knocking oil lamp from the wall on the opposite side of it get there, because there is no way on earth, did he know that there is, I do not believe that the killer is able to identify someone at home knows someone there and then destroy it on purpose, I do not believe killer whales can move icebergs around to catch the boat I do not believe that the killer may physically recognize in people and I do not believe that he has any revanchist instincts, or at least none that are as strong as the silent film makes out, I may be a bit harsh, I mean, it's just the film after all, but this is a film that tries to be serious, and things just got so ridiculous that I half expected Swallow Nolan write a letter, to tell him of his plan and hand (or should that be fin?) deliver it, it seemed smart enough to do anything else. They were to ask him to come up with a cure for the common cold! Seriously, this is the statement that there is no more far-fetched than anything else in the film. I found the film very dull, very dull and had a terrible character of the screen not available at all. She is saying that this Jaws (1975) plagiarism, which is not even close to Spielberg's classic. <br /> <br /> Director Anderson Sun Spielberg, that's for sure, it's a bad film has absolutely no suspense, scares, tension and atmosphere in general. All attack scene as dull as dishwater and completely forgettable, NO build them and practically does not pay off either as Orca does not get to eat a single person. Then there is a scene that literally made me laugh, jib whales that seem to cry are pure comedy and introductory scene two orcas, I suspect, trying to show them how to "love" and "care" a couple, but I could not 't help, but I think that is the closest we've ever Swallow porn, fun stuff. Frames themselves orcas insipid and boring, and not personnel, appropriate and enhances the scene around him, it just looks like a sad wildlife documentary footage that has little connection to anything else. You get the impression that I do not like this movie? All right. Forget about any gore or of death, or there is a short scene where Bo Derek her legs bitten off, but the blink and you miss it. <br /> <br /> It was probably a fairly large budget and it still sucks, there's nothing outstanding about the Orca, is well done, I suppose, but a flat, soft and completely forgettable. The cinematography is quite nice though. Acts badly, Rampling terrible Irish accent and the late Harris uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Orca is lame Jaws rip-off that completely ignores or spoil all that Spielberg made the movie so well, this is one for bad movie fans around the world. Definitely not recommended, though not as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
