FBI STORY (1959) was the Warner Bros. 149 minutes epic tribute to the famous Criminal Investigation Agency! From the book by Don Whitehead came somewhat laborious script Richard L. Greene and John Twist and was sent only a modicum of sense of smell Mervyn LeRoy. However, it had a lovely color cinematography Joseph Biroc and useful musical score wizard Studio Max Steiner! <br /> <br /> The film charts the history of the Bureau with its baser started in the twenties to the present day and its all seen through the memories of aging fastidious agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart), he talks about his experience of the investigation - in flashback - in the classroom beginners young agents. But all of this at great length and episodic! And as it progresses, she begins to look like a TV mini-series instead of large-scale production of the film, as a young American working Hardesty offense range from taking on such notorious criminal figures as «Baby Face» Nelson, M Barker, Dillinger, etc. to sort of nefarious organizations like the Ku Klux Klan, the Nazi spy rings and the Red Menace. And it must be said here that only the presence of the screen and its star attraction STORY FBI will probably end up a forgotten disaster. In addition, it is another problem with the picture - Stewart still carry the entire film is almost alone! Except Vera Miles - who has the thankless role of being his long-suffering but devoted wife - it is surrounded by a cast of small players! For you find yourself half expecting someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or even Raymond Burr to make a welcome input as a gangster or police chief or any other. But nothing as creative as ever happens! It is a pity! <br /> <br /> The film nevertheless manages to give a good look inside the workings of the Bureau! With the story of Stewart, we learn about the thousands of men and women working in the organization, which includes hundreds of agents in the field. And we are also treated to a look inside the headquarters of which is under recording giant, and we also get a glimpse of chemists and specialists carefully fingerprint passes through their daily activities. <br /> <br /> Another plus for the film Max noteworthy assessment Steiner! Heard of the names is a powerful, exciting and determined march while for the more delicate point, the image has an attractive theme of love. But it is quite ingenious and sinister formidable topic march sequence Ka Klux Klan. Better yet, this rhythmic Latin music, which the composer wrote for the South American scene is particularly spectacular Fandango as the orchestration for the arrival of federal troops on horseback. FBI STORY was one of the five points the composer wrote in 1959 that included the marine epic Samuel Bronstona "John Paul Jones" magic Rom-com "Cash McCall" Dawes seminal western "hanging tree" and DAVES '' A Summer Place », from which it withdrew Young Love Theme - which was to become a major hit tune for Steiner better known as "Theme from A Summer Place" <br /> <br /> FBI story just about the aisles to collect as film due Biroc rich color cinematography, beautiful Steiner's music and, of course, Jimmy Stewart, who does something watchable! <br /> <br /> A classic but incredibly lines FBI Become ............. How insipid Nick Adams (who just blew up a plane with 43 people on board, including his mother) is led away in handcuffs, he turns to the arresting officer and burns, "if I get the mail, you can send it to the Canyon City prison within the next month or so - then you can send it to hell." Wow!
