It's a fun movie - especially for old movie buffs and historians (I). During the first half of the twentieth century, unfortunately, black Americans are generally not allowed in the White Theater. As a result, theaters serving Black audiences wanted to show films that reflect the Black experience and display a black actor. In many cases, the films were mostly similar plot-wise to the standard Hollywood fare, but with a much, much lower than the budget - and usually terrible production values. You really can not blame the filmmakers - they just do not have the money and the resources available in the middle of the film company. As a result, they had to make due with a lot less - including excessive reliance on stock actors that have been seen over and over again, there is no money to re-shoot scenes and you need to get films made quickly! This film tried to be very black film version of Gene Autry - starring Herb Jeffries instead. Jeffries was a light-skinned man of mixed descent, and he starred in several films like cowboy. In each, he sings a little, struggling a little bit (although it is very bad) and likes a bit - everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries still alive at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The overall plot was hardly the picture of Autry - complete with anachronistic elements, such as phone numbers to the west! The problem is that, despite the similarity, low budget shines. Stymie (from li'l Rascals) failed multiple lines, but they just left him, the fight scenes were completely unchoreographed and were one of the worst ever put on film, there were some strange hole story, there was no background music (leaving a film amazingly quiet) and the action was pretty scary <br /> <br /> currently, this does not mean that the film is not worth watching. - only that its technical About problems that prevent it from being won over. One reviewer, oddly enough, the film scored 10! How can it be any problems for me. Nevertheless, I can understand a man who loves the film, despite the many challenges. The plot is usually pretty good, likeable characters, the music-room, and you know that the people who make the film trying so damn hard, and this is a very important part of American history. But in the 10? <br /> <br /> By the way, in the odd bit of casting, a very tall, thin and nearly white skin Jefferies paired with a short, stocky and extremely dark Mäntän Moreland .... his brother !! In addition, Spencer Williams may be familiar to you. He played Andy on TV in "Amos n Andy."
