Although there are some fragments of this 4-part documentary referring to the need to reform the legislation on recreational drugs, it is not very well developed, unlike many fragments from those who believe that drugs that occur now are illegal is a scourge for which the only possible solution is to imprisonment, even those who are to blame simply being in possession of such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program as a whole gives the impression of the viewer, that the war against drugs is largely useless and a waste of money, and that he deserves praise, almost nothing in this documentary examines the very real problems, all-out war against those who have just illegal drugs, obviously, causes and promotes - the very real problems that most drug warriors themselves would tell you, if asked, they think that the war on drugs is designed to solve. For example, while many minutes are spent on the upsurge in violence associated with an increase in cocaine's popularity in the '80s, at any point in the program even hint that the laws themselves are destined for cocaine suppression make it impossible for the drug sellers to ensure their contracts and business activities in the courts, forcing them to resort to violence in order to stay in business. But instead of seeing the law as an important cause of violence, drugs, themselves, seem to take the brunt of the blame. Inexplicably, alcohol prohibition, the violence that was, and the subsequent restoration of the ban, are completely ignored by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help to perpetuate the ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, and they are a major force in promoting a very expensive and very problematic drug war. The possibility of including other than alcohol and drugs in a happy and successful life is not really concerned. The use of any drug in excess is likely to cause personal problems, but not all users are taking their medication in excess, just as not all users of alcohol drinkers. <br /> <br /> If you wish to view from someone who believes that adults have a moral right not to be imprisoned and their lives destroyed by the criminal justice system only for drugs that the government is basically a very arbitrary political reasons, not reasons based on reasonable social policy and legitimate science, decided to completely ban users that he has decided not to wage war metaphorically, just forget about it. None of this can be found here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, it is hardly in the category of anti-drug propaganda. Basically, it's an interesting story presented neutrally drugs in the twentieth century, the United States as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. But there is an essential element of people of different points of view in relation to drug laws, and most (but not all), which is not very thoughtful and well-informed, and is tilted in favor of the drug warrior mentality, especially with regard to drug except marijuana. <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system, along with its often harsh life ruining punishment is clearly not the only answer, or the most appropriate answer to every social problem, but unfortunately, the epidemic in this nation yet unnamed disease The main symptom is a lack of imagination on social policy, when it comes to certain medications, lack of compassion for someone you know, a prejudice against people who use drugs that are not approved by the government, may have a vested interest in the growth of the prison / guard ny industry and reverse the apathy with regard to human dignity. It's immoral to steal or sharpen a person if you have a pretty damn good reason to do so, and the mere possession of a randomly selected group of drugs is clearly not the reason. This is really the main issue when it comes to drugs, but the program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So, in general, part of the program, which is neutral with no real history of feeding stereotypes of drug users are at the heart of the drug war mentality is pretty good and interesting and exciting. But when it comes to the representation of rational non-radical views on drug policy, and give examples of the viewer not only to people with drug problems, but also many people who have successfully include drugs in a happy and successful life, it is rather disappointing,
