Over the years Madonna has tried to prove not only to himself, but in the public eye, she can act. Unfortunately, trying too hard, he could not shed his own person does not mix well <br /> <br /> It seems to have a better life if she is not the star of any film. And if you look at it in a speech in support of the desperately seeking Susan (1985), or League of Their Own (1992), it actually comes off looking good. As the story turns to the other actors, the weight of expectation is taken from her shoulders by default. <br /> <br /> The problem begins when she is asked to be the star of the film, regardless of genre. Being in the center of the story that should be told in a visual way, whether it be good, mediocre or awful it must replay ways seems the actual performance of the film, as opposed to video performance. This is a fundamental difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis, or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the film fails (because the visual story lacked some efficiency in how we relate to them, or because the script is not justified, or because the actress was in itself simply not in her time), will be extra something in their statements that would raise the film is not complete bombs. And Davis and Streep have had their share: Betty, having a longer career than the Strip, in such fare as BUNNY O'Hara (1971) and Wicked Stepmother (1989); Strip in the devil (1989). But at least there was that naturalism in the way and attacked them roles that made us forget about the movie banality and watch the performance. <br /> <br /> Madonna, on the other hand, not being particularly gifted actress is able to really let us in its ability to convey a person other than himself, rates are much worse, and even in the hands of someone like Woody Allen in the shadows and VOG ( 1992), a subordinate classics, she pat her screen time seems stilted and a little tight, maybe even nervous, as if she knows about the cameras and crew and simply could not let go. <br /> <br /> And so she tries to prove once again that it can act in what is essentially a two-character film. Guy Ritchie, better known fighters, filled in the male energy, it seems like to continue telling the story closer to someone from such Antonioni and Ingmar Bergman, who could tell the story of two people with incredible ease. And in the 89th minute, taking place taking place in such a lame way that, when the last half an hour is coming, and the story takes a dramatic turn, he does not feel sincere. On absolute witches do not redeem the value suddenly in love, it must be the most unconvincing rotated by 180 degrees, as ENT Dunaway suddenly discovered that her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in the eyes LAURA MARS (1978). Just unconvincing bad place Adrian Janine in the middle of the film - it lacks any humor and feels truly psychopathic - and when he gives in love Madonna, it's too fast to believe. Filming is to slow music and visual montage of love and beautiful scenery does not increase or add to the "transformation" of what would be the story of survival between unsympathetic to the characters in the history of love, where both recognize each other. <, Br /> <br /> Try to have an unsatisfactory end works against the film, but also - and this only makes it drag, bog it down, and if Madonna will be charged descended from hope to devastation in a tight close-up, it feels that it She is trying too hard. Many actresses have done better to convey so much, so little does. Hers is more suitable for the performance of the existing styles in the late 20s and early 30s where posturing compensated as operating part or emotion. <br /> <br /> if the film could be better? Of course. There are many ways to shoot it in a way that will leave the viewer feeling that these people could at least hope to see each other again - it's been done before in Overboard (1987), for example. This could be an existential subtext in which two very different people have to rely on each other, but not necessarily change (to provide moral tons). Many dialogs and unnecessary sex scenes could be denied for a "quiet" watch a movie - as in Persona (1966). It might even have something thriller, provided that the nature of the Giannini has a mean streak as Billy Zane was calm (1989). Even if it was done as a sex farce it would work better for Madonna as over the top, uber-control freak to get it back. But with his middle veins of humor, without at least a glimpse of her character, which has a soft side, which hides behind the mask bitchdom, and does not actually define your own character Janine, it becomes another misfire trying to look like a floor fight.
