I could almost see it in the real cinema (art house theater, no less!), But you can not make it there in a week he played, but yesterday I finally saw it on cable and ... well .. .I do not was disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna has done it again: another bomb! If this woman to learn? If you learn the studio? (Or perhaps they already have, as the film was largely dropped from the fanfare and deaths from mouth to mouth.) One would hope that the director of her talented husband, who has created an interesting and / or a very exciting job, bring of the same quality as Madonna revealed in "Desperately seeking Susan"; Unfortunately, it just did not want to be, that it is, it's the worst: the singularity is convinced of his own greatness, complacency pervades every frame, it is made all the more unbearable it vibrating faux-British accent, the accent that only underlines the fact her voice said variable quality and not particularly pleasant. This may seem overly harsh, but I listen to a woman and look at her films, for example, over the past ten years: as a latter-day Bette Davis, there is an unmistakable fragility not only a coach, but most of her face and body, which are, in spite of the warm pictures are displayed throughout the film (perhaps his only saving grace), not done any good. To her credit, the whole thing is so shameful that a miracle, when the greatest actress in the world on her best day could do something with this porridge. Not one part does not slip Overall: Bruce Greenwood, in fact, seems to be hurt, to be on the screen, even though the poor Tripplehorn seems to carry herself as if she were really something good, I thought all the time, "Denial is not just a river in Egypt! "Adrian Janine, Janine's son, Giancarlo, the star of the Italian original" Gone ... "then, like his father, is very attractive, and not quite bad (despite winning the Razzie nomination for" Worst Actor "), but like almost everything else in this production, it all comes back to the Madonna, on whose shoulders rest the blame. Why is it? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Just who do you think is behind this alteration? The fact that the actress does not want to almost every shot of the film, to be focused on it, and not only sharing the screen relative one? Yes, of course, Ritchie deserves the blame: it is, of course - or someone - anyone! - I should have, and could, took his leading role in the side and insists on something bordering on actual feelings in her testimony the line (for her performance is so wooden it is strange that the other actors did not receive the cod), or, at least, the display similarity heat ... but it seems to be resistance to be nothing but a cinematic black hole. Above and beyond everything else, it is strictly vanity project of its star, so that it is ultimately responsible for it. The film, like this, "Odd Couple» -ish, class war, should be easy and fun with the wires, which can bounce off each other with witty, even romantic, dialogue, for what else can a film whose plot involves two different people stranded, really? Frankly, I do not think those involved knew exactly what they are trying to tone; it will not work either as a comedy (I challenge you to laugh again) or romance (ice princess routine Madonna does not allow any chemicals). It is not even bad enough for us, bad movie lovers to enjoy. Real shame ...
