If I'm not mistaken, unfortunately, I rented Nightmare on Elm Street 3 a few years ago and was the music video, I'm sure, who was named the Dream Warriors, at the end, and I take this on DVD who wanted that the video is there because it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. Surprisingly, as the material of the 80's so funny now, but nothing funnier than 80s rap video. Was this rap group singing this song Dream warrior version of the VHS of the film after the credits, and they wear as a denim jacket with no shirt underneath and form fit denim shorts that are worn on the bottom as Daisy Dukes. What can a rap group look stupid, I can not imagine. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) Anyway, I was disappointed in search of this video on DVD-version, so all I had this mediocre installment in a series of Freddy Krueger. The film begins like the same idea, part 2, with the main character witnesses all sorts of gruesome murders and then like coming out of the trance and ended up with bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house that Nancy Thompson lived in, then ran into the bathroom, the handle shell, in turn, into the hands of Freddie and attack her, and then she wakes up, standing in her bathroom to cut it own wrist. From there, the film turns into a regular installment psychiatric hospital. <br /> <br /> ' «Larry Fishburne, tired of always playing the bad guy in his role, was happy to take on the role in this film as the good guy-ordered feed, but including when patients want to bend the rules a little in . Not surprisingly, it turns into something that is not by leaps and bounds the best performance in the film. Arquette later goes on to become an accomplished actor, but not perfected her acting skills when she starred in the film. Characters in the film mostly all the patients in a psychiatric hospital, Kristen found after cutting her wrists. All of them are cynical and uncooperative, almost no one is suggesting that they really belong there at all. After all, they understand and are able to convince employees that they are all dreams about the same man, and that's not just some kind of group hysteria. <br /> <br /> Langenkamp returned to his famous role of Nancy Thompson, this time has grown into a dream researcher as a result of her childhood experiences associated with Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, that it is able to quickly apply to hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients, as she suffered exactly what they are. There are some interesting murder in this game, as well as the technology that is used for special effects, which have made a huge leap. There is a giant, worm-like Freddy, who is trying to swallow Kristen completely, there is a scene where the TV turns into Freddy with mechanical hands, he picks up one of the patients there for some late night entertainment and punishes her for sitting too close to the TV, but there is inconclusive scene go traffic, where a couple of guys have a fight with the skeleton of Freddy Krueger, who has been rotting in the trunk of a car in a car dump. And one of the more moaning induce scene was the one where Freddy attacking one of the patients in a dream (a famous sleepwalking), tearing of muscles and tendons of his hands and feet, and leads him around like a puppet. Ouch. <br /> <br /> We get a glimpse into the past Freddy in this game. Not only do we meet his mother, but we also clarify the circumstances that led to Freddy be generated by more than 100 maniacs. In the fight with Freddie, all patient groups together, and in their dreams, to use their special powers (most of which reflect their shortcomings in real life) to fight it. One student attached to a wheelchair, can walk in a dream, the other powers have fun, what he calls `Master Master 'other' is beautiful and bad" (it has a lot of makeup, her hair standing in the Mohawk feet tall, and she has a knife). Clever, but the film varies if it is only one of the patients, who can not speak, do not have any authority in his dreams, until the climax of the film, when he realizes that he can speak in your dreams (in only at the right time to save the day). the power of His dream was too obvious to have been excluded for so long, but all together, now you see why the film was subtitled Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> In general, this is not a weak entry in the series. The acting is quite bad, but it's actually pretty good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne greatly overshadows the rest of the actors, showing excellent acting early in his career, and the film is not just a rehash of the first two ?? a problem that is rampant in the Friday the 13th movies much more than movies Elm Street. Characters never developed enough to allow for the subsequent creation of a strong tension, so the majority of deaths across more creative ways to kill someone in a horror film than the tragic death of the life of one of the characters we have come to know and root them victory over evil. But then again, not too many horror movies to take the time to really develop their character to the point where you throw your hands in defeat, when they were killed, or are on the edge of your seat as they run for their lives. But it is important to note that a few horror movies that actually do it is almost always the best of them ??
