I wondered why I did not like Peggy Sue Got Married more than I did when it first came out in 1986, with all the hype. Somehow I found the character Nic Cage scare. Way to scare off. Then, the plot seems to make no sense. Then at the end credits, the question came to mind: What is the meaning of it was making this film? What does this mean? The answer, unfortunately, is not much, if anything. I really do not think that this film is aimed to ensure that the application; if it were not "your life is your life, you're not gonna make the same mistakes, no matter what, so keep an eye on the steering wheel, instead of a hole." Not a very profound statement, and I'm sorry, did not deep in this movie. Writing just not as good. the direction of uneven and oddly enough, is exaggerated at times. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, the only real thing in this film, and made something of a miracle, creating a whole character, despite the strange, unexplained circumstances, a scenario which had no vidavochnag to make a statement. <br /> <br /> In addition, she finally cleared the main causes of a mystery to me, I did not enjoy this film more. She said that in her autobiography that Cage made a point of struggle his uncle direction of Coppola's every move way, making it "his way" (not a very good idea for a new actor), and putting on a goofy voice she called "stupid." his voice was irritable, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was nasty and overbearing, as a young man . I understand that he was trying to make a play young guy- "hot shot", which is not as hot as he thinks he is, setting up your own karma for future failures. But he goes overboard, it does so abrasive, Sun have entered into force, and if he had listened to his uncle instead of "human struggle," we would have a more enjoyable film. Cage slips a bit with his unpleasant voice styling to the movies and sometimes sounds like a real person, and these scenes are more watchable than others. But if I had to watch the movie to the end in full, I would find myself wanting to pay someone in a memo to pour a bucket of water over his head during some of its most affected (sham) scenes. <br /> <br /> The film does not pretend to be an application does not make the point, it's nice to see except when the cell makes a mad Elvis impressions (but not voice), and, ultimately, confusing and empty a waste of time. Given all this, Kathleen Turner, certainly deserves an Oscar in the rotation of the mess the film. I can not recommend anyone to spend two o'clock watching it if you like Turner and have a remote control to select all its scenes. Believe me, you will not miss anything at all sites, letting other scenes, and it will do just as much sense. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner gets a lot of flak from critics over its comments Cage, which proves that it is strong enough, to be honest, and to hell with the comments from other people. You go, Turner! I especially do not advocate this actress more than I do from any other first-rate actor or actress, but her candor refreshing. actor Cage can be well annoying, but it does not work. At least in this film, and now we know why.
