The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave (Miralem - Italy 1971). <br /> <br /> I just watched the delirious part of the Euro-nonsense way to a terrible a DVD-release Alpha video (it looks very bad video transmission), but from what I've seen, not interesting enough to buy a recent DVD- release not ashamed. Given their excellent track record, it would certainly be a significant improvement over all previous releases. And do not pay attention to the funny cap shown here, it is not taken from the film (some girl holding Jim Carrey Double head, etc.). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti Western star Anthony Steffen sport hip hair and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, the man persecuted in memory of his deceased wife, Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown, that his being held in a psychiatric hospital. After his release, canals Kanningeh this injury, taking the red-haired prostitute in his castle rural areas, exposing them to the vicious acts of torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (that you have in mind, the Italian horror names sound "made?"), Advises him to forget the past and re-marriage, but obsessed with Evelyn Cunningham, and even organize a session in the castle. In the end, after the murder of several girls he meets Gladys, the other red, and almost immediately to marry her, but the arrival of his new wife raises a series of sinister events. Bloodthirsty creatures blow to the family of Sir Alan, killing them one by one. Become more confused, Evelyn Cunningham visits the grave and discovers that it will be empty. Soon, the number of "outsiders" are beginning to suspect that something suspicious is happening in the castle and Lord Cunningham's treatment may not be successful, which after all. <br /> <br /> Director Miralem trying to blend Gothic horror with Giallo agreement with limited success. As usual, no effort to convince the audience of the film is set in England. Cars drive on the right side of the road, it looks very Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is clearly Italian. It is common practice in Italy terror, but sometimes they just take it a little too far. Poor print made it even a bit tolerable, since it is so dark you could not see much of the environment in any way. But, again, this is a kind of movie where anything can happen in the name of the operation and image of reality is actually not a problem. A large part consists of sadomasochistic scenes of torture in the dungeons of the castle, but most of the time, Anthony Shteffny ham his way through it and show some of the horrible action. I think it all depends on your state of mind, and it can be fun to make sense if you're in the right mood. I just could not accept it, at least not with the seal I looked. Nice score, but Bruno Nicolai, which combines easy listening tunes with some psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
