Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is nutjob {seen in the early stages, trying to escape the loony bin}, this castle is slowly succumbing to spoil, he likes to kill various whore reminiscent of his late wife, Evelyn, a woman who had betrayed him for another man , with those red locks. This madman is quite rich, and his bachelor status can be very tempting. He was, however, filled his obsession with the memory of his late wife (in particular, its adultery..he saw her naked with a lover). While Evelyn memory devouring nearly all its existence, Alan tries his best to find true love and believes that he and Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the movie naked..that, probably its lone attribute as it is not a very good actress), who agrees to marry him after a very short courtship, which should probably throw up flags {right is the key issue of dialogue, where she knows exactly what is the amount that it costs} . <br /> <br /> the only real man Alan could trust his doctor of the hospital, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this film that revolves around Alan. cousin Alan, George (Rod Murdoch), seems to be quite a good friend who often delivers his victims..I mean date of holding the hope of obtaining his master's property ever. Albert (Roberto Maldera), brother of Evelyn, is a witness to the murder of Alan and, instead, to turn it into the police, squeezes it for cash. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), a wheelchair and lives in a castle, and is often seen disappearing over the bursting of the door. Later we found out that she has an affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> All the services described above the rest of the story, which shows that seem to chase the ghost of Evelyn, Alan, someone killed a cast member of the family that revolves around Alan, and the body is really Evelyn lacking. <br /> <br /> The main question is who commit crimes after Alan and Gladys married, where the body of Evelyn and Alan go over the edge? I must be honest and say that I just did not care much for this movie. This is bad and uneven Shagan is everywhere. It looks great on the new DVD, "rises from the grave sequence" that's cool, but what really hurt the film in my mind that the whole cast unpleasant. You really hard time caring Alan because he is a psychopath, which is skating on thin ice with respect to keeping his sanity. It can be very unstable. Who commits a crime is not really so much of a surprise after a few key characters are killed off, no, but the choice few who could do it. What happens to Alan did not gulp your throat, because you can make the argument that he was just getting what he deserves. Those who are in the whole scheme of the film in relation to Alan, as I pointed out earlier, is not shocking, because if you know just a little about the specific circumstances (.. or the benefits that they would have) that will benefit from their decay Alan sanity, everything just comes off less than stellar. I thought that the editing was choppy and uninteresting, but acting on the whole cast is really below par. A certain style of help and have to sniff the atmosphere of gothic cemetery in order to help him with some of them.
