Alan (Anthony Steffen), English multi-millionaire with a few screws loose (due to the infidelity of his first wife and premature death in childbirth), seduces sexy, red-haired woman to his castle, offering them a wad of cash to stay in the weekend, once in his ancestral pile he gets them Nekkid, continues to flog them with bull whip, and then kills them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets a blonde Hottie Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls in love with her ample charms, he decides to abandon his murderous ways and marry. Their marriage pleasure is short-lived, however, because of unreliable mental state, Alan, that is becoming more fragile when his late wife Evelyn begins to appear behind the window and wave of gruesome murders occur within the territory of the castle. <br /> <br /> So let's recap: groovy 70s Euro-horror with loads of delicious women in various states to undress; Gothic ghost retreats and misty graveyard; rich sadistic madman with a penchant for the dead is revealed wonderful babies with cracking Bods; several vicious murders (including a great bit where one victim hit her head in with a hammer and her insides eaten by foxes). As a general rule, the list as it would guarantee me a good time ?? why I did not find "Night Evelyn attached to her Grave» so sad? Well, for starters, the plot is too confusing: there are red herrings, crazy plot events and suspects abound, and it all becomes too much. According to an absurd end ?? in which we discover that all along, some people were plotting to get their greedy paws on the riches of Alan, and our red kill nut job should really be the hero of the film? ? My head hurt too much to take care of! Second, the direction of Emilio Maraglia is quite sluggish. Stylish, yes; . But as slow as molasses time <br /> <br /> And then there are bits that are just too damn stupid, perhaps even for Giallo: death from poisonous snake bite (certainly one of the most amazing options weapons kogda a); Alan Aunt Agatha, an old lame cousin, who plays a pretty young woman; recruitment of a group of identical shaped head blonde like nine; poor attempts to convince the audience that the film is set in England (with reference to "pounds" and hire police shit shape for one of the extras is not enough); and then, of course, there are likely to find sulfuric acid lining bag next to the pool ... <br /> <br /> «Night Evelyn came out of the grave" is not a waste of time (as it may be, with so many female flesh on the show?), but there are much better Giallo there. See this if you're a fan of the genre, and you have seen the best ??, but do not expect too much.
