This film is another distortion, among many distortions in the so-called "sins of consumerism." Please note that the "Reverend Billy", the actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the "sins of consumerism." We could ask questions like: What do you mean, "the Rev. Billy to make life as he makes his money he does if his life with his" tax "organization How Internal Revenue justify this as" tax deductions "of the church or organization??? <br /> <br /> We all know that Christmas is a commercial, but it gives one day a year in which people have the opportunity to be charitable, and allows a significant number of people to spend time with their families, friends, or extended families. this is not charity. One does not spend time with their families, friends, or pasture But the wound families, holidays and vacation give people that chance and opportunity Yes, America did more than his share of problems -.. But, with persistence, Americans have always made it through great difficulties and even in times of struggle. America has established itself as the largest country in the world. this happens when the Americans pull together and unite, not divide, and divide. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but that would require an American return to the small business, along with ethics to responsibly care for the people, They live in our individual communities. Thus, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but it will require Americans to bring production back to America. The Americans and the US government have to learn how to stay on a budget, no matter how big or small it may be, and we have to stop our dependence on credit. Our over-reliance on credit will make and keep us poor, from the cradle to the grave. It is important to buy - but when we buy less, we will be less hope for a loan. And if we can save even a small amount of money, we will have the money for a rainy day. Not to say that, as Americans, we get an even share of the wealth. Heritage is not guaranteed, and was never guaranteed. However, stratification teaches that only a small percentage of Americans keep most of America's wealth. There is a good closeness that you or I can reach the level of the upper middle class. And, who knows what can happen from there?!? Be positive, work - and at least you and I will be able to achieve at least some (if not all) of our dreams. In life nothing is guaranteed, but we always have something to reach for. And, if you or I do not have dreams, we might as well be dead. In America, there is always room for a lot of hopes and dreams. As humans, we are part of the package, but we can always become the pack leader. <br /> <br /> It has always been my experience that the church and religion will not bring anything but more distortion, but I have to pay to give dignity and respect for people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But as far as the identified distortions in the film, I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I rank this movie with 1 out of 10 - but in all honesty and truth, this film deserves a zero. This film does not have integrity, and I can not recommend it.
