What happened? These were the first words that come to mind after that horrible movie finished the first and last time on the computer screen. A Nightmare on Elm St. gone significantly downhill after this cult-classic first film, but I doubt anyone expected this terrible aberration. Nobody expected that the cosmic joke of the film, and no one is crazier about this than I do. <br /> <br /> This is definitely the worst film ANOES lot. It does not seem so bad at the beginning, with a really horrible intro and a fairly elongated shower scene with Alice. But then we collapse at the beginning of a bad action, and mixed sequences of events. I mean, of course, of Freddy movies should be a fabulous and terrible, but this one is like a train-wreck in its poor sequence of events and a terrible scene setting. It feels like you are coming down with a terrible headache, not the way you get scared. Thus, the guide is completely out of order. None of the well-crafted suspense and the horror of the previous sequels can not be found here, and even the death scene is basically just stupid and feeble-minded (death food especially), this is one cool scene that is going to like comics battle for the exception. That's why this movie gets a point. <br /> <br /> The plot ... lame, lame, lame, LAME. It was an occasion for the rude people who do not attend and to make MPAA crazy, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> In the current ... I should mention how Freddie was converted into a children's boogey man as a clown figure? As his rebirth scene made him look like a monster from a horror book 7-year-old is in place and the nightmare premonition dream killer we all known and hated as the first film? It is the hand waving and smiling stupidly, when he appeared again ... ugh. And his ships, too. Throughout the film, they suck. It is not good. Grade-schooler could come up with the funniest things, vomit spewing Freddy throughout the 90 minutes of the film. Hell, a chimpanzee could come much funnier lines than what has been said here Freddy said. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is really annoying, too. It seems so pointless. Like a mosquito buzzing around your head, the mosquito that just will not go away. Freddie just an annoyance now. We have seen it so many times. This is not your anything else, and a lot of time if you just want him to take his terrible sharpness and get on the TV screen. Alice, rather thoughtful and quiet girl from the last movie, it seems annoying and very small, and this is obviously due to the terrible, terrible scenario of the film was equipped. Lisa Wilcox can be a great actor, and sometimes shines through the cracks here, but it can not save this film. Other actors just suck, basically. <br /> <br /> In the last 15 or 20 minutes, Freddy existence in this film terribly ashamed. I hope that this shy Englund. Who wants to see Freddy running around like a mutated gorilla with his limbs stretched out, laughing like a cartoon villain? This film is destroyed nothing positive I felt a nightmare series. I can never see them again without this image goes through my head; of twisted cartoon abominations that Kruger has become. He slowly becomes a playful, slow pop culture icon, but it is the lowest of the low. This is rock bottom. No one will ever Freddy Krueger seriously again after watching this movie. He is nothing but a joke, a clown that is long overdue for retirement. Helpless. <br /> <br /> Of all the films that I could hate, why should it be A Nightmare on Elm St, series that I once loved and loved a lot? Dream Child is the death of the legend, and the fault of any hope I was in A Nightmare on Elm St. series. Freddy would go on to continue their downward spiral into a clown status in the next game, Dead Freddie (which was more interesting than it was, in fact), and then he would go on to bring down the mood Freddy VS Jason, and, finally, to sticks with nothing in that for the better. <br /> <br /> I know that it's mostly been a rant about why Freddie sucks now, but the film as a whole, terrible, and one of the worst films ever made, do not recommend to anyone, and even ANOES completionists not want to see this time.
