This shit .... crap. I can not believe that any company can even get people to work on a film like this. Full Moon has a number of terrible movies, but it has to be the worst. First, the story does not exist. It's weird. It's like they took the idea for the story, and the type never bothered to its development. It seemed that they just wasted a lot of time filming outside shots while the two "heroes" have traveled in the wilderness, and Bradbury says stupidity for about 10 minutes. There are two scenes in the film (if Dez and Dazzy wheel, and if Dez and Bradbury are management), where it just went on and on and on ... it was almost like two clips in the place where there should have been some dialogue or action. They just went about 5 minutes, nothing but music and shots of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> Next, we turn to action, that's just awful. First, the girl who plays Dazzy just a beast. She was so scared to look, I wanted to turn away, when she was on the screen! Horrible casting. Then you have a guy who played Deux who could not act if his life depended on it. His "cry" is really funny, and his lunatic antics even funnier. The guy who plays the doorman at the hotel as bad as this guy who plays Bradbury. There was no action that deserves any recognition in the film at all. <br /> <br /> makeup ... hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? These "effects" were so fake, they were funny. Crazy little robot looking caterpillar thing missing someone, they cut down, and when they come back, the guy has a completely fake looking flesh wound. Nice. They run out of money to make up the budget or what?! I have to say, people's commissar of the chick, which is in the apartment of a girl ... a good make-up there, too. I think they're going to look drugged, and I think she must have had a black guy, but he was more like a cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This film is simply awful from the start. History silly and very, very unoriginal, the direction seems tho it was performed on the 10-year-old, who operates the lowest of the low, and so on. Stay away from this movie at all costs. It only lasts for 70 minutes, first and foremost, and registered for at least 20 minutes, which is captured or music without dialogue or character sitting around the hotel. Do not waste your time on this piece of garbage.
