Fashionable fragmented, but annoyingly half-realized character study, exploring the various entities of the two college roommates: talented but undisciplined star basketball player, and pot smoking, debauchery instigator. We will never know why these young people are friends. They can share the confusion of the world and their place in it, but they seem to have nothing in common. Making his directorial debut, Jack Nicholson - who was also a co-writer Jeremy Larner, based on the book in Larner - this does not apply to acquaint us with the characters of any clarity, nor is it to create a scene, to help us identify with someone on the screen. There are some very decent performances here (especially from beginner William Tepper in the central role), but most of the pictures of loose (perhaps intentionally), fragmentary or not confident. Bruce Dern plays a hard-driving basketball coach, Karen Black, older, married woman Tepper has to deal with, and michael margott a wayward friend Tepper (in the off-putting, over-the-top performance). Nicholson is not possible to establish the sequence with any particular taste, preferring to (I assume) to allow interaction between the character to dominate the tone of the film; his script does not work, and as a result it is not clear to whom we should sympathize. Small, random moments of work (installed at the site of a struggle between the supermarket Tepper and black turf visiting Tepper in his dorm room, all the scenes), but the entire third act of painting painful mess. Hoping to oppose the all-important play b-ball with sexual assault, Nicholson shows no style of his case (he did not earn points for insolence, since his staging of these events furnace and ugly). If a director comes out of his way to humiliate his actors, one to question his motives in this. Maybe if «Drive, He Said» ultimately made some powerful statement in addition, viewers could forgive the director for his lapses in judgment and taste. Unfortunately, confused closer as a dumbfounding, like most of the rest of the film. * 1/2 ****
