The tragedy is that this part of the debris was part of my training program while I was studying cinema. So imagine how I had to watch it in full. Believe going through hell lot easier. Our professor told us that this is a movie ???, but he never thought that we do not accept or assume appropriate. I do not think there are any gods on earth, we are only human, so all the filmmakers, so they can make mistakes, bad movies .. or really bad too. The main problem was not the fact that art, by all means, responsive to the infinite points of view, but many people do not realize that each person got their own real taste, my own opinion, means that I believe that this is the greatest film of all times can also be your worst ever, and how to correct it both ways, but how many people can get it right?. So my professor says in the film, and just do not know. However, the only way to appreciate this "thing" is the measurement of its original plan, to show us the different types of old folk tales or whatever, to catch on to the mentality, imagination, and the nature of this society. To tell you the truth cursed Mr. Pasolini as a screenwriter and director made it too unbearable to look at first. The film is so ugly. I can not stand it, because an analysis of it, and then find out the potential beauty in it !! It is beyond your mind's disgrace, and oddly enough, not for the sake of doing a film or anything, it's for the sake of unstable visions (Pasolini). His work is so primitive undeveloped degree. Deadly cinematic technique, good sense of nonsense and incredibly badly made all bad. Look at the brutal actions fruitless cinema, which is very poor sets, .. OH MY GOD I have nausea. It can stop your objectivity much as to watch this movie is a real pain, like taking a wisdom tooth from the blind doctor. I have terrible nightmares that could be more compassionate than that. So initially, it's just continuing to consider it enough? In fact, it is not. Since it is very film does not belong to you is true at all. There is a very memorable scene here where some boys peeing in the camera eye (!) I'm trying to connect some things like that with the end of Pasolini is killed.
