Yes, I "get" Pasolini and his environment, but at the same time, I feel that his "Decameron" is largely overrated, and more than a little disturbing. Overrated, since it is supposed 'realism', he introduces (mob destroyed architecture, etc.), who discuss the absurd and utterly stupid way that the characters behave. In pursuit of realism, of Pasolini used many non-actors, but the deer-in-headlights look and painfully awkward delivery lines give all very awkward and inconsistent feel. And to be honest - many of toothless, misshapenly-featured people hurts to see <br /> <br /> And the Pasolini's "Decameron" is disturbing (to me at least) due to the random and widespread homosexual content .. Not because I am a hypocrite or homophobic (I am neither), but because of the emphasis put on Pasolini homoerotic images and situations contrary to neo-realism, he professed otherwise, so comes off as forced and gratuitous. You can almost hear him say, "Oh! - I've have to follow cute, naked boy in the scene "Sometimes it seems that Pasolini tries to play along with the homosexual angle to thumb his nose critics, and at other times, because he loves that aspect of himself, no matter what his listeners might prefer. <br /> <br /> disjointedness with 9 or 10 different stories in Pasolini's "Decameron" struck me as a failed Pasolini as a storyteller, not a facet of neo-realism. He seems bored every story, so he wraps them quite flimsy and with little conviction. Even the final line of Pasolini's dialogue in the film is that some people seem to find meaningful ( "Why create a work of art, if you dream about it so much sweeter?") - for me it just makes me wonder why Pasolini would bother to make the film, when he felt this way? In my opinion, it is much better to create a film (and more homosexual content) is Fellini's "Satyricon". It is also full of amazing people and look ridiculous situations, but it can not because of its stimulation of a strong direction and the narrator, while the "Decameron" fails the same elements.
