None movie with Madeline Carroll in a cast could not be unwatchable. Nevertheless, I must add that the British film approaches. The story takes place aboard the SS 'Atlantic' and is based on the `Titanic unfinished voyage. The word `unsinkable" said liner struck an iceberg, and we hear the heavenly choir sings' Nearer My God to Thee. " Convicted passengers eventually take over the national anthem, a reasonable sound a little work. But the year of release of the film (one thousand nine hundred twenty-nine) means that the modern viewer must otherwise take a primitive sound and many of the existing conventions of silent film and on stage. This is not a problem. The main drawback of the film is, and ECS has been well developed in Silents. However, if the dialogue was taken to a realistic speed, while the film will be cut in half. The intended effect was drama (and clarity in the new environment), but accidents still tedious. The structure of the film is inappropriate illogical and inept. Paradoxically, I found some details edit fairly modern equipment in order abrupt cuts from one area to another ship, sometimes even sound effects. Despite the fact that we are on board the 'Atlantic' with the first shot, we were more than 4 minutes into the film, before I discovered this fact. There are long, obsessive musical excerpts of pop orchestra of the ship. (Fascinating, easy sound.) Personal stories are presented in a completely uninvolving and unconvincing manner. Do not even think the spectacle. Berg tiny thing and appearance of damage it does to the ship's hull is a minor dent. However, passengers swarmed the scene in lifeboats - just put on a real ship, allegedly tied to a dock - to generate a lot of excitement. Apart from the glorious Miss Carroll, these sequences are only the point of the film excellence. In movies and on the ship near its end, the screen is completely black a few times when the generators begin to fail. Their latest, the eternal darkening of the end of the film, with the setting / rising tacked clumsy symbolic effect. `Atlantic» is a movie curiosity. In the best case. <br /> <br />
