I like a good, which is slowly moving drama. Christmas in August, Chungking Express, Virgin Stripped Bare By Bacalar her way home, Springtime in bi Small Town, Hana, est.Po man Woman doll, the Mood for Love, and Spring Summer Autumn Winter Spring all nice movies ?? just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there are many films as part of the dramatic genre, who are trying to ride the coattails of good movies and not allowing personal statement currently of interest. This is what I call Ian movies ?? "Baffling Art Nonsense." Tsai Ming-liang king of this subgenre, and Vive L'Amour his "masterpiece." In fact, it's the cream of the crap swarming garbage disguised as "art." People go from door to door, to drink water, walk back and forth waiting for payphones to become vacant, hang posters, staple papers together, going to the toilet, eat, push-ups, sex , slapping mosquitoes, etc. I 'not kidding when I say that this is an accurate overview of the entire film, which is the quintessence of meaninglessness posterchild arthouse debris. There's no plot, no story, entirely interesting and notable events, no emotion, no constructive dialogue and, most importantly ?? no drama. <br /> <br /> The most intense scenes of events has two people "knock" on a man masturbating under the mattress bed ?? Paradoxically, it is also completely tasteless and gratuitous. Relationship characters on the bed almost non-existent. Tsai, apparently, did not want anything to communicate to the viewer about these other than the obvious fact that they love people "explosion." The man under the bed as a one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, passionately with melons, and pat yourself. Tsai This idea of ​​"character development." Indeed erroneous "entertainer" in fact. <br /> <br /> true Tsai contribution to Vive L'Amour, perhaps the most shocking scene in the history of art-house cinema. He first shows lead actress go all the way from one end of the park to the other for 285 seconds in a row, and only then show her crying hysterically ?? for absolutely no reason ?? for an additional 356 seconds at a time. The film then ends abruptly. It makes no sense. A lot of entertainment. Only the pure, concentrated torture by the viewer. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to beat a dead horse. The main theme of loneliness carpeted so much that the only real feeling of the film is that of boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa provides much more exposure to loneliness in his film Kairo horror. And guess what? It's actually fun! This film moves as slow as molasses in January, but there are more effective ways to address the concept of loneliness than complete waste, known as Vive L'Amour. Kairo is an excellent example of this. <br /> <br /> Moviegoers can thank Tsai Ming-liang to direct this film, as he gave irrefutable proof that the art-house cinema can be as bad as it did B- Class, made-for-television horror movie. Art-house snobs now officially lost its pedestal complacency. The quality level of your precious genre now covers films like Army of Darkness and ?? suffocation! ?? Showgirls. How do you like them apples?
