I mainly film production in Wright State University in Ohio, and yesterday I unfortunately gave an opportunity to observe this god-awful film in class. We were informed by our professor, it would be very funny to us, but the reason we saw it because it was one of the first sound films. - a complete disaster <br /> <br /> The problem with early sound films that Hollywood actors knew how to make silent films, and they were not good at memorizing lines. Therefore, producers and directors will look at the scene to get an actor. It seems like a great idea, is not it? Well, kind of acts one does not come on the scene too well on film. Most of the actors in the "Atlantic" looks and sounds as they act in combination, resulting in a large number of hearty laughter to the overproduction of action. Another limitation of early sound film became microphone technology. You could not move the microphones as you can today, you had to keep them static or would pick up the sound of air moving through. Was usually one microphone is used in a particular scene in the movie. In one particular scene, there is a man who sits at the table. Someone walking right up to him and delivers his line, and then leaves. Another actor comes out of it, he delivers his line, and then leaves. It happens like this for a couple more people. The microphone is obviously right on the people at the table, which makes for a funny carousel actor. <br /> <br /> This is just a technical problem. If you get into the story and direction, then it gets even worse. History fictionalized account of what happened on the Titanic. Symbols and incredibly pointless. A "history" of a man cheated on his wife and teenage daughter, does not take place in the film. He barely resolved and leaves you wondering why it was there in the first place. Lousy attempt at high drama, the actors will take a lot of time, pregnant pauses between lines many times. It's tedious, and you can not wait for this 90 minutes (feels like 180, at least) a movie to get more from. I will not talk a lot about racism at this time in our country, but it really hurt me, there were only two blacks in the entire film, and they were depicted as animals. They both pushed the woman and child to try to get into one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or be shot, and they are certainly not as they were shot. I was shocked. <br /> <br /> I give this film 2/10. I would give it 1/10 (the lowest rating possible), but I gave him an extra point because it was one of the first sound films, and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see a good early sound film, check the "blackmail" of Alfred Hitchcock, who also came out in 1929. You will find that the best directors were able to adapt to the new technology immediately.
