For me, the poor, lame movie Loot. With A-List gypsum, in particular, three wires and experienced dissident director like Spike Lee, I expected a lot more, and in the end felt that was delivered a little to add to this movie subgenre. For starters, I do not like going to the cinema, from the raison d'etre of a piece MASTERMIND Clive Owen to the camera, without the need to re-signing with and then find a story filled confusing, not to say impossible seeming interview witnesses, and then find themselves leapt into scenes you feel started earlier. Of course, working fluid around the camera in constant motion, and include hand-held camera shots-plenty, but director Lee can not deliver the thrill or suspension, falls mainly on something of the key characters in the film do not. Denzel Washington is difficult with clothes and teases jive talk of "Shaft A" film Thirty - Five years ago (he even said that "no one understands him but his woman", what happens is a lot of it "hot" girlfriend, baiting her with some completely raw and unacceptable "dirty-talk") and its soft «in The Heat of The Night» riff from Willem Dafoe (almost bit part) is barely a ripple. Clive Owen plays a character from a decidedly English accent even we have believed in the data bases of the Arab gang, also prevents to play 90% of the film with a mask on his face. Jodie Foster delivers another of her patented concealed, ice maiden, south of Clarice Starling is both well connected to the financial generosity of the hunter, if you want to little effect. Overall, it's a real mess of a movie, with a slight but obvious twist at the end, in fact, gives its title from the beginning, the fan spoiler. The worst scene (of many), no doubt, Washington-interview witnesses, incredibly, with an 8-year-old street child, although Owen dialogue with those same children minutes before it starts close embarrassed rates. In the film, the joke makes reference to the characters in the classic Heist films as "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon" - but there is no honor in self-praise. More like a «The Hot Rock» instead ... and even that was good for a few laughs.
