Film: There are some very interesting comments on IMDb about this movie. It's really awful. Not enough money is spent on a movie, and Spike Lee made it seem, the combination of indie film and action flick. Characters / Cast: Denzel did "EXACTLY" what he does in every film, so it's no surprise there. Here's a little mind game for readers. Quick thinking 10 Denzel movies. Now count how many of them, in which he played a cop / detective / bodyguard, anything. Clive Owen, Hmmmmmm, this guy needs to be a better role at ease in the near future. His best performance was, I think, that «Beyond Borders». In addition, he has done quite a lot of the same thing as it does in every film as well. His tone and manner of speaking was very similar to what he did in "Sin City." Of course, this guy knows acting, he does not know the best way to select the roles. He desperately needs a better agent. Jodie Foster was brilliant in the film, when you see it for the first time in his life. She did better. It was a better role. It happens in Hollywood that even the biggest stars are falling on my knees and pick up the low-class role as Jodie Foster in the movie. Plot: The plot is not confused, in fact, I could think of such a plot, in fact, the entire film, taking a dump after a good big Chinese dinner. I mean come on, **** SPOILER ON THE WAY ----> I'm tired of unnecessary Haulocast Racism and tokens. A film about bank robbers, so put Haulocast Racism and there, it's nice to try to play with people's emotions, working for someone else? The police do not ya let bank robbers are going to think that they were held hostage? Riiiiiiight, please, we're talking about the US police and security forces here. No one could find out where Clive was, I mean, they did not find anything else to this room. Who you are we kidding? Conclusion: Of course, going to watch this movie, if anything, you'll have a good time talking to you, my friends, how bad the movie was. At least people will not think you're stupid enough to go see this movie, because they think that you went to see, because he has a big star of «Mistake».
