I have seen most of the work Ryuhogo Kitamura and I came to the conclusion that he has the talent to act. Scenes kinetic and fast often combines elements of martial arts, gun battles and samurai fighting with camera work that effectively captures the carnage on the screen. With «Versus» and «Aragami» Kitamura demonstrated that creativity and showed that he did more than capable of working with a low budget. So what happened to the "Live"? To be more blunt, the answer would be - nothing. Nothing happened in the "Live" it was two hours, plus a film with little or no action and almost no plot and characters. <br /> <br /> borrowed from comic books Tsutogo Takahashi "Alive" is the study of the life of one with TENS Yasir (by Hideo Sasaki) on death row convict, who survives his execution. He then gave the choice to either retry or put themselves in the amazing series of experiments. He chose the latter, and shortly thereafter placed in the room with the abuser, and then to a woman infected with a strange parasite, which in return grants humanity host of supernatural forces. Naturaly at some point, the parasite enters Yasir, the bad thing is that it is not going to happen very quickly. <br /> <br /> Like the «Aragami», «Live» is set in the first half of the establishment of the main exhibition. Characters are, their motivations and their established relationships with each other are disclosed. All this is happening even in only one set. The first major problem of this comparison is that while «Aragami» was only 70 minutes of the movie "Alive" will be delayed, thus more than two hours, which makes a first part for one hour in length. This length may be justified were the characters have been made a little more interesting, but unfortunately it is not. Dialogue dry, homogeneous, delivered without any sense of emotion or depth of, the characters are not very interesting. There were some small attempts to create a "live" a little more ambiguous morality, but in the end it came down to the classics; bad government against the people, super-powered hero, which yes you guessed it, saves the girl in the end. As I have already said that almost the entire film takes place only in one set, and after two hours, it does get sad, even worse stage design itself was not even interested to begin with, and does nothing to improve other aspects of the film. <br /> <br /> now, after the first part is over, you might think that Kitamura, at least, do some entertaining scenes, to make for a sad beginning. Unfortunately, this is not the case. Only two fights actually paraphrasing similar battle of Hollywood movies, complete with bullet time effects and psychic powers. They're just not interesting and fun, Kitamura of creativity «Versus» left, even a small set of limits it is often very impressive camera-work, and it all comes down to common and expected a fight, a shame really. <br /> <br /> It is obvious, "the Aragami" was better on all accounts and "Kitamura" learned something from the "Live". So it was not, at least, a complete loss of viewing this film. If only to understand the mistakes are made, how to fix them, and create a more entertaining film.
