This is a silent film. Maybe my opinion will not be as severe, if the film did not promise so much, but I just felt that this film has changed and played me for a fool at every turn. <br /> <br /> I did not have any beef with the current, but I thought that the characters were terrible. The film begins with the symbol Clive Owen tells us that he is a criminal mastermind, and how he had planned the perfect bank robbery, that he often reminds us later. Oh yeah, he also tells us that he is in a prison cell, although it is a dumb metaphor. Any fool knows that the best bank robbery is one where the minimum number of things can go potentially so, and you are long gone before the police appear. But the scheme requires Clive Owen stuck in the bank for a few hours - for no reason, but the stalk around and look scary, as far as I'm concerned. It must also monitor the hostages and negotiating with the cops, and most bizarrely of all, perform the work This-Old-House in the pantry of the bank and hide there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a bucket to urinate) and then slip again. Yes, sure, sounds like the perfect crime to me, Clive! The plan has so many moving parts, and that the only reason she did not collapse was the writer said so <br /> <br /> And there's a lot of obscure details :. Why are the police so convinced that the crooks had accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is Jodie Foster's character, and why it is so important that it has the mayor in her errand, and she should not tell Denzel Washington its agenda, because "it is above his pay scale?" How dumb these cops, they may not understand one guy who spoke a foreign language for a few hours does not sound gang were planning a robbery? As the robbers escape, and why Clive Owen to stay for a week? How did they know about the past chairman of the bank, as well as the number and the contents of his safe? Why the hell would miss Clive Owen, Jodie Foster, or the cops? So if they make AK-47s toys that look real close? How the hell did you bug box with pizza, anyway? Clive Owen was able to slip out of the protected area of ​​the bank during working hours, unnoticed? Is indifferent criminal really feel quite connected with this cop Denzel slip him a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions have not always answered. There are films that reach the depths, leaving you to wonder about the events that are taking place behind the scenes, but I never felt this way about Inside Man. He felt like a scene that explains these things were cut from the film, and these questions were never any answers in the first place, and it is weak. Particularly annoying character Jodie Foster, who would not disclose what it does, but never seem to tire of reminding us how important it is. We just have to take her word for it, I think. <br /> <br /> The only reason why I gave the film two stars, I laughed at the "taxi" Denzel and "Pina Colada" gags, and the baby challenging video games. In addition, this film has no redeeming features.
