It seems to me that the pen name of Stephen King's "Bachman" was a way for him to put out some darker, raw, more vile things that he wanted to write without "polluting" his "brand". If you look at "Bachmann Book» (Running Man, The Long Walk, road works, Thinner) You will notice that they have encapsulated the feeling of stuffiness and hopelessness about them that is different from the main king. I understand that we are talking about a guy whose first novel featured humiliated, bloody, emotionally crippled teenage girl slaughtering everyone in her high school prom ... but there is always the mainstream King characters and story elements that leaven Grimness with little production, and mostly have endings that offer at least a glimmer of hope and human feelings. BACHMAN book simply means, and always ends badly. (By the way, «Pet Semetary» could easily book Bachmann, when the king did not disclose an alias at the time. And the "dark half" seems to be at least partially about his person "Bachmann».) <br /> <br /> «Thinner» Bachman was the last book, and the man with his themes of class struggle, revenge and death from starvation, it is ugly. It should not be a surprise that the film is his example. <br /> <br /> What is a surprise that the device seems to be shot on «TV Movie of the Week" level of talent, not something worthy of film distribution. (In those days, something like this would probably go straight to DVD or cable). Make-up work and a wonderful motif (starvation amidst plenty, metaphor overfed undernourished American middle class, if there ever was one), all that keeps you watching this misfire. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? My first thought is that the director is going for a disgusting Bachmann Wiebe, but he also somehow sucked all the interest from the film with a poor choice of casting - actors here (except Joe Monetegna) simply can not carry the movie, and then he flattened warmth and life to the rest of the film with the uncomfortable stimulation and the structure of the scene. In addition, he could not leave the land alone, and the changes are not very helpful. The script and the dialogue must work, but most of the film just lies. All muffled, dull, airless, and no fun not playing ... with a bright sight except the main character becomes thinner .... and thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others have shown, «Thinner» is not the worst film King ever did (or even the second-worst). And he has a terrible, compelling fascination thanks to the theme and careful make-up work. But the first time viewers have to approach it with lowered expectations.
