No, I have not read the novel by Stephen King «Thinner», but I choked down version of the film. Horror movies are an acquired taste. Conventional films give the audience the hero, to be welcomed, as it seeks to achieve the goal. In horror movies, the audience are invited to enjoy the death of characters. The director Tom Holland's low in fat, but tasteless revenge cooler "solvent," no one wins and everyone deserves a bite, which is put on them. Gluttonous New England lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke with "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Despite the fact that he's swinging the bathroom weight of 300 pounds, he appears to be happily married with trim, refined wife Heidi (Lucinda Jenney with «GI Jane») yeast teenage daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat does not mean stupid here. Halleck shows his insight into the court, if he wins acquittal sleazy Mafia chieftain Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna with the "House of Games"). On the way home from a triumphant pain, Billy gets old gypsy woman who crosses the street and kills her. The cover-up going on, and friends Halleck to release him from the soup. Unhappy gypsy father Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine «Skidoo») takes revenge with a curse on the fertile lawyer and two city officials who acquitted him. Hallki suddenly manifest themselves not to shed pounds, no matter how much he chomps chow. If he asks for a vengeful Gypsy, to lift the curse, the old man refused. Desperately, Hallki turn to Ritchie. While struggling with the gypsies Hallki to remove the hex, he learns that his faithful wife has turned his attention to bump the city physician. <br /> <br /> «Thinner» qualifies as not only a ridiculously inept horror film, but the filmmakers also hope to stereotypes of men and women. Meanwhile Holland, director of «Play of the child" (1988), and screenwriter Michael McDowell, served up a sloppy script that you can not enjoy watching Billy get his just desserts and dry. «Thinner» has several bumps and fewer surprises. The filmmakers may have spat King novel, but they are independently fillet sense of horror and humor it contains. Holland McDowell and enter symbols, such as the mafia, then inexplicably let them off the hook. One minor character shows long enough to die and there is a chicken's head, stuffed in his mouth. <br /> <br /> stereotyped behavior characters may offend viewers, too. «Thinner» reflects women as hypersexuality foxes and men like pigs. If Hallki their way home from the hospital, it is a sports car of his doctor to the parking lot at his house. His suspicions ripen in jealousy, and he is preparing a scheme to get the curse transferred to the wife. Even premature termination is not a satirical flavor. Oscar-winning special effects master Greg Kenny with "Van Helsing" and makeup artist Bob Laden to do a fabulous job strengthening actor Robert John Burke to look obese. They are successful, too, making it dry. <br /> <br /> Only a die-hard Stephen King fans will be able to digest this misogynist gooledyspook.
