Is there really do not know where to start with one of the worst films I've had the displeasure of watching for a very long time. From the installation, which was quite obvious and clear to all who have been in London for 1 day even agree ... was not London. For so inexplicably, like a character in a snipe managed to flee the country back to the US without a single problem. He then convinces the girl and her grandmother to visit him in America, both on the ground and grandmother agree that ... he is a murderer! Well, that's ending, as the course of the film, but, unfortunately, is not much better. We have a British police car driving amazing band, I'm sure it was the eightieth Vauxhall Belmont, who drove a taxi after a property transfer, but the modern Subaru Imprezza escorting a prison van in a few scenes before. SO19 or someone pulled a gun hand MET they tried to portray happily running around the streets with guns, made chasing after Snipe along with the CIA. Were the children go, but the police still that they had a clear shot to shoot him, it takes place in London? No, no, I live there. We also have a very improbable journey from central London to the airport (Heathrow say for the sake of argument) within 5 minutes after receiving the call. We also have a terrible American accent, a young girl who posher, than the queen, but lives in the Elephant & Castle. What does that say to the British police, as helicopters and a number of officers on the spot snipe snipe can not find, and he was able to evade capture by hiding in a few steps? The train station was obviously not even on British soil and fight sound effects were terrible. The plot was also very poor, boring, and was written and filmed a lot better a thousand times. But there were few known actors cast in this movie than they thought, and please do not let it swing to watch this movie! This movie seems to know what he wanted to be, if you are going to focus on the dramatic aspects of the consequences of the property transfer, you need a strong hard story with believable landscapes and settings, is that the viewer has time to accept and appreciate, and if you get it wrong, you'll notice. If you want all of the film's action (which is not), then the continuity and decorations can be put aside.
