And finally, the old, old Michael Corleone falls and goes "thump! Who really made the record for the latest installment of the saga of the Godfather? Probably the same staff, which makes the" As the World Turns. "This film does not deserve the title of" The Godfather "on all. Let's call this "Cosas Our Nostras» or «all my capo." as someone who has faced a series of mafia people in my business life, I can say without exception that I have never met a thug as internally conflicted and contemplative, as Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the mafia just because they are greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone is spending a lot of time thinking about their past deeds and his bleak future, perhaps even Afterlife, then recovered remarkably quickly to pull off some fantastic business deal or order the death of one or one as a big-time operator of it, deeply. Then, there is his failed marriage. After the collapse of the scenes in the G2, we hope that Michael and Kay reunite as husband and wife, but here they seem to have just become very good platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about his life. It's as if the writers are trying to make Michael a woman. This is strange behavior for two people who share a passion matrimonial bed for 9 years. There's some miscasting here and there, or perhaps they are the sins of authorship. Poor, old-country beautiful Sofia Coppola hopeless difficult role, too many short lines in the movie that does not correspond to what young woman would speak in casual conversations - was given "comments" and not a "line" in the emotion. Its "hot" lovemaking scene with Andy Garcia looks like something from a bad teenage sex comedy as they chew their open mouthed kiss and fondle each other back to the kitchen, like puppets Drainboard ... buffet sex was lifted up from the amazing Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, but this is just ridiculous here. Then there is the character of Andy, Vinnie Mancini, who also gave a hard and thankless role. He was waiting for, I think, will be the new, the new Don Corleone, but he almost gave a job on a silver platter and should do little to strengthen their position, as opposed to simultaneous hits by Michael on all 5 families in G1. This hand-me-down process can be a certain way transfer of power in a mafia family, but why did so much of this sad routine? Of course, Don Vincent can earn the respect of his fellow mobsters ever, but there is little open nature of the script, to give us a portrait of the young man, unfortunately. Puzo did such a fine job quickly and concisely developing character Michael in G1. But, G3 has no economy is speaking and we suffer through the elongated expositories, as we just do not want to take a nap. Third, George Hamilton also handed a thankless task, taking over as the family lawyer after Robt Duval reportedly rejected a third party, like Tom Hagen. George wisely underestimated the role, so he went out without prejudice to the actor. Character development Horses Corleone interesting but he goes too far when it becomes murderous matters into their own hands (it may well end up sleeping with Fredos, if this is the real world). But it's not so bad. The murder scene in the hotel's penthouse has a lovely! In addition, "they continue to pull me back," or words to that effect is a great line. And we have to restore some of the old country feel as we get to return to Sicily, even if it is done in 1989, and they have modern cars & haircut. plot line involving corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church is quite interesting, since it is based on some real financial fraud at Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but it brought too far, again, too spectacular scenes of death, etc. The Grand opera scene is very dramatic and well photographed. But the death scene of Mary until the end of the unbalanced attempts at emotional manipulation, at best. All writers need to learn that we do not always need more and more death to bring the mafia film to a successful conclusion. You feel sorry for Kay, her daughter died, she plays her grief as well, but the reaction of Michael exaggerated, unnatural, unnatural. Then Michael dies somewhere in the 21 th century, in Sicily, in the solitude of the large estate, heart failure -... Sun grandson to play with before his death, we are not married does not upset him. What should have happened in the last half of the film Michael tracked down someone like Rudy Guilliani, put on trial, his family's dirty little sleazy businesses and bloodthirsty remission brought to the light of day, Michael then convicted on RICO statutes, and sent to the Federal prison for life ... if he could keel over dead from a heart failure during cleaning floor Leavenworth. Here's how the mafia dons ended his career in the late '80s and early' 90s, and they got much better treatment than they deserve.
