Near the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III," the son of Michael Corleone wants to leave law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want this. But his ex-ex-wife, Kay, manages to convince him to let Anthony Corleone to make music the way he wants. So he does. <br /> <br /> It seems a strange way to start a review as it is a trifle site and has nothing really to do with the main action. Just bear with me here; You see where I'm going with it in the end. Now let me tell you about a large area. We are talking about Michael Corleone wants to quit the crime for the benefit of (he pretty much gave up all criminal elements in his family's business). But then along Vincent Mancini, the illegitimate nephew, who is involved in the feud. So, of course, Michael has to withstand another brush with crime and armed violence, and all that good stuff gangster. Meanwhile, Vincent has a half-incestuous affair with Michael's daughter Mary. Oh, and Michael Kay and trying to patch up all the terrible things that happened at the end of the second part. <br /> <br /> It's like a soap opera. A horrible, horrible, 169 minutes of a soap opera. Gone are any kind of sophistication, romance and emotional significance, which made the first two films hit home so hard. After a break of 16 years in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola set mess sop pretentiousness and completely irrelevant from the first two films, once again proving that his last great work, "Apocalypse Now" as early as the 1970s. <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical continuation of "The Godfather :. Part II" Michael is a very different person. He did not just go to seed (which may be legal, even if it would not be fun to watch). He became a sweetie who is trying to fix all the tragedy that took Part II of this devastating masterpiece. His confession the priest was bad enough, but it is not enough diabetes attack in the middle pushed him to nauseating. He also gets along with Kay! For heaven's sake, there is absolutely no way that would happen since the second film made absolutely clear! She interrupted his child, and his Sicilian upbringing made him despise her for it. Nha Francis Ford Coppola even think about these things? <br /> <br /> And do not even get me started on Mary and Vincent work! For romance so proscribed, it was shockingly unengaging. acting Sofia Coppola has done nothing to help. She made a smart move of her life, when she moved from in front of the camera to behind it, because it was probably the worst actress I've ever seen in the nominees for Best Picture. Every line she put painfully memorized, and each time the drama was lying on her acting ability, everything that she called ridiculous giggles. In the climactic scene - I will not go into details, but you will know what scene I'm talking about when / if you look at it - she looks at Michael and says: "...... Daddy?" I think, I had to cry, but the line was set so bad, I broke out into a long, loud laugh! <br /> <br /> Now we get to the climax, and now you will understand also why I took the time to begin a review with a description of the musical ambitions Anthony Corleone. After 140 minutes of drama and petty insignificant accidents, Anthony Corleone returns ... to the opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent go to see him, and for about 10-15 minutes, a couple of killers walking around, trying to kill Michael. About this climactic sequence, I have to say one thing: It was really good! But not because of the killers - they were pretty boring. I just really liked the opera. He had some great music and a really big set pieces. And from what little he has shown us, it seemed that history had echoes of the origin of the Corleone family. I bet it was one bulge opera, and I'll bet Michael Corleone was glad that he allowed his son to pass from the law school of music <br /> <br /> My biggest wish is:. What Francis Ford Coppola was just filmed opera Anthony Corleone for 169 minutes, and destroyed the rest of the sad melodrama. Better yet, I wish he did not «The Godfather: Part III» at all. Part II has given us a great ending. This branch was self-indulgent and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not an instinctive reaction to the film. I watched all three Godfather movies more than a month ago (although I was rewatching first). Moreover, it means that my expectations for Part III of the Sun welled up (in fact, I set the bar pretty low for him after what I've heard), but it also means that I was a good time to think about all three films. While I was a bit disappointed at first Part II, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed. But Part III, it was bad to begin with, it is even worse, the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people stop with the first part, but when they see Part II, and they are likely to go to Part III. If you have a desire to watch parts I & II and pretend as part III never existed.
