The Godfather Part I was sweeping views within the fictional Corleone family and as an innocent young man all but forced circumstances, he never wanted to part. The Godfather Part II shows that the adoption of a young man on his new role, he desensitization nature, as well as its complete loss of innocence as he plunges deeper and deeper into a life of crime. The first two parts of this saga of this transformation of Michael Corleone to make for one of the greatest tragedies in the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Then, along came The Godfather III. Michael Corleone is now an aging Don Corleone family. He shows remorse for his previous actions than through subtle behavior, but trying to use their powers for good and to recognize all his misdeeds and regrets other. Very uncharacteristic stamp and complex character that Michael Corleone. Michael plans to use his powers for the good to be thwarted an ambitious young student and his enemies. Michael's daughter end up a victim of ongoing wars and the crowd her death predictably leads to Michael, knowing that his whole life, as Don was useless for him did not work in one, and that was the reason for putting yourself in the position he was in :. protect his family <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part II ends with Michael Corleone reaching the lowest lows: having your own brother killed. Before Part III has been made, the Godfather saga was emotionally exciting story about the journey of an innocent young man in the dark with an incredibly tragic end Michael forgetting his roots and giving up one thing, which is always the most important thing for him and the people around him: family loyalty. Part III paints a picture of Michael, as someone who has always been a victim of circumstances. It distorts the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part III is a terrible mess of a film that was never made. The only solution to the problem, this is the final part of the movie The Godfather is to pretend that it does not exist, and that in fact the saga ends shockingly terrible act of Michael presence of a family member killed.
