If Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Dietrickson) answers the door of his house wrapped in a towel, you understand that as a competent actress as Eggar may be, it does not have the hypnotic appeal of Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not quite Eggar wine in. In the original film, Wilder was Stanwyck does not appear only in a towel, but she takes the stage on the second floor balcony of the house. And it is not "out"; it appears as if by magic. Walter Neff looks at it from the bottom on the ground floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck much higher than Neff (MacMurray), when they are first introduced. This is not only a towel. Towel adds to the seductive appeal. Her pose as a Greek goddess with a view of its domain, and, in a strange way, you feel as if from the very beginning, it actually control the whole situation. She has a sexy, even magic force. This man is not an ordinary housewife. This man is a mystery secret hidden inside. <br /> <br /> By 1973, a remake of the tilt knock at the door. understudy Stanwyck in Eggar, answers the door with a towel around her. There's no "appearance." It just opens the door. Tempting excellence that captures the audience at the first appearance Stanwyck in 1944 is completely absent in 1973. It opens the door with a towel around her. This can be sexy Charlie's Angels kind of way, but it's not so mysterious. The creators of the remake of the movie seems to understand the point of Wilder. The script could have said, "Phyllis is in the towel", so the filmmakers remake simply follow the instructions and include the necessary towel. It's not in the towel. The matter is a mysterious quality Phyllis and potential power it possesses. Wilder gave her a towel to add its mystery. The creators of the remake of the film gave her a towel, because it's what made Wilder. And in the choice of shots, I lost all the mystique of Phyllis. <br /> <br /> tilt also seems miscast. He seems as if he "acts" and not really in the midst of this dilemma. Part of the problem is that the slope is so much like the 70s actor. He can not get into the 1940s. If MacMurray first speaks into the microphone, then it begins to drip from his face. A lot of sweat on the slope. And they also change one of the most important lines in the beginning. In the original, Neff says, "I did not get the money, and I did not get this woman." In version 1973, the slope saying: "I did not get the money, and I do not want women" Maybe the filmmakers fully understand the whole point of the story. ? Or they were dumbing down for the "TV" viewers? <br /> <br /> It made for television film is a color reproduction by-the-numbers. All sharp edges of the original are lost. Only eye-catching, it is probably the Lee J. Cobb in the role made famous by Edward G. Robinson. But he can not save the original intensity loss. This 1973 remake boring forgettable TV film shot, probably by the same people who made "Gilligan's Island." They may have also attempted to remake the "Citizen Kane" or "Gone With the Wind." If mediocrity is the best we can hope for is that the point? 1944 classic film with a capital letter «F». This is done for TV remake deserved estimation «F», or may be, «D» for silent.
