This 1973 remake of the classic 1944 Billy Wilder film "Double Indemnity" is a textbook example of how to destroy a great script. This grade-B TV fodder also illustrates the folly of remakes in general. While Hollywood has gone after the greedy managers, colorize black-and-white films and sought rejection on widescreen movies, which are shown on the pan-and-scan version, the industry ignored the strange things that are insisting on the adoption of the classic film, and reduce it to a bad remake . <br /> <br /> The first step in the production of bowdlerized version of the classic is to edit the script. Work Billy Wilder-Raymond-Chandler has been reduced by half an hour to match the finished film in a specified time interval with room for advertising. Then upgrade the production of soft, color photography, intelligent, high-end sets and TV actors familiar. Thus, an entirely new "Double Indemnity" eliminates atmospheric black-and-white film noir cinematography, enhancing mood and characterization of the original. Gone are the dusty, dark, claustrophobic sets, which explain the protagonist wants to avoid situations at all costs. Gone are close relationship between Casey and Neff and erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Jack Smythe kind of taking on the "Double Indemnity" more "Dynasty" than film noir. Phyllis Dietrickson design home to die, and comfortable pillow Neff would be hard to imagine on the payroll of the insurance agent, not to mention the sports Mercedes convertible that he manages. Neither character has any obvious motive for murder, for a measly $ 200 000. If there is no money, then probably kill for love or lust? Not in this version. Tilt shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kisses as raunchy as between brother and sister. Tilt can not capture the cynicism Neff, and his attempt to double entender and sexual innuendos submit terribly flat. Eggar little better and lacks sensuality and depth to provide the inner workings of supposedly cunning and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb manages commendable performance as the Keys. Directed by Jack Smythe and his three directors have done much better work. <br /> <br /> There was no conceivable reason to make this unfortunate remake except for the time of filling in the schedule broadcast. There was no conceivable reason to resurrect the dud on DVD and package it with the original film, except to fill a double-disc package. The only lesson to be learned from this misfiring, even a great script and a great dialogue can be destroyed with a bad cast, lackluster direction and value of the TV production class. 1973 "Double Indemnity" should be called "10% Coverage," because his view only emphasizes the perfection of 100% of the original film.
