Murder and insurance fraud to take the wrong couple to "end of the line» ... <br /> <br /> TV was visually vulgar in the early 1970s, and it is truncated, made-for-TV knock-offs hurt my eyes. It can not be compared with the 1944 Billy Wilder Film Noir classics as anyone in their right mind should know -sight unseen-, but it does not mean that this update should be considered as a separate entity, either. Although based on the original script the Paramount, there in half an hour and cut bland indifference director making what's left will soon be forgotten. With rare exceptions, the younger generation was not fun to watch old black and white movies on TV in 1973 (still true today, unfortunately), so it's sinister, compelling story was new to the vast majority of the audience; whereas now, the rules of the ratings and was cashing in its sole raison d'etre of the drum. Gus Van Zandt remade Psycho Alfred Hitchcock for the same reasons, and if they redux led to the search of original movies or novels, the better. I loved the original novel by James M. Cain enough to tune in on the back, and then I enjoyed it a time capsule Curio second time for extended hair, halter tops, turban, ugly decor and lush brown locks "guest star» Samantha Eggar, that does not try too hard. The annex to the recognition of several side-cast from a childhood spent in front of the fools out of the tube, Lee J. Cobb was able to keep my interest as a tired, weary Keys, but the inclination to friendliness and harmless Walter Neff just reminded me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Improvement from the original was not, of course, was not going to rush to make a buck, but, instead of mindless, LLC, a new adaptation of the novel would be a new idea. Book of Cain is somewhat different from its celluloid incarnations and horrific shark fins at the end of the lunar killer. Completist me thankful this has accelerated «Me Decade» update was first included as part of the crowd RELEASE DOUBLE DVD, but the experience is not only made me a long time to see the original, he was nostalgic for me every episode is better to make Columbo series. I also flashed back to a very good 1973 ABC TV movie of the week, I have not seen since its original airing: LINDA John D. MacDonald starring beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless femme fatale who kills her lover (sexy John Saxon) wife, then framed her good-natured husband for a crime, and if I remember correctly, there is also an open end. As DOUBLE DAMAGES, it was in vain converted from a TV movie queen Virginia Madsen as the titular fox and Richard Thomas as a shy man.
