Oh, if I could give this trash less than one star! There were two little funny part of the whole movie, and it is! one was where a line or two of lyrics Do not worry, be happy snails was sung, and the other was where Roddy died from a roll of toilet paper and landed on his feet and legs spread so that all the rest of it landed on down hit him in the groin. That is, there was nothing more fun than, at least for me anyway! Doctornappy2 not right in saying, 'The supporters of quite horrible "Shrek" might enjoy, but fans of "Wallace and Gromit" are likely to turn away in disgust. As I have loved Shrek January 2 and 3, and I love Wallace & Gromit . you see, what it boils down to the fact that if the animation is done well, then it's definitely worth a look, this, however, was about as far from done well as you can possibly get! continuity errors were too large amounts. Some of them have shown the creators of this site other was not. I does not show all the others, but here are a few more to see: When a young daughter comes early in the film to catch the cell door comes down and the hook part, which is the case obviously goes around the round pen, thus effectively making sure that Roddy NOT he is able to go, and yet he makes it just right feet on it. at some point ruby ​​falls back Roddy and gets pushed in the air constantly Rita vessel moves forward. In the next scene Roddy caught him again. It's impossible. Seeing as the ship moves forward only place where Ruby was removed from under the back of the shirt Roddy is the only place where she could have been landed in the water, not in the hand to Roddy. I was the third one I'd like to mention, but I've forgotten. <br /> <br /> Too many, for lack of a better word, "jokes" were repeated in one form or another, there was not enough time to establish a connection with any of the characters, the characters were hollow, shallow and empty and the entire film left you desire .... wants to watch 85 minutes of anything else! Paint drying or grass are two great options!
