Very young Ginger Rogers sells quick jokes and liners with the enemy newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot in the 1933 murder mystery of the poverty of His cinematographer union Productions. The film begins with a rich businessman, taking the title from the garden on the roof of an apartment building high-rise, or is it from the apartment lover? Rogers actually has two identities at the beginning of the film, Miss Terry, secretary deceased victim, together with its newspaper byline Pat Morgan. Mistakenly calling his story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of rewriting became her newspaper, she was fired for her efforts when her boss finds out that he was scooped up with <br /> <br /> Here's a riddle. - it is open during the police inspector Russell (Purnell Pratt) investigation Harker's death, Terry / Morgan was hired as his secretary for three weeks. Why is this? After the fact, that would make sense that it has been there for a newspaper, but still? Evidence is reduced relative to the known associations Harker gangster convenient to live in the same house, but then again, that the association is not related to the time until all related to the janitor Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who does all the business cards with the snake, which takes place in HSSS, with the words "You will hear it" cut and paste a? Apparently, the hiss of the snake was the sound made by the radiator system of an apartment house, where Peterson used to transmission of the poisonous gas into the room of potential victims, such as Mrs. Kobe in the apartment below Harker But in answer to the question of the death of inspector Russell Mrs. Kobe, he said. "apparently" really strangling <br /> <br. /> these are rather contradictory plot points that made this movie several unsatisfactory for me. Revelation janitor Peterson as the bad guy in this part comes in several heinous circumstances, as we see it things insensible body of Miss Morgan in the furnace waste building! However, and kill another point against the succession, we see Miss Morgan in the huge basement as Peterson lights the stove, she made her leave, but like all the same pretty as a picture and who gets to make the collar screen when no one else than the shy assistant police Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), which?. The opening scene, I fell of their own feet into the room. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, but also for all those reviewers who found the "screeching in the night" to be satisfactory detective novel, I feel that any of Charlie Chan film from the same era is a true "Suspicious "in comparison. If you need a reason to see the film, it would be Ginger Rogers, but keep in mind that she is not dancing.
