Just saw the preview screening today. What can I say? He lived up to his mediocre run of the trailer, although it does not say anything. He did absolutely nothing that any film before it did, and he played in such a cliché fashion, that I finally got to the point where I stopped laughing because I was laughing at the audience, and instead of letting mirthless film to play with. <br /> <br /> So let's see ... we have the main character less than spectacular, which is trying to get back with his ex-girlfriend, but he is not good enough for her check. We have three friends that all have their own "personality" one of which is the best friend, who is trying to get a girl's best friend of the main character, but always rejected, the other one being a super awkward one, who can not live down seeing the positive in everything 24/7 and thrown in to a single line (which in this case is just a bunch of movie references, particularly from Disney), and a third man, whose name you never remember, but there to complete the square and throw in a comforting message who will still listen to prov ... dig. We have a girl ex-boyfriend and her parents **** - block communication with any possible means, when everyone looks up, not to mention the awkward family members from the main character ... check. We have a period of Downer per hour in a movie, where each depression check. We have a "funny" moments of the film come from continuous cursing people fall or a blow, scenes from the trailer, and homosexual innuendo ... check. And dare I call it a spoiler, but we have an ending that is unfolding exactly as one thought it would unfold before watching the film ... check. <br /> <br /> To be honest, it can be ... NO wait ... had a PG-13 movie. All you need to drop some F-bomb. Honestly, I would have received much more publicity from the crowd, which uses this humorous view, would get less media exposure, and thusly would not be disliked as much by people like me who have to try and keep it up until recently, R-rated comedies as Superbad and knocked. Humor in this movie just so embarrassed that he did not fit into what common people are looking for. I bet even the actors were often unsettled with some of the dialogue and the action that they have been delivered to the chamber. Let's just say ... in the theater, it will help you to laugh, because it's on the big screen, and the others laugh. If this film hits the Showtime and you check it at 2:00 pm on the weekend, you may be tempted to change the channel. The only thing that will keep you watching this hotness Alice Eve (who are not quite 10 but still looks very good). <br /> <br /> In addition to the main resolution, this film pushed a lot of story to the curb, and seemed to have forgotten to write another story that they are trying to develop in the beginning of the film, which is still pretty much flies out the window. Thus, there is a resolution of the main, but what happens? It's never really clear, and do not allow the end to be "well-being" with suddenness. <br /> <br /> It was the only one that is worth anything in this film, and it was a good soundtrack. In addition to an excellent selection of the 90 alternative rock songs, there was a good upbeat account, which will be played in some parts of the film (especially its beginning) that reminds me of something David Holmes would confuse / folding. I'll give them props for a great selection of sound. <br /> <br /> One last thing, this film was made, probably somewhere in the end of last summer, as the unintended yet proud sponsor Pepsi showed yellow bottle cap, which they had during this promotion Rock Band. I just realized a lot of Rock Band players will catch on that one, if you've seen it. But I say to hold onto their money. If it was PG-13, and you were 15 years old on Friday evening with a group of friends, I would say, knock yourself with. Otherwise, be sure to give. He, and ideally it is not trying to compete with an R-rated movie in the last few years, of course, not so good.
