What the hell is this? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in the land Loony Tunes»? In the world of the thinnest, most actresses duck face (even a duck face and anorexia than Michelle Pfeiffer) overacts her bony example, making grimaces imbeciles, that would be a shame Bugs Bunny, one of the most vibrant non-animated television series ever. It is also the most irritating one o'clock-format TV show ever, so the worst. <br /> <br /> All the people act as the eyes, and I, for one, refuse to believe that even the hip big city of adventurers, criminals, all as a man delta-how in this abysmal (short) bundle. WUSS Peter MacNicol manages to be even more annoying than Calista Flockofducks with his fake «shshshs» Hollywood speech impediment: a kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter «S», turning it into an idiotic «SH», he loves John Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practice with diligence. Looking MacNicol speak, I always wonder, how did not dislocate his jaw ... Human anatomy face was never intended to support the pronunciation «SH» sound more than three times per second. He is a medical miracle. <br /> <br /> This is a poorly conceived and written legal drama / comedy solyanka also has some very 90th PC. She says political correctness with huge neon letters. Is there anything more unreal than a bunch of lawyer future full of ideals, principles and high moral standards? Funny, but that's the way defense lawyers have been portrayed in Hollywood since its inception. After all, what is more noble than to defend a murderer, a rapist or a thief? If the series as retarded as «Ally McBeak» begins to preach in America about how he should rule the country, then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack» is both a product and a recent large-scale Western dumbing down and blame it. <br /> <br /> These perceived risks "eccentricity" is incredibly annoying musical numbers, strikingly unconvincing and unfunny. This is not a Monty Python. Regardless of the "new" talent-free producers of this waste were aimed at, they could not with distinction. "Ally McBeak» is a highly commercial television companies aimed at indiscriminating yuppie, bored housewives, lawyers and bipolar. This is another stupid "objection is rejected resistant Your Honor, I can call witnesses" legalistic nonsense that the American public seems to have an appetite for some strange reason ...
