No, I'm just not going with him here. I refuse to go along with the program. Do not you imagine that maybe this film is only a little over-rated? Look at readers' comments and star ratings: Most of them are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is a case where ratings may say more about the people who make them than the film itself, which is unique. Like many other sexual fantasies about the simulated bestiality complete with horse collars have become major hits such as DVD folder names? I watched this film with a pervasive sense of waiting, waiting for the fireworks, but instead got some jerky Gucci shopping bag. It looked great, but as soon as the thrill had spent even a twist ending not do to keep it <br /> <br /> background film history says it all :. Director of the film about a 25-minute boundary hardcore fake bestial sex for another film, it is reported that the staff will not need to, set it aside, waiting for two or three years, a small number of critics to build up, and then builds a feature around which the 25 minutes, removing about 70 minutes in otherwise unrelated, painfully boring frames and inserts 25 minutes a piece Sci sequence. The fact that the 25 minutes of the film in question surprisingly strange, original and shocking premeditated, calculated so needless to say. But we are not here to assess that only 25 minutes, we have to consider the whole movie, and ask yourself why people are so enthusiastic about the film? Or they simply fascinated by this story and the story background was banned by people who have been so foolish as to take offense at this? <br /> <br /> This may be anti-clerical agenda that appeals to them. Western religions hate Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining bastions of intolerance socially acceptable - only became known today that the BBC broadcasts regularly warps their anti Christian and anti-Western sentiments in order to promote political correctness. You can say what you want about the Bible, pedopheliac priests institutionalized cruelty of the church, and how many white people and non-human religions suck the skin dimpled golf ball ... But to say one negative thing, not a pro-Western religions and you are toast. This film was made specifically for this mood, with a wrinkled old man who grew up a priest who has a very unhealthy relationship on the screen with two beautiful 14-year-old French boy, complete with inappropriate touch, fawning, petting, dig, touch and patting from the backside. Ewww. <br /> <br /> Finally, the clutch horse photographed at close range fetishistic detail, that portion of the film can be used as visual aids for biology class on animal husbandry. Yes, I understand, thematic relevance of imagery - a large animal phallus with an abundance of reproductive fluids is just waiting to be unleashed, as fire extinguishers - but if I wanted to see the horse, you know, to do this, I would like to go live farm. With his genitals in my face about as interesting as watching someone uses the bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this film a sort of artsy diversion for social deviants? Perhaps, though I'm just an artistic performance of most of them shot in a kind of artistic More euro, which even has a patchy forest pond right out of the picture of Mona, complete with a spanning arch bridge. And the ending (which even I could be surprised), not the kind of wrap it all in a neat, when a nasty package. But you must remember that there are certain things that can not be deconstructed for these design elements and many artists blame for their use in their work, to lend your kind of ambiguity that would not have been achieved without it. It's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood was the victim of desire with his new film on Iwo Jima. Whether or not his film any good stands as a separate consideration of whether it is a battle of the noble cause of fighting men who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to distinguish two aspects of the film and will be lining up to give him the Oscar for his noble message. - not because it is particularly good or original film <br /> <br /> While it may seem strange parallel, I see one of the beast: How can someone not see the basic beauty of nature in the form of two horses mating? And who can not see the logical culmination of the repressed sexuality of the tales in the explosive SETE-piece of the film, where Beauty and the Beast, finally, do the opposite? Some I managed to miss the two points, and I'm glad I saw this movie, so I can smash it as what it really is: a 25-minute or so eye opening over the top adult fairy tale imagery in the media 70 minutes skull drainingly sad pretentious-Fartsy Euro Trash dreck about some guy getting a haircut, and a big finale. It is an art for sure, but it sucks hard. <br /> <br /> 3/10
