Unfortunately, the film print we were going to see burns in the fire at Universal Studios last week, so we're stuck with the video. It may even be a metaphor for this second year of King Kong film from director tall Toho studios Ishirō Honda. In fact, it is warming up to "King Kong vs. Godzilla." He even uses the idea of ​​Mecha-Kong as Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the film ends with the King Kong fights Mecha Kong atop the tower Expo in Tokyo, but if you did not know that already, perhaps you are in the age group that the film was nominated. <br /> <br /> The cast is headed by a guy named Rhodes Reason, which we have never heard of ... looking at his list, I see mostly a lot of scattered US television credits, so it's interesting that they dragged him all the way to Japan so that they can have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is more sensitive Japanese commander plays Akira Takarada that I learned of Hiroshi Inagaki iconic version of «Chushingura» (47 Ronin), as well as from the original Godzilla film Honda. I'm sorry Rhodes Cause who you are, but this guy has a lot more presence on the screen, and you can bet that everyone wants to end up with a pretty blonde, played by Linda Miller. We laughed at the same time as Reason will always find a way to interpose themselves between Miller and Takarada that seemed that it seems preferable. Of course, as all the leading ladies Kong its main relationship with the king. She finds a good trick: if you talk to a giant ape really ..... really .... slowly ..... he will understand what you are saying. And if you're blonde Gal, which means that he will do whatever you tell him to do. This fact is not lost on Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Ham) - which is a "nation, which must not be named" - is planning to use her as bait to get Kong dig up the mineral deposits that are trapped in the North Pole <br / > <br /> Yes, it's really just the plot of the film -. apparently only giant ape will be able to dig out the minerals that can be used to make a super powerful weapon Doctor who builds Mecha-Kong, to get him, but. scheme gets in the way, so they decided to go for the real Kong. Sam Kong rents Smiling for a moment captured Mecha Kong, plot element that could make the film more interesting, but it was not more. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, a pretty blonde called "Kong" and "King Kong" in its cheerful voice so many times that when two heroes tell her to let him go at the end they say, for all of us. Basically the film squanders all that greatness was possible in the nature of the Congo, making him a heroic figure and friendly too early, as well as the newest version of the story. Kong just a guy in a suit in this film, and they show a lot of it to the point where Goofy face becomes impossible to take seriously. It's nice to watch a movie, I'm sure that it satisfies the requirement or desire to supporters of this kind of thing, which is actually more than a fight film monster movie in many ways. Monsters never really scare in these films, they just jump in and kick each other around a lot. This is not a useless film, but it is very predictable and formulaic and for those who are under the age of 10 or so is likely to be only entertaining as a comedy.
