This is an interesting turn left to Reel 13 India. TWO Havana are B & W 75-minute film from Minnesota, which shows a non-actor, and about two people who communicate through search of extraterrestrial life. I applaud the courage Reel 13 programmers thinking when choosing this film outside the box. I just want them to have chosen a stronger film to be bold with. In fact, I wonder if the choice was more to do with the uniqueness of the film than the real quality of the film itself (not that harbors two completely without merit, but I'll get to that later). <br /> <br /> As is often the case with independent films, two harbors are limited in terms of accommodation. There are only two real places ?? large market junk dealer and a very small trailer, which is the home of the protagonist of middle age, Vic, played by Alex Cole. Writer / director James Vculek uses market settings to ensure exposure of Vikah, which is one of the dealers out there. He has a different people, go to the Vic and start a very long conversations, which gives us only two pieces of information ?? Vic sell space toys (he prefers to call them "external action figure space"), and it is a caustic asshole. It represents one of the two key challenges, with two harbors - all chatted. I've said it before and I'll say it again ?? we are dealing with a visual medium and film-makers have to work harder, to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but as a rule, the endless patter is not as engaged in the film ?? especially if the dialogue is used as exposure. Almost all the talk in the film too long and wordy. A typical example might be a few scenes, a feature that Vick is trying to play themselves as the leader of a Boy Scout to get a discount at the store. He is arguing with the clerk back and forth, and these scenes are not even advance the story one iota. This is the thing that makes even a 75-minute film feel long. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the two harbors is valid. Maybe I'm a little miser when it comes to performance in the movie, but I really do not feel that this is a good reason for not having good actors in your films. There are a lot of good actors out there, many of whom are willing to work for low-budget projects ?? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers shy away from the importance of acting as a secondary capacity in relation to them visually, but it is naive. In the narrative of film, next to the story, nothing is more important than the action / performance. If you do not believe the people who make their own history, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> I originally thought Vculek used a non-actor, but as the movie came out, I decided that they probably community theater actors type. It was not that they were uncomfortable on camera. It is that they were too theatrical (ie large). Of course, the best of the actors were the two wires ?? Cole and Catherine Johnson, Cassie, a lonely young girl who falls in terrestrial Vic hunting. They seemed to have a lot of training, but they were still a little rough around the edges. Eccentricity they are reflected, seemed to surface only - not from the real, organic place inside. Ms. Johnson, in particular, an interesting case. She certainly has a presence ?? Midwest charm about it, but the charisma refutes many issues her character is supposed to be there. She struggles to portray the idiosyncrasies that are derived from the expected life of loneliness and (office?) Works, relying on stock gestures like eye rolls, lip biting and stammering, to offer her discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that the two harbors is not entirely unfounded, and that's what I mean. Without giving too much, there is a fade to white-hour film. After that, the story takes a stunning twist that allows for the last fifteen minutes to be to evoke memories and downright powerful ?? it's like a sucker punch in the stomach, but in a good way. It's almost a relief to feel something after so long with these characters. The last five minutes of the film have no dialogue at all, and the result is the best part of the movie ?? delicate, detailed (Cole does his best film work) and, above all, cinematic. Then, with titles comes the most stunning discovery of all ?? it's based on a true story that made me think. With all the dialogue, the minimum ground and the lack of cinematic quality, it occurred to me that the two actors and Kick Ass tension rewritten two harbors can make a really kick-ass play ?? maybe even one-act. If there are any brave theater makers out there reading this, I would definitely recommend to see if you can get a hold of the film and contact film director, Reel 13, or whomever. There may be something in this story after all ?? <br /> <br /> (For more information about this or any other film Reel 13, check their website www.reel13.org)
