Billy Chung Siu Hung (in the bloody fencing film Killer 1993) movie Love To Kill (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the strongest product arrows III category inhabiting HK cinema in the early nineties. It consisted of a film with the opposite sex, nudity and violence, more or less free and shock is appreciated only. Love To Kill defined belongs "more" category with some memorable ideas and pieces of celluloid disease. <br /> <br /> HK loony Anthony Wong (from the award-winning The Untold Story Herman Yau, from the same year) plays a business man, and her husband, who likes to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung) which for some reason does not leave him and save themselves and their young son from perturbed tormentor. A policeman (Danny Lee, a well-known police character actor from films like Dr. Lamb (1992), Billy Tan (and co-director Lee) and The Killer (1989) John Woo to name only a few), but sees the problem and starts to protect his wife and son, but Anthony, of course, do not like it at all, and brings all of this in a typical medium-sized ultra-energetic and graphic finals during torrential rain. <br /> <br /> film almost completely without any major advantages, as it is just a piece of operation in order to cash, when such films were so popular. Images and accidents are not something found in the western movie, at least in the mainstream, and it all becomes even more mind-blowing when some / most taboo for Western countries as violence and perversion witnessed a child, break into these movies, so often, that reading the story alone makes most viewers feel sick, and that is great especially for this movie, too. <br /> <br /> film still has a very interesting soundtrack and terrible in the tradition of Dr. Lamb said that almost the entire boom began in 1992. Usually, the music and sound in a Hong Kong movie is interesting and adds to the image, especially in these terrorist films . In addition, the cinematography is worth noting, as the film is bathed, especially in the final, in blue colors and lenses (as a murderer, too) and a raging storm is photographed by the camera. Otherwise, there is nothing that would rate the movie a little above other than muck meters. <br /> <br /> The actors and actresses are talented and professional and, therefore, does not make the movie worse than their actions. Nevertheless, the film has the usual HK humor in it, which makes the patient more sick habit even as some "humor" is thrown into the soup. This includes some of the jokes about the construction of Danny Lee and so on..Something, that can never be found in the western "serious" films ever. And this thing is usually destroys mane otherwise typical HK movies as humor just like an obvious way and try to entertain the audience and mass. <br /> <br /> The film has a very high level of outrageousness, as it has many scenes that show the abuse of his wife Wong in different ways. She gets raped and molested, beaten and kicked by her husband. We also get to see some memories of your own childhood Wong provided as cruel as his father was killed, and turned his small son into what he is now. These flashback scene substantially at the end of the film, also includes some unexpected experiences accelerated as images (e.g., hits ax), which creates a totally madder and mean energetic atmosphere to the stage. Again, something that only HK exploitation of the producer seems to be able to come up. Ending themselves includes a plurality sudden and shocking crotch like crazy has an ax and is also responsible nails, e.g., on its way deranged. <br /> <br /> The film is also really very "suspicious" in my view, as violence and terror really painful and has to deal with the things that should never be taken as entertainment, basically, I mean rape. Version I saw (I saw two versions) includes a very long and is completely sickening rape scene, just trying to be sadistic, as far as possible. I'm not sure that makes the HK audience really like the image as it is, but I think that not one with some sense of morality in movies / entertainment would never accept or do something like that. Women get furious and killed in the most sadistic ways and low so that people's lives seem almost tame in comparison with females. <br /> <br /> Another option I have seen in the recently released DVD HK (without subtitles) is the "table" the atrocities of the stage in a much longer form than the Taiwanese DVD subtitle, which is otherwise identical to the version HK. I also heard that the old HK Laserdisc different from these two, but with the end credits are filled with scenes and images not found in the actual film, it is impossible to say, as a "director" version of those that have been released theatrically or shown there. Obviously a lot of footage was cut, perhaps even to the box office. <br /> <br /> The film is written by law Gam Fai and Lau Kin Wing, the former is also written films like Dr. Lamb, The Untold Story and Arrows (Kirk Wong, 1988), but of his other films I've seen, love to kill the most gratuitous. Dr. Lamb and The Untold Story of very hard and tough, but there are also some attempts to some criticism of the authorities and men in general, as it is easy to turn into an animal, if chasing or fighting one. Harrowing torture imagery Untold Story, a victim of a criminal, is very strong and definitely has its influence to change something that may be rotten in society and in the police force, for example. But there is nothing of this in love to kill, it's just honestly be calculated and made Fastly operation, which, incidentally, made the veteran director Kirk "Organized Crime and Triad Bureau (1993), the story of Crime (1993)," Wong! <br /> <br /> Love to Kill is not getting no more than a 2/10 from me as I'm not too high an opinion on such films as this. (HK) movie is meant to be and can be more and movies like love kills only commercial parasites that live among the real pieces of art.
