"Runaway jumping and stopped the film" is not a film as such, but it is a short series of clips from the comic farce topic. This "film" was Richard Lester acknowledged and paved the way for him to send the first Beatles film ". A Hard Day's Night »<br /> <br /> Richard Lester directed and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. this film called The running, jumping, & Standing Still Film. It was intended to show only those who helped in its production. As the film intended for viewing in Leicester and its partners alone, a small amount of money and time has been invested. the only purpose of this film is fun, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that he served as an experiment to work with the camera. movie worth £ 70, to do, and he was shot in sepia- tinted films in the field for a couple of Sundays All the shots that were filmed were included in the final product ;. finished production eleven minutes long <br /> <br /> Running, jumping, and standing. Nevertheless comedy film about the English Sunday and little hobby that people do to pass the tim e. All events in this film take place in the field. Some of these comic events include a woman cleansing lawn, a man runs a stump with a needle to play a record that shows a film photographer in the pond, the artist helped in painting by numbers on the face of the model, a man builds a tent, athlete running over the tent, and the match between the person people with a knife and a gun. Not only is the movie mock hobbies that people do to pass the time away, but it also makes fun of English culture than American culture. Another one of the few events in the film involves a group of people, and the kite, which was built with the UK flag. One of the men jump in the kite while other people are trying to fly a kite and breaks. According Sinyard Nile, author Richard Lester's film, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom, as a smaller capacity and technology, compared with the United States during the space age. According to this stage, the British fly primitive snakes while the Americans, world power after World War II, flying highly advanced rockets and space shuttles.
