There's nothing cool, hip, or reasonable about this film-- likes it just shows the ignorance of the true art of cinema. As you can easily forget that the central fact in all of this film is that they mean and ugly people. ,, Serial killers! If they have to share the unknown in order to "be a family again," we do not want to "be a family." What part of this do you have trouble grasping? Why applaud this stuff? <br /> <br /> That stupid scum what you are doing, if you can not make art! Our head and life must be deeply confused empty the small malice as "interesting." This is without a brain chamber. What really makes the artwork cool thoughtfulness, questioning the status quo in terms of the conscious to the knowledge of the history (or, in this case, knowledge of the OR would be preferable!). Instead, it's just a chance conglomeration of ugly images available in the world, melting, thanks to just let Murphy's fame as a "cool because it's so far away, man!"). These same hard events really happened, every day. They are not "only in the film." They refer to the actual soul-less people who will do the same things to you. Or do you want those things done for you? The child could think it up, it requires zero view, this is not surrealism. This is a lazy shit has no content, does not say anything - it's just the worst of the evening news, and it does not say anything new, anything we do not know. This "The Emperor's New Clothes," the director hoping that enough uneducated children are proud of their strip of inhumanity for that messy scum fly. I can see the crazy supporter Miike directed now smoke-and-teens twenties drunks covered in tattoos, with a metal hanging from holes punched in their faces, their knowledge base is inversely proportional to their assessment of the intelligence <br /> <. br /> There is no plot to this - it's just pure exploitation of the shock value of violence. There are no "hidden meaning" somewhere in this poorly made film. It's great to explore the movie to see if you can find a cinematic device that artistic genius, but you can not uncover the hidden meaning, if one is not there! To do this, you need to view and analyze real piece of cinema. There are many out there, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Buñuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus Van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet. Why do not you consider this art movie loves this giant? This director imitators Miike, will never make a film equal to one of the geniuses I just listed, because he simply does not have the talent! Anyone could concoct a chaotic shit like "a visitor» Q. Teenagers can throw that together in one day! There's no message, no sense, no plot, nothing to it at all. There are long lists of feature films, to learn from - but this "Visitor Q» is NOT a feature film in any way. It has not to its content. This is just one banal horror piled on another, and it is important to remember those terrible crimes is that these things happen every day, somewhere in the world. They are not in order, because they are "only in the film." They refer to the actual soul-less people who will do the same things to you. Or do you want those things done for you? For others? Why? Because this world is ugly enough, thanks to the people who like to think of the terrible events like this. <br /> <br /> There are sooooo many feature films are there to use his mind to destroy, but you're wasting your talent with this piece of shit. There is no deeper meaning. There's nothing to analyze; why keep trying? I spent almost 40 years playing almost every film ever made, and keep up with all the new, but I'm nothing like nasty meaningless, because it is not seen. This is not a work of art, or even shocking, because these types of events occur daily around the world. In order to make this movie, or even consider it positively, caused more than 50 young Airheads, who do not know better than to think that it was "cool." They can grow up thinking that by convincing others, some of which may end up doing these things - convicted murderers often show how they started this path, being insensitive to the horror of this terrible inhumanity. Trust me on this - I know it's cool and cool this piece of shit NO. Visitor Q is FEEL this Snuff, and I'm still not sure that this is not so in reality. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world badly enough already. Some violence, as it can happen to you, or socially irresponsible director who cranked out this fake feature film. Believe me, you will not think that it is «Cool», if someone is sawing his skull in half!
