(BIG SPOILERS) I saw one other film by Takashi Miike, and it was very unsettling and hard «Audition», which was a study of Japanese ideals of femininity! The "Visitor Q 'is, I think, which means" Visitor Question'- he considers in a very exciting manner gross, family. Surrealistic vision of Miike in a dysfunctional family tries to be almost Lynchian with the point of view of the confusion and film production, but ultimately it lacks style and intrigue. We, the audience, met with a bizarre set of scenarios with the opening scene with his father (Kenichi endo, which was actually very good) to pay for sex with his daughters located (Fuzhiko). and when the father returns home, he is struck on the head, "the visitor» (Kazushi Watan abe) has quite a sizeable rock, and for some reason, they both end up back in the family's home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) beaten and bullied by her son (June Muto), which also beaten and abused by his school peers. If a visitor comes to the house, he was somewhat menacingly installs itself as part of the block. in the end, the family begins to improve their relations, with the assistance of a visitor through the milking chest, killing and maintaining a sense of family honor. <br /> <br /> There are other crazy scene that somehow bring the family closer together, it has an awkward sense of humor, but equally depressingly stupid and over-the-top in their strangeness. There necrophiliac scene completely disgusting, but ends up being ridiculously funny as the scene progresses. Partly because of the situation itself, and partly because you can not believe that the filmmakers and actors are really doing it! The style of the film poor, to say the least, and the plot silly and incredibly weak. Symbols themselves everywhere, and while I understand that this is not meant to be realistic, hardly any interest in these characters and situations confront as they border on the absurd! The camera-work is sloppy, and has such a cinematic feeling that the job entails Lynch. It is difficult to take this film seriously at surrealist level, or on the interpretation of the study of the family unit in Japan. It just seems that Miike came as a shock, and the film seems to be self-aware that he is "trying" to be shocking, and it becomes almost comical to be taken lightly. In general, I would say that this film is a bizarre dark comedy, but it looks and feels amateurish, and seems to want to shock too. Previous Miike film in Audition, was finely balanced between disgusting horror character development and technics- install more intrigue in how the film was built to allow the viewer to become obsessed with the plot. "Visitor Q» is a step down, he tries too hard to be quaintly strange and deliberately resist, it is not really having much say in the process! <br /> <br /> ** a *****!
