Here's match. ,, <br /> <br /> The Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado legion and Doom) V The Perfect Team (Mr Perfect, Ax, Shock and crush Demolition) (ADV = advantage.): Ax is the first to go in a matter of seconds, when a warrior splatters his finger (4-3 Adv. Warriors). I knew that Ax was not a healthy man, but if he was, why did that junk on his card? This will be his last PPV. In the end, as the Legion of Doom and Demolition work with the cheap by using a double disqualification (2-1 dialects. Warriors). Perfect Perfect Plex uses to Texas Tornado for the pin. Then he tries to do the same to the Warrior, but warrior-sells it and throws. Warrior returns with a splash perfect pin and become the sole survivor. 5-10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and Hart Foundation v Million Dollar Team (DiBiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): Partner undertaker mystery and his debut, making the impact of recycling Koko once a tombstone (Monsoon is still possible to say that it is correct height, weight and finishing move, pretending not to know who he is), making it 4-3 for Dibiase team. Niedhart power-Helmet Honka for the pin (3-3) and his career with the WWF ended. Shortly thereafter, he Niedhart, who becomes the victim of Dibiase via Virgil (3-2 dialects. Dibiase in teams). Rhodes following the Undertaker double ax -Handle from the top rope, but does not leave quietly attack the brother love. Undertaker goes after Dusty and gets counted out despite not being legal persons (2-1 dialects. Dibiase Team in). Almost immediately after, Greg enters the cradle Hart is trying to put a figure four leg-lock on him and gets pinned. It boils down to Hart about Dibia here, and a few minutes later a good fight, Bret gets his body-wise canceled Dibiase for the pin. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart good use. 6/10 <br /> <br /> Viper (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, 'Superfly' Snuka and Rockers) the V Dreamers (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and the power and the glory): After spending some time in the ring, Marty Jeannette gets power shut commander as he leaves from the top rope for the pin (4-3 Adv. Visionaries). Snuka gets pinned in seconds from Martel, which changes its cross body (4-2 Adv. Visionaries). Michaels gets into power Plex and pinned Roma (4-1 dialects. Visionaries). Now Roberts against four people, two years before the recall of its efforts Survivor Series. Despite the strikes warlord with DDT, Roberts gets counted in the pursuit of Martel. Clairvoyants are the first team in the history of Survivor Series, in order to survive entirely as a whole. Not so much here worth watching, to be honest, as the psychology of haste. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, «Hacksaw" Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and tugs) v natural disasters (earthquakes, Dean Bravo, Barbarian and Hakan): One Bossman slam eliminates Hakan in the beginning of the battle (4 -3 Adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets him 2 to 4 after beating earthquake disqualified him (3-3). Bravo commits career suicide shortly thereafter, allowing Hogan to cradle his pin (3-2 dialects. Hulkamaniacs). An earthquake can overcome Bossman with two elbow drops hairpin shortly thereafter (2-2). Hogan gets watered, and finally gets the tag Tugboat (who knew that he was there at the time?), He is fighting for about 30 seconds before the calculated earthquake. Only Hogan and barbarian left. Barbarian put in some good offense, but inevitably falls into a big boot and leg drop for the pin. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> Alliance (Nikolai Volkov, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) v Mercenaries (Sergeant Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and the Orient Express): All Mercanaries wearing camouflage face paint. Lightning-quick pin here Santana pressed Zhukov in his last PPV in seconds (4-3 dialects. Alliance). There was not even a showdown Bolshevik. Bushwhackers hit Sato with a battering ram, while Tanaka was legal persons (4-2 dialects. Alliance), and would be his last appearance on WWF PPV, as the Orient Express to get repackaged. Tanaka stands Sato when Santana stuns it with flying forearm (4-1 dialects. Alliance). Despite the slaughter of getting in the ring against four people, it eliminates the Wolves (which career is over after this), Butch and Luke in the order, with relative ease. Finally, Santana hit Slaughter disqualification when General Adnan hits him with an Iraqi flag. In the past, some interesting order, even if the match was terrible. Santana takes a landslide victory as the sole survivor and becomes its last high point. 3/10 <br /> <br /> The egg hatches and this Hector Guerrerro in a silly costume. He dances with Gene Okerlund and gets booed by the crowd, and Piper and Monsoon pretend that they enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Survival Match: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana on the Warlord, power and glory, Rick "Model" Martel and «Million Dollar Man DiBiase: Just a different directory liquidations as Santana pins Warlord in seconds with a flying forearm at least its preliminary SummerSlam avenge lesion (4-3 adverbs. Dibiase team). Dibiase stun guns after a pin Santana (4-2 dialects. Dibiase Commands). Hogan kicks out power Plex and moves to the contact of the Roma after the ropes, effectively kills the power and glory of a push in (3-2 dialects. The team in Dibiase). Hogan eliminates Martel Count failure and Dibiase with a drop foot finger (2-1 dialects. Team Hogan). Hogan finally allows the Warrior in a match that quickly disposes of a former nemesis of Heracles after the burst. Very predictable ending point of nausea. 2/10 <br /> <br /> In general, too much of a coincidence and too little time, obviously has a detrimental effect as the fighters waited almost pin on the conveyor belt. Most were destroyed heels Warrior and Hogan, who is a poor way to deal with a long list of fighters.
