I must say that it was a little ashamed of the "King of the Cowboys"; Made in 1948, the picture came out ten years after the earliest paintings of Roy Rogers, in which he had a major role. Roy's character comes off as a bit ignorant in this, along with his female roles Jane Frazee, which alternates between his loyalty to Roy and Robert Livingston, drawing the main villain Bill Regan. The whole story seems kind of confusing, with missed opportunities for what might be an entertaining hour or so. Like the legend of the "cat hotel", for example, which refers to the hanged man comes to life at midnight. Andy Devine in the cast as Cookie Bullfincher, do you think that story might get some mileage out of this set up. Instead, you have some complicated cases that would have been better if it was the Bowery Boys Flick. It was a dull attempt ghosts at tricks that rely on poor old Genevieve, who, in truth, have got to get more screen time than the Trigger, who signed as "extremely intelligent horse in the movie" There was nothing to say about the postponed the background mule. And then you have the Fa Willing and his Riders of the Purple Sage replace Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers for your musical interlude. I do not know about you, but it was already halfway into the picture, and I'm still looking for Pat Brady - oh well! <br /> <br /> However, there is an interesting element, which can be found here if you are looking hard enough, and that turned out to be a sports dismantle Roy of the Trigger at the same time on the run from the bad guys. Well, this is likely to double, but I have not seen that one before a couple of hundred westerns. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee doing the honors as women's role in this film, as it will be in four other films in front of Roy 1947/1948 timeframe. In "Under California Stars", she appeared as a cousin of Andy Devine, in the appropriately named Caroline Bullfincher. You never quite sure which side it will come in the story, though, as she starts to pretend that someone is wrong, and winds up with a good party man almost by accident. <br /> <br /> lovers of old films of Laurel and Hardy you might be surprised as I was to see James Finlayson here sheriff Sintown. I would have liked a little more comedic relief recorded in his role, but he played pretty straight after all. I had to wonder when it was over, why he and the old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) hit the mine with Cookie, when there was no reason to be. Just a way to shut it down, I think, with about as much thought went into how the rest of the picture. I do not want to be harsh, but if you've seen enough, Roy Rogers clicks, you should know that this is not one of his fine effort <br /> <br /> They say, Sintown. - I wonder if it is the same place that has grown and Sin City?
