I walked away from this film feeling that it could be much better. Instead, what should be an exciting, tense story about a boy struggle for survival in the desert, he comes off as a documentary National Geographic meets Colombian sports advertising. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brian (Jared Rushton) preparing to travel by plane to see his father. His mother gives him a single curious choice hatchets as a parting gift (what happened to the Rubik's Cube?), Little knowing how much he would soon need. Once in the air, the pilot of the aircraft (blink-and-you'll-miss-it cameo Ned Beatty) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving Brian helpless as the plane crashed into the lake. Very lucky to walk (or rather float) from virtually unscathed, Brian has to find shelter, food, and the hope of salvation. <br /> <br /> That's where begins the main problem with the film. By the very nature of loneliness Brian, Jared very few lines to speak, and so the film has to be compensated by increased tension in each scene. Instead, he pointed to walk, sit, and so on, with only a minimal sense of danger. As a result, too great dependence is placed on the flashbacks in the troubled parent status as a voltage source. These scenes just get in the way and not really add much to the story. Even worse, sometimes Jared ?? his face covered with dirt - releasing primal scream or two that evokes the sad parallels with 'Predator'. Speaking of sad, we could do with his spare eye mullet, but it presumably helped keep him warm at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment Pamela Sue Martin in a totally ineffective operation as a mother. Both she and the father have a very small effect in the movie. For example, we have never shown how they react to the disappearance of Brian news as they may be organizing attempts to rescue, and so on. It is only one source of tension in the film-makers would do well to explore, instead of spending so much time on the events that occurred before Brian started on its way.
