Amy Poehler and sausage are some of the funniest women were «Saturday Night Live». It is unfortunate that they together with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, were SNL for the longest portion pointlessly letter and sketch solutions (about 2002-2006) show ever had. Nevertheless, the two women most especially know, it's funny, and they know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You will notice in the credits of the film, which is directed by Ryan Dratch and Chirac wrote a story for the "Spring Breakdown», but who wrote the actual script that includes dialogue and all important fill-in the blank material, which makes history in a multi-dimensional movie? Yeah, just Chirac. Only one guy wrote the dialogue for this film, and no woman does not seem to have written the script with him. as a result of a rather cliché spring break film, which is not so much a parody of the false festival so much how to use it equally as much as MTV does every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler, and even co-star Posey could have contributed to their handwriting in the writing of the script, it would be much less than a cliché. The premise is original, being about three thirty-something women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently college, too) who have never had a spring break trip fun they allegedly dreamed of. I say "allegedly" because you never know what fun these characters. they entered the talent show in the past, when they sing stale pro-woman anthems as «True Colors», and spend the night together holding make St. yu-own pizza party. Even if none of them are particularly unsightly, the outside world seems to treat them as they are. There's a scene where the blind Poehler student (played by real-life husband Will Arnett Poehler) asks her on a date, only to touch her face and immediately changes his mind. If a character Poehler, is supposed to be unattractive, they are obviously hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The film continues to show promise, even if we have doubts about the main characters, when the boss Posey, Texas Senator Kay »Bee» Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as always) hires Posey to follow for its unpopular college age daughter (Amber Tamblyn plays another woman who is attractive in real life, but not in the eyes of any character in the film), as long as it is in Laguna Beach as a vacation destination for spring break. Poehler and Dratch come, they are reluctant to get up much drinking, parties, as they are, apparently, must have, when they were in college, and then comes the ultimate showdown with the sorority bitches lead Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk incredibly attractive woman who has a body of men and women would kill to for various reasons. Unfortunately, her film career off to a rough start with the vile not funny «Date Movie» (2006) and a disappointment «Click» (2006). Here she plays a southern belle, though her voice sounds like she stole voice box Delta Burke. She ham is a bit too much, trying too hard to play crafty mote that it comes off just as a caricature of spoiled college kids, as well as other additional services. <br /> <br /> «Spring Breakdown» was released directly to DVD, in spite of the Amy Poehler star power, but it is right, because the story is too cliché. this may also have been called called "National Lampoon's Spring Breakdown», and the magazine is probably not sued for trademark infringement because of the free publicity. If the director Chirac at least one female creative input, especially sausage, this movie would be great and not so mediocre comedies as a fraternity house we've seen before. I know that Dratch come up with another ridiculous concept, and we hope to be able to fill in the rest of the screenplay itself. It's funny enough and it deserves better than this half-baked comedy that will take StiffleR brother with open arms.
