Another big star cast, a set of other Glamor, another famous director, the film is filled with other songs, heads the chart of booze, but alas, what is missing at the end of the day is the story of every moviegoer waiting for from such a big movie budget. So much hype is that lurked around the film before it's red carpet premieres. The buzz that went to such a degree, Anil Kapoor stipulates that the film would have been one of the greatest love stories ever after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well Anilji, what movie are you talking about? Well, the film's plot is about 6 different pairs and 12 different people who have different general attitude to life, but, in spite of their different approach to life they all have one common problem, it is love. Well really luring topic. But little did we expect that the film will be so boring that he let you down last expectation of the audience will have from this multistarrer film. This kind of films that I completely neglected, because after spending a hefty dollar for multiplex ticket I locked in the theater at 4:00 just waiting in agony climax. <br /> <br /> The problem starts at the very beginning, the Director becomes so tangled up with a plot that somewhere even he gets confused about how to divide the time slot to a different six-star casts. Some couples, like Anil Kapoor, Juhi and Sohail (Khan the female is in front of it) just does not make sense of their existence in the film. Salman (who calls himself Rahul in a strange manner for the entire film. Well, something like Rahoooooool) again, as usual, trying to be a cool addition to his curious accent Videsi Hindi. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Ash gets married, at least to get advice from Abhishek to improve their acting skills. A simple strip wholly make the movie box office hit every time. And Anilji stop shaving your beard brand or look completely like a eunuch. And smooching girl the age of your daughters only looks cool, like watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please do not put such Nikhilji extra scenes in the film that does not need a shot. <br /> <br /> Another major drawback in the film was that there was not a perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples, each story itself looks as if it comes from a variety of clicks, put together to form a sadistic plot Salaam- E-Ishq. Bollywood is still a lot to learn from the movies, as the vagina, where the director Memento knows perfect the art of carving a variety of unrelated sequences to form the perfect mixed story. <br /> <br /> Somewhere, while I appreciate the pre-release movie reviews who predicted that the film would do well, because the title of the film adds to the number 28 and 28 is considered to be a bad number in numerology. But I fully accept his own, saying that the film will not become poor coz its Numerology defects, but because of the myriad of vice, which persisted in the film. And if a director like Nikhil Advani can make such big mistakes in the entire storyline of the film, it is not surprising to not save the film from the bombing at the box office. <br /> <br /> My suggestion for all of you guys have, please do not watch this movie at all costs. Not worth the pie, which you pay for the ticket. There really is the best films in cinemas at the moment, which are worth seeing more Salaam-E-Ishq.
