Six for the price of one! So it's time for a bonanza Cinegoers. Is not it? There is not one, not two, but all of the SIX-love stories, the ensemble cast of the top stars of Bollywood, plus all the stories in the genre of your favorite top-Johar directors, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You can see every damn kind of love story that you enjoy, or rather figurative for several years. So there is nothing special for you. We need something more than that? No, sir, thank you. Why sir? Enough means enough. Please, save us. They signed every top star, they are able to sign up is required or not, so that they end up making a circus star, believe it or not. Too crowded Every thing here is depicted exactly as prescribed in Bollywood romances textbook. In addition, you have to justify the length given in each story, as each of them has a star. Thus, it is too long, plus three o'clock. The gags are membranous. Characters filmy. Problems, Barriers situation, the resolution ?? Yes, you guessed right again ??. filmy-tested. Those hundreds of dancers in colorful costumes dancing in the background. Why do not they have any other work to do? All couples sugary-sweet fairy tale style, the perfect image. All this looks good. Each story, beginning in a perfect way, and therefore should also ends that can not be perfectly? Too haphazardly. You can not connect to one story. It has everything that you've seen a million times. Devil's fake, unreal, crazy stories retritistskie considered normal for more than a hundred years since the evolution of Indian cinema. What a mockery of the feelings of today's audience? Yes, it would work as a parody, if it simply paid a tribute to the love-stories of past years, but, unfortunately, even the thing has not been studied. At least, Director Nikhil Advani should have tried one alternative, an extraordinary love story, but what will happen to the tradition to live up to the level of commercial schlock bollwood Brigade? Oh! Someone must lead, no. Imagine, on the one hand, the audience finds it difficult to sit through such a love story, and here we have six times the pain. I mean, six stories of the damned. I mean double the fun by Chopra Mohabbatein (2000) In this age and time, get something real, guys. Now we lost the hope of seeing some not so beautiful people and not so bright stories about what you said just now- come on, it's fun. My advice, please do not waste your time in reading further such inspections. Go instead, there is such fun! Thank you.
