Who are "they" - the actors? filmmakers? Of course, it can not be audience- it is one of the air-puffed production in existence. This is a film that looks like it was a lot of fun to shoot ?? Too much fun, no one gets any actual work, and that almost always makes the movie is not fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Ritter dons glasses so to hammer home the status of your character as a native double glasses Bogdanovich; scenes from the windy Ms. Stratten sweet, but there are uncomfortable, watch-guys-I-love-The-prom-queen feel to them. Gazzara sporting his usual cat got the canary smile, in a vain attempt to lift the poor plot, which requires him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all interest narcolepsy insomnia clinic. At the same time, the children concerned (nepotism alert: daughter Bogdanovich) budding couples spewing cute and pick up some pretty disturbing pointers to "love" watching their parents. (Ms. Hepburn, leaning on her dignity, was able to rise above the proceedings-, but she has a monumental challenge to play himself, like.) Everything looks fine, but what? This is a movie and we can expect that many, if that is what you are looking for you would be better picking up a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> O, and it should be noted that Colin Camp thoroughly bored, even apart from her singing, which, while competent, is quite unconvincing ... country and western numbers woefully inappropriate standards on track. Of course, this is not what was Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the title of the film) in mind; his stage musicals 20s may have been small, but at least they were long on charm. "They all laughed," he is trying to shore on their good intentions, but nobody- least Peter Bogdanovich - has the good sense to put on the brakes <br /> <br /> Thanks in no small part to the tragic death. Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich- he even bought it from its producers, and then extended it to himself, and went bankrupt, if not turned out to be popular. His rise and fall among the more sympathetic and tragic stories of Hollywood, so there is no joy in the criticism of the film ... there _is_ a real emotional investment in the scenes in Ms. Stratten. But "Laughed" is a faint echo of "The Last Picture Show," "the Paper Moon" or "What's up, Doc" - the next "Daisy Miller" and "In the end, love", it was a confirmation of rumble phase of the PB that never came. <br /> <br /> In general, though, the film is harmless, just a waste of rent. I want to see people having a good time, I'll go to the park on a sunny day. For cinematic expression of joy and love, I'll stick with Ernst Lubitsch and Jacques contract ...
