Problems associated with Naykhil Advani in Salaam-e-Ishq much. The concept of a line that looks good on paper (who has also worked in the earlier English Movie - Love Actually) goes horribly wrong, thanks to inept and fine writing. Friendly idea gets crushed to the ground under the weight of its own giant ambition. The director is so passionate about his own many applauded the first film goes overboard with devices that worked in his previous film (Ho Na Kal Ho) - try to count the number of times the device of split screens used in this film. The problem is - it worked fabulously in Ho Na Kal Ho emotional excesses were Karan Johar school of filmmaking, but here, "emotion" does not decorate us with his appearance on the screen - no, even briefly, writer / director gives us a "six relations with one common problem -? love, "but where is the intensity, where the depth where there is" emotion "a" tribute of love "Sans emotion and one that goes on and on and on ...... No, it's just can not work! <br /> <br /> In my view, the basic requirement for a suitcase of the film, how it works, that not only every single g istoryya should be "full", he must - in some sense or another -. to follow the traditional three-act structure of the schedule (the guru of writing screen, Syd Field Paradigm) This is the real reason why Salaam-E-Ishq is not working for me None. of the stories do not have the depth or a roller coaster ride emotional ups and downs of one waits mostly Hindi cinema. in addition, the relationship between some of the stories seemed shaky and very forced. It is not clear what makes Salman Khan Ayesha's wedding in the same. When he had to attend the wedding scene neat wrap up, why not conjure up a few more matches and bring the other two couples are also before the wedding? It would be more accurate. <br /> <br /> But yes, some of the stories were a lot of promises. On the one hand, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla is trying to solve a very real situation - mid-life crisis, but the journey is so linear that you are left wondering if this is really a problem. In addition, the problem of addiction in the history of Akshay Khanna-Ayesha Takia is also true to life. If only it was designed a little better. I felt that the more promising stories in these hodgepodge told from a male point of view, that is fine, but it brings down the emotional factor of these stories, because the female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia in particular - has all the depth of a half-filled bath. Nor was this film should be about '12 different lives? Now the actors. John Abraham still need to learn to act, while Vidya Balan is a reliable and wins as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a role written for him alone, but sometimes melancholy replays of his character. Since it has not received a meaty character to reflect, Juhee Chawla uses his magical smile and natural acting style, to hide it. Akshay Khanna fine despite going a trifle over-the-top in a few scenes. Ayesha Takia has nothing special to do, but it reminds us that it is the same girl who surprised us with his performance bravura in Dor. Govinda tries to compensate for this huge mistake called Bhagam SB, and has been successful to a large extent <br /> <br /> This brings me to the most annoying song of the film (which is remiss finishes warping maximum screen time). - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. Track annoying mainly because of them. But I have to credit them for compliance. They consistently BAD throughout the film. Priyanka could well become the next queen Hemming - I do not buy the crap that its role (which is a "point of Girls") is required to operate it over-the-top. Someone should tell her the difference between a bright, because the nature of the demands and all Hamming. If you've seen the Rackham savants (which seems to be the mastermind of this role) in his interviews and Bigg Boss, you'll know what I mean. I firmly believe that if Nikhil Advani took Rackham savants in this role, but not a big star, Priyanka, the story would have worked better. fake accent Salman Khan is ..... well, Hindi Shannon Esra is less than accentuated. <br /> <br /> Salman To be fair to the director, he was able to add some nice directorial touches to the film. I especially liked the use of gray as the preferred color in the history of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla as a metaphor for their boring existence, and bright colors, which come into history with the arrival of another woman. But will choose someone to paint your house in one way or another, depressive shades of gray? This is an acceptable cinematic license, I would say. But when the film is almost 4 hours, it almost feels like the director is trying too hard to give the viewer an idea of ​​his "touch" in an infinitely sad winding assembly sequences. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil Advani wants to sit in the theater as long as humanly possible- pata Nahin, Kal Ho Naa Ho.
