It is a sad film, made for boring people. I was sitting in the cinema tearing my hair from each other, wanting to break the chair in front of me, like the movie spit a crawl cause a scene after another. And there were people laughing behind me, which made me wonder what movies these people have to look at really enjoy this horse s ** t. <br /> <br /> Nikkhil Advani has six stories with a plot entirely, and no interesting characters. Scenario dim, he was probably drunk when he wrote this film. There's no strong hold on any of these stories. Nothing new, nothing to keep the audience and filled with dialogues, which you would have heard a million times. One of the stories of these couples are not able to have sex because of a series of accidents that happen every time they want to do it. I mean seriously, this story really necessary? It's not funny, not creative, but only proves that Advani did not make any sense of comedy. Another of the stories (which was probably only a story that I was interested in) is based on human infidelity, and it also ends up in the lame secular Sati-Savitri party-Parmeshwar shit. I have no idea what the plot Salmaan-Priyanka was all. There was no problem in the plot to be the story. It can not take the film Karan Johar, because she should marry Salmaan ?? Why can not she marry him and still take the movie ?? or Advani and Priyanaka just want to prove to the world that it is actually true that women actors cant be successful if they are married, or that they should not be in the movies as soon as they got married ?? With six actors in the film clearly Advani can not make a film all by himself. Thus, he makes full use of the sponsor, as a group Times shamelessly promote their Filmfare magazines. As well as some jewelry brand that women in the film at all, seem to love !! I came to the IMDb, to give it the worst rating, and I am shocked to see the message, praising the film. It just goes to show the sorry state of Bollywood and how star struck fans. With fans like these, films such as Salaam E Ishq will continue to be worse, it is likely to be hit.
