"Baptists at our Barbecue" the best movie ever made. Now that I got your attention, it's awfully inaccurate statement, which should be a hanging offense, if say, let me begin my brief overview of this sticky, offensive, pretentious and boring piece of junk, I think you could see a movie. First of all, a low budget this bitch is obvious, based on the very poor and inexperience direction Krischna Vuissa and tacky, overly preachy, whiny and unnatural scenario F. Matthew Smith. I really despise the fact that it sends a very pro-Mormons, and like anti-any other message of religion. So, the story of a small town half full with Mormons and half full with the Baptists. It shows all the main characters and role models are Mormons, and be so good and perfect, but they are being molested by evil, insidious and very subjective Baptists. It shows how beautiful the Mormons, and how heartless and ignorant Baptist, instead of showing little solidarity, it would be appropriate and realistic. I am part of no religion (I'm actually an atheist), but it hurt me, along with countless other Baptists, most likely. This shows Baptist as being very closed and unfavorable to Mormons and Mormons to be very receptive when again, in fact, there is a mutual like / dislike between them. Unfortunately, I do not want to go on a rant. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of the "Baptists in our Barbecue» I do not really care, to act. Performances are amateurish and unnatural, especially from the female role Beers Heather. Ms. Beers stumbles his way through the part without any passion or feeling for the role, and I was not too impressed with Dan Merkley, who is the main character in this bleak picture of the motion, but I have to say that it is much more talented or shows more talents in this film that Heather Bierce. Those who played in the sheriff was terrible too. While it may be a little laugh deep into the film, it is full of clichés. For example, the main character, tartan (Merkley), finds comfort with Indian who always gives his best advice on matters related to the tribal way of life - it's like a cliché? To make the situation even more helpless clichés, tartan buys a poor, lonely Gentile puppy dog. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice is to stay as far away from "the Baptists in our BBQ" as you can. I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be cute and fun little indie about religion. All I got, uh, piece of shit. Evaluation: D- <br /> <br /> My Rating Guide - A + (Absolutley faultless); A (masterpiece almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (large); V (very good); B- (good); C + (bag mixed); C (average value); C- (frustrated); D + (poor); D (very poor); D- (Absolutley horrible); F (not one redeeming quality in this Hollywood hunk feces).
