As might be expected, Mazursky film made in the 70s counterculture will, sympathetic towards the hippies - and there are many hippies in it - and, of course, is for children, anti-authoritarian (for example, the scene in the Mexican limit when Sutherland provokes officer customs, showing a bit of respect, and then accused last in forcing him to open his luggage just because he (Sutherland) has long hair). Constant left wing dig could get on my nerves were not prepared for it in advance; Sutherland muses my family and friends about potential movie ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas are not about black and Indian (it goes without saying that it will be received with open arms in the contemporary Hollywood). One of his ideas a movie about a black uprising in Beverly Hills - a race war, so to speak, in the middle of L.A .. It is such nonsense that Mazursky is thinking about when writing scripts for his films. Fortunately, some of the hippie friends Sutherland ridicule the black revolution preconditions, and not bad as a result of the dialogue; later, a Jewish guy makes a crack about Sutherland makes a film about "masturbation and black problem", when the latter begins to talk about masturbation. Another interesting point, when the eldest daughter of Sutherland performs some computer shit on stage with her white schoolmates, and they all say: "We, the black people of South Africa ...» <br /> <br /. > There is always a certain amount of pampering when Hollywood makes a movie about Hollywood - especially if it's Hollywood makes a movie about Hollywood discussing Hollywood make films. Now, it's very, very indulgent, actually. Scene from Fellini (playing himself) is more amusing than annoying, though. Mazursky throws in the standard of flower children and the anti-Vietnam stupidity in the soup, and pokes fun at corporate Hollywood, but he / it is as part of the "fake Hollywood" (the lyrics of the song in a surreal war segment) as anyone else; I am sure that he also makes a fake small talk in Beverly Hills parties and smiles fakely, shaking hands with people he either does not know or does not like, but whose money he wants bad for your next (left wing) project. As for his hair: he has the worst hair that I have seen in a very long time (on film or elsewhere); this kind of as a kind of long hair that middle-aged accountant will be when he grew up he was long. The film is relatively interesting, despite its aimlessness, but bogs down somewhat melancholy in the last third. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), please contact me by e-mail.
