The concept of this made for a horror movie TV ludicrous beyond words, but hey, it was in the late 1970s and literally all stupid horror formats have been pretty damn profitable, so why not use the idea of ​​Satanic owned a dog? The plot of "Devil Dog" easy to describe fans of the horror genre: just think of "The Omen" and replace newborn boy with jack German Shepherd puppies! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's what the film Oh! During the opening sequence, a member of a satanic cult buy female dog in heat only that he impregnated a devil. One might think that the Lord of Darkness has other things on his mind than to copulate with a German Shepard and take over the world one angry puppy at the time, but apparently not. Just like the little Damien in «The Omen», one of the puppies got into the model family and grows up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But Lucky ?? This dog's name ?? it is pure evil and eliminate the annoying neighbors and school teachers in the curious derivatives and poorly executed techniques. He also applied his malignant character in the family wives and children, but he can not bring his father (tilt) to stick your hand in a lawn mower, because he "chose the one." All this is too idiotic words, if the slope in the end, went to Ecuador to find the ancient wall paintings and receives advice from the old sorcerer, who speaks perfect English. I believe that he has learned to live in isolation on top of the mountain its entire life. Director Curtis Harrington ( "What happened to Elena," "Ruby") and lead actor of inclination ( "Wait until Dark", "Evil") desperately trying to create a disturbing and mysterious atmosphere, but all in vain. Scene as a cute puppy eyes spontaneously ignite Spanish maid or dog dodging bullets, even move cause laughter instead of fright, or even horrible musical melodies can chances. 'Special' effects are helpless, especially towards the end when Satan dog mutates into a completely shoddy shadow on the wall. «Devil Dog» is a really dumb movie, but it's certainly fun to watch late at night with some friends and loads of liquor. There are entertaining short cameos Beswick ( "Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde"), when a terrifying cult of the queen and R.G. Armstrong ( "Car», «The Pack") as evil fruits, vegetables and the puppy of a Salesman. And, yes, that annoying daughter is the same kid who gets blown away by complaining about the ice cream in "Assault on Precinct 13" Carpenter.
