Offering a killer combo strashnomom letters terrible acts and terrible direction, whether it Kinjite tossup: Prohibited items offensively bad or just funny bad. It's almost as if someone held a contest to make sleaziest, seediest Cannon film. As if look at the list of actors, including characters such as "Lesbian pedophile" "perverted gentleman," 'porn actress was not enough, this is your only chance to see a police officer Charles Bronson throw out a miserable existence on the bed and grab a dildo - but do not worry, it is normal as voiceovers cries clear that he was just trying his information. In the end, even if it's a little overprotective of his daughter a good Catholic, he is a good Catholic policeman who regularly brings the local Catholic priest, William O'Connell packed lunch and a believer in the poetic justice - or, at least, guaranteeing that the bad guys end in the slammer with lecherous inmates of maximum security can ensure to give them a taste of their own medicine. But that's what you get for telling him, "Look, I think you are a bit unstable." However, if later offered a bribe, he may growl, "I'd like to shove it up your ass, but I do not want to get my hands dirty, "he clearly knew where to draw the line: instead, it just makes him eat a $ 25,000 watch, and set fire to his Cadillac anal obsession even worth it to the title of the film:. in spite of the poster with the image of the naked Japanese girl on the set porn movie, only direct example of a film about Kinjite / prohibited items, and English teacher Language Alex Hyde White says a group of Japanese businessmen, is, um talk about your bowel movements in a decent society. <br /> <br /> Bronson is not too old for this, as the opening of the battle makes very clear that he is too old for the love interest Peggy Lipton, and it looks old enough to have a grown-up children. Best actor than he ever got credit for, when given the right material, so he gave the less well-structured than the number of outrageous reactionary oddities. If it does not expand the circle of suspect he accidentally dropping them to their deaths from the sides of buildings. He is not exactly RS copper, with a particular distaste for the Japanese - as if it was not so bad that they are buying up US companies, even worse, they double park on a public thoroughfare! Neither racial minority is not unassaulted, whether black pimp or a Pakistani porter or policeman die raw, be it a boss who knocks his fist on the table, or dead meat partner (Perry Lopez and his incredibly bad hair dye, so visible deserves screen billing all its own). Double thread of plot - LA police Bronson trying to remove a pimp Juan Hernandez, who is engaged in underage girls and porn-obsessed Japanese businessman James Pax in ?? take forever intertwined, and then in the most unexpected ways: after Copping feeling Bronson daughter on the bus ( "! Some Oriental guy touched my inner sanctum"), the idea of ​​a film of poetic justice Pax finds his own daughter kidnapped Hernandez. You half expect the writer of pop her head in the corner and said, "How d'ya like them apples» <br /> <br /> Somewhere under all laziness germ of a good idea, even if it is too muddily designed so that when or it will be clear exactly what the idea really is, but the execution is pure Rising Sun: Archie Bunker in the version, the shot is from takes R-rated 80th music video with an outrageous and quite lazy gantry shoot -'em-up -blow'em up finale, which sees a small army of machine-gunning the conspirators suddenly appears on the top free of the body count. The last of the Bronson mostly bad in various collaborations with J. Lee Thompson ?? and unfortunately the last film of Thompson as a director - it's a bad SIGNOFF two underrated players who more and more have never thought that talking about what pictures they said so.
