Legacy of Blood begins with the arrival of a lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) Dean estate, formerly owned by the late Christopher Dean (John Carradine), on arrival he met the four children of Mr. Dean, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) & his wife Laura (Merry Anders ), Victoria (Domergue faith), Johnny (Richard Davalos) plus Leslie (Brooke Mills) and her boyfriend Carl Eisenberg (John Smith). Drake played a tape recording they desire deceased father after his death, the property is worth $ 136 million should be divided equally between his four children when he dies, the money will be divided equally among the rest, and if they were all to die bizarre serving Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Kartalian tank) & more secular, named Frank (John Russell) will pocket a lot. Well, not happy with a quarter share of $ 136 million (which is still almost $ 35 million back in 1971, not too bad for me), someone decides that they want it all to myself and it's not long before, severed heads turn in the fridge ... <br /> <br /> Because written, produced and directed by Roy Monson blood Legacy disappointed me on two accounts. To begin to alternate the film and more common name Legacy of Blood, which is also the name of an obscure horror film directed by Andy Milliagn so in 78 I always wanted to see how movies are regularly mixed into both these stories and when I checked my on-screen TV guide cable blood Legacy I was excited, because he said that it was a movie Milligan and even included it as a director back when I actually sat down to watch it, and I heard a voice & I John Carradine then knew that it was not Milligan film that I would like to cheat, my heart sank. Then, of course, there is a simple, but, of course, straight forward, the fact that the blood of all Legacy complete piece of shit that just painful to watch at times. Scenario Monson and Eric Nord slow, boring and very predictable. Character completely bizarre annoying way, freak servants who ask for it by his sister (?) To stick it, an amazing set of brothers and sisters who are just totally unsympathetic and so far from reality that any tension or mystery simplistic story could whodunit reached sorely lacking, and then there is a terrible twist ending that you can imagine, for the first 10 minutes. It is sad to watch, it went bad and it's just a chore to even think about it. Please, someone save me, as it really bad stuff. I could go on all day about how bad legacy of blood, I could really. <br /> <br /> Director Monson was either to work with any existing budget or if we judge by this, he does not even have to direct traffic. The entire film looks ugly, it's bad out there photographed and no atmosphere or scares. Blood and Gore hand, have an ax to the head, the decapitated head, the scene when someone is stung to death by wasps and better murder when someone's face eating piranhas. However, there are question marks over the scene, so that the victim's right. There's a tank of piranhas, the case. Suffered head placed in piranha side, right. Pirahna eating faced by victims, law. The water is crystal clear, in spite of these sacrifices that his face eaten, uh where blood? <br /> <br /> From a technical Blood Legacy awful, it's awful looks, the sound is clearly fired live and it's muffled and hard to hear, considering the terrible dialogue can be a boon. Act was not going to win anyone remuneration, that's for sure, at least said about it the better. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy of a terrible film, there really is not one positive aspect, or if there is, I can not think about it. Do yourself a favor and do not bother with it, there are much better movies out there.
