I accidentally bought one of the "Heritage horror" 50 collections of package films and you will believe that I still look through them to find a good horror movie there. Sometimes you will find a nice even mannerisms alone, Messenger of the devil or the devil bat, or one of the greatest films of Alfred Hitchcock (some of them are not horror, but only there because Hitchcock directed some of the horror and suspense), but in other cases, it seems that they put films like the Island Monster, and it's because they can not accept the fact that they are easy to forget and need to be on this issue. <br /> <br /> So, we are opening for sorting gaming ideas vesting, rich as cruel and abusive father, played by Carradine (one permanent feature of this) has died and left a legacy to your children and servants, he still hates. Carradine gives a reasonably good performance, as always, but he left mainly to the recording of voice and retrospective sequences, leaving us to sit through a mediocre / awful performances. The remaining cast or overacts underacts or in stages. Considering it was an independent film 70s and the lighting effects are quite limited. It's hard to build a lot of stress when the viewer can not see what is happening, what is good in some scenes. Some actors, like a servant Igor and Elga give the effort, at least, and I'm ashamed to admit, kind of left me laughing at the end mainly for stupidity, but still with some very small happiness that they were pulling some Twist version in the otherwise completely obviously, someone is made, but not enough to improve the quality of the film. You are not like the characters as they are either selfish and violent or psychotic, but she takes it to a whole new level and makes a lot of unwatchable. death scene is pretty bad, and the unknown is not quite there. This proves that you are likely to enjoy 20 films package «Chilling», containing films such as House on Haunted Hill, Little Shop of Horrors with Jack Nicholson and Night of the Living Dead on it. This is best avoided.
