I filmed the video "The Pianist", without knowing anything about him other than what was written on the video box. I did this with some trepidation, because the films that win awards at Cannes, as a rule, very good or very bad. Unfortunately, this one falls into the latter category. About one-quarter of the way into it, I found that I say out loud, "This film is boring" About half way through I said to myself. "Where have I seen this before," three-quarters mark, I realized it?. <br /> <br /> Despite its literary origins, the film is essentially a remake of the much earlier (1969), and better, "that cold day in Robert Altman's Park". Although obviously different and detail work Altman plot was more or less drive character study, two identical films topically. There's nothing "new" to see in this production. Every aspect of this has been done before: the character gets out of control with more suicidal behavior (Abel Ferrara's "Bad Lieutenant," 1992); perverse and condemned "love" in the culmination of the opera (about) death scene (David Cronenberg "M. Butterfly" 1993); extremely hard sex scenes ( "Blue Velvet" by David Lynch 1986);., etc. Thus, I am puzzled by the fact that many found the film to be "shocking," "shake", etc. This is derived from the film it seems to have been made with the sole aim of making the viewer feel uncomfortable, and could obviously some, however, I mostly attributed to a lack of response to the film viewing experience. See enough movies and you will be sure, in the end, everybody saw it. And although it is true that I have seen ejecting "R-rated" version, I doubt that additional scene change my overall opinion of the "Pianist." <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is not without merit. There are several very good camera work and excellent lighting. commendable performance of Isabelle Huppert also helps to keep it from wasting time. This is the first of the films Haneke, I have seen, and when I see the more I expect that I would have the same opinion about it that I have Ferrara interesting director, but not nearly ingenious others make it to be, Rating: 4/10 .
