I rented it shortly after rent Ben Stein "Expelled" and thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before going further, it only seems fair that I show the following so the reader can see that I'm biased or not. I try to be objective, for the record. <br /> <br /> I usually enjoy the HBO show Maher now and then, though I rarely think that it is a source of humor. I really do not care about him any standing. But he makes some good moments on the show over and over again, and I liked Politically Incorrect, although it was still quite politically correct (which I think is negative, because the term sounds Orwellian, or at least, a fascist). As for my religious beliefs, I say, for the sake of simplicity, I'm not-DENOM. Christian with some species that objectivist and some that are mixed up in an agnostic <br /> <br /> That being said, it's bad, "documentary", for reasons which have not been touched on yet many reviewers. - although the ones mentioned are real, too. The reason that is not convincing, not only what he says the main point, not allowing others to speak (and its point is reduced to zero, a logical, it's just a "come on, really?" That is not a point, just a question. try David Hume, if you want a decent argument.). The reason is not convincing lie in its lack of experts on the subject. I've seen it about 2 months ago and I just remember that he spoke to a man whose credentials as a pro has been mentioned, if he was not a priest. There are probably hundreds of scientists, or at least, a professor with masters or doctorate, wanting to do a bit of verbal sparring, particularly in the fields of history, anthropology, and many others. <br /> <br /> If you compare this to Ben Stein "Expelled: No Intelligence is not allowed", he will find that Stein interviews on 30 accredited teachers, professionals, clergy, etc. it does so from a variety of sources with different experiences. He also makes the point in his film on freedom of thought and education. Maher could have easily said injustice committed theocratic rule for centuries or persecution from it. Instead, he refers to the idiotic secular totalitarian 20th century regimes as evidence of why atheism needs more social and political power !!!! (This is especially a bonus, where he stands in front of the Anne Frank House, I think.) This is a real head-Orwell travel. He blames Christianity, in particular, in many needless deaths - which had its share, although far less than most !! - not even including the main type of evidence. Perhaps this is because the argument is eclipsed by a miserable record of secular humanism of the 20th century alone. <br /> <br /> Another obvious weakness of his unwillingness to say anyone who is considered a moderate or "average" practitioners. He chooses the weakest gazelle herd. How difficult is it? How to prove the existence of exceptions to move toward refuting the general rule? It does not. Wow, so that people in the cults to think outside of the norm? How instructive to know that. Much work Maher! Again, it would be fairly easy to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work in refuting the idea of ​​a "patriotic duty", which requires a person fight in any war, his country was involved in. <br /> <br /> In addition to all that, he's just not funny here. Some of the clips that are superimposed on the "smart" out of context / disrespectful ways can dial a laugh, but mostly work, to show the real contextual argument Maher will NOT be forthcoming, much less convincing. He spends most of his time scrape Christians who beat inaccuracies and interviews with marginalized groups, it does not allow real answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are good questions honestly ask religious people and many of them have to ask yourself. It does not affect almost none of them. I get the feeling that I could have responded much better than most of his interrogation, than the people he interviews, but it smacks of a deck styling in terms of what is included and what is cut.
