I was a fan of all things, Bill Maher for 15 years, but this movie was a disappointment, and sometimes nasty. Of course, I am a Catholic, comes from a well-educated family, and go to the church of my own will, which probably puts me on the ends of quite a lot of Bill's opinions. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he believes that religion is uniformly negative. He correctly document the sociological aspects of it that one faith builds his vacation on the other, and that many wars have been started because of religion (or, more accurately, from the ominous calls men to the ultimate and unquestioned authority of God), but he said that he never looks at it from the positive side. Frankly, I think that hell will freeze over before Bill ever humbled and go to the slums of Calcutta, where Mother Teresa devoted her life to working with the poorest of the poor. Now she's dead, of course, but he could easily visit the Jesuit priest in East Los Angeles who works Homeboy Industries, which works with young people, as a rule, gangs and prison experience to teach their skills, get their tattoos removed and become responsible members of society, or he can visit the USC Institute for advanced Catholic studies, bringing together some of the best scholars, diplomats, and investment bankers to explore ways in which ethical integration of the poorest countries in the global I capital markets and thus improve the standard of living for half the world's people living on less than $ 1 a day. Of course, it will not do, because it would require him to consider evidence that is not easy to fit into his preconceived notions about religion, and it is much easier to continue to do vile, superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> it fits into another major problem with Bill movie, which is something that he would never put herself in someone else or on his level or who is better than him. In this film, you have Maher Grad Cornell spends most of his time talking down the trucker on the denomination of the Christian truck stop service, a nightclub with a Dutch guy who smokes pot all the time, with the Minister of the showcase of the church in Miami, which claims that 'it is the reincarnation of Christ, and the actor who plays Jesus in the «Holy Land» theme park. <br /> <br /> what you see in the film Bill, for some superficial speculation, along with the candidate Central Station, religion chemically alters the brain as drugs, and that religion is a mistake traditions influenced the masses with ' is a serious and inquiring interviews with philosophy and theology professors from schools like Notre Dame, Brigham Young, and Wheaton College, which could easily rhetorical behead him in a discussion on this issue. You do not see any serious discussion of any of the works of C.S. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclical, and of course you will not find any discussion at all of any of the non-Abrahamic (Judaism, Christianity and Islam) religion in general. Everything you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of condescension, snobby elitist on the west side of Los Angeles, which makes the film for a kind, and who has absolutely no understanding at all levels of the gut, the other half of America that the selected George W. Bush (twice) lives his life or school of thought behind it. <br /> <br /> I get a lot of that saying Bill, but for someone who has his intelligence and influence, this film was not less than deplorable. Anyone interested in the form of intellectual ferment that indie documentaries tend to bring might find more stimulation in an old rerun of the Teletubbies.
