John Boorman in 1998 and the General was declared as the primary return, though it is difficult to understand why on the evidence of the film itself. One of the three films made this year about the famous Northern Irish criminal Martin Cahill (instead of the usual criminal and Vicious Circles), it has a lot of incidents and style (the film was shot in color, but released in b & w Scope in some countries) but it makes absolutely no effect and just goes on forever. With the main character, which threatens to witnesses, the car doctors bombs, causing hundreds of people lose their jobs, trying to pay off sexually abused daughter of a gang to get out of jail and nail one of his snooker still remains a popular local legend enough attractive face for his wife to not only state, but actually offer MENAGE in trio with her sister, she needs a charismatic central performance to sell the character and the film. He does not get it. Instead, he roared with what may well be the worst and most unselfish performance of Brendan Gleeson: he delivers his lines and standing in the right place, but there is nothing to suggest, or local hero or the inner workings of a complex nature. On the positive side, it helps not overglamorize character, which is nothing more than a selfish thug, but it is at odds with the script, which seems to be waiting for us to love him and his cast. <br /> <br /> There's a small section that raises the interest, the IRA spur local company hatred against the "General" and his people, turning them as dealers "anti-social" drugs because Cahill will divide the loot from robbery with them, but her shot time resolution is so vague - something to do with Cahill donning a balaclava and join the protesters, which we expect to find lovably daring - it's just thrown away. Things are more successful in the final third, as the pressure mounted and his army will fall apart, but by then it is too late to really care. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and gorgeous Angelina Ball do a good job with a fondness for a supporting role, but Jon Voight in an unnatural Garda beat cop seems to be there more for US sales than the moral balance, overcompensating for comatose Gleason nonparticipation in what feels as the total misfire. Return Zardoz, all is forgiven.
