As with any movie, there is a good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you asked me to name a good gangster film, I would have dozens to choose from. If you asked me to name a bad gangster film, probably the first one to pop up in my mind, one that is still me in a kind of frustration depression for about a week since I saw the film for the first, and I promise you, for the last time. The film "The General" is not associated with the 1926 silent film of the same name. This is a very dry, very slowly gangster epic that raises questions not about the story (it's more than just follow), but why the filmmakers decided to make it a pretty shaky efforts. <br /> <br /> As with "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007), two superior ?? ?? mob movie "The General" is based on real people and real events. The film revolves around a criminal by the Irish named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson), who began his long chain of crimes steal food during adolescence, and then rises to rob a museum and a house as adults. Meanwhile, the police led by inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight), are trying desperately and energetically to prove only one of his crimes and convict (or kill) it. <br /> <br /> Maybe it's because, that it is a film in the same category as the wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two films "The Godfather", I was expecting too much from the "General". But it can go too easy on him. It would be a bad film, I had not seen the aforementioned masterpieces before flooded with sadness in this oater and its far too stretched while the screaming bad scenes. Let's start banging the movie just by looking at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, directed by John Boorman and cinematographer Seamus Deasy film selected this film in black and white, and his style and presentation, clear items belonging to a full color film. Now I have nothing against the b / w photos, even those taken during the modern. "Schindler's List" (1993) was more than ninety percent filmed in black and white and it is a masterpiece. "The General", made just five years after "Schindler's List" is not. The cinematography is also too blown out with high keys lighting that seem very distracting and give the film a very video game-like quality that I found just annoying. The filmmakers obviously going for a documentary-type style of a realist, like "Schindler's List" made, but they are not doing it, it seems too much like a documentary film, and at the same time, Zana DTA much as in the classic style of the movie. Performances range from film Defense poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave worthy enthusiasm for their roles, but it seemed to me sometimes that even they were getting kind of old by a terrible script, from which they were cited . sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to give it appeal in the 40th year of crime noir, but it's not because again, it's done too much like a modern picture and seems very out of place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that there is not one ?? not one ?? character in the movie, I felt no emotion or opinion for. In fact, at every moment of every scene, the only thought going on I had a "good head ?? so what? "moment, which in the best film may come across as a terrible shock or simply boring and takes a lot of time here. I do not sympathize with or hate the character of Brendan Gleeson, because the character was written Cahill just flat and sad. Gleason simply playing under ordinary and not strike a blow to the real Martin Cahill is clearly made. If a character is killed (as they always are in gangster movies), we do not feel anything. A lot of remorse, no relief, no wonder nothing. We just say, "So what?" And that's all I've been doing for the entire duration of this very shaky, very badly made crime film.
