Some funny bits, but come Bill! The film? Quoting Zeitgeist? Keep television shows and interviews, but the film? I'm probably overreacting, but what is not necessary provoking movie ... I do not know. I laughed, did not agree, I agree ... this film is very confusing and contradictory. <br /> <br /> Bill funny guy ... but also very bold rhetoric ... Bill is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian, but, like many comedians, the line between comedy and the declaration can be annoying. I think that the main problem in this film is its lack of sensitivity. This can only be a personal taste, but a comedy, which is constantly humiliates someone can not be accepted as the truth. Bill obviously emotionally responsive to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism has no meaning, but the answer can not be smart. This will create unnecessary confusion. We can do better than simply react to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we do not know," and he is trying hard to convince the audience that nobody knows anything, the fact that agnostics community drawn to its lack of serious research in the field of comparative religion. His humility, that he knows that he does not, it is a contradiction, as he tries to assert that all religious thought nonsense. <br /> <br /> I had big problems with vision Zeitgeist bits in the movie Bill. All astrotheology influence nonsense that simplifies all religions as it is just a disappointment. Zeitgeist has caused much controversy and messed up the reality of so many valuable Religious Science. It is very sad how wrong facts have been thrown around without any precise scientific sources. Astro-mystical sources, which reduce everything to "the stars tell all", it seems, from the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement from confused "agnostic." Agnosticism is much more complex and philosophically academic than to protect each question, as "we do not know." <br /> <br /> This film is a clear proof of how postmodernism could simplify and generalize the basic questions of human history. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (it has a fun interview and bits), but please do not act like Bill. You can not wait for someone to have a mature conversation when you do Sardonic comments in any other line. His methods of dispute derogatory and insulting, causing emotional reactions rather than rational and logical reasoning .. There must be a more permanent way to solve these problems.
