I worked my way through a collection of Lugosi movies lately, and just a couple of days ago was put on a combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat" I'm really looking forward to seeing them work together in "The Raven". Unfortunately, it just does not work for me, and at the end of the movie I was very disappointed. <br /> <br /> In the first three quarters of this film so I thought that this story has not been any real suspense. Lugosi does a very good job of holding things together as a mad doctor Vollins, his native surgical genius who falls in love with young women (Irene Ware), he sees a car accident, but who can not have it - partly because that it is already working, and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinde) disapprove. To cope with this situation, he enlists the aid of Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) - terribly ugly man who wants Vollins, to make it look more acceptable. In addition to performing Lugosi, though, I found little to hold my interest. Then, suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the film moves around completely. Suddenly becomes very anxious, but I thought that Lugosi performance collapsed, mainly because the movie was trying to remove him from his insane mind - and there is a difference. He plays the "mad" part very well - controlled and operated, but evil. "Crazy" is more out of control evil, and I do not think that Lugosi pulled that off well. At some point, he offers some maniacal laughter, which only comes across as fake. At the same time, Karloff was a huge disappointment. He never grabbed me. As an aside, it should be grated on Lugosi, that - in the movies, in which they participated Star - Karloff gets top billing, even if «The Raven» is clearly Lugosi, who is the lead actor. This, of course, gives a clue as universal rank their two big stars of horror - inexplicably, I would like to add, because I always thought that Lugosi as the best actor of the two <br /> <br /> In any case. there is no real connection here the story by Edgar Allan Poe's "The Raven" - except that Vollins Poe fanatic, trying to recreate some of the torture methods from Edgar Allan Poe stories for. On the whole, disappointing. 4/10.
