Previous commentator Steve Richmond said that walking on the moon, he said, "is not worth your $ 7." I ended up paying a little more than import that one of the worst quality of DVD I have seen this film or any film in existence. Even if you ignore the fact that the DVD is obviously derived from the interlaced master and just disgusting to watch in motion, the film has no saving quality (except for Anna's presence) to watch high-quality Blu-Ray transfer costs. Not that it's any wine other participants. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen all high score in relation to Anna Paquin acting ability cards. Much more than Holly Hunter and Sam Neill made in spite of the equally lousy script anyway. CV Director Tony Goldwyn had nothing to crow about, but Pamela Gray resume includes the most dramatic tour Wes Craven is fear or slasher genre, so one would think that this case is a bad direction. <br /> <br /> As I have already pointed out, the only reason I watched this movie Anna Paquin. In her acting debut, she is literally operated by industry veterans with a minimum experience of twelve years of her under the table. Despite the fact that it is not so far ahead of her castmates here, her performance as a girl who starts out as a part of the apron and grows into a woman whose world crumbles around her proves her Oscar was no fluke. For some time I am on the other, it will be the best choice to reflect the character of my second novel, complete, and seventy-three minutes of dialogue in this film is another demonstration of why. This woman can literally operate the paint off the walls. Anna aside, only Liev Schreiber is close to elicit sympathy from the audience. Of course, his character spends the vast majority of the film neglecting his wife with an existential crisis, but he plays a man angry reaction that feels cheated brilliantly. I need to know, even if it is not from the same circumstances here. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen also deserves praise for his portrayal of a Salesman, though perhaps not to the same degree. Figuratively speaking, he is a villain, but he successfully gives character to the third dimension. Yes, his actions, even after all this will blow up are cunning, but not many people will act differently in his situation. Nobody wants to be the other person in a tainted-up situation, so Vigo deserves a lot of credit for giving it a try here. Unfortunately, it's all in the story of a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage, where Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the archetype of the Mills and Boon women, who are the only ones who feel life is passing, simply does not exist. Or author Pamela Gray and director Tony Goldwyn thought that they could just put that line in the movie, not thinking about how viewers can get it. Anna even gets to speak mind the audience when she asked Diana, who it should be lecturing anyone about responsibility. <br /> <br /> However, the film does have a few things besides Anna going for it. original music Mason cheeky, but not standing out in any case, gives the film a certain feeling of being recorded in a time painted, which helps when the other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that while Liv is a great actor, placing it next to Vigo in the history of women are forced to choose between her marriage and her imagination is a big mistake. It is also very true that if the film is delayed scene Lane and Mortensen skinny dipping or attachment to each other under the waterfall, it loses its focus from being a story of transgression and become soft porn. The film seems terminally confused about the situation in its history. No matter how many times I rewatch Liv scene, I can not help but feel that he had been deceived in the direction or editing. It is not necessary to make their conclusions especially handsome or beautiful, but it is taking steps to make them more interesting or developed characters in the piece would have gone a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also affects the nail right on the head when he said that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he thought her character was where the real story lay. Stories about his wife feeling neglected and empties into the hands of a man who seems to be interesting or even dangerous are a dime a dozen, to the point now, even setting a story in parallel with the event as strange as the moon landing would not help. Despite the feeling of disgust in the order in which the history of her character, Anna, perhaps, will also go to the neon above her head she asks the audience if they would prefer to see it all through her eyes. Although I'm well aware that it is difficult to control exactly what the nature of your audience will find the most interesting of gypsum, it is very much as if they did not bother to try to Lane and Schreiber. Supporters of the two would be well advised to look elsewhere. Hopes that now my raving about the respective performances give some idea of ​​where it all went wrong. <br /> <br /> I gave a Walk on the Moon three out of ten. Anna Paquin earned a bonus point with one of his best performances (and that says something).
