Written by a woman, and another director. Whoppie. We are within feminist trip there. Fasten your seat belts, at home, because we are entering into the world of middle men and innocent, well-meaning women. <br /> <br /> In this soaper Trichet guy comes in the agency employment, which behaves, looks and dresses like a pimp (!), and gives her a job with the hope of nailing it after a while. In his office he even touches her chin on how megalomaniacal heavy in the Bond movie will touch the girl only after he grabbed her and just before he was ready to kill her along with Bond. After a while the guy pimp / employment creeps Trichet in the women's restroom, oppresses her, and even close to raping her. Oh, those evil, evil people. They're all bad, you know. You can not even look at the work in our time without getting raped, right at home? Well, we'll show them! In this film there is some divorced women's club or something, headed by Janet Lee, who says all the woman involved in the film, when she says that "people are s ** t." She moans about how terrible men; she was divorced five times. Now seriously: any woman who gets married twenty times, and then uses these statistics as an argument that men are "bad" must have finally realized that the explanation might lie elsewhere, or? This should happen to her, that: a) it is a poor judge of a man's character, or - more often - b) it is impossible to live alone - her former spouse must have been a victim, or if they were really * * holes, it probably got what she deserved. (He does not like a pity Gabor and Liz Taylor prove this point? Show me a nice woman who married that often, and I'll show you the way to reach the planet Mars, using only roller skates and stairs.) Trichet finally meets computer guy who restores my faith in people - but keep your horse; this guy is married, so to prove without doubt that people do all the "bad". If it was not, of course, for the benevolent old vegetable seller around the corner who loves his wife, even though she is still dead - proof that all men are "bad" for the kindly old man whose penis does not work, and besides that they "can" t get nothing, "in any case, so they are forced to abandon life ** holocolism and finally give women the respect they deserve. Even support the male characters all the "bad"; black guy in the agency employment unfriendly, and the guy in the morgue is out right rude - and insensitive (bastard, * sob * ... * sniff * ??) And this banal, trite ending?. .. a few minutes before the time trial Trichet waives any money of her husband, knowing that she was now "free", and that she can finally make a jump in the pool ... ?? What does all this mean ?? Her leap into the pool and then - quite predictably - frozen frame as loans start to role in, while life inspires me-nya-necessary-revenge-nor-my-husband's money music starts to beat her friend. shocked by her refusal of your claim, but they do not remain in shock for a long time, and will soon begin to joke with each other about what a heart attack lawyer Trichet will receive when he finds out about this. Lawyer shyster, of course, man. Evil, evil, scary "bad" people, who are interested only in the world of money ... Ah, these people; all they care about money; they know nothing about the higher values ​​in life - like shopping. I am glad that we have movies like this; they bring genders closer together, but most importantly, they are taught to girls and young women, that men are horny, selfish, skirt-chasing bastards who throw you into a world of poverty and misery the first chance they get. Yes, girls open mouth poke tongue in the mouth of his girlfriend. Lesbian power!
