I recently had the opportunity to view the work printed in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) of this title. It's hard for me, being a lover of art, as I have to report the following, but the truth sometimes hurts, and to be honest, after sitting through this tripe (I use the definition of slang here - useless statements or letters) for one and a half hours, I feel I feel obliged to share (WARN) all parties concerned. Let's start from the beginning, a good place to start, as always. The first 15 minutes is not really so bad, a couple of laughs, and the development of decent, but then deteriorated. This story of a woman in her mid-thirties, that (as the author would like you to believe) dissatisfied with their lives and unfulfilled. The first major difficulty arises when, if you do not know that fact, going to the movies, you will not know when she suddenly risked everything for him, in my opinion, very untidy and unlikely cast your local reseller. There is little development (dramatically underdeveloped) to justify their actions in the case it has, and if this happens, the person feels like I did, that it is simply a low moral character. The word "slut" comes to mind, I hope they will allow that is being tested, and after the comment. This, in my opinion, is the first fatal flaw of the film. If you are married or have ever been in love, regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, it's going to transform you. Honestly, I feel that it would make it much better "Blue Movie" - is the level at which I think deserves a script. The second fatal flaw is the casting, Diane Lane just does not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right man for the job, believe me. The only saving grace for the film, Anna Paquin, the depth of her abilities as a fine actress shines in places, passing a thin, but very stupid (I'm sorry for the dichotomy, but it's accurate) image developing teenager. Bravo, well done. I'm not going to give away the ending, but I was disappointed that the room like a piece of life romance is one thing ... but the ending like that .... Well, if you tease enough to see this picture, do not say I did not warn you, but look better quickly - if it's celluloid released, I doubt that it is four weeks before the rupture in a fire. I would say that the wait for the video, but free sex education tape in most retail outlets video more entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman made it, you think he's learning after Ishtar. This film once bore the working title "Blouse Man» and had to be left on the counter. If you have never in my life wanted to get out on the film to give it 35-40 minutes, the only thing worth looking at is Anna Paquin, if you can stomach the fact that you will find your mind whether or not you are drifting took rubbish before you left the house, which is probably where you should have stayed in the first place, if you are outside the cinema to see it. It has two cents, for what it's worth.
