As you have gathered from the title, I honestly think that this film will be the worst zombie film of all time. Acting, camera work, writing, special effects and everything else remotely connected with this movie sucked. People argue that while this film is terrible and terribly acted production, but it comes through with a clever witty script. Wow. The plot has more holes in it than I or anyone else could have been expected. To begin with, why would the government say anything to get back to work if it's not safe? I know that the government was supposed to be evil, but they do not get by killing the entire population. There will be no one to manage! Another thing that I was wondering about that, even if the government ordered all to go to work, why do people go when streets were swarming zombies? Zombies were going to hide in the bushes and ambush unsuspecting people to help the government of plotting to kill everyone on the planet? And what about the ending? It's silly Torch guy sacrifices his life to get a few shots of the zombies close. He must have forgotten that each chamber is made in the last 35 years has a zoom function. And another thing, why he says Hindenburg, before he dies. Hindenburg was a rare event saw very few people. Zombie threat is seen by everyone in the country, perhaps the world. He does not think that someone would get a few shots? They also managed to destroy only part of an interesting scene in the movie when soldiers watching an exotic dancer. Why zombies hide behind the curtain for five minutes before the attack on the girl? Especially if zombies could have come through the door. It's probably just something goofy zombie movie fan, like I do not understand. Every day I pray to God to increase his potential brain long enough for me to find out all the subtle nuances of the Feeding of the Messiah. <br /> <br /> Anywho, I think it's interesting that this is the first film that gave me the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production. Hey, Trent Haaga, I'm calling you!
