First, a little summary. This reporter called the Torch basically trying to get the story of a zombie outbreak and find the military and the government censor it. Good communication, government censorship and all that, but the way they made the film was, well, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This film defies description. The idea that someone keeps it in higher regard than anything George Romero reviewer justification enough to be committed to a psychiatric hospital. The script itself is brutal, as it was written in the sixth grader.As for special effects, I understand that independent films are low budget, and some effects Gore looked acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, here's a tip: buy a non-combustible material, I have a fire extinguisher ready, and get the fire! Do not digitally add it and make it look like a blast from the game on the Nintendo 64. Actions, well let's get this wrong. In my summer theater program, a cold script reading, compared to this, The Godfather. I will not even go into inconsistency. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> What bothers me the most, however, was when it was all over after the shooting and editing, someone might say, "Well, it looks good. Let's release him. "It sends a chill down my spine to even think about this, think somebody thinks that it was good enough for the DVD release. This is not the quality of DVD. This is not the quality of the channel Sci-Fi. Hell, it's not even as a film school. If you were to submit the project to film school, you get F. No, not even the F, F. more I would not be surprised if he tries to get you kicked out. <br /> <br /> I felt used after I saw this thing. Blockbuster and the creators of the film have the money right now, and I would prefer not to think about what they do with it. I was a pawn of some complicated, disgusting scheme legalized theft, and it does not feel good to think that I walked right into it, looking at the back cover with pleasant memories 28 days later, only to find the film Ed Wood will look and talk later, "I do not much care for it." this movie is the worst film I've seen. I do not see Ed Wood, but I have confidence that it is worse. If you are looking for a serious movie, as in ten feet of it, is likely to give you a bad headache. If not, I recommend that Director personally write and ask how he sleeps at night. However, if you're the kind of person who gets a laugh out of very bad things, then I recommend you check it out. You will not be disappointed.
