I could not believe that this horrible film was actually made at all. With the worst actors, you might find the worst script written (Mark Frost & Solles Mitchell) and, of course, the worst waste of time to browse. I'm not going to peel the story as it really is not worth it. But I will focus on some of the performances and picked stories. As for history, it is very hard to believe that this bitty mad schemer can actually do what she did. It's actually the wife could not defend itself against the tiny things. The fact that the husband can really find a nut case attractive at all. The fact that a lawyer can break all the court rules there were, and continue to do so after the judge ordered Blankety blank to shut up. And the end result is a film insulting the justice codes films and males. The theme of this cereal produced women do, how they want to kill anyone they want to protect the killer and get away with it, while the guy rot in jail an innocent victim. Hard to believe that Solles Mitchell, director, and the person would even want to do this dig <br /> <br /> As for the action :. Jordan Ladd, a killer, it's terrible. A multi Loony, which makes the island at the time of her murder (as permitted by the court?) She misses me to handle. Another look batting her eyes and showing how innocent she was, and I would have to quit. She did not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife. Husband, played at the same level of sleep Vincent, only seems to seek and act silly most of the time. He was so predictable in his performance fell into the trap set for him all the women around him. The worst part by far was the Holland Taylor as the protection of Antalya. She acted more on throughout the film and made a mockery of justice. If she cross-examined me at any time, I would have told her to go take a hike. Everyone else is doing its job in this film unkempt in accordance with the instructions to do so. <br /> <br /> I would give this film a zero rating. However, we have to start with 1. Too bad. Let us not be more painful to watch movies like this. life can do better then that, I know <br /> <br /> This is a postscript :. It made a mistake to turn this insipid film by mistake. As soon as I saw Bimbo Jordan Ladd, I knew I had seen it before and did not like it. I not only turned the damn thing, but I had to add their anger at people like Solles Mitchell, who wrote the script, but the direction of this horrible film. Doesen't anyone saw her / his message that paying disease. I am sick and going around killing people in order with the director / writer. It is making the male idiots. Well, this man tells you to go stuff it somewhere painful. We're not all that stupid and speak your so-called film that, since this man deserves to be denounced. <br /> <br /> And the loser again specified. Why ???? Can not you read the comments on this stupid and vile movies? Should we see constantly exposed Bimbo Jordan Ladd again and again? Get it on TV, cinema and out of sight. She just terrible in every sense of the word. Phew !!!!
