It is immoral and reprehensible piece of garbage that no doubt wants to be Friday the 13th (1980) clone. The poster for the film, it looks like there will be some sort of a cross between Jason and Freddy, who are likely to attract moviegoers. There's nothing good or entertaining about this film about this film. It just makes me sad just to think that some people are going to attack the Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on video or DVD, and spend your time with this boring, cynical, depressing movie <br /> <br /. > Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a counselor at Camp Rolling Hills, which hopes that other people are as good as it is, and that they stay out of trouble. At the same time, other people understand that people are disappearing one after the other, Angela made on the basis of what she had to send them home. Angela can be a killer, who once was a man who underwent sex reassignment surgery years earlier? Who knows? Who cares? <br /> <br /> In the 1980s, it was home to many of the films that have made a cross between Mad Slasher and Dead Teenager genres in which a demented killer is enraged. Some of them have a story, some are not, but they are all about as bad as this one. Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers 80 minutes adolescents are introduced and then stabbed strangled impaled, cut, burnt alive and mutilated. It's all this film. It's just senseless, bloody violence. <br /> <br /> Looking at this movie, I thought of Friday 13 films in which the message to its audience that the main function of adolescents should be hacked, filmmakers about the camp II sleep have every right to be ashamed of yourself . Imagine the painful message that this film offers its teenage audience: "The world is a place of absolute evil," this film tells you, 'and he will kill you it does not matter what your dreams or your hopes .. It is not matter if you have a new boyfriend, or a new relationship. It does not matter what you think, what you do or what your plans for the future. you can forget these plans, because you're just going to wind the dead. "<br /> <br /> big deal - and not giving too much - the film simply sets the number etc. cravings. Well, why not? They probably already have a bucket with a cesspool, making three or four of these films. I missed the original Sleepaway Camp (1983), and, after watching the first sequel, I I hope to stay out of other sequels, as well as the original. and for the parents, you know, kids who really like this movie, do not let them date of his children.
