So this is what actress Kim Basinger succumbed? Hmmm ?? to tell the truth the name of the movie is that it is capturing the eye to get your interest and plot outline readings so simple, but the simplicity could have their strengths. Either way, the end "While it was not" I left feeling pretty indifferent. No worse (although covered negatives), but there is easily a better way that is due to the warm, but compact and unbalanced late-night survival stories weak suburban housewife stranded in the woods, trying to fight for his life after she witnessed the death of the rental cop who came to her aid if she called the ugly exchange with some punk in a shopping parking lot. <br /> <br /> issue here falls to unstable and erroneous foreseeable material (a short story), with highly variable performance. Contrived script was poorly laid out (which is not so good if your site has a small structure hangs), so many accidents on and questionable actions, just go on to find their way in this endless chain of events. With regard to the ligaments stereotypical thugs (led by Lukas Hass unconvincing as a free canon) terrorizes Basinger, and they were less threatening, but hopelessly ignorant. Basinger watching around in the dank stealing the wilderness with red tool box in his hands (do not ask me why) Beating the wannabe punk one after another became funny because it does not cause stress or emotion ?? but instead clumsy thrusts, which were ridiculously abnormal because of nonsense leading up. Basinger performance is strong as, but not craft a lot of empathy. Craig Sheffer shows her hot-tempered husband. Oddly enough, I could not take my eyes off the screen ?? thinking to myself that the red set of tools hypnotic (why is it always wear it), and what instrument she was going to use to send the next thug ?? her choice was very disappointing. Watching her transformation through traumatic situations, when things finally turning quite empty, because of its uncertain tone, and the ending that you could see for miles ahead. <br /> <br /> sober slippery direction of Susan Montford lacks cohesion and energy, as this is largely puffing along. I liked the opening credits, though, with its hauntingly moody number (which is the most effective thing for all functions) and highly polished photograph. <br /> <br /> unprofitable. It is not asking much of your time, but I would not care to see him again. However, with the inclusion of Joy Division songs, it made me take a couple of albums to listen to.
