I really do not want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear classical one thousand nine hundred sixty-two Cape Fear movie, but I can not do anything. Not only am I a huge fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck starred Cape Fear, but when Scorsese includes a scene straight out of the previous film (Cady took the keys from the ignition, a dog dying), and even by using a Bernard Herrmann throughout the entire movie, he It does not give me a lot of opportunities, so as not to make a comparison, I can not help but think of the classic Cape fear in almost every scene. When comparing the version of Scorsese's Cape Fear to the classic version, reworking classic comes with destroyed; but even when shooting the film itself, it's still bad. <br /> <br /> Now, Scorsese and screenwriter Strik not just a remake of the 1962 Cape Fear scene to scene, they tried to do something different. Unfortunately, this is one of the film's problems. Gone are the original mind and animals, as Max Cady, who from personal revenge, Max Cady in version 1991 is a religious fanatic, to "save" Sam Bowden and who is in touch with his feminine side (his words, not mine) . Also gone is standing strong and Sam Bowden seen in the classic film Cape Fear, Sam found in the remake of 1991 period is very blunt, Wizard, incredulous and very unpleasant. Even Mrs. Bowden very different character - she was madder than Max Cady is! The whole story has also been changed around - Sam testified against Cady in court to put him in jail as in the classic version, Sam is now a former lawyer Cady, who Cady suspects do everything possible to keep him out of jail and out, to "save" him. <br /> <br />, in general, the story has been changed, and I do not think too much against him, but a common scenario is also weak all around. Other Suba-sections have been thrown into the mix, which not only detracts from the broader picture, they are also just poorly written. The film also includes several scenes frankly ridiculous and filled with apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can not take even a little seriously. These aspects take on a dangerous and exciting nature of the film is supposed to be there, but they have some help in that department as well. <br /> <br /> Currently, the classic version of Cape Fear was extremely withdrawn with a brilliant light and powerfully effective suggestive subtlety combined with undisguised brutality, which brought the thrill when the film is called, and a sense of danger to him throughout his completeness. However, Scorsese is not able to do it all in his Cape Fear, giving the film a cookie cutter in the early 1990s look, there is no sense of danger, not tense scene, and a bit of style (with the exception of fire and revives horizon style). Yes, there are some hideous violence and some efforts have been made to make this Cape Fear larger than the original, but ultimately empty and all of a shock, but not fear. <br /> <br /> If all that was not enough, the current is not great either. Robert De Niro (as somehow nominated for an Oscar for his work) begins well, as Max Cady, but it is getting worse and worse, until it starts to get nothing but laughter instead deterred until the end of the film. The opposite thing happens because of Jessica Lange and her speech Mrs Bowden, moving from replays throughout most of the film gives a convincing manifestation of fear and despair to the end. Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains unchanged throughout the film: beige. Juliette Lewis (who also wound up in an Oscar nomination) decent enough in its role as Danielle Bowden, but it has to play a real silly character, and it's really hard, like what we see on the screen of her. <br /> <br /> This film seems to be often considered to be one of the few good alterations, and I can not understand why. I wanted to love it; I really - I mean, if it's a remake of Cape Fear, I rather like that one, too - but I just could not. containing nothing to be great on its own and be crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, I found Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear to be a very bad film really. The best things about the film Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their support roles - go figure it out.
