First of all, in fact, Kim Basinger? Your rich banker husband leaves you alone in your beautiful, it is likely to pay cash for a home, and you can not even put on a decent shirt? I am a woman, and yes, I'm going to come right to say that it is - pure, then starting with your hair. And while you're at it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your children some gifts ... or, at least, on the Christmas tree. Nha drive 40 minutes to a crowded shopping mall, park your car for 3 miles and cry about it all walk in and just buy wrapping paper. In addition, the next time you decide to leave someone a nasty note, sun sign it. I refuse to feel sorry for Della. It is obvious that due to the fact that Kim Basinger is executive producer of this masterpiece, she wants to make you feel bad for the poor white blond woman. We get it. Alec Baldwin jerk, but seriously, wholly modeled after the terrible movies in your own life. In addition, you have the 50-ies. You definitely will not have the 8-year-old twins. And these names? Terry and Tammy. Way to let your children grow up with any decent chance of ever self-respecting. It's also pretty fantastic to hear the characters in the film constantly called her beautiful, or refer to it as "girl" ... Obviously, Ms. Basinger has been some talk about what's going on in the script. It's also rather strange that none of the perpetrators can not resist. Apparently, the magical ninja skills Dell can not be beat. Her driving skills are pretty nifty, too. This movie is so banal, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They are written in your name wrong on the cup of tea. Or your husband put a hole in the wall, but all you can think about buying nail polish, if you are in the mall, but not some, perhaps, plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school with teddy bought you look. Boohooo! The fact that she refused to take off that BRIGHT trench coat while running through the woods shouting and breaking everything in its path proves my point - this is a woman moron. Who thinks to capture a set of tools from the car, but not their purse full of detection artifacts, such as an address. I never wanted to "bad guys" to succeed as much as when I watched this movie. And who else will happen to catch the "black" sports shirt black guy? Ah, yes, so feast your eyes on, perhaps the most racially stereotypical props in the film yet. Do not spend and hour and twenty minutes of his life. Instead, go out and do what Dell could not figure out how to do it ... take care of your children, and possibly brush your hair. This power ballad in the end, even though it was pretty impressive. Singing "I'll houses at Christmas" in the rain, as long as your bloody hand clinging to so tightly to your wrapping paper is about as emotional as it gets. Thanks to Dell!
