While the first original blood had their moments flimsy, it was at least exciting piecemeal. Rambo: First Blood Part II shifts the emphasis very much on the comic action. Credibility completely rejected; the logic of a nose dive; Stallone has become so invulnerable that there can be no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like any other wishes come true fighter of the time (for example, the US invasion, Commando, Red Scorpio), Rambo: First Blood Part II cancels its own capabilities for real excitement, introducing the hero too invulnerable to fear for. If you can tell from the word go that Rambo was going to destroy hundreds of enemy soldiers that remained to get excited? <br /> <br /> A prisoner after the events of the first film, John J. Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) is offered pardon if he would join a covert operation in the Far East. 1985, and the mission being arranged to determine whether there are American prisoners of war still closed in the jungles of Vietnam. Rambo is invited to take the work of his old mentor Colonel Trautman (tilt), but the appointment is actually the brainchild of the government outfit fronted by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo work just to go to a camp in the jungle to check whether it contains the American prisoners of war ?? if not, he must meet the shredder; if this happens, he needs to get photographic evidence of their existence, so that they can be saved for later. Helping him in his quest house troops with local knowledge, a beautiful and resourceful Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Of course, Rambo discovers that there are prisoners of war in the camp, but he surpasses his orders, saving one of them ?? when it reaches the convergence point, the rescue helicopter leaves it on the orders of Murdoch, who, it seems, really does not want to find any prisoner of war because of the political and military consequences. Rambo captured by the enemy and tortured, but he sets the escape after the explosion, to release prisoners of war and get revenge on his treacherous Murdoch. <br /> <br /> A few good moments in the film come from Jack Cardiff polished photography, exciting score by Jerry Goldsmith, and obvious professional stunt team in performing various tricks action. In addition to these poor kits, film failure. Actors are reduced to macho posturing plot ring false, action sequences are callous and suspenseless, absurd dialogue ?? even violence becomes numbingly predictable. At the time of its release America, chaired by Ronald Reagan, people with simplified and almost hysterical anti-communist sentiment. For this reason, modern audiences lapped up the Commie bashing shooting festival, as if it was the greatest movie of all time, transforming it into an undeserved box office success. Fortunately, times have changed ?? now we can look at it as a simple-action flick with a ridiculously high number of victims, ridiculously stupid policy and ridiculous character.
