The specter of war in Vietnam chased the American psyche for thirty years. If not for the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers went MIA in Vietnam, or the way in which those who were treated back then because it was the first war that America could say that he had lost. Many people come home from the war a shadow of themselves, and the original First Blood could provide little understanding of their problems, as they tried to turn back to the world, as they say. First Blood Part II, p other hand, is a bit bigger than a fist pumping mess that goes to show how the pain in America can be, both in victory and defeat. Stallone put in another sluggish performance as the titular commando special forces while trying to apprehend a serious tilt factor actor. Where it all comes undone in the script, which did better when it was called the Missing in Action and starred Chuck Norris. What's a little like the original logic was no, because the filmmakers decided to draw a big S on a massive chest. <br /> <br /> Rambo film picks up some time after the end of the first blood. The film, that is - the novel does not allow for the possibility of sequels. This mediocre monitoring, Rimbaud was put to work on what seems to be a kind of open-air mine. It breaks the rocks and work up a sweat, a prison guard pulls it away to go and talk to Colonel Trautmann, who advises him that his government was ready to offer him early release if he goes to a hidden mission. Rambo, never one not to retreat from Enforced hard day's work, takes and immediately sent to a hidden database that appears to Cambodia or Thailand (I forget which). From there, it is authorized to search the camp, where, as expected, that keep American MIAs, and to photograph them. Its mission is quite clear that it does not make any attempts to secure their release. Rambo to be Rambo, however, has other ideas, despite their possible political consequences. <br /> <br /> Of course, the situation is somewhat crooked, when it turns out that the people commissioning Rambo are more interested in making sure that no American MIAs found. This is an age-old conspiracy theory, and makes no apologies for the operation of the plight of many American families, left without a son for ten years, that the official war in Vietnam was raging. Of course, with chauvinism, which was inherent in American society in the 1980s, they could not help, but the work at the site of the tangent of the Vietnamese army, being in bed with what appears to be a Russian battalion. Together, the two antagonists are trying to get what information they can from Rambo, but it turns out to them in an orgy of bullets, arrows, missiles and destruction. About the only thing missing at the time when Rambo drinks from the Grail as a chalice and declares himself invulnerable. <br /> <br /> To be honest, First Blood Part II is well photographed and well-choreographed, action spectacle. A close combat with great Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has any dramatic tension at all. The rest is just a case of lead actor and director builds a fantasy for Americans to pump his fist. Fortunately, this strangeness Film über Alles Action America soon abated when more thoughtful and intelligent war films such as Platoon began to make the rounds. Some of the killings shown here are very creative, despite all the problems. Vietnamese leader met the end that numerous film villain action envy. Russian commander bites him in a manner that is as exciting as it is funny. Only in the 1980s action movie to see one LAW used inside the helicopter. . Of course, it was the action movie clichés rooted in the contradictions of reality, but never this funny before <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood Part II, one of the ten. It's so bad that it's funny and so funny that it is often funny. One does not even have to serve in the army, in order to know how stupid some of the action sequences are. The only risk it takes in an effort to make a stupid political statement that is heartbreaking subject for those who are directly involved. Keep your tongue firmly in cheek, and it can be watchable.
