According to the law, it should not never been «First Blood Part II». The original screenplay for «First Blood» was John Rambo commits suicide at the end of the film, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel, but because test audiences found the original ending is too depressing. Nevertheless, someone obviously thought that character was too good to waste, because he was the hero of two more films in the eighties, plus the recently released fourth installment. <br /> <br /> The official name of the film was "Rambo: First Blood Part II», but more commonly known simply as "Rambo". It begins with the title character in prison, where he allegedly redeeming the crimes he committed in the "first blood", although it never made too obvious. He was removed from the prison of his former commander, Colonel Trautman for a secret mission. Rambo has to return to Vietnam to investigate reports that American POWs were still in captivity of the communist regime. He is under strict instructions not to try to save a prisoner, or to engage the enemy; it should just be a fact-finding mission. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not understand that he is currently installed, do not Trautman, who is portrayed as a brave, noble and incorruptible, but the organizer of the mission, a military bureaucrat named Murdoch. Murdoch intends that the mission will prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, partly because of better relations between the American and the Vietnamese government, in part because it will make your own life easier. Unfortunately for Murdoch, Rambo discovers that not only Americans still held prisoner, they are also found in hellish conditions. Of course, it is too much the hero, to leave them to their fate, and trying to save them. The rest of the film is more or less one long fight between Rambo and several allies (including the beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the evil communist soldiers and their Russian allies. Most evil commies, of course, eventually died, though I was surprised to learn from the section "stuff" that the total death toll was as low as 67. Sometimes it seemed solid Rambo tries to destroy the Vietnamese army. <br /> <br /> tons of this film is very different from the first. In «First Blood» Rambo was doubtless criminal, despite the fact that his responsibility for his crimes has been reduced severe provocation and his mental instability. The "Rambo", he is a bona fide all-American hero. Several years ago, director George Pan Cosmatos, made the "Cassandra Crossing", a displaced portion of the left-wing anti-American propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing if not universal, and "Rambo" proves that he can turn his hand to the right-biased pro-American propaganda. One thing the two films have in common is that both are ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> «First Blood" had its disadvantages, but it also has its advantages. His position is that the anti-war movement was partly to blame for the problems faced by Vietnam vets in adjusting to civilian life, has been controversial, but at least the movie is trying to make a statement about the war, social relations before the war, and the roots of violence society. "Rambo", in contrast, has very little merit, except that the action sequences very well done to please those who like such things. In fact, this kind of jingoistic fantasy of revenge for those Americans who were still sore about the Vietnam War. Rambo again fighting the war alone, and this time on the right side of victory. Take that, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, no doubt, fans of the film (and there seems to be, plenty- more than 2000 voters have given him ten stars) will be concluded, that I'm a liberal communist-loving Pink. Away from the IT- actually, I always despised communism as pernicious ideology. What I like about the film is not his politics, and his lack of grace and his suggestion that the solution to all problems, including the ideological dispute, to go into all the fierce fire and try to score as many people as possible. He makes no attempt to understand the political difficulties, Southeast Asia, or why not all in this region was pro-American. For all his anti-communism, the film is its native anvil idiotic propaganda that the communists were very good at churning themselves- except that they attributed all the problems in the world of capitalism, or imperialism, or revisionism, or any other changes they had not He loves. Compared with the "Rambo", "The Green Berets" was a masterly piece of political analysis. 3/10
