Abusively over-the-top adventure, FIRST BLOOD Part II, seemed to catch the mood of the United States at the time of its release in the mid-80s, with the right Reaganism and virulent anti-red feeling is still not finished, although the emergence of a Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the "evil Empire" in Moscow in the near future to make these types of films are unnecessary, and. even the Reagan finally recognized this truism <br /> <br /> In this sense, we can be very grateful to the "hump", and not for its disarmament treaties with the US, nor the policy of "glasnost," or even its support democracy is restored in the countries of Eastern Europe in backyard.No the former Soviet Union, this is the final reduction silly, cheer, bloated cold war adventure like this.The first movie Rambo is hardly completely, but at least it was a bit of a competent and adequate fighter not too bad storyline .In this sequel, any sense of even the most alienated om conviction immediately fire back to the silly, sensel ESS sketch and an incident in which Rimbaud single-handedly takes on dozens Brainlessly stereotypical Vietnamese and Russian troops to rescue American prisoners of war ten years after the conflict, with the Americans on the losing side. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason why the film was a huge box office success, to allow many Americans wallowing in fantasy, they may have lost the war, but there is still unfinished business at hand, and absurd comic heroic robot as a hero It kills almost all red in sight, with the same equipment may be made such bizarre contrived ideals. <br /> <br /> It may be amused at / Spiderman SUPERMAN, but, unfortunately, the game is absolutely straight.But that is not to say that there was no humor in the film, unfortunately, it is almost all unintentional scenes really caring although technically adequate, never bear smallest conviction or persuasive, because they are always located in the most spectacular unbelievable LY contexts, namely, our hero Rimbaud always whole (except for a few cuts and bumps here and there), despite tons of explosives, grenades, gunfire, etc.going around <br /> <br /> B. between the chaos, there is a script from the dull and cliche banalities.Stallone, who co-wrote the script with James Cameron (a long way from the exciting TERMINATOR did last year), deliberately, it seems, given the character of Rambo as little to say on understandable English, but simply out of stupid grunt, almost as if he invented his own brand hubbub only understandable himself.Maybe his colleague Cameron thinks Terminator again so little communication involved for the main character! In this sense, Rambo seems even less a person than the Terminator did! The rest of the cast do a little better with good actors like Charles Napier and tilt make their wonderful best with hackneyed dialogue they receive, and Steven Berkoff hamming it is outrageous again with one of his Russian KGB villain roles / Red. overplay Berkoff is a moderately enjoyable, but not remotely come menacing.How that Sly survived electroshock torture Berkoff to kill more of these thugs Red Communist? Well, credibility is never strong point.It this film is a work of imagination comparable to the Wizard of OZ.At least that was supposed to be a fantasy, and timeless classics turned be.This only the darkest, and in fact offensive, kind.And for Sly climactic speech ... and hypocritical after the slaughter of all these people, eh? By the way, in the same year, he also made ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> Rating: 3 out of 10.
