Seemingly endless film that really deserves a zero rating. Premise seems simple enough: Yentl, she is interested in the study of the Talmud, he wants to go to school. But boys can learn, so she decides to disguise herself as a boy after his father's death, to get. She does and becomes a close friend Avigdor, to be married to a beautiful woman named Hadass. Hadass family 'learns brother committed suicide Avigdor, and wedding revoked. Yentl, now he calls himself Anschel, then choose to marry Hadass. She does, but she never completed. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor go away within a few days, and Yentl / Anschel reveals her secret to him. The film ends with Avigdor return (and get married?) Hadass and Yentl is going to America to continue his studies, although she would continue to do so in disguise. <br /> <br /> The story above sounds interesting in the first film more than 2 hours in length, but there are a few things that are destroying it. Firstly, there is a constant SINGING. (I can already hear the critics cry.) Yes, I know it's a musical, so it is supposed to be a lot of songs and dance numbers. But the film could have been improved if it had been addressed and play without them. Songs become tedious after a while, and there is not a lot of dancing, as one would expect. Many of the songs are forgotten, without any real memorable text, and all values ​​can be easily be replaced by the announcer. Only one song stands out from the rest, «Papa Can You Hear Me». It is obvious that most of the others were deliberately arranged so Streisand could simply an excuse to show off their vocal skills every five to ten minutes. Most likely, who sees this film will already know that the beautiful singer and actress she is, so that the songs do not really need. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the composition of Streisand, which can be seen during her scenes as a man (lipstick, strengthening eyelashes, blush and traces all apparently) makes it hard for the audience believes in Yentl / Anschel character that it actually is a serious and cheating on her new friends, colleagues and even Hadass, judging that it is the person. However, we asked for, and are expected to believe that it is. There seems to be a contradiction, since her character talks, or rather sings, she does not think she can pull it off, but it is surprising that all seem to be deceived, because she wears men's clothes. This means that we then have to believe that the other characters are so naive, they can not see other differences, such as its activities, which clearly presents. Facial differences by themselves can not be included, as well as other characters in the film noted that some of their male relatives or friends did not have a beard or other facial hair. However, in the 1900s, when a woman dressed as a man, but wearing so much make-up, as did the character Streisand, and still tried to pass himself for a man just because she wore men's clothes, the it would have been considered unacceptable and caused outrage. Most likely, it will probably be forced to leave the city or even the country. Therefore, the "female" makeup on Streisand does not lend credibility of the character, and only weakens the plot. If it is used only to make Streisand look more beautiful, he had to be revised. <br /> <br /> Third, when she Yentl / Anschel shows who she really is until the end, then, we are asked to believe that the other characters are not as smart as Streisand, and only then, when they find out the "truth" to do they become a little wiser. Nowadays it is becoming more and more apparent that the whole story is so far-fetched that it is nothing more than a car made for Streisand fuel. <br /> <br /> And finally, there are those who are supporters Streisand who does not find any fault with this film, its story, or song. For those whom I do not agree. Despite the fact that it has excellent vocal and effective capacity, I'm not "a fan" of her singing style. Nevertheless, I enjoyed many of its other functions, including musicals. There are even some of her songs that I like, so I am not a "hater" and not laid out to beat her I have written this review from an honest point of view from someone who has tried their best to watch this movie -. Several times even - and noted problems if Streisand has been interested in creating a large or even a believable film, it could do so, there is no need for injecting it to show and prove how talented, beautiful and intelligent, she is almost at every step.. this film does nothing more than hurt its ability to STI, make her seem self-absorbed, and thus to turn the film into laughter festival unworthy of its supporters or the public.
