I remember when this stuff came out, cackling all the newspapers about how it was made Barbra Streisand years to get the film made. Well, it could not be accepted that for many years; the game opened only in 1975, eight years ago. He made a star of Broadway actress Tovah Feldshuh great, which probably should have been cast in the film, but nooo ... big old Barbra had to do it her way. And with the music no less! This film is a complete disaster from start to finish. On the one hand, Barbra was forty years old when she made it, and she looked every minute. There was no way anyone could swallow it, as a young girl longing for Torah study. And then, when she dresses as a boy becomes a mannerism. I have the impression that Streisand could not be unattractive, so she played around with makeup; it prettier, like a boy than it is as a girl. And as if that's not bad, it is involved both with her classmate Avigdor (Patinkin, whose best time of the shot of a naked rear end) and his bride (Hey Irving, who does his usual lunatic procedure a little quip poor woman is always appealing when director ignores her, and she does not know what she was doing). Yentl even goes so far as to marry the girl; I will not even mention the "Wedding Night" scene. <br /> <br /> Then there's the music. Nine completely forgotten songs, all sung by Streisand voiceover (presumably as a look inside her mind), and each of them the most intrusive and annoying as fingernails on a chalkboard. <br /> <br /> I will not say that Streisand does not show a glimmer of promise as a director here; some beautiful visuals (especially the downside Patinkin), and she has a good eye for balance. The problem with this film that it does not come out of your own way. I did not believe it for one second in the title role; She should never have been added to the songs, and on top of that all the confusion going on for two hours and fifteen minutes. I was sick all the helpless mess after forty-five minutes. <br /> <br /> Awful, awful, awful.
