Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, is the impressive Italian image, which is mixed in the material of his current task called diabolical ART: documentary. But since the mysterious death of the wife of her daughter, Emily, he was emotionally disturbed, so he goes to Spoleto, where the problematic picture with her and her nurse, Jill. And there is the Countess, who is also a psychic, and she tells him that the picture was somehow made that night when a young witch named Emily was performed. Michael does not believe her story, but after that Emily hysterical spasm and killed Jill ... This Italian film, of course, almost innocently under the influence of an exorcist, but this one is much cheaper, much easier, and in a sense, it is much dirtier. First of all, we should say that this film is full of confusion. For example, history shows Emily Emilia reincarnation. But if Emily sees it in retrospect, she perceives it solely from the point of view of a third person. But if she is the reincarnation of Emilia, it can and must see the past of nothing but the point of view of Amelia. Disorders of this kind, the film has a lot of, almost exclusively on the basis of the problem the fact that the film is too cowardly, not dual to show his own quasi-Freudian theme, namely, to the adolescent girl unilateral incestuous desires, to make matters worse, this the film also has a characteristic problem (if not confusion); each character is too naive and helpless, to be realistic and / or plausible alive person. As for Emily (or Emilia), it is still a child, and it can be said that it is difficult to blame it mainly for its naiveness and helplessness. (And according to Freud's theory, every girl wants to have a child's parents (or children) in their own way in this sense, Emily is not only abnormal, .. Only her way to exclude other women from the father's love is a pathological problem, but as I already mentioned, the film itself is too cowardly to be Freudian.) the problem is that the adult characters as childish and naive and helpless, like Emily. And because of this characteristic weakness even psychic who can see almost everything, can not do anything, down to earth, and because of the weakness of the story itself as the movie ended badly escapist way. In addition, the special effects of the film are incredibly cheap and ridiculous. Although the music of Stelvio Cipriani is noteworthily beautiful (in fact it is one so well that it seems to be to have it alone), the film as a whole is nothing but as a cheap B-movie that might even disappoint 1970s'- Italian- horror- movie-goers.
