The film crew MTV-style, which consists of US producer of the television program Zack Zardine (Matt Borleni) it operatoret Australian Cecil (Kate Fisher) and two Surfer «dudes" named Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) arrives at the some nice looking island somewhere, it does not really shown where. crew plan to shoot an autopsy on «bloodsurfing», which appears in the latest fashion extreme sports. Surfers throwing bait into the sea, and cut themselves in order to attract the sharks, just to see if they can out of their surfing without absorption. There they meet Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect place to bring their shark infested waters of the Lilo-kei. Son, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) to take them to his boat. Shortly after his arrival and has already removed some «bloodsurfing» frames Son, Melba and Lemmya all killed 30ft saltwater crocodile, some people say, "possesses" the island. The boat sank. Zack, Cecily, Bog Sun and Jeremy are stuck on the island until the rescue party arrives. However, after a run in some, um well, I do not know what they are. Pirates? drug smugglers? Revolutionairies? Fat ugly people who simply do not like to be with other people? Who knows? And more importantly, who cares? Not me, that's for sure. Anyway, after the escape of these guys who look like pirates, they are selected in the vicinity of the coast of the island of Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girlfriend Arty (Taryn Reif Reif in the container). Crew believed that they were saved. Little do they know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks in the opposite way, and he has counters and four crew members is not going to stop him. Dirks Captain sent back to Lilo Cay for final collision with giant cannibal crocodile. <br /> <br /> Director James D.R. Hickox is one terrible film, but it's not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie sucks. Sam Scenario Bernard and Robert L.Levy scary, very slowly, like a crocodile, even not seen or mentioned earlier the 30 th minute, and by the time I was seriously sad and annoyed with outrageously unsympathetic characters invented by Bernard Levy. The entire film is also depressingly predictable, as well as, for the first 10 minutes, anyone who is familiar with the horror movie stereotypes and stock symbols can guess who will die and who will survive. Crocodile effects terrible and seems to be repeated over and over again, there is a small doll's head, which, obviously, is whose hand stuck inside his reign this movement as the water splashes are huge! The crocodile CGI shots are just embarrassing to watch. There's no gore, except when the character is bitten in half, which is achieved with the help of CGI for digital removal of leg cast, again it looks awful. There is also a short scene, when someone planted on wooden spikes, if they set the trap off. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, as well as female actress is easy and pleasant to the eye. There is a basic continuity and logic errors in the film in one sequence was filmed Cecil Marsh and Jeremy «bloodsurfing», but because of the angle and the distance it is it will be physically impossible to get shots like sharks and surfers at the same time, and, of course is that the whole point of it a shot? If Dirks manages to harpoon the crocodile angle wire changes abruptly between frames in one frame angle of the line looks like it comes from the sky in the frame immediately after the corner is totally different, and it seems as if the line comes out from under the surface of the water, when in fact the harpoon is fastened to the rear of the boat and the line should be almost flush with the surface. I could go on, how and why the crocodile jumping from the cliff's edge, if it is as smart as this movie is trying to make out? But I would probably exceeded 1000 word limit, when I listed everything that was wrong with this film, so I will not. I hated this movie, but pretty scary it's not as bad as Tobe Hoopers efforts on a giant crocodile movie. Definitely one to avoid.
