Wow. Rarely have I felt the need to comment on the movies lately, but this one is especially begging for Beatdown. Let's start from the beginning. For pervyhi, written and directed by Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the role of a tired old victim, complete with the necessary abusive husband and a dull suburban existence. Let it be said right now that almost all of the content in this dull film completely shot down and banal. Montford pathetic attempt at symbolism with the Christmas tree, without stars ridiculous. <br /> <br /> When it comes to some sort of Christmas wrapping paper one dark and ominous night, Della outraged that someone double-parked the car on a busy night in the trading year. She decides to do something about it, so that it leaves a nasty note on the windshield of the car. The next fifteen minutes of the film devoted to Della walking around aimlessly in the mall. When she finally gets to his car, the thugs to confront her about a note, police killed, and it works, and they catch up with her, and she goes, and they pursue it a little more, and so on. Everything is predictable and uninvolving. Bandits are not scary or threatening at all, and they all get shot one after the other in all the usual ways. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies in which all the action depends on the characters being silly, as you can imagine. Why do the bad guys do not just kill it, instead of waiting for it to hit them with a mount for me. And once, only once, in a film like this, does the leader of the pack is to die for the last time? What is important is that they have chosen one by one, if they are all equally incompetent? Most of the film consists of a Lukas Haas running around in the woods screaming "della !!!" and the inclusion of Joy Division on the soundtrack of the film of this wretched shame. <br /> <br /> part that really made me work for my computer keyboard was when Dell, exhausted and sick, calls to the heavens, "Where are you, God?" Where, indeed, was a god, if this film done? I give it a 2 only because of the competent cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as "BCI Killer," the final marker to judge any horrible movie. Cheers!
