Well, after three times over I still do not know what this film because, frankly, he was not able to produce any real interest or concern. But here it goes: The beam is too old to teenager teenagers Actors dressed in horrible last 1980s fashion (so we look like that too ??) decided that it would be a good idea to get in a motorboat and go to visit the abandoned Alcatraz after one of them nightmares of people are cut in different ways monstrous that govern rip poltergeist, Evil dead, and Freddy Krueger in one fell swoop. Fool even foresee myself being roasted on an open fire with a deformed freak cutting strips of beef. Good thing it was just a dream, or it can be painful, and well, that his dream was a decent budget for special effects. Mine are usually pretty lame: Girls, models of spaceships, blowing things out of a bazooka, etc. <br /> <br /> After the Alcatraz island, they find themselves in the Slasher film and meet with Toni Basil, who can not help but break into the couple dance to put in the time and had his own crew of lighting (in the complete with a smoke machine for this 1980 smoky haze impregnated with light eyes, which I kind of miss). And this reminded me that Mrs. Basil helped choreography by David Byrne of the Talking Heads for some of his videos and performances. This, of course, has nothing to do with the film, but went on to appear in sight, as the film is put very few actually think. It's kind of happening, and you can watch or continue to work on your layout with him on the TV screen, set aside. But since the film is not very interesting, you will keep thinking to finish one thing, instead of wasting time, the film will hold the ends, and you'll find yourself wondering what you missed every time you see the final credits begin to roll again damn it ... <br /> <br /> * sOME * 1980 teen horror movies can survive these specialized viewing haunted House Umberto Lenzi, in the MALL is interrupted and it killbots, it is difficult to ignore the night reptiles and behind the scenes -The- Top Sleepaway CAMP all come to mind. They are films that, like them or not, need your attention, and usually pays off with some well-gusset or T & A and errors in their work as proof that you are watching TV instead of a keyboard. I'm sure Hellbound (as the British version of I glommed entitled to) do have some good things there, but honestly, I do not care. And there's nothing more annoying that having met any genre of art that is not admirable, worthy of some dislike or even good old honest hatred for him. Film content simpering away 80 whatever minutes of time and never doing nothing more than being a distraction sometimes, despite all my efforts to try to give him a chance, but no dice. <br /> <br /> There are several unusual design of the production takes place, the use of lighting strikes at times, and sometimes burst chaos is likely to keep a supporter in 1980, teenage Horror concerned. The rest to be warned, though: You ask IF YOU DRESSED LIKE that in 1987, and the answer is likely to be more disgusting than anything that happens on the screen. Try to see it as a rent-free, if possible, so that if disappointed you're not stuck with the damn thing: movies like this take up precious shelf space, which is often as a commodity these days that the world is coming to an end and all ...
