Witchcraft / Witchery / La Casa 4 / and whatever you want to call it. As about..Crud. <br /> <br /> The meeting people on the resort island of Massachusetts precipitated the evil forces of black magic witch kills each person using hard, painful methods. Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) photographs for Linda (Hiklend, whose voice and demeanor reminiscent of EE-yor with Winnie the Poo cartoon), virgin studying witchcraft, in the resort island without permission. Rosa Brooks (Annie Ross, drawing an incredibly rough mote) is interested in the possible acquisition of the resort and, with her husband Freddy (Robert Champagne, who is always ogling other women much younger than him), pregnant daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and grandchildren, Tommy (Michael Manchester who looks bored throughout, probably wanting to watch Sesame Street instead of starring in this stuff), go by boat to the resort turn to look at the property the son of realtors Tony Giordano, Jerry (Rick Farnsworth) is obviously a puppy in the business of getting his feet wet. Together with these people is the architect Leslie (Leslie Cumming, whose character is a nymphomaniac), which could help Rose redesign of the resort. Boat captain killed the Lady in Black (Kneph wearing her makeup and lip stick extra thick) and a storm brewing. The boat leaves itself (.. guided by an unseen force Lady in Black, I think) with all stuck in the old resort, which is in dire need of repair. Most of the victims, to meet their horrible fates sneaked type red wormhole vortex that leads to another dimension (.. possible type of hell or something), where they are tortured this cats dressed in clothes of the lousy rags visage One victim has his mouth sown before he hung upside down in the tube, fried as other light the fireplace. One poor soul tormented by severe twisting of the rope wrapped tightly around her body before found hanged with a muzzle swordfish coming through her neck. One guy slowly suffocating in his veins bulge (.. and blood) and blood vessels of the neck broke sprayed in the face Hasselhoff! One man was crucified with nails killed in their hands before they hung upside down over an open flame. Pregnant victim Blair becomes obsessed with her hair on end speak in the voice of another woman. One of them raped a man with a demonic "sick" in the mouth, as the infernal tramp stand with joy applause. The film, in spite of this excess, mostly dull food for those who really like to see the lowest point in his career Hasselhoff and Blair, who deserve better than this. Almost unbearable at times, to build a little-to-no suspense. Clumsy execution of the death sequences that look cheap and ridiculous. Of course, some gore well, but most of the film shows the victim after they have been run through the bell-ringer. We get a chance to see the pregnant woman (.. that look just like the stunt in a suit with a bad wig) jumps out of the three story window. Oh, and Lady in Black's face reflected often pops up on inanimate objects for the characters to see. Tommy's a little Sesame Street recorder that tapes Lady in Black Fetish chants, obviously used for later use. For some reason, the Lady in Black likes to visit the little Tommy. He is not afraid of her, Tommy simply too boring to show any expression on his face, much less fear. Need I say more? This is one real stinker. Ugh.
