There are many different versions of this one floating around, so make sure you can find one of the unrated copy, otherwise some gusset and a nudity scene may be missing. Some versions also omit most of the opening sequence and other bits here and there. The incision I saw on the screen is the name of witchcraft; bad encounters and was released Shriek Show, supporting the original American release title Enchant DVD release. This is a good view of the press and, it seems, all the shots, but there are some problems cropping ratio / aspect. In Italy, it was released as the LA CASA 4 (Witchcraft). The first two versions of the LA CASA were actually the first two Evil Dead movies (renamed) and the third LA CASA was another film by the same production company (Filmirage), who is best known in America as the Haunted House. To make matters even more confusing, WITCHERY was also released in another place, like Haunted House 2. With the exception of Germany, where 2 Haunted House is really a cannibal: DEMONS 3. Well, I better just shut up. I'm starting to confuse myself! <br /> <br /> Despite the name, this effort is very horror hit or miss. Some are good, some of it is not. I was actually in this film for the first half or so, but until the end it was a meaningless mess. Large, vacant hotel, located on an island about 50 miles south of Boston is a place, because different people get shot for each other by speaking German witch (Kneph). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to capture the «Witch Light» and its virgin novelist girlfriend (Leslie Cumming), who studies witchcraft that shacking up at the hotel without permission. Along comes a real estate agent Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), which boasts the property to potential buyers Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddy (Robert Champagne) Brooks. Their children heels; Pregnant adult daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and a very young son Tommy (Michael Manchester) and hypersexuality architect Linda Sullivan (Hiklend - Hasselhoff's wife at the time). After all inside their boat driver killed (hung) and the boat disappears, so that they are trapped and basically at the mercy of "lady in black". <br /> <br /> So you can expect to find here? A lot of trouble! One of the characters have their lips sewn, and then hung upside down into the fireplace and accidentally slowly roasted on the other actors. There's also a crucifix, witches eat the dead child, and swordfish over his head, someone set fire to, possession of, tape Sesame Street, virgin getting raped by a demon, and the veins bulging guys and blow up doll pokes through fishing rod and some other things. From a technical point of view, this is a nice movie with a very good movie, and a decent number of good dried blood effects. Installation of the hotel / island is also quite good. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross both seem that they are happy and Knef big as the wicked witch. Even if people like to make fun of Hasselhoff in these days, it is not bad in his role, either. <br /> <br /> On the downside, despite all the gore, the film seems a bit boring, and it becomes homogeneous after about an hour, Supernatural theme convoluted and confusing, too. If the characters to be involved in the lair of the witch to be tortured and killed, the filmmakers decided to forget to put flashy actor on some stupid looking red spiral vortex effect, which looks highly cheese. And she a witch's lair to freely and cheaply designed unfinished lumber. And while most of the cast at least decent, several performances (in particular, the "actress", who plays the girlfriend Hasselhoff and child) are so bad, they are constantly distracted.
