Let's put political correctness aside and just look at it from the point of view of many sex comedies, published in 1980, because I, for one, do not think that it is better or worse than others. If your cookies or some religious worried woman you can probably look stupid movie like this without getting all worked on the content, and I personally was feeling completely harmless to those before and after views. History is located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich 15-year-old boy named Philip "Philly» Fillmore (Eric Brown) is a natural horny as hell, and starts to spy on attractive maid, who had just started working for his father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Christel) friends in Philadelphia, but things heat up, when his father was out of town on business, and she begins to flirt with him in paragraph where she invites him to her bedroom to watch her undress. Philly is inconvenient and does not know how to react at first, but soon he goes for it and have sex, but than to his horror, it seems that Nicole died of a heart attack! With help from a running driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman) they seemed to have buried her body, but a note from the blackmailer shows up and Philly should get $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly shocked when Nicole shows up and he finds out that all this was extortion plan created Leicester and she just went along with it, because it is illegal, and if it does not do what she was told, Lester would call the immigration office . Together they try to get his father's money back, before he returns home, and they enlist the help of Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), who is a tennis instructor, but pretends to be a policeman, to scare Leicester. <br /> <br /> This little comedy was made for less than $ 3 million, but it has raised more than $ 50 million worldwide, and has made it one of the least likely of films during that time, to be so successful that prompts me to wonder why it was a blow, but not any of the others in the genre. Director Alan Myerson can boast that he made the film a hit, but the truth is that he never had a career in film, although he going to be very successful in television. So ... why it has become so successful? I have thought that it may simply be due to Christel and before you decide that I am silly to listen to my arguments. Kristel was an international star because of its soft core movies, so that one of the reasons to make a lot of free thinking adult curious about watching it in an American film, which received a wide release. Given that the same adults also nostalgia for his own youth and fantasy sets out how the love of an attractive middle-aged woman who brings a much younger audience, which is probably still very inexperienced and curious about the film. Anyway, this is my opinion, and if someone has another reason I wanted to hear, but go back to the film, it is obvious (and very sad) that a movie like this can probably never get done once (except in Europe) due to the religious right and other starchy freaks who just can not come to terms with the fact that young people be put will not bring him any harm. In fact, this is a valuable service, all the guys are moles with them! The film itself is awkward and understudy Kristel is too obvious in some scenes, especially if you are careful to take into account the difference in their nipples. History (although intriguing in its basic form) is neither very funny and not so revealing remained staring nude scenes, which are actually the norm for the genre.
