Well, it turned out as I expected: visual overload, but nothing added to the original. What surprised me, however, that the story was pretty much unchanged from the 1968 flick. Initially, it woke up my interest, but in the end, it was surprised that the new turns (a), apparently invented in order to provide us with a typical Hollywood product, as well as (b) did the whole story is incredible! Thousand nine hundred sixty eight stories was surprisingly simple, and does not include any temporary storms or any Bogus this kind: he just said that when you come home after a long journey, you may have changed a bit. Land may have fallen into the hands of monkeys, for example. Like many of the "old" movies, is the main ingredient was unknown (hell, anyone understand what that word these days?). In this film, Burton, an attempt was made to turn it all into an action movie, but at what cost? Of course, the images are overwhelming, and much time and money has been invested in the development of a complete ape-culture (even monkey music!), But what happened? <br /> <br /> Firstly, suspension of disbelief is very difficult, because the monkeys have a lot of Hollywood human traits. I mean especially Ari and managed by the merchant. These features include emotional skills, as irony, sarcasm, and clearly displayed an array of "thin" emotions. It makes you forget about the fact that monkeys are the great apes, which is very important. <br /> <br /> Secondly, people TALK. Of course, we can imagine that people will never forget how to speak, but the fact that we were monkeys, and people did not monkey / human role switching is very sensitive, and stressing in version 1968. Early in the throat that Charlton Heston rastoropnee is essential for its survival, and it later restored speech, the necessary unity and the interest that Dr. Zira in it (yes, there is no need for such things as human rights defenders or ape-human love for to explain things). <br /> <br /> Third, the fact that they say a lot of publicity for the implausibility, but it is necessary to turn in the new film as Captain Davidson to play a full Hollywood let's save-all-world- and have-a-good ending-to-everyone- and yet-to-do-this-to-lounge-bar-in-a-the COOL-diet-coke character, my God, they never learn? I new it from the beginning, when there was only one person who got lost! They need a hero! And then the writers go on reasoning: we need a guy ... so, why one guy got lost ... because he is trying to save the monkey by an electromagnetic storm ... implausible! But it is necessary, as it shows the audience that he respects the monkeys! So, in these modern and politically correct times, we can not have xenophobic hater monkey-like character 68 Charlton Heston in the loose on the screen, let's give them a version of the chewing gum <br /> <br /> Fourth, in order ,! the total rotation of the original "know the truth" in 1968 film into a modern version of (he believes that his own mother ship crashed on the planet many years ago, and that their lab-primates developed their society, where Heston simply found that, somehow, a monkey befell the ground until he was out of town) is nicely done. Secondly, the warhead comes as an anti-climax. This is because the film has added the first two Planet of the Apes movies at one site. Nice try, but you feel cold, when Davidson and you will find that he has lost the planet ever simply washes out of the uninteresting warhead <br /> <br /> In the fifth. The ending !!! For the love of God, who came up with it? (A) Davidson crash twice with his escape pod, which seems unsteerable object, while chimpanzees just manages to land gracefully? Come on, who would believe that? If the pods are very small spacecraft (Davidson just flies into space at the end), not only to avoid a trial, he might have turned out a safe landing at least once, no? And that ends this ???? I mean, in the original film, it was clear that everything was happening on the ground. But here: the entire film takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a statue of Thade) ape culture on earth ??? How? Is the monkey from a distant planet to evolve technologically, flew into a storm time and colonize the Earth before the mission took off Davidson? Why worship THADE? Stupid stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter even adorable and beautiful, like a monkey, but I expected no less. I preferred her monkey above Estella Warren, as a man, but maybe I got some loose wire in my head. However, the only convincing primates were Tim Roth as THADE (excellent!) And household monkey Ari (ex-general, but I forgot his name). <br /> <br /> Nonono, and much can be added / changed in 1968 to pass but not the plot, at least not in the way. It was simple and straightforward and does not require any further explanation. It was a nice tongue in cheek and caricature. Nha stylize all ...
