This film was shot entirely forgotten star from the 1930s, Jack Pearl (Radio "Baron Munchausen") and Jimmy Durante. However, the 7-1 / 2 decades later, it is paid as the Stooges Movie Three, because they are the only ones in the film that the average person would recognize today. Film fanatics also recognize the excellent Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts <br /> <br /> As for the Stooges, there is a film very early days. - to MGM and had no idea what to do with the team. At this point, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges," as was the frontman Healy. Fortunately for the puppets, they soon leave this unpleasant and rather mediocre people (read it - you'll see what I mean), and the rest is history. During the year, they have done very successful shorts for Columbia and executives at MGM soon push himself for the defeat of the team. This kind of thing was commonplace in the MGM, a large studio, which had not the slightest idea what to do with comedy (eg, films of Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello, and others). In fact, until they went to Columbia, MGM put them in a variety of odd film roles - including acting Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And, oddly enough, in this movie, they do not act as a team - they were just doing various support roles, such as playing the piano Larry <br /> <br /> This particular film begins with Pearl and Durante lost! African jungle. If they are rescued and brought home, the whole point of the structure of the film falls apart and the film becomes almost like a variety show - are interspersed with scenes of the findings here and there. As for the Pearl, I could see why he had never made a successful transition to movies, since he has a personality snail (but slightly less than the reception). As for Durante, I never knew that the public saw in him - at least as far as his films are concerned - it was loud and ... loudly! He apparently took the time from the MGM helping to destroy the career of Buster Keaton, to make this film. At Pearl Durante and hope for a lot of verbal humor (?) And the routine vaudeville style, which tend to fall rather flat. <br /> <br /> In this movie, puppet, they do not yet have the right chemistry. Seeing Healy does the job that MOU did in his later films odd. What they did in the movie was very good, but because all the segments were short, they came on and off the camera too quickly to give them the opportunity to really get into their procedures. Stooges fans can be very disappointed in this, although die-hard fans might want to see it so that they can complete their life-long goal to see all Stooge - even rotten Joe DeRita and Joe Besser films (oh, did they have deteriorated after Shemp's death and Coeur). <br /> <br /> as a whole, the film is quite boring and frustrating. However, there are some interesting things to look for in a mess. About 13 minutes, you'll see a short scene where the tour guide on the bus singing. Look carefully, as this Walter Brennan as you would, of course, did not expect! Another unusual thing to look in the film is "Clean as a Whistle» song beginning approximately 22 minutes into the film. This song and dance number, of course, is an example of the so-called scene of «Pre-Code», which would never have been allowed in the cinema after 1934 (when the Production Code was fixed). Despite the word «Clean» in the title, this is a very tickles number of naked women showing much flesh - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show something! It is quite shocking when I saw today, even though such excesses were quite common in the early 1930s. Finally, in the 63rd minute, to see Jimmy DURANTE set race relations back a few decades. Watch a movie, you'll see what I mean!
