If you are going to care for a child, make sure they do not live anywhere near the cemetery. Especially if the child says, he has the habit of drawing terrible pictures and disappears into the night among the tombs to see her "friend." But our heroine is a long-haired, not paying attention to all the signs, the hut with her family in Nortons, which include a strict father and older brother schmuck who becomes the love interest to our budding nanny. Even more terrible than a gang of zombies is a tendency to roll to say, even when their lips are not moving, but the words do not correspond to the movements of their mouths. But is this enough .. pets are sacrificed, the old woman appeared eyeballs torn out and the orchestra will not be closed during any stage, even quiet. Oh, and editor, having a day off going by the way the film drones on. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be better if all participants took a breather, smelt, which they signed on and went AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get into the movies these days, but it's kind of a starter than a point in your resume you want. If, as a trainee laborer who has a previous conviction for harassment chicken. Thanks to one of the worst performances of lead ever piercing Laurel Barnett, and the second is almost as bad charisma-free children's actress Rosalie Cole (next Dakota Fanning, she is not) the film meanders further nothing but laying us to get what we It extends beyond the menopause. <br /> <br /> It includes five or six members of the undead barricading our heroine completely useless in the barn, while her little rough retorts the ghoul with a board of wood, one shotgun shell and all that it can put their hands. But backup .. minutes before they were in the car, and they accidentally discovered that the creatures found as horn noise push they strolled to the sounds of it. So that they remain where they are safe? No, of course not, they run in this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so that man can prove that he hardnut girl can act like it a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, the film closes. This is not the end, it's only going to stop. The protagonist wanders back to her car covered with fake blood, as if nothing has happened okay. But, my dear audience, something terrible happened. You've just sat through one of the most lamebrained, sad horror movies you'll ever likely to see, and lost 82 minutes of your life you'll never get back. Just think .. years from the date of death, that you want to trade in an hour and 22 minutes, just to spend a little extra time with your family. Unfortunately, it was too late for me. You do not make the same mistake :( 2/10
