Yes AWA wrestling, how can anyone forget this surreal show. At first they were very short interviewer named Marty O'Neill, who made the "Rock and Roll" Buck Sumhof like a nose tackle. Then it was Jean Okerland, which, if it was "crazy like a wrestler" and would say "were out of time," or "Well, as soon as" acting like he was crazy, but actually sounding forced. after he went to the WWF Ken Resneck adopted despite the fact that his mustache looked like a weekly soup was delayed for it was a very good interviewer that «Georgeous» Jimmy Garvin called mouse face, which made me fall from my chair with laughter. After he jumped ship, then Larry Nelson came on board of which he was so bad that the Phi November, George would have been an improvement! Then there is the Arc McLeod best wrestling announcer ever, who made every game exciting with its description strikes! Then he was offered a larger salary hockey team Minnesota North Stars. In the front row, who can forget Roger Kent, who mispronouncing words and sentences were historical example, if a fighter was a big "Hes a big-na!" hit or legs in the guts "right into a wedge," or when the legs "He punted him" or "" Piledriver should be banned "after Nick Bockwinkle used it on helpless on ratsivnika. (Right, Roger, you do not care!) After he left money to the green (WWF) they had Rod Trongard that advertised style was great, but in a different way. As when a wrestler scraped the sole of his boot through the other guys forehead, he would say "right in front of the front of the electronic share" or when the wrestler «Hes trouble in a bad bad". He also said to Ava steeper, hard, mean, most of the scientific fighters is not here, right in the AWA! (Without the extra money Verne Gagne!) After he left (WWF) Larry ~ d (Wheres Phyllis?!) Nelson took over, and I would like to talk to someone else, or completely ignore it. (WWE wisely did not take it!) In addition, Greg Gagne had an ugly wrestling boots I've ever seen yellow color is something I do not want say.Also if HES is looking for the tag, he looks like he wants to get it over with, so he can run to the nearest restroom! Jumpin J Brunzell it was such a great artist Dropkick that you wonder why Gregli has always been his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar of WWE, but you wonder why Verne himself was to win against him. (Puhleeeeze!) Then, when Vince McMahon hire Gagnes speculators, it will make most of them wrestle squash match. I would like to see the Gagne family is now a real say wrestlings
