The little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the countryside. This little girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies, as the film begins with feeding her kittens at some creatures in the graveyard, and she had recently lost her mother, who had gone mad, but still alive to enjoy your stay in the woods all night. The premise of the film, a new young lady coming to Rosalie to take care of her. It is introduced into the evil forest while driving and imagine the unknown here, feel a huge trunk that hung blue side of the cliff, to somehow stop her car dead in its tracks. From there it goes to the nearest house and discovers Mrs. Whitfield, which then goes into a whole lot of explanations about Rosalia and her family. The seriousness of the nature of radiating Mrs. Whitfield must be seen to be believed. Well, young lady meets with the child, and we soon learn that it is not only surprising, but everything in the film is very strange as well. they all do share one thing in common, that is not none of them had never heard of acting school. None of these people can not act - as evidenced by several vehicles, none of them in the entire film appeared in before or after - and they all look like they do not even realize what was going on, to pause to remember line, and there are all the conviction of a paper bag. Director extends through the material at a slow pace with this terrible crescendoing piano music here and there on things that are suppose to be scary. He takes us a while before we get to several murders being friends, but by the time I do not care. Murder is not convincing either, and in truth, the whole movie looks like someone through it together on the farm of his friend with the people and things in his arms there. It's all been said ending has some horrible aspects to it, but we do not know a damn thing about why Rosalie and, more importantly, who is a creature with cheap masks. Cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here. It is basically a pair of old farms and some sheds at the end and, of course, in the woods. Someone lent director of a couple of old cars also. No special effects of any kind, and only the most minimal makeup. There are so many laughs / funny moments in the list, but I'll just list a few here that, at least me giggle because of lack of ability of the creative forces involved: 1) to watch the body of a gardener well after he was "killed . "Len comes and sees that he scolded, and you can see his fat belly rises with life. 2) dying scene at the end, where the actress plays Rosalie killed. she looks like she's listening to directions and takes its sweet time to die accounting methods. 3) How about the guy who plays Roaslie father in giving us a capricious nd the poor Andy Griffith. The scene where he's laughing about the scouts die was a strange beep. The baby really bad movie, very bad, even for a standard 70-cheese, if you will. It's not a movie, but a Z B movie producer Harry Novak makes money for virtually nothing.
