It was one of those films that have received a ton of games on the airwaves in the early 1970s, as a rule, «4am Movie» or once at 7:30 PM «Channel 6 Big Movie» and another one on the Creature Double Feature .If local channels that are used to launch films, as part of their local programs (mostly gone today in favor of advertising time video) It was time. A pair of low-rent Abbott and Costello wannabees (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) in a platoon of soldiers (half a dozen guys in army surplus balances), which are sent on field maneuvers to view some strange radiation, wind and encountering extraterrestrials. First they go to Bronson Canyon to what would later be known to the Batcave Batman, and faced with the remains of the dead "carrot monster". Later, in a cave, they pursued the living carrot creature basically a guy in a black suit and a paper mache head with shiny things on it, and the eyes of ping-pong. Two of them are full of bastards, Ray and ball trapped and wake up tied to a table and are now "considered" space Amazons-Dr Pune (Nij kidding!) And a professor of Tango, which stunningly beautiful, and even more so in their poor bikini "form". We were too young at the time to realize that later bondage and fetish scenario, a "study" the scene will be longer than expected. It turns out that the two girls and their carrot monster, twisted to the ground from the ship, which is well hidden and try to return to his world. <br /> <br /> The film was made for a total comedy with varying degrees of taste, but remember that it was at a time when Eric Von Zipper and his team with Frankie and Annette films were the height of B-film actuator comedy.So it only seemed natural to jump on the bandwagon for some quick bucks. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I just thought that I imagined to see the film to begin with. No, I did see it. And when he was released on "Recovery» DVD I was confident in my memory. Comedy comes from mildly funny is just silly, but whatever.The budget does not exist, that it's a small miracle when you think about it, that it even got done, and we can speak of "restored" version of the here and now more than 40 years through. Kickback is a girl who want to learn about "love" and "kiss", and isolation is a geeks-we all were- get the girl and love wins. It's just dumb and stupid, and for places has nostalgic value.
