Shakespeare probably still a high forehead, which in turn equates to a bunch of people, seeing something for what it really is. At some point in the film, someone (I think Pacino producer) warns that the film receives from the track that was once about how the masses think of Shakespeare through the car of Richard III. Instead, he decides to shoot sliced ​​up play with random comments permeate. Some scenes seem to be included as a home video for Al (or was in fact the reason for a quick visit to the birthplace of Shakespeare, except to laugh about something unexpected is happening there?), And before the film is really even started, we are treated to form Al prance around and act cute and funny for the camera. I thought it foolish to Kay in late GodFather III with a knife to her throat was an act - but, apparently, it's like Al really behaves personally <br /> <br /> Enough rambling .. That shotgun smattering of why I did not even make it 3/4 of the way through this: 1) pretentious - Al always know when the camera is on him, whether it acts as Richard or in the "real" conversation with someone - you can see it in the corner of the eye as well as some of the actors around the rehearsal table become unmanageable and wax unnatural to the extreme. If anyone reading this has ever spent any time with a group of actors and have witnessed this sort of thing from the outside, it's unbearable. "Look at me, chewing all the scenery!" 2) Winona Ryder. When it appears as Lady Anne, the film comes to a screeching halt, that he would never recover from. It has nothing to add to the discussion stage, but the camera lingers on her to bring in kiddoes. Her speech awful to boot. 3) The only thing you really learn from this tell you scientists themselves, the filmmakers are trying to save a picture. Of course, you also learn that it is not necessary to direct Pacino movie (or do Richard in the first place). I prefer to watch Bobby Deerfield than that. <br /> <br /> And finally, read the game and find it for yourself. Come and see it performed. In 1997 I saw the play performed by the University of Washington Ethnic Cultural Theater, and he did what we see in this film, it seems like a high school drama (for free-throat cut except Clarence! Oh my God! It was necessary meaning you want?!) <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of sound and fury.
