Syriana torn off criticism after the liberation, and everything seemed to be raving about it. I believe that this is one of those movies that are intensely intelligent ... so smart, I think you should be well versed in the oil industry and politically brilliant mind. I do not consider myself to be stupid, I studied politics, as still a teenager, and I like intelligent film, but for the most part, if it's not a documentary intended to mainly entertainment, and there is a message. Syriana tried to be strictly smart, and he does turn some people away. I would even go so far as to say that those who raves about this and insist that this 10/10 lie, because they think that they look better. This film was the most confusing, meaningless, pointless digging I've seen in some time ... especially considering the critical acclaim, Oscar nods, and actor. The script writer Stephen Gaghan disappoint me again. His badly written Havoc preceded this film, and I think he is just trying too hard. I can not believe that he was given the opportunity to write a script Da Vinci Code. On top of this Gaghan directed the film, which made it an absolute mess. I had no idea anyone was why everything was happening, who was who and what is what. Just trouble. <br /> <br /> Because I do not know who else was, I can only mention the actors, and what I thought of their performances, because, despite the horrendously complicated scenario actors have done well. George Clooney plays a C.I.A. Field agent and assassin, I think ?? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been a favorite of mine, but in recent years he has managed to churn out some decent performances, and it seemed to be a pretty good idea of ​​its parts. Barnes was a complex character with a sordid history and if I knew what was going on with him, I would have really enjoyed his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman, and it is quite soft and always looks like a deer in the headlights, I can understand his confusion after reading the script, and then tries to execute it. Amanda Peet plays his wife, and she is doing well in a few scenes, it is given. Christopher Plummer makes a cameo as somebody is doing something. Like Plummer and I love to see his show, even if he does not get top billing longer. <br /> <br /> The intense roles, if only the story makes sense. I would like to quote an exact description of the plot on the IMDb. "The missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA and other problems: Emirate heir to give an oil contract in China, cutting out the US company, which quickly fire their immigrant workers and merges with a small firm, which has driven the contract of Kazakh oil. Department of Justice suspects bribery, and law firm oil company to find a scapegoat. The CIA also needs one when his plot to kill the emir, clearly fails. Agent Bob Barnes, a guy fall sorts double cross. American economist expresses the death of his son in the contract advise Sheikh CIA wants dead. unemployed Pakistanis to join the fundamentalist group. All roads begin and end in the oil fields. " WHAT!?!? Say, who is now ?? Syriana may be a film of a thinking man, but it bored me to tears, and no matter how hard I tried to stay with him, I finally gave up and turned it off after an hour and a half, and you could not buy me enough to make me come. I believe that if you want to form an opinion, than all means look at, but I promise you someone looking for a fun and enjoyable film will be sleeping in the first half. 1/10
