Wha-BAM! Someone, of course, it was fun devouring a truck acid mushrooms, and then after the script this crazy excuse for a movie! Writer Howard Cohen expands the concept of «Sword & Sorcery» with a couple extra of S, as and sex, stupid, (more) sex and stupidity! This is not just a film, it's a dream and a fantasy come true for each of the minor perverts! «Deathstalker» has it all: (!) Blood, violence, trolls, mud woman fighting, attempted rape, rape of a successful, life-size pigs, horrible hair, smeared with ugly muscular bodies, multi-sexual orgies, gay warriors, tournaments- to -smertsi, mad witch, dismemberment, ridiculous villains and tits, tits, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally wipes the floor with his apparent role model "Conan: The Barbarian" when it comes to the timing of cheesiness and just glory. The story seems to be of secondary importance. Lonely and gay (only he did not know about it) warrior Deathstalker is on a mission, and the team annoying witch to collect the three famous elements of the creation ?? or something like that. On its way it combines strength with a troll, who became a man, a fighter who is even more fun than it is, and - last but not least - a juicy lady who really does not seem like a lot of support bras concept. Together, they are sent to the kingdom, ultimately evil Munkar, where they will participate in the tournament and the soldiers do not win at least two of the three elements. Munkar bald guy with half web tattoo on his skull and a large harem, which would even make a rich oil sheik jealous. Well, it is true, «Deathstalker» is damn awful and several times even unbearable movie. Battle sequences and lame costumes and makeup effects are quite deplorable. For a moment, when contemplating opening sequence, I was really afraid, I watched «Troll; I prequel ". The monsters look incredibly cheesy and full of contrast as threatened, but it is certainly fun when you are undemanding mood. I believe that this is not a favorite among feminists, as well as the overall image of women is slightly ?? Italian ?? discrimination. Most girls are purely as eye candy harem. They allow you to crawl on the floor naked and play in the dirt, but it is strictly forbidden to open their mouths. Two "leading" home (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are wonderful, but - hand on heart - if it is not for them are constantly exposed to the shelves, they are hardly worth mentioning either.
