I was looking through the video Hollywood last night with a friend, trying to find a good-looking horror film to watch for the New Year weekend. As I was browsing the shelves, "Piece" noticed my eyes, and I grabbed it off the shelf, and it looked like it would be worthy of a B-class horror film. The cover looked pretty good. The plot sounded half-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake. Do not be fooled by the cover, which actually looks decent. I think that more money was spent on the cover than the film itself. Film two police detectives who track down ud-inspired, ritualistic serial killer called «Head Hunter», which is beheading the victim on the left and the right in some unnamed city (probably, Los Angeles), and they are involved in his world ritualized murder. <br /> <br /> The story sounds a little bit right? Well, it is, and this film could already halfway decent. But God, it was bad! Almost all of it was funny. The first scene shows some red-haired actress in the car, trying to speak in this huge, outdated cell phone, and, for some reason, she goes out and talks to some guy. Then a shadow comes over them, chop his head off, and she falls to the ground and began to crawl (for absolutely no reason), trying to dial 911. The sound ridiculous? Yeah, you bet it is. The whole movie looks like it was filmed on camera VHS-quality, and I believe it was. Action was basically awful, and special effects were far from true. And the scene with the police on the phone were terrible - the voice on the other line was an echo, and it sounded like it was recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was just amateur and tiresome, and he did not hold my interest for a long time, and I often get bored and tired, mainly because of the bad effects and terrible cinema. Walking was bad. Everything was just bad. <br /> <br /> In general, the "aliens" is a failed attempt at what could be a decent B-movie. The plot was good, and I think that if this movie was better treated and had a higher budget, it might have been in order. But this film fell on his face. If you are expecting something semi-decent, you will be sorely disappointed. It recommended only if you can tolerate a D-class horror. Otherwise, you probably want to stay away from that garbage right on the video. It was a small capacity, but it was for the mess. 1/10.
