Woosh ??! Man ?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> The opening scene, maybe? We see a bunch of Mongoloid-barbarians with bad makeup to jump the walls of some of the ruins. They sneak around and attack some dude with a poorly dressed girls in captivity. Man escapes Orientals follow him and one of them is left behind, it would seem, to rape her, but instead he puts one of her breasts and kidnaps her. Then, man (still underway) sees the horse and trying to steal it. Suddenly ?? He is looking blond god-like hero with a bad wig, saying: "That's my horse!". Powerful Deathstalker just made its appearance. Mongoloids arrive, Deathstalker kills all of them (including man) in the tune of some very ridiculous Mexicanos western account (it must be Flick Swords & Sorcery, so that «ARRIBA-trompettos»?), And then goes to the captive girl and exposes both of her breasts. He begins to rub and captive girl seems to like it. She begins to love her lips and caressing Deathstalker. Just when they are going to get to him, it seems, this old man, interrupting what could be the end of a perfect day for Deathstalker (and possible the perfect end to a short film). <br /> <br /> Now tell me ?? It is not that the point at which a feminist to shut down the movie anger, or any other male spectator would say: "It will be a hell of a good movie!" The story is as simple as throwing a kitten from the balcony: Deathstalker must obtain the sword of justice and use him to steal an amulet of life and the cup of magic from the evil sorcerer Munkar <br /> <br /> In addition. Decapitation, dismemberment, accidental bloodshed late fisticuffs and inconvenient sword fighting, this film also contain large amounts of t! $$ p & shooting. Initially, I would like to add one further point in this film for every gratuitous shot of a naked boobies I could count. After 9 points (not even halfway in the film), I had to give up the count. It distracts me from the rest of the film. And the rest of the movie is worth it. Absolutely crazy things. Check this mutant cat / worm-like creatures Munkar has as a pet, and he feeds the eyeballs and fingers. And here's an interesting question: What would you do if a person is in a woman's body should enter your bedroom and try to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: you hit him around a little bit, take a knife and then tried to rape him. Then you find out that he really is not a woman, so you throw him out of bed and tell him to leave his room. It works well, I tell you. Deathstalker does it too, and Deathstalker-way is the right way! <br /> <br /> Deathstalker is a great movie, in fact, as has been shown in other comments. Villains in contempt. Women are very tasty. There's blood, sex, violence, rape and delicious chicken. There is a completely meaningless tournament which just shows a bunch of barbarians beating, slashing and hacking shit out of each other. What is your favorite weapon used in this tournament it was a giant wooden hammer, hitting a poor opponent in a bloody mess. And my favorite rival is undoubtedly that one beast with Warthog head (reminiscent Gamorrean Guardsmen from Return of the Jedi). I will not reveal how the movie ends, but just prepare to rape delighted when I tell you 4-way division of thrown into the climax of the film. <br /> <br /> And, of course, there is an excellent display ineptitude throughout the film. See the guy pulls a horse on a dirt road, and the next point-of-view shot shows him pulling on the grass (without roads). See that huge tattoo on his head sorcerer magically change sides within the same scene (on the shot has him on the left side of his head, the other on the right). Well, in the end, the magician munkar. This is so, or that the film was shot in an alternate universe, where things such as "continuity" does not exist. <br /> <br /> As far as I enjoyed it, and as much as I am looking forward to another 3 installments in this series, I have enough scraps of decency left in me, in order to prevent the film passes. I'm ready, though, to give it the maximum number of minimum points, just so I could be able to take a few more points for possible humbly for to follow. Deathstalker can be great fun, cheesy and sleazy CONAN plagiarism, it is also a disgusting film.
