If there's one thing that annoys me more than anything is a bad film, he sees it is done by experienced filmmakers, who should know better. It is "rethinking" Planet of the Apes could use some insight, not to mention the essential elements of character development. Nova, the girl in the original Planet of the Apes, was better developed than Daena character in this version, for all that she did not say a word. You can, of course, expected much better from Tim Burton, the man who is still combined with the incredible visual representation of intelligence, wit and humor, all of which were noticeably absent in this production. <br /> <br /> There were problems in the basic development of the plot. The first big mistake was allowing people to speak. This is a fundamental difference between apes and humans who made * all * the difference in the original film. Even while he was mute, his ability to communicate was that dedicated Taylor Heston as being different from other people. In this film, Mark Wahlberg calls (say) human slave rebellion, but there is an exciting reason they do not rise up and disposed of their emancipation already. They are agile tool for users and be able to communicate in order to form a plan, something dumb people can not do. He does not need any man fall from the star to save them. Indeed, since he comes from a technological civilization, and finds himself in a pre-technology era without (first) any electronic gadgets to help him, is Wahlberg, who must be at a disadvantage, and are not people who used to live there. <br /> <br /> It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter is working so hard to create some sparks between her and that respond to a brick wall Mark Wahlberg requests. Her best scenes were with criminal Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> The people were virtually ignored until they were needed in the third act, at what point Daena began to show some actual interest in the Davidson (Wahlberg) and a young boy suddenly changed from a part of the background to the brave freedom fanatical -znishchalniku. It was a weak character development. (Estella Warren, in particular, looked as if she would have been capable of a lot more than it was given in the script). Puzzled Wahlberg at the end, like what they see these people in it, of course, shared with me, as he almost did not communicate with people over the <br /> <br /> Create monkeys :. polballa plus and two minus: Ape makeup was different from men, in particular, Michael Clarke Duncan, who has an incredibly expressive eyes (and that's why he was so good in The Green Mile), and make-up design allows it to take full advantage of them. But she looked like monkey or the earth, nor a monkey or man. Cons were jumping monkey that looked about as realistic as the rocket Flash Gordon: jumping monkeys looked as if they had just been laid off from a catapult, they were not any longer than the final caresses of these monkeys. Second, poor sound mix - when the gorilla pit it quite clear overwritten with some animal, probably cats, making them seem ridiculous and unreal <br /> <br /> In the original film, the various "human" things. monkey do and say, are treated as light relief ( "I never knew that I did not like a monkey." "person sees a person to do!"). Here, primates just talking as if nothing had happened in the same way as the twenty-first century, people, and there is no humor in it at all. The only truly original idea was Ari write it down. <br /> <br /> Nothing made me shudder more than "V-Ger with Star Trek» moment near the end of the movie. First of all, the monkey seems to have been able to read a Roman inscription in the distant past, to them to know the name of the band gap in its partially hidden form. Second, the mysterious inscription gives the name is simply covered with sand, which Wahlberg just happens, any monkey could do many centuries ago. this moment was for me, far worse, than film because libel end. <br /> <br /> things of this kind, however, is typical for the majority of scientific and fiction ychnyh movies today. Back in the '60s and' 70s, they usually do not have the budget to make a compelling futuristic sets, but they had to deal with a truly original themes and ideas that were really a science fictional. I mean, 2001: A Space Odyssey, 1967 Planet of the apes, THX1138, Soylent Green, quiet operation, and one thousand nine hundred seventy-two Solaris First Planet of the apes, even using only scientifically sound and physically possible way to travel forward in time.. However, this film includes almost all of the bad science fiction clichés going: cosmic storms, anomalies and wormholes directly from Star Trek; Solar System planets and their moons, apparently all visible together as a large globe (in reality, with any one of the planet, the rest of the body, even their own companions, just points of light); conventional missile operates a shuttle journey from Saturn to Earth in a few minutes rather than years; Two thousand years Equipment for the firing up and fully functional per minute the hero presses the button. Not to mention the convenient bullet-proof inner glass door. In today's environment, you need to explain why * it is bulletproof, but because it is "science fiction" You should not! <br /> <br /> In general, most disappointing film of Burton.
