Spoiler warning ?? although I think it was spoiled by one coming from a cylinder ?? It is hard to imagine that a movie with these stars, with the studio, made in this period of time, it may be awful, but it's true. This is the biggest drawback of the film far that it just does not make any sense cursed. <br /> <br /> The rich widower American aristocrat Penn Gaylord leaves his little daughter "in charge" and goes to the First World War, where he was killed. Then we forward to the present time (1942) and a total mess. Three sisters in the court, where they are said to have spent the last twenty years, and some asshole named Barclay tries to take them away from their house. This is just the beginning of an infinite number of outstanding issues, which contains a script, more holes in it than the Warren Report. What's wrong with the state of Gaylord? If the will is worth half a billion, why went to the family home with a magnificent palace in the house on the Munsters? Who the devil is a clown Barclay? And why is he in a position to take someone's home away from them? Questions, just piled on top of more questions. <br /> <br /> usually friendly and charming plays George Brent Barkley, who inexplicably total sod trying to go through all the above all, taking whatever the hell he wants, no matter who it belongs to, and without guilt; but no one, except Fiona (Barbara Stanwyck), it seems, especially not like this cretin. Why? None of these questions have not always answered. Instead, we just follow the life of Fiona with a train derailment on the other, evil Barclay takes her home, its condition, and even her baby. What is she doing? Shoot him? Set it on fire? No, too logical. In a completely unlikely wraps up this woman who is only a romantic relationship with Barclay was, except for the formalities of marriage, rape, suddenly decides midsentence (literally) that she did not hate him, she loves him. And they will live happily ever after. Suddenly, for no reason in the world, this early female role model of independence and power is converted in the usual miserable ankle twist reproach is more common in the films of this era. Yes, of course, they steal everything in the world that belongs to me, and I fell in love with you. On which planet is this happening? I can only guess at the reason why I've never heard of this film before I had to catch it on Turner that he was lost to a modern audience, as it is today.
