I want to make more movies have been two hours. On the other hand, I want more films of the American Civil War was only two hours long. "Gone with the Wind», «Gettysburg» - this is about the length I have come to expect; Although these two, at least entertained for hours, but they continued; and even the "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it did because it all happened in the course of it. <br /> <br /> In contrast Ang Lee film is inflated and without complications. It actually feels like it takes much less than two hours. It's not a compliment. This is actually no different from any other form of sensory deprivation: While it feels as if it would never end, then, it seems, did not take any time at all <br /> <br /> The film goes on error. leg, as if the game is its endless loans at the opening of the frame (bad mistake), in which we are introduced to some of the characters we receive an instant later, and does not like to come to the disgusting. Two central Jake, the son of German immigrants, who are staunch supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, as an ardent southerner whose values ​​Jake shares. (I had to reread that sentence to make sure that I did not write "Jack" instead of "Jake" in a certain time, or vice versa). The two leave to become «Bushwhackers» - Southern militias, which are so much eager for revenge and violence that they can not even be bothered to join the official marching, I guess they think it's for sissies. I'm afraid, Lee lost me right there. It is easy to feel the characters that make the moral mistake: if we have some independent grounds, as they are, or feel as if we know them, in a sense, their moral failings can make us care about them more. Not so here. We are not adequately represented, Jake, at least one hour; when we eat, it becomes clear that he is stupid eel person who is not a Confederate for selection, as well as out of habit - the person who says or does something that everyone around him does and says, whose psychology is purely immitative, people he associated with either the same or positively undesirable in some uninteresting way. I found myself applauding when North cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought, well - to kill a rebel, an end to the damn war, let me go home <br /> <br /> aggravating the problem is the terrible, horrible dialogue .. Everything speaks in the same nagging Southern accent. I hear accents from all over the English-speaking world, and this is the worst of all. I do not care if the southerners is true to say that it's just not fair to ask the audience to listen to him for two hours. And believe me, we're listening to him for two hours: the picture Lee is Talky one, mainly because the characters are so long to say what they mean in their wrong, they say, all three times, folksy drawl . It would help if they were talking faster, but not much. These people can not find a more effective language to communicate <br /> <br /> In short, the film is small, but the gallery equally unattractive characters that have no inner life, which speak offensively ugly speech mode, which does not bathe often enough to whom there is nothing interesting, despite their participation in the war. Good points? Jewel was a pleasure to watch, and so was the scenery. But I have a complaint, even here. Cinematography, beautifully decorated, it looked as if someone had found a replacement color film to black and white by mistake; as well as for the Jewel, we are teased with her body, but never allowed to look at it, I think it's at least we should.
