** SPOILERS ** It was an ugly film, and I'm sorry that I watched it. How Doberman She Kounen, it suffers mostly because of poor editing - or lack thereof. It is as if the director was so in love with their work, that instead of cutting the film to the tempo that kept his attention, he said all the shots he brought together. There are perhaps two great scenes in the entire film. One of them * Spoiler * if the Bank is fossilized and the camera begins to rotate around it. It was cool - but well, we got it! Come in, please! The camera is no longer revolve around this guy! There it can be one or two more cool scenes that I had forgotten about this stream of mediocrity, but the last duel scene is not one of them! This may be because, in contrast to earlier swordfight scenes processing, Shanao wholly masked - but only because the director could not find the stunt, which is somewhat reminiscent of Asano Tadanobu does not give him the right to go ahead and make up 80% of the sword fight with extreme close-up encounters of the ball! And all from the same angle, can add. Director should learn from the US manufacturing one thousand nine hundred ninety-five bullet train ninja movie hunted! I personally saw a village raid scene as a tribute to the previous generation of social activists who clashed with police in violent demonstrations of their student years. A situation where the innocent are oppressed respected and the armed branch of the government do not want to understand, it seems to spread a message in the Japanese media, because of the strong influence of the Socialists and Communists, which the political minority. The film version of GTO and salaryman Kintaro two other recent examples * END Spoiler * I do not understand. I just do not understand why people who do not speak the language of cinema found worthy of praise in this material. Perhaps the worst was lost in translation <br /> <br /> end of the film -. Where marketing plays a lot, it is a different interpretation of the legendary meeting between Shanao and Bank. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and so out of touch with the modern that, after more than 138 minutes played by visual methods, who cares how the director wants to rethink the story? Director Sasaki Hirohisa crazy Lips said the unpleasant tendency among new Japanese directors to ignore the Japanese audience, and target their films to foreign film festivals - in order to gain international fame faster. It works, but it does not make sense, because the point of the international film festival is an introduction to the world of what films are being made in other countries, what movies to watch people in these countries. Of course, not GoJoe and the like.
