Well, where to start? I think I can start with general complaints about the manner in which to sell this movie. Call me ignorant, not knowing the book Schneebaum before watching the documentary, which was based off of this and decide that I live under some stones, but do not blame me for picking this film until the title and description on the box has no note of the fact, that this "documentary" is actually a companion to the book said. Yes, I felt pretty foolish after watching this little flick seeing the reason why I sat down to watch it in the first place is to get a good portion of "Modern Cannibal Tale." I mean, I'm a fool waiting for this movie to actually cover a large part of its history, about the behavior of cannibalism in the jungle tribes? Of course, I did not expect an hour and forty five minutes of the old cranks kissing your ass whining about every little detail of his life dull and worn. Of course, I did not expect that insipid direction, and I especially do not foresee laugh so hard at Tobias Shnibaum and all its glory scare. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum really bad. Old bitches just wandering around and the whole movie makes the whole picture of the personal story about him, even though he was not even so interesting a character to fill the story. Really? He was a cannibal? Ninety percent of the film focuses on the relatively dirty money in the past Schneebaum. The only time we really get to see some cannibal action when Tobias finally breaks his silence a little bit about what happened to him in Peru and said that he was "a little piece." That's it, guys. Ninety minutes later, bovine and Tobias Shnibaum cannibal is three inches. It's like winning film "Life is a true Don Juan," only to see that the only time the protagonist says the film did something sexual happened in college, when he once played "only the tip." Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> direction, indeed, perfectly awful, there is no flow or rhythm of history, they say. Okay, I realize that I have not read the volume Schneebaum to watch his celluloid story about it, but I can still recognize the bad steps and worse editing. One minute Schneebaum says about cruise ships and tourism, and the next he is going and on about how he can not move, and then goes on to talk about some dead relatives or some did not work, and the poor sagas in his life. I mean, Jesus, you have at least to slap his back story to the first part; follow up with some material, covers his homosexuality, and then finish it with a heartfelt look in his visit to Peru? In addition, I do not particularly care much for tasteless little quips Schneebaum to life and life, but I at least beg old to keep in line with its disjointed. When I hear a guy saying that he prefers life in the jungle, I do not expect him to suddenly bitch and moan about the desire to return home in twenty minutes. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note on directing this random clips from the story at hand on the small television appearances, which came our hero. While some may find the clips be fancy little breaks stories, directed by excessive trick and broke all of his film on a part of the seemingly trying to put a large part of the effort to tell the story of the old drums. <br /> <br /> In the end, here is what Tobias Shnibaum this fraud. Pure and simple. I know that I have not read the book, but I'm still holding on to the argument that this film is absolutely useless, noting that a good movie has to stand on its own. This documentary uses too much on the assumption that the viewer is a proud supporter of the work Schneebaum and instead goes on this assumption, as an additional drive, found on the DVD. Schneebaum simultaneously arrogant and bitch striking sour mix during mixing so that its history is highly nya-riveting. If you are looking for a solid part of the nature of man and cannibalism, it turns away, because «Keep The River To Your Right» is strikingly oars mercenary recitation of a person who is high time the straight-jacket and gag.
