Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were extensive career (separate) film, before they were finally united. For many of the pre-condition Ollie movies, he was billed on the screen as Baby Hardy ... and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as "The Kid". During a tour of post-war Britain with Laurel in music hall acts for Bernard Delfonta, Hardy was interviewed by journalist John McCabe, in which he explained the origin of the nickname in the beginning of his acting career, Hardy received a shave from a gay hairdresser who squeezed ! Hardy chubby cheeks (the ones on his face) and said: "Good child Hardy colleagues started crying his" baby, "and the nickname stuck <br /> <br /> While most of the preliminary work of Laurel Hardy is very interesting - in particular. his comedic roles in support of Larry Semon and Chaplin them (?). - Tatar Billy West, who is his collaboration with Billy nother in a series of low-budget shorts for Vim Comedy Film Company is very sad exactly Hardy and Ruge were given screen names Plump and Shorty: names, what unpleasant in themselves, but even worse because Ruge (though shorter than Hardy) is not particularly kid. I saw here, Hardy looks like what he is doing in his earlier films with Hal Roach Laurel ... but without the braids hair and mustache fastidious. <br /> <br /> «too much», absolutely typical Plunt and shorty epic is acutely unfunny ... and dreichness becomes even more pronounced by the fact that this movie has exactly the same premise as "this my wife, "one of the funniest films of Laurel and Hardy. Thick (Hardy) star resident in the rooming house, which is controlled by a high incoherent mistress. Runt (abused) is the keeper. Thick receives a letter from his rich uncle John Dosh which it waits to receive an inheritance. His uncle comes to him and to meet his wife and child in plump. There's only one problem: Fat does not have a wife and child. He lay with his uncle, a family man to appear. Now, of course, waiting for Plump Runt find his wife and child for a short period. Of course, the disastrous results. It would be nice if these disastrous results were funny, but they are not. Most of the humor is not funny just an empty farce with characters of settling their arguments, pushing each other to the bathroom. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS COMING. (Who?) Wimm director Louis shows no instinct framing cameras: the actress who plays the landlady is much higher than Hardy and Louis sequentially sets your pictures so that her head is out of frame. It can be funny, if done on purpose, but it is simply incompetent. At some point in this bad comedy, extremely tasteless gag on the horizon, as the investor approaches a black laundress. "Of course, they would not stoop that low for a laugh, I thought. But they do. The little man steals a baby black women and tried to dissuade it from, as descendants. <br /> <br /> plump in one way or another, Plump gets crib infant, but he still has not received a child. Johnny's uncle climbing stairs, plump recruits Runt for a child. This gag can be simply may have worked with a dwarf, or even really a toddler sized actor, such as Chester Conklin, but Billy scolded only slightly below average growth. rugi embodiment of di I is neither plausible nor funny, and Uncle John would have to be an idiot to fall on him. Surprisingly, he does <br /> <br /> The most characteristic aspect of "too many" short appearance - apparently it only in the history of the emergence of the film - at Madelyn Saloshin, first wife of Oliver Hardy's marriage was not happy, though marital problems Hardy never reached epic proportions Stan Laurel <br /> <br /> only one thing in it.. film impressed me. There is a very short series of lightning with Hardy remembered about his affair with the coastal beauty of the dome. In 1916 he was not yet a standard grammar of film to transport retrospection: shown here is done elegantly and simply. It is a pity that this film does not have any other advantages. "Too much" is certainly one film too much on a resume Oliver Hardy, and I will vote for this film only one point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together is definitely much funnier than any of them individually.
