96 minutes is cruel..and I love old Munster. Yes, the plot of the thing; yes lines are commonplace; but he who was at the helm of this was not a fan. There is so much "Intrigue" (and I use this word with a long pause) I wonder if it is an old episode of Starsky and Hutch. I've lost count how many times I have noticed that the makeup missed a spot at the gate. Refusing to admit that some time has passed since the mid 60's (ridiculous) manufacturers simply replace Marilyn & Eddie with young actors. Why not allow them to grow and age? Adding a family reunion style gave Addam sun adds to the flavor of Halloween Party. <br /> <br /> Grandpa and Herman fly to Transylvania and back in a few hours (out of place.) Sid Ceaser most, but the most incredible character (including me bad bots), as he babbles in unwild combination of delirium and Yiddish, but argues that the ancient Arab ruler. And yes, it seems that there is no laugh track. In fact, there are a few places where there is dead air, as if the laugh track was to be inserted later. The actors seem to be waiting on the fake audience. This is not funny; it's sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line which just goes to show you how to cut off the writers and producers. Marilyn says something like: ".! Where is Uncle Herman and Grandpa to be, they could be in an accident they could get hit by a car ... or in the train, "Lily says answers something like:" You're Uncle Herman would be here when he needs to go on the train track. " surprisingly, it has: husband Yvonne DeCarlo was a stuntman in the early 60s and has lost a leg and was almost killed in a train stunt. He never recovered, and it is financially devastated her family. (Check biographical fi in my life and career) This line can be easily modified to be more sensitive to it. <br /> <br /> If you are a fan of Munster, you will need to RENT this mess. It shows how some things are better left alone. Even with the (almost) original cast, it's almost as bad as an attempt to remake the show a few years ago.
