To make it clear from the get-go, "The Bagman» very, very, very bad. She suffers badly in almost every aspect except one: the finished product is such a terrible film, which in fact it is hysterically funny look. This is a very low-grade film. Budget constraints for the film will be apparent to anyone who watches even just opening sequence names. I'm not sure if most of the humor in the film was supposed to or not. For example, the film takes place in the "Doomsville Note to all potential home buyers:. If the city you're moving, called« Doomsville »keep moving Stephanie Beaton quickly removed her top for quite captured scenes of sex in the kitchen I could not help but laugh, because.. he has a deliberate humor (she turns on the gas stove ... get it? the sex is so hot? get it?), and unintentional humor. unintentional in this case, is the music. it's like theme music for "chariot of fire" is Electronica. Break computer and synthesizers! I understand that comes with the music for a small production, as the price is prohibitive. I really feel for them, because the work is so well-meaning. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I have not laughed so much on sex screen as "Alone in the dark" with the song "seven seconds" (I guess they were referring to that poor old Mr. Slater was a little ... soon to draw?). Even the end credits funny. Intentionally or not? You be the judge: pet dog and cat is part of the credited gypsum - and animal wrangler was on set for them! - The boom is credited to "Mr. B. wand" and wardrobe 3rd unit (Yes, they were the third block) are transferred to K-marts. Maybe it's just me, but I think the fun is about more than saving the movie. The film is very, very bad, but the goal of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family as well-intentioned in «The Bagman», you can not help but like the film they produce. «The Bagman» is bad, but not terrible. In its own sweet way, it is even possible to slightly endearing. It has its drawbacks, so sincere, that you can not help but forgive them. "Better" movies that try to hide flaws almost worse in a way. I believe that this is just a movie that he knew who his audience was carried out accordingly. <br /> <br /> See any number of films, and most of them will probably be a lot better than that. Some of them may look cheaper, or worse act or stupider cost of production. They may not suffer terribly as «The Bagman» makes a terrible editing, sound effects and Foley. Mr. B. regiment did a very good job. Special effects seem to be where most of the money has gone. They tend to be more ridiculous than terrible, even if «Bagman», finally unmasked in the end, the work of make-up there is surprisingly good. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a little high but the humor helped. This is the perfect movie to find a few nights with some friends and a few beers in hand. Great fun had by someone who seriously considers himself a B-movie or a low budget film supporters. Everyone else should probably be avoided with great prejudice.
