"Bubble" is an attempt to make fun Romeo & Juliet-type story with Israel and the Palestinians, though, seems to come to him through "friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210." The characters are small and banal, like a line of dialogue and plot. The film seems to be torn between the fluff and depth. On the one hand, there is a pointed effort to be shallow as (in one example of many), some minor characters even ask questions that attract the development of understanding of the conflicts in the arm, and get answers like: "Hey, we're here to make a poster for a rave against occupation. Sun get political! "Apart from the obvious absurdity of such a line, it is only one of many awkward signals that the film is just as hollow and irrelevant, as its name suggests. On the other hand, the main claim of the film to a depth of love is worth a presentation of "Bent," a play about gays in Nazi camps. The scene on the stage awkwardly rushed, undermining its erotic power (of course, given the time constraints of the film, but nevertheless it can be edited much better effect.) And flimsily off as the rest of the film. Too bad. This game deserves much better. <br /> <br /> The characters as one-dimensional cartoon some even have names, they telegraph constant (although the word seems out of place here) substances. Aggressive soldier with cracks Golan Brigade called "Golan." Palestinian militants called "Jihad". Aspiration of chic faghag roommate «Lulu». Anyone who is familiar with the checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether from real life or documentaries will find checkpoints scene as absurdly unreal, how ?? well, the rest of this fluffy fantasy. If a Palestinian woman goes to work fast on the record of the Israeli soldiers caring and helpful, ambulance appears for a few minutes. (Delivery Out is to show Palestinians ungrateful Israel blessings and even just being paranoid.) In total, the checkpoint is displayed as a mere nuisance, rather than a series of bones stupor, crushing the soul, humiliating impediments excluding health care or necessary in cases of birth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, a Palestinian lover seems to get through to Nablus to Tel Aviv without any problems, without documents, without any hassles. It just shows, whenever he likes. If the Israelis want to go through a much more difficult task with a decent Lucy Ricardo scheme. <br /> <br /> On the background of good supporting Israelis and Palestinians gloomy homophobic, we are moving towards a solution that does not lack the motivation or purpose ?? except painfully obvious dramatic device to the milk sympathy proscribed fans. <br /> <br /> Gay Israeli-Palestinian affair was treated on the scene with much more skill and depth, both in Salem in "Salah / Shaloe" because the film hardly even innovative, as some people would like to think. <br /> <br /> gloriously bad movies ?? as a work of Ed Wood - at least, there are amazing idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. This one does not even have that going for it. Most of the audio track sounds like Simon and Garfunkel on Quaaludes, and even weird oedipal touching gay sex scene, the general incompetence pervades this film plays out as a mediocre TV-movie-of-the-week.
