I saw Crispin Glover "What is it?" At the festival, Ann Arbor film. It should be recognized that the film was, at least, just called because I got the clear feeling that even the writer / director can not give any answer. At the question and answer session after the screening, Mr. Glover said that the film was originally conceived as a short film to show the advantage of using actors with a reduction syndrome. However, this by itself is not sufficient reason to make a movie. Actors, in my opinion, the building blocks for a broader vision - a greater vision, which seemed to be confused at best and at worst, no <br /> <br /> Crispin Glover also said that he wanted to address taboo topics .. Well, he does do it. But why? The film seems to have no position, there is no reason to solve anything. whether he feels these things should not be taboo? The film does not even give me a figure that. Taboo for taboo uninteresting. He can not even afford to make a taboo or disturbing incitement at any level, because it did not concern the audience anyway. <br /> <br /> Not paying attention to the problems associated with the concept for a moment, what really struck me the most is how bad the movie was put together. Editing, cinematography and other technical aspects, it seemed, often extremely lovers. Glover said the 125-150 thousand dollars went to the movies, and I feel that this money should have been spent on the different designers (Glover actually made some design yourself - I know what I've seen, at least, the sound design in the credits). Painted sets a good (not great), but used poorly. Often feel photographed stage of the game - which would be fine if it went to a goal, but Glover's hands it just feels sloppy. Other parts are removed as a kind of home video, of poor quality with a lot of material, I see first-time filmmakers are doing on IMOVIE. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the biggest problem with "What's that?" I can not even understand how serious the movie is to be taken. There are some parts that feel like Glover screaming at you to think seriously. At other points, he seems to be on his own jokes. Perhaps he meant that it was ironic sense or in a sense, but I just felt that Glover could not even afford to give his film some serious attention. <br /> <br /> Glover said he originally wanted it to be a short film. If only it was. At the seventy-two minutes, the film runs out of images and ideas in the first twenty, and it is debatable if the ideas were formulated enough to say that they were even there during that period of time.
