There was no effort put in Valentine, to prevent it from just another teen slasher sub-genre of horror films that we have seen entirely too much in the last decade or so. I have heard many people complain that the film breaks the previous few horror films, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Kerry, and as much as I hate to be redundant, it is so blatant rip off, it is impossible not to say something. Kick a ball over the head of Jeremy poor at the beginning of the movie, so obviously taken from of Carrie, that they may also have only said it in the movie ( `Hello everyone, this is the director, and following my Carrie-plagiarism scene. Enjoy! "). But this is just a guess. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) the film is structured in pieces in the same way as any other dumb teen thriller structured. We get to know some girl briefly in the beginning, she dies, people wonder in the old, oh, the content-only happens to other nationwide t he, and then they start to kill. The problem here lies in the fact that the director and the writers clearly and honestly want to keep the film a mysterious and disturbing, but they have no idea how to do it. Will take Jason, for example. That is hopelessly arrogant guy which is so full of himself and bad with women, who he shares a check for the date in accordance with the fact that everyone has, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after a short history lesson on how badly the poor Jeremy treated, it is assumed carry some meaning. In addition, and more importantly, it has the same initials as the little boy all the girls terrorized in the sixth grade, and the same initials, signed at the bottom of all these vicious cards Valentine's Day. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for the audience to be consciously and sometimes successfully misled by the behavior of one or more of the characters that appear to be the prime suspects, and Jason is an excellent example of effort, but not such a good example successful efforts. Of course, I thought for a while that he might be a killer, but it's not the main thing. We know that from the very beginning that he is a terrible with women, which connects it with the little boy at the beginning of the film, but then in the middle of the film, he appears at a party, smiling coyly at two main girls, and then gives them a hateful look and goes out from the party and from the film without explanation. We already know that he is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so poorly thought out that they just took it as a whole, if they were done with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the killer's true identity, in fact, made difficult to predict at least a subtle way, that was also, unfortunately, another rip-off. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley killer injections in the leg with his own scalpel, he did not make a sound, suggesting that the killer may be a woman stay silent to avoid the disclosure of himself as a woman and not a man, as all suspects. But for the rest of the film, we're just the phlegmatic, ruthless, unstoppable killer with a mask of indifference and that a giant butcher knife. Director Jamie Blanks (which, with all due respect, it seems that he had some problems with the girls themselves in the sixth grade) mentions under the influence of Halloween. This, of course, it is not necessary, because it is so obvious how much he film of plagiarism. The only difference between a murderer in Valentine and Michael Mayer is that Michael mask was so effective, and he had no problems with nosebleeds. This material is shameless. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a short attempt to mislead us once again to who the killer (complete with a slow and drawn out, and `killer is, removal of the mask), but we see the beginning of Adam's nose bleed he keeps Kate, his girlfriend often reluctantly, and we know that he was the killer all along. Nothing in the film is not hinted that he might be a killer until the final act, and the unexplained nose was not exactly a reasonable way to determine the true killer in the end of the film. Valentine is not terrible (I watched it in an empty house alone after midnight, and I was afraid of the dark, as I remember, and I'm not even afraid), and symbols can be to take care of, if it was not so obvious that they were just going to die. I remember the impression of theatrical preview (although the film was in and out of the theater rather than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
