Oh, how painfully boring Sci-Fi film! This is particularly unfortunate because the opening 15 minutes were so futuristic and full of potential! In the introduction, we follow a bunch of nervous security officers and hired killers as they chase a doctor who escaped from the mysterious laboratory with a briefcase full of top secret files. How is he going to disclose supposedly terrible and inhuman events that occur in the laboratory, it is executed. Figures ?? Since then, as the "action" swifts back and forth between two points in the above-mentioned laboratories and rural mansion of a corrupt senator (or something), and it quickly becomes clear that the experiment is actually the opposite of anxiety. More sad, senseless and vague. The researchers chose four random people who are not living relative, and it is actually really important that they speak the truth, even if the giant machine reads the contents of his own mind, anyway. All of them are hiding dark secrets from his past, and the people suffer when exposed; but I do not understand how these tests may someday lead to humanity threatening devices. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. The interaction between patients and doctors is even less interesting to see how none of them really do not have faces. So basically, "Brain Machine" handles just about heaps of poor people living in very decorated room. The film could be half an hour shorter, if it were not for a thousand images of buildings standing! The transfer from the laboratory to the villas and vice versa Set each time by five different shots of the places. Or manufacturers really need padding or they simply assume that all viewers Sci-Fi idiots fail to notice the change in location by themselves. Looking at the rest of the pool with the choir in the background for the tenth time in five minutes it becomes very annoying, I assure you. performance of James Best as the Reverend with mental issues pretty decent, but the man certainly can not save this thing from being an absolute waste of time. Avoid!
