Wow. Looking at this film today, you can not help but be shocked by the writing of this film. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young played a couple that, nowadays, can be signs on «The Jerry Springer Show» - as they are painful and humiliating attitude ... and inexplicably, the writers seem to endorse it! <br /> <br /> The film begins with the hungry and homeless Loretta shown the ropes from bad, but very inventive Spencer Tracy. He shows her how by condoning you can do very well with a small amount of money and takes her home to his hut to stay. He never clear whether or not to marry, they - and considering it's a film Pre-Code, you can assume that they are not, even if they are living together. Their relationship is very strange ... and pretty sick. While you can see that Tracy takes care of her in his actions, he was verbally abusive and complete idiot --- Yang and runs back to more like some kind of dog. He calls it "lean" or "ugly", and this, in a sick way, his way of using gentle! Later, when he starts fooling around with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells a friend that if this is what he wants, it's fine with it !!! He was confident that smacks of sadomasochistic relationship, and you can not help but feel a little horrified. Of course, he did not hit her, but the relationship is very offensive. In order to show how sick this when Young became pregnant, she tells him that "... this is your baby, and it's mine, but you need not worry, I'll take the blame for it" !! Yikes! Is not all seem a little bit like looking through a peephole in a sick and dysfunctional homes Later, in the case of art imitating life, Tracy argues that such a person, he disappears in the end, it may not be difficult with the child?!. - even if it's his. But he changes his mind and decides to return home. Wow ... it's a bit of it! and when he returns, he will reverse and operating tea as if he stays, he is not obliged to take care of the baby !! She tells him that he was "a free man ... like a bird!" Wow, I was almost in tears at this tender moment ... NO! Soon this crazy couple in marriage ... and, of course, Yang depression, because it seems to stay as long as it suits him - not because of any love or sense of responsibility Since you can save. anything with the native characters of patients? What would you do? Well, as for the writers, they Tracy soon commit a robbery, to help pay for the brat! Romantic aspects of the film are destroyed, to put it mildly! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a chump - does almost nothing to take precautions to avoid getting caught - he was secretly hoping to get jailed. And, to show what a good guy he is, the guy, he's trying to rob one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> While there is a film on the bottom line, that Tracy jerked and young idiot in the movie. Despite both of them are very good actors, there is absolutely no way that they could make something out of this shit writers production. Good music, good sets, good acting and the script ... that is 100% PU. As the film is currently estimated at 7.4 for me, and I wonder how it is possible to ignore the pure awfulness characters. Terrible misfire that somehow did not destroy the careers of participants. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you're wondering if Loretta EV gets a spine in the movie or playing the man who a little strong, the answer is NO! In the end, she did not know anything and has not changed one iota better. <br /> <br /> They sure do not make movies like they used to ... in this case ... thank God!
