may include spoilers !!!! so I watched this movie last night at the LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which is not known for showing quality films. This movie is awful! I am still amazed that I was looking at all things, as it was awful. can this movie contains more stereotypes? (Play on the Jewish mother who wants her son to be a doctor, a family of Catholic priests sons, great big crucifix in every room of this house in a Catholic family, Mexican whores, the "bad" guy who really rag on the heart, incredibly poor country accents) GAG !!!! I was first intrigued by the fact that I had never heard about this movie and saw that Cheryl Pollak and Karin Nemec was in it, I decided not to sleep until 4 am to watch it. in any case, the only redeeming thing about this film is the beauty of Mädchen Amick in. I believe Pollak and incumbent Nemec right, but they have a terrible scenario for the job. Unlike the other reviewer who commented on the absence of Texas accents (the film should take place in Austin, and very few people there twang) I think that accents were there (in support of the characters, such as the date, Mary Margaret and toilet) and have not been needed. They were very, very bad. I'm so tired of Hollywood's "southern" accents do not sound anything like the area where the focus is supposed to be with. and since he had to go to Austin and video have not been there in 1991, would be expensive, I expected there to be familiar shots of the city: a beautiful building of the Capitol, ET Tower caught fire to win a football match, etc. none of these things did not exist. In addition, it takes about 5-6 hours drive from Austin to Mexico. at some point in the film, Michael and his team will fly to Mexico, to lose their virginity and are able to drive off when it is dark (during the summer and early autumn, it does not get dark in Austin until 9 pm or so), to spend time in Mexico get drunk and have sex with the Mexican (there any other kind?) a whore, and then return to Austin at dawn. while it is theoretically possible, it is not very likely. and if someone went to school in the hill country (usually in the third week of August, but probably in September 1960), they know that if they do not want to go from heat stroke, they do not wear a letter jacket !!!! ! In August and September in Austin and the surrounding areas is 90+ degrees. Only people without a body temperature would be foolish enough to wear a sweater or jacket letter on the first day of school. in general, very poorly done for a television movie experience.
