I'm in Iraq are now doing work that gives enough time to watch movies. We also have access to a large number of pirated movies, this gem came with 11 other films, and this is easily the worst that I've seen in a long time. I have seen some other reviews that say this movie does not take itself too seriously, but in fact, I think it's a cover for the fact that it's awful. It's not ironic, the authors really think that they have developed on the film Blade. This film is just one notch above the Vampire Slayer, which if you have not seen, I recommend. At least, this movie so incredibly bad that you'll laugh harder than you thought possible. This is true in the peak sun redeeming qualities what so ever. from bad actions to visual clichés (ie, the opening credits), in Adobe Premier effects. they could not even get a blank for guns that may have to do with where the film was shot, but if you are going to use effects to make them close to accurate. as well as for the actors, it seems that they just went to class lacking in fact and took the first all the ugly chick has left. Again, like Ron Hall in Vampire Assassin, do not let the trick popular act, they can not. In addition, comments on the matter to be a "return of the old vampire movies," ... no, it's not. This is exactly what the new Vampire movies. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, they are some of the super star of the fight against vampires. This is the newest vampire genre with bad blood, fake screams and cheese over the incumbent. Obviously, the one who wrote a nice review of it as something to do with the film, the actors or friends. But I do not care, I paid 33 cents for it. In any case, wrap it up, someone in his first semester of film school decided to make a film, I give them credit, because it is better than I could do. Of course, I also know that I can not make movies, so I'm trying not to. I know how to watch movies, though. I work 12 hours a night, six days a week, I saw, I was here a few thousand, and it was so bad that halfway through I was hoping for a mortar attack.
