Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions, after one of her children gets out of hand, with its annoying lame jokes that she never survive this trip..boy, it is ever on the money. Karen schoolteacher takes her group of children with Shapley College of historical research in the butt ugly Lokal dark cavity in the main pile of manure Ireland..surely there are places in this country more than the feelings of reconciliation? The caretaker of the estate, Gary (Simon Peacock) warns that Karen and her students to stay on track and do not stray into the forest. There is a myth regarding klutz Bean Clan, ritual Druids cannibals inbred family celebrating Samhain (end of summer, on October 31), "The Feast of the Dead", where victims needed to appease the spirits. Gary supposedly clairvoyant, his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us, because he was born at Samhain. It's funny, because he was sure he did not see the results of good or even give advice exactly. Almost everyone dies (.. even those who never go astray), and he did not even see his horrible fate. The fact that this monster we hear the breath of a person is a victim too many inbreeding..it resembles distorted fungus, and it looks like a disgusting abandon Mad Max picture. It did not take long before the "evil breeder" kill everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is a love interest Karen, who has made the wrong decision, coming to Ireland without the prior knowledge of his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> A terrible slasher formula does not deviate from the norm. This minuscule budget shows loud and symbols assembly lines clichés churned out again for slaughter in the usual bloody ways. Most outbreaks of violence across the screen quickly with not much going into action Cynologique death to their victims. A lot of guts involved during rapid editing cuts as one scene is on the other. Seeing a beautiful naked body Gillian Lee for a moment or two is not enough incentive to recommend it. Phil Price has really annoying trickster character, Steve, often sheds a bad jokes..how he is able to get Barbara Leigh naked in a shower of any action can only guess, because I do not have any reason why he has a chance with such beauty. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has a successful role Shae, quiet virgin brain (which is also quite hot), we know one scenario will be chosen to survive. Jenna Jameson provides long enough to get her heart cut out of the breast (at least, we see her breasts for a moment before her chest opens up), with small lines about the two missing friends she is looking for. The main problem of the film is that the history of the development and nature of grinds to a halt, because he realized that none of them are quite interesting, because director Christian Viel just lets loose a monster run rampant causing carnage, destroying the entire cast is almost a failure fluff for ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Creek has a small cameo in the opening of a victim who has deviated from the path to the campsite with its chick.
