In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began to take pictures. They were made for Mack Sennett (also known as the «Keystone Studios») and literally beaten in very quick succession. Short comedy was very little structure, and have been fully classified libbed. As a result, films, though popular at the time, were simply awful by today's standards. Many of them have a strong resemblance to home movies with hideous relatives stared at the camera. Many others point characters roam in front of the camera and do almost nothing. And regardless of the outcome, the Keystone sent them straight to the theater. My guess is that all the films at this time to be very bad, because the Keystone Chaplin movies were very successful. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin we know and love today only began to develop later in the career of Chaplin with Keystone. By 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Esseneya Studios and movies have improved considerably with Chaplin as director. However, sometimes the movies were still very rude and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin, as the cute little tramp was still evolving. In 1916, when he moved to the mutual studio, his films once again improved, and he became more famous nice guy - in many previous films, he was just a jerk (or drink a lot, beating women, provoking fights with innocent people, etc. ).. The final evolution of his Little Tramp to classic status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his feature films. <br /> <br /> It is interesting that this film is called Twenty Minutes of Love, as the film lasts about 10 minutes! Oh, well. The plot is that there is little, involves little tramp in the park. Couple wants to neck, but for unknown reasons, Charlie insists on practically sitting on his lap and a couple of really annoying. I can not understand why, and consists of a short Charlie wandered through the park annoying these people and some others later in the film. Perhaps he was looking for a threesome, I do not know. But the film lacks coherence and a not particularly funny - even when people start slapping each other and push each other in a lake. Typical poor effort before Chaplin began to give his character story and personality.
