the first is about 5 deserves a star because of the actions (some of which would have given me a better subjective opinion, not objective as it should, giving this, honored, star), but then I know that these facts are used for the actor (S) NAMES improve rating something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such production; another attempt (as well as "missing") systematic advocacy role to promote the invasion of government for their rights (as it is interesting that this is happening at a time when the IPS vendors are trying to «preferentiate» Information = the censor, and the Americans and Canadians are struggling against that at such moments). this time not indicating transfer torrent files, as evil (that one was intended to remind you of this feeling when you transmit data over the network), but just attempts in creating sexual frustration of the population as a whole. Going FEAR IS NORM promotion Hollywood on this day, especially when they come to the thriller, which is the most "on-demand" movie genre over the last 2 decades or so = the most visited, the best way to try to influence society as a whole. such levels of violence depicted in the 2 features of the moral and "ethical" people, giving a much-needed new meaning of "anti-hero" figure. make no mistake, this is NOT «DEXTER», which was supposed to be selling high quality entertainment.STOP «FEAR», please, the world would be better off without him and dollars out of it. <br /> <br /> the opening scene and generally the first 10 minutes really give a terrible picture of Errol Babbage, who CLEARLLY suffering from sexual disorders. how he handles a black male very disturbing, if not openly racist (probably in the "cliché", at least) (in real life, someone will probably get beaten for it, you'll see what I mean). the second scene (with the character of Claire Danes in the present) is even more extreme. at that moment I realized, to my mind, that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous individual people around him.how lot of people who have seen or will see this film, there was never "hold" (in both sexes) from itself, COMMON fun!?., as a rule, the film gives an extreme case of criminal (which, unfortunately, did, there is likely to happen again someday, somewhere), but his fingers still indirectly, and "you could to become that ", etc. anyone who is familiar with Sigmund Freud and Jung would know very well that sexuality is not something to be judged not to mention the "donkeys", a fanatical "hero" here. SAFE sex in its many forms is healthy and not some evil that seems obsessed with Richard Gere character, on the way to some kind of sexual "crusade". have we not learned anything from the rich recent scandals involving priests and young boys? or how long the American teenager can see the extreme violence to «PG-13," but he can not even see a woman in the chest, while the «R-18"!?!? (As long as the industry targets them the same sexual perversion as "American Pie series," for example) .raise tester-one level of children, but to disrupt them and lead them in the development of underground fetishes to unhealthy extremes? All sexual activities (for mutual acceptance) combined entity is better than some "rightous" nut case that the defendants their sorrows and shortcomings in the "other life" (new German film, which will work fine in the comparison of two different world and from each other for the same features topic) .Here, in this movie, you will probably and appreciate the good actors for drawing the opposite of what they were supposed to be. <br /> <br /> I am very disappointed with Richard Gere, especially after the recent "hunt", a feature where it really shines and more realistic "hero" (after the real facts as well) .But then it just reminds me that all of these people, only actors who get paid to play someone's political and social program. "Herd" and "missing" two heads of the same beast hidden))) it just reminds you, if you know someone with similar Installed rows on the subject as a whole, as Errol Babbage have those here, to stay away from them their own safety.they would have killed my family faster than any chance 0.00001 Paul Jerrod whose life was ... <br /> <br /> in the end I recommend it to those who think negatively here about my "Assesment" this feature film (and "missing" in fact), so you probably can have such thoughts, as I did . . Nothing is sweeter, the propaganda film shot himself in the "leg")))) this time I agree with the rating, this is not a feature for teens and children; simply because in the best case would be to confuse them even more "common" faith "money + Fame + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. "Scream" series and movies, such as AT LEAST have a certain entertainment value (even if the dumb one in my opinion). but this just another "Believe me, I know what is good for you" deep (not so well done, I might add) subliminal messages.
