It's like this ... you put in a DVD and the most professional-looking thing you see in the next ninety minutes logo distribution company. And at that moment, you know that you just yanked around <br /> <br /> People tend to trust enough to assume that if something has been put on DVD, it will have a certain level. - at least financially, if not creatively. But, unfortunately, it is not. Distribution companies are quite happy to push DVD-discs of amateur films and send them directly to the stores, waiting for the unsuspecting buyer who is drawn into a well-designed DVD cover. The weight of this particular project, most likely, an independent horror film pioneer Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name might be known among fans of the genre, as he is responsible for a number of other low-budget films werewolves - "Wrath of the Werewolf", "Werewolf Tales" and so on . <br /> <br /> «Blood Werewolf" is composed of three independent short stories of werewolves, who have no real connection, other than the fact that they are dealing with hereditary werewolves. The first segment, «Blood Reunion», largely sets the tone for all of this ... a man returns to his home town to look at the girl who was in love, only to find that her overbearing grandmother refuses to allow her to have a relationship with men, and for reasons that are somehow connected with a dark family secret. This fee is not badly directed, badly directed, and basically anything superior to what you could throw together yourself with a few friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, «Old Blood», is probably the strongest of the three and is directed by Lindenmuth. It tells the story of lesbian couples, one of whom is a werewolf, and others who wish to obtain this effect. Her desire is given, but it does not become a creature that it is provided. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than other directors who worked on this project, but still not enough to raise it above the level of an amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally, we have «Manbeast», in which some Army guy running through the forest, while being chased by two other guys. They want to kill him when he was bitten by the beast, and is believed to be dangerous, but it can not be as it seems. This one is an interesting concept, but it is extended to be too long, and if you do not realize that the "twist" in the first ten minutes, then you're probably not too bright. That pretty much sums up the problem with all of this DVD ... some good ideas just are not enough to justify spending money on something like this. In the end, you would have to pay for the painting you might painted yourself?
