First of all, I would like to say that I love "Ladies Man" sketch on SNL. I always laugh out loud at the image of Tim Meadows Leon Phelps. Nevertheless, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and feature film. Looking Leon makes his show and making lewd comments to his audience, and coming up with a variety of segments for his shows like «The Ladies Man is ...", reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." absolutely hilarious. There's a wonderful scene where Cameron Diaz plays a role, Lewinsky, Bill and Leon played and they call it "oral office." Look, this is ridiculous !!! <br /> <br /> In the film we see Leon on the show too often. In fact, he gets kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. The plot revolves around his quest for true love, involving a mysterious letter, which had landed on his houseboat, signed "a sweet deal." Karyn Parsons, who is famous for playing Hillary on the "Fresh Prince of Bel Air" is working with him on the show, and there is a secret crush on Leone. The film is just the same boring story after another. And gag sad as well. The first time we see Leon mentioned the word "van" is pretty funny. If he uses it again and again, as if trying to get a laugh, a joke has run dry. Most of the jokes, which he uses we have heard before in the movie jokes, and do better, the sketch SNL and played tedious hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to insert Will Ferrell musical number and his gang Man contempt for women, who all want to destroy it, because their wives had to deal with it, to bring life to these brainless comedy. Ferrell has some with eshnyya moments and trying to make the best of another unfunny roles. Ferrell just has this unique comedic talent, and he's funny about all that he does. Even Julianne Moore receives a cameo. Watching her, you can not help but wonder, "What hell, it makes the Oscar-winning actress in this film ?? !!!! "her name was not mentioned in the opening credits -. probably with his consent and, of course, the film of this topic should include a master of love itself, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee charismatic as always, but even he can not breathe enough life in this film. I must also add that the soundtrack full of soft R & B hits, which makes it difficult to film even more, giving it a terribly pessimistic tone - as if the script is not boring enough. I mean, it "should" be a comedy. The soundtrack would be the way something like "Love Jones." <br /> <br /> «House of People" has only sporadic laughs. There are exceptions in which the SNL can make a great movie because of the short sketch. See how from the "Wayne's World" films, and you'll see how it's done. But this film, as well as adapting the character Mary Katherine Gallagher to the screen in «Superstar» shows the opposite direction. Some sketches are remembered on SNL, and not on the silver screen <br /> <br /> My rating :. 3 (10)
