I went to see this film with the most positive expectations. I have seen the previous film Jacques (March of the Penguins) and heard a very positive review of this one on the radio. However, I was very disappointed. First of all, this film is very boring. Literally nothing happens. I tried to describe the content of the film to the other, and we both ended up laughing, because I could only mutter something like "and then winter comes, and then in the spring, and then there is the eagle, and the river, and once it is dark, and the girl It falls into the cave, and another time the fox has children, "and so on. After about half an hour I started sighing, yawning, rolling his eyes, cursing commentator on the radio, and in the hope that it will soon be over. But the film went on and on. When it finally ended, I was so deeply sunk into my chair, I had to look a little like Stephen Hawking. The most annoying part of the film is (a) a girl who is obviously there to give the children someone to identify with. She wears the same clothes throughout the movie (one year), and shows exactly two facial expressions: joy and seriousness. She's cute, no question about it. Nevertheless, the film is about the beauty of nature as it would have done better without the presence of its all too human. I found myself constantly in the hope that it could be eaten bear, drown in the river, or something equally horrible. (B) In the comments on the adult voice of a girl who does not tell us anything other than minor, obvious, boring, redundant things. (C) music desperately lacks finesse. If a girl happily jumping around, the music jumps around too. If the fox is endangered eagle, the music becomes threatening, too. It reminded me of the early days of filmmaking, and was too predictable to enjoy. It should be recognized that many of the children who saw the film with me was, obviously, like, at least they got somehow involved. Thus, my warning applies only to adults: If you are older than ten years, to avoid this movie. You can get a better (and cheaper) to sleep in most other places.
