I used to watch the video for the legendary "We Are The Weird" Newsletter Joe Bob Briggs. I have seen many types of ugly, but it certainly was the worst, and the year has not been good - it remains the most indecent crime against movie I've ever seen. Do not get me wrong - Caged Terror nominally more technically competent than, say, MONSTER-A-GO-GO, or guy from Harlem or something of that sort. That solidified his claim as the worst movie of all time for me is its unique combination of craftsmanship with bare damaging pretentious. Is this comment Vietnam? Environmental protest? Inciting a race riot? The study of human inhumanity to man? Novel exercise in nature packing frames to (almost) full-length? In short: in HEP ​​young urban professional (perhaps the most loathesome screen character ever) then seduces nubile Asian-American colleague, camping in the woods with him. After knocking her forehead, with quasi-philosophical cotton for most of the hours they work on two stray veterans unforgettable Jarvis (Righteous Brother) and Il Trovatore (guitar pulled Manson Family reject). Hey, the plot twist! Voltage! Action! Exciting! Well, no, just the culmination of getting locked into a makeshift wire-coop-and-slightly humiliated scene. The victim in question stares blankly at the prison guards and muttered, "No ... no ... please ... nya ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis refers Troubadour as the «Trouby" once a minute or two, bringing to mind nothing so much as an alien star pod PEOPLE Juan Picquer in. that's all that happens in the CAGED terror, and a synopsis might make it seem almost bearable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and it is the only one left in the last eight years, since I first saw it, the worst. (. I push him in the old VCR from Institute every two years or so just to calm and soothe myself, I certainly do), I think the element that makes CAGED terror so particularly hated it: very little happens, and although that does little happens happens pretty bad and pretty slow, which really makes it unwatchable compulsively is a suffocating feeling that the filmmakers really, really want to poke some message in his throat. But as CAGED terror so incompetent and ineffective, what was intended as a lesson in civics getting a crash course in intensive care discomfort. This movie length of 75 minutes, and feels like three and a half hours. It's awful, really really scary. Guys, believe me, I've seen ghosts that still walk and this one is worse. Go it! You'll thank me. And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite line: (in cells of terror, but maybe someday) "Yeah, well, you probably think that the Song of Songs was an allegory of the love of Christ to the church ..." (Note: Due be delivered in tone agreed condecension.)
