I see a lot of positive reviews on this board, trying to revive the film with his lackluster status and start a cult. I see an ordinary conversation - "I think this movie is not just for the easily offended", "This film is not Shakespeare," etc. guess what? There was no "Road Trip"! And I was laughing my a ** off while this film! There's a way to make raw, tasteless comedy and deliver laughs; and there is a way ... just make it tough and tasteless. "Whipped" is trying to be "Swingers" without the mind or intellect. It seems to have been written by children's eyes, 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this film have to be white-collar workers, upright citizens - and they say, as some of the idiots I knew in freshman year of high school! Conversation laced - a drowned - a four-letter word. You would think that the people of their status will have some degree of intelligence - and a wider vocabulary. Just watch the movie Whit Stillman, and you will see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds completely unrealistic and downright caricature. If you know of any good, white-collar businessmen who tell how the characters in the film - please let me know, and introduce me to them. They irritate the sexual banter is equivalent to the standard changing room chat among adolescents only arrive at puberty. There's absolutely no understanding of the relationship, sex or ... something !!! It's just a bad excuse to show a lot of extremely - and do not take the word "extremely" self-evident, because I mean it with all my heart - raw fun. This is a stop-gap, without substance. Plugs, which are designed more for lamentations than laughter. The scene at the end between Amanda Peet and her friends was completely un called for and entirely unconvincing. There are some movies that include the interaction among the women that have been written (straight) men and play a fine. This scene includes a barrage of metaphors and sexual gestures. It includes the kind of dialogue, you can never imagine leaving the woman's mouth. It was one of those much written-on-a-guy scenes. I am not suggesting that this is a second. <br /> <br /> «Whipped" pure fantasy male patient, it is as flat as it is annoying. I got a (very) few laughs this very forgettable comedy, and they were probably the result of desperation. If you do not laugh for a long period of time, you are desperately looking for humor in the most trivial things. So I would not note that down as a positive.
