Being a music student myself, I thought that the film takes place in the conservatory can be fun to watch. Little did I know ... (I had no idea that this movie was based on a book by Britney Spears) This movie was incredibly everywhere. It is obvious that the one who wrote the script never set foot in the conservatory and does not know about classical music. Let me give you a few examples: 1) There is no way, who will be admitted to the classical conservatory, without classical training at all! Just have a good pop voice is not enough, moreover, is quite another matter - a different genre, different technique. It's like playing the violin, when the application for the viola. 2) How does the teaching of the theory of house music was singing in the jury? If she had not been singing professor himself, it will not have voting rights in such a situation, and if it had been a professor of singing, why do not we say it? 3) Being able to read music is a necessity if you are to specialize in music. 4) As the angel seize this videotape? That would be confidential, only for the jury eye. Now she received a tape from one of the professors or writers simply do not have a clue. I wonder ... 5) Professor of singing a song Carmen gave Holly saying that she "had a range", which it clearly is not. Yes, she was able to sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while the voice of Holly, seemed much easier in timbre are not compatible with this song. 6) Worst of all: Not only that, the film shows a shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but it does not even try to hide it. Aria that sings Angel disfigured beyond recognition, a fact painfully glaring at a concert, where it broke in a shameful way - Mozart will roll over in his grave. Habanera from Carmen sounds sometimes a bit strange, too, and it was reorganized at the end just shows how small producers really think about classical music - it's hard and sad, but hey, add drums and guitar, and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know that all of these little details, but it would be so easy to avoid them with just a little research. Anyway, I would choose to suspend your disbelief were the characters and plot were well designed. But without it, I really can not find any redeeming qualities in this film, except for one thing: it's good for a laugh.
