I was excited when I heard that they finally do this terrible thing in the movie. Whole era (1980-Southern California) and the subject (drugs and porn industry) intrigues me. I thought it would be a sure hit. I was not happy with the choice of Kilmer, Holmes, they do not resemble each other in physical appearance or manners. I believe that he sells? Nevertheless, I was ready to ignore it and give it a fair shot. I was a little shocked that there were only like four others around the theater with me on that first day of the show. Now all the crime and the story in the film is hard to do, I admit that. There were no witnesses to this brutal and atrocious act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and yourself) when he talked to the police. In fact, Holmes had never testified about what happened, and the crime went unsolved. So it was still a really big secret, a secret that the film does nothing to shed light on. The person who writes the script was a lot of opinions, and most of the main characters are dead. However, there is no real story line, it is fragmentary sense. Scenario light and actors try hard to strengthen the paper thin line on replays. The film does not give a picture of Holmes or other people involved. Kilmer character disappears for a long, blunt his girlfriend, police jokes. Even Kudrow's trying his best to make the role look flimsy material. This is a very small part, and dare I say, sad. Directed by even trying to turn it into a love story. Which is nice if you do not know anything about that piece of garbage John Holmes really was. Maybe a few viewings Anderson's "Boogie Nights", may have helped here. "Night Boogie" was innovative and exciting in every way. This film, on the other hand was flat and without any real charm and style. Even music is not the place, with Duran Duran, played in a scene that was to take place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There could be a great movie based on this hideous event, but I had never seen him. I have not seen even a decent one (except the scene Rahad Jackson by Boogie Nights).
