Takashi Shimizu had an excellent opportunity to remake his original film Ju-On The Grudge. Although I have not seen this movie, I'd bet that there are more fancy and originality (or rip-originality, in other words, the ability to known pathways of the Japanese ghost film) than in his own direction alteration. Maybe the script was written by somehow have some kind of perverted call, or I would assume, availability, for an American audience. Starting with some potential - an allusion to something really fucked up happens with sudden movement Bill Pullman - just goes into the general mishmash. But as a horror film? . Give me a break <br /> <br /> The voltage can be built on the situation - the nurse is going to take care of violations of women in a house that is haunted - but he undercuts whatever he wants his audience to feel apprehensive? How about some music is timed just so you know exactly when to wait for something. Black Cat? So, why not just make a ghost of a boy thing sounds like a cat to horror, which, in fact, is just terrible, if you want a cat. The plot? Why not just shuffle between the past and the present, without any resemblance to the actual flow of how to tell a story (to be inserted and is designed to be organic to the story as a whole, they are not worth it, while flashbacks), or that no matter what, we have to take care of those who are in the cast. <br /> <br /> until the characters, or those that exist for exposure to bypass tells us what is going on or something, a little sense care. Film production is bad (i.e., 180 degrees rules broken many times and not in prostitelen intrigue or method), and the performances of wood or even scared shocked (Gellar particularly disappointing, but Pullman, which show up later, after his first scene is very miscast). Even if Shimizu tries in some high old panic «Boo», for example, when a woman is in an office building and being chased by a ghost Grudge, it's still stupid. Just watch as she goes to the elevator, and a ghost in the background of shots. Or will you go with him, and if so, more power to you, or you will laugh hysterically at the results. Count me in the past <br /> <br /> I'm not quite sure where this project did not work out. - it was Shimizu order to convert it to studios, or it does not give enough freedom of action with its update of its vision? Or maybe Raimi had some say in it, and made all the more complicated and / or dimmer than they would have been with someone else. Grudge gives us a lot of information that does not make sense, or at least give us some horror fodder to chew. It Cineplex rubbish sad manner.
