Well, what are the chances! At the exact right moment, that several Redneck amateur scientists discover cave paintings, which show that some type of dinosaur monster could have inhabited the region thousands of years ago, a burning meteor crash into the lake and spontaneously hatch egg monster that lay there ?? more than a thousand years, I guess! "Crater Lake Monster" is a movie that just has to be seen to be believed, but it is better to do it in the company of many friends and a lot of ganja to make a useful little easier to digest. Yes, it's a terrible film with limit shabby writers imaginable and numerous insignificant margins interludes that are downright inconvenient, but it's also irresistibly charming and so clumsily put together, you just have to take care of a love for her. Half of the movie ?? at least ?? It rotates on wacky adventures Arnie and Mitch. These two local peasants to own and operate a boat rental shop near the lake, but spend most of their days picking their noses and quarrel more exciting things, how to spell the word "bait." This is mainly during their prototype situation Laurel and Hardy, the new pools of blood and severed heads found in the lake. Steve Hanson, heroic, but not quite sharp Sheriff in the case, but only if he is not too busy chasing the big cities thugs traveling through the area. Halfway through the film, there is suddenly an abrupt scene of thug robbed a liquor store and killed two people in the process. This tutorial «WTF» moment, seems to take complete other side of the country, as well as in New York or something, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events taking place at Crater Lake. Just like twenty minutes robber emerges again in Hicksville is more "exciting" chase through the woods, ending with a hungry face Dina. Absurd small parts in «The Crater Lake Monster" too numerous to mention! For example, it is perhaps the only creature-feature in which players are showing the obligatory giant trail after they have already noticed the actual monster. The inconsistencies in continuity should be legendary, as far as I'm concerned. It's like everyone has forgotten to pay attention to it. Night turns to the darkness of the day and back at dusk ?? all within the same daily course! Monster, no doubt, the best aspect of the film, even more so, that this is achieved due to good old-fashioned and splendid effects Stop- motion. Milo Critter is plesiosaurus; which means aqueous dinosaur, which looks like a cross between Denver last dinosaur and alligator. «Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable film experience which I can only encourage them to look for! Pathetic 1 of 10 rating simply because of the principle (and therefore, in principle, this is a very bad movie) should be in the future, because I might as well could give it a 10 out of 10 for pure entertainment value.
