Well, maybe I'm just a bad run with Hindi movies lately. I asked the guy for a video store Apharan (Prakash J), but being a new version was not available. So I had to settle for this. It turned out to be a stupid Hindi film that I have seen (and I've seen quite a few). Not surprisingly, Bollywood is not the laughing stock of the whole world! If IMDb had a negative rating, I would give garam masala -10. <br /> <br /> I remember a TV show about jazz premiere they were for its release in Mumbai. All the usual celebrities and their sideys revealed. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piyadarashan. I did not want Hulchul, Hungama, or his other films. Hulchul, probably, with dubbed Tamil and Telugu, I came across as very loud, in your face, which fare again does not make much sense, except in a Bollywood film. This last part of the total CXXP proved that this guy has no brains. Who made him the director, even a Bollywood director on that ??? <br /> <br /> Anyway, the film is now. What begins as a romantic escapade turns into a no-woman-would be senseless hunt. Two ways of photographers working for the magazine to share an apartment (not that like No Entry, where two guys are working for the magazine gossip and share office? Jezuz Christ, they are now replicating their own stories!) Well, anyway, there are some chefs or cooks who tries to help one of the Dodos in his quest for multilateral love (aka multitasking + multi-time). What happened in the end, I have no idea. I turned off midway. What's funny garbage. I can not believe that they even released it. How sadistic wallow in their own filth! For what audience they're doing it - the poor illiterate Indian masses (Mil 700 at last count), or well-heeled NRI desis stay in Phoren? Either way it does not matter. No group has no idea what makes a good movie, and probably deserves such a god-awful stuff. <br /> <br /> His brief overview, because there is nothing to write, but ordinary garbage bag F-class. Bollywood has to change its name to Follywood. And yes, this review is much better than the film itself.
