I've never understood why some people do not like Bollywood films: they have received charismatic actors, great dance numbers and heightened emotions - what is not to like? What I did not realize that I could only see the upper-crust of Bollywood. Then I watched "garam masala". I could tell from the first stage, it was not a movie that I was going to love (the film begins with the installation of two driving wires through the city and, probably, by happy coincidence occurs in a series of installations photos populated revolving models), but I continued to hope that everything will improve. Unfortunately, they did not. The main problem lies in the fact that the two main characters, Mac and Sam completely unsympathetic. They spend the entire film, lying on the women - and lying brutally- -In order to get them into bed, and viewers should find it funny, and fascinated. Boys unscrupulous and incompetent and not in an attractive way. Mac even goes so far that one of the women under the influence of drugs to keep her from discovering his deception. The script is very poor, with repeated scenes settings that will never lead to anything, and the illogical actions and statements of the characters. In fact, the characters never really developed at all. Males boorish, greedy jerks and women simply interchangeable beautiful. If you go for this movie, you might think that the "flight attendants" rather easily jump from person to person. In fact, the betrayal is not so funny. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot that I found in the movie was a dance number that had brilliant sets and several slapsticky moments involving French-farce, door-slamming aspects of history. But Bollywood dance is better to use in the movie dance Farah Khan, and farce, you can also just go straight to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seems to be a writer / director Priyadarshan much affected. Priyadarshan also takes credit for inventing a false history: the main premise of the story is stolen from the 1960 «Boeing Boeing» games. The original author of this work, Mark Kamoletti, Sun is credited anywhere. At least Priyadarshan has changed its name to this remake, but not blatantly use the original source without giving credit, as he did in his version of the same story, 1985. (According to the list IMDb credits.)
