Based on the average novel writer Stephen King horror of the so-called "Sleepwalkers" ancient and immortal catlike creatures that suck the life from the ninth, that this energy can support them they have supernatural abilities- they can do themselves "dull 'means that they are invisible and can create subliminal mirages to trick people.They was running people for centuries we have said, and there was one on one shot to have only two left.The film begins, a beautiful mother and her son arrive in a sleepy city, they ' vlyayutstsa last of lunatics, and they are worn for virgins to feed. Mother sends her son to go to a local high school, so he can find a virgin, he makes (Mädchen Amick) and continues to try to get her alone so he could suck her dry. It is not clear why the mother can not look for virgins herself- it would make things easier would be to imagine how teenagers are much more inclined to follow the elder beauty in a secluded place, than to follow teenage girl teenage boy. But his plans are thwarted, as the girl fights back, poking a pencil in his ear. The police are called and the hunt is on!. Son ill from injuries, and so the mother goes on a spit murder police left and the right in their hunt for the girl who hit the son and beating some painfully unfunny one liners among gore. Finally she kills the end of the film the mother. This film is rubbish!. Action is variable, from the middle to the excellent Brian Krause Alice Krige. Special effects on the average, as well as demonstrate some early computer effects that are mildly interesting, as it shows how things have progressed in such a short time. Direction is inconsistent and the film falls into the camp in the field. The director seems to believe we should be wary of lunatics or sympathize with them, and in case of doubt, the film allows hysterical. Stephen King makes a slightly amusing cameo as unfortunate gardener, as does Mark Hamill as puzzled cops. Alice Krige seems to shoulder the film, her character given depth, and it gives an idea of ​​what the film would be the best scenario and the best hand.
