So the network Chills on the cable must have a "Vampire month," I'm such a dork, but I love vampires. Thus, after several duds that they have shown, I was very disappointed, but then I noticed Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and check it out, and to my surprise, this film was very bad. Most of the Stephen King film fascinating and some of them are pretty scary. While Sleepwalkers was bad, it was a beautiful view bad. I had a good time laughing at this movie and just taking it for what it was. I've never read a sleepwalker, from what I understand, it's the only real vampire story of the king, so I can not compare the book to film. I do not know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers looked like it was made for television. Special effects were commonplace, and the story was a bit far-fetched, even if it's fantastic, it was a lot of problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary vampires that feed on the life force of virgins. They are much more resilient than humans and have powers like telekinesis and illusion. They have one weakness of the cat, which is not only able to see through their illusions but whose claws are capable of inflicting severe fatal injuries to them. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary settled in the small town of Indiana. Charles attends the local high school, and there he meets Tanya Robertson in his creative class letters. Tanya does not suspect the real reason why Charles wants her so much; take her life force to his mother, who is starving. Firstly, it seems that Charles fell in love with Tanya. On the first day, however, a picnic at the nearby cemetery, Charles attempts to drain the life force from Tanya, kissing her. As it happens, Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson who had earlier tried to pull Charles over for speeding, drives by the cemetery and notices Charles' car. When Tanya runs to him for help, Charles tracks Andy down and kills him. When Charles then turns to restore its vitality, destroying make out session with Tanya, the deputy of the cat, Clovis, he rises to the occasion and nearly kills Charles by scratching him in the face and chest. Mortally wounded Clovis, Charles started back home to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge Thani family. <br /> <br /> So, to sum up this film to the main you have to expect that the overflow cheese. The scene in which Charles attacked Tanya for the first time is very cliché and you almost vote for Charles to win just because Tanya is one of the stupid woman leads in a horror movie. Then you have to love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoots him in the police car, and somehow the whole thing explodes, the explosion and the god of the Hollywood hype. I take this movie for what it is, it's just so good bad that it turns into a black comedy to me that I could just enjoy making fun. I'm not sure if that's what Stephen King would like to see in its history, but it has its typical cameo in the film. Therefore, my suggestion is, if you watch this movie, just take it for what it is, and no more than it seems, is mindless entertainment with corny effects, poor casting, stupid story, and enough cats to make a crazy cat lady with Simpson say, "Wow, that's a lot of cats." <br /> <br /> 4/10
