I have to agree with some other comments and even go a step further. <br /> <br /> Currently, this film did not work, absolutely nothing. Delmar our protagonist decides to become a surrogate mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but on the way to the fall of the wise ex-recidivist. At the same time her friend Hortense tries to get her lawyer boyfriend finally marry her. She also happens to sleep with Marlon, who was desperately in love with her. Then there is the brother of Jethro in Delmar, which is linked to the former drug addict Coke, whose mission reveals that she was sexually abused by his adoptive father. In the fields we also have eccentricmother, having equally odd assortment of friends, one of whom died on the couch in the beginning of the film. So far so good, but after the introduction of these characters and story lines of addressing life, death, sorrow and love in the first half, the film is simply losing direction. <br /> <br /> If a writer is selected only one or two characters, and allowed us to follow their stories, perhaps it would be good, but equal screen time is given to all, with the result that not a story or character is fully developed. For example, why Delmar thinks she can give it to a child in exchange for money, especially if the parents dreaded fanatical lawyer and gender of the alcoholic and depressed wife? Why Hortense was so desperate to marry a man who is a jerk and clearly did not love her? How is Missy manages to hit her coke habit at night? Jethro is regularly drawn to women with overwhelming problems, or Miss exception? My Delmar and Jethro's mother has always been on the side of the cam, or is it a recent development? Jethro Why so keen on the Cadillac that he has one in the middle of your living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for stealing a car, a relatively minor offenses? How Delmar manages eventually giving birth to the baby Moses when there is no hint that they ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are posed in the script, but unfortunately, never answered. I can only assume that they have been heard in the original novel, which is why the writer felt the need to include all of it in the script. Big mistake. The loss of several plot especially Hydrangea and Marlon story that adds nothing to the overall film, things would have been tightened significantly and allow more time to develop the characters Delmar, of Jethro and Moses, who is clearly a more central place in the story and the main topic than anyone else, <br /> <br /> Add to that the most pedestrian directing style can be seen beyond the average soap opera and the result is a huge missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox, who is doing everything possible to rise above the material. I'm not surprised that it seems to have been the last film director as an effort not to show any signs of visual style or the ability to tell a touching and intellectual history.
