This film does not swing as others have said already. I found it really boring and stupid. The history of this metal is a high school kid who idolizes this really bad heavy metal singer. Singer dies, but not before making one last album, which will be played on the radio, of course, at midnight on Halloween (which actually do it November 1, significantly less potent date, to be sure). A child receives a copy of the recording and contains secret hidden reserve game messages. It is also the key that opens the door, so it really bad metal singer could return to bring chaos and death in the world. <br /> <br /> In the first part of the film is not a horror film at all, and after a Special School. We see the metal child (outsider) exhausted again and again the popular kids. And he did not examine the most important lesson in high school movie: Once the cool kids, bully you suddenly invite you to a party, do not go! It's a trap. Especially if it's a party at the pool. Anybody surprised when he ends up in the water ?? It was such a Special after school, I kept waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson, to show and teach a lesson Jodie Foster. <br /> <br /> So, back to that part of a horror movie. So that the metal child receives some authority, and instead use them to kill the bully boy (which would make much more sense), it is worried and tries to protect all children from harm bully. What? Sensitive hero? What's funny is that a horror movie? Thank God, Carrie White did not follow this lesson. In fact, he is trying to prevent with the music that plays in the Halloween dance, the music itself, which can unleash the power to kill all the children who were stingy him. If it were, I would put the music on and Pronto. <br /> <br /> In the rest of the film on this metal child is going around the city, trying to kill the horrible metal star he idolized. Why not cooperate with him and really do some damage. Why do you ask? It seems that he is in love with one of the popular girls, and do not want to be hurt..more for film Ringwald. This is a horror movie or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The film just goes on and on at this point, do not panic, horror, or anything worth watching. If you went to high school in the late '80s, as I did this movie fun to have a little flashback to the fashion and big hair, but it is precisely for this film. Skip it and stay at home and just listen to Kiss.
