Antonioni, making this film, he took on the role of Papa Smurf for just a little long-haired, American, radical student-Smurfs. He took them under his protection guiding European communist wing, showing appreciation and support for their complicated US relations. (These Smurfs red and wearing blue, and not vice versa.) Radical Smurfs were happy to get the guidance of a wise old man with gray hair, who regularly hunts the God of all longhaired Smurfs, Lenin Communist - another wise old man, the beard did Smurfs take it even more seriously 'ozna, as it symbolized something wise, although they do not quite know why they think the beard, to have such a profound effect on them. Castro, other wise, bearded, often benefit from this confusion and radiated magical powers with a beard on his naive foreign fans. (Not to mention of Che Guevara: the beard that has a certain JE-n-by-SAI-Quoi about it makes you want to immediately take Marx and his beautiful, pacifist teachings ??) The film begins with a confusing encounter radically stupid radical students participating in the dialog that truly redefines the word "confused". As confused as a blind dog is made of high drop-storey building into a bottomless pit. Suddenly the film "Hero" (the hero Well, Antonioni) rises up and says something to his miserable peers left and then goes away, in the hope that it is a manifestation of "mega-cool" to improve his James Dean image and greatly increase their chances of being laid out the best "chicks" in the following mass orgy hippies. In the end, he finds himself in trouble with the cops (ie, pigs) at the meeting, and to hold the film under the blue sky of American capitalism, seeking freedom ?? . Or something like that <br /> <br /> predictable attack on capitalism Antonioni, not only intellectually flame, but does not have (or had) nothing new to offer; it's just the same old warlike dimensional cops, businessmen discussing business deals (and what happened to it, not how Antonioni get done?), and endless shots of television advertising and billboards advertising of so morally decadent products disgusting, selfish and greedy right-mobile population that thinks of no one but themselves, their families, their work, and their children. <br /> <br /> Papa Smurf Antonioni, as well as his long -haired Smurfs and Smurfettes since the late 60's, we did not see the most obvious and vital aspect of its wacky motion: they were allowed to have their ridiculous meeting and express their opinion against the establishment freely within the same institution, while the students in those countries whose systems they admired the left, Nia (and still do not). Until now, the biggest irony of the hippies - and Antonioni, of course, not able to understand it, and (his judgment to be clouded by cocaine-snorting, and excessive consumption of LSD) - this is what the hippies (are) trash remnants of capitalism, it's an incredible irony. Only successfully functioning capitalist system you may find that the type called "hippie"; spoiled, ungrateful and selfish bunch of middle and upper middle-class losers. <br /> <br /> The film seems to go on forever. Antonioni takes its sweet time to get on with it, including a very long scene senselessness, with a high coefficient of stupidity. His attempt at symbolism annoying and banal. His statement is very doubtful, at best. This film is the way Antonioni said that violent revolution is the solution. And this is what we get from the old, rich, filthy rich, oily film-maker, who lives in the villas and dine in the finest French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I do not remember any major western movie about Tiananmen Square of thousands of students in China. But if one Western student gets a shot curling face of Che Guevara on all our face, we get ten major films about it immediately. I believe this means that the Chinese life is worth a thousand times smaller than the one in the West ?? at least left-wing hypocrites who get turned into a movie. <br /> <br /> If you are a Marxist neo-hippies and did not like that awful review, please, Klick "NOT" below.
