This film is certainly a product of its time and be seen in any other context, it is incredibly stupid movie. Damn, even seen in the right context, it is very bad !! Mainly, this is due to a silly story and the most indulgent currently focus on the famous Italian director, Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he was trying to combine a very ambitious film in a hippie style with the film's anti-establishment, and only managed to build a bomb gigantic proportions. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rap session with a lot of "him" students sit around saying such platitudes as "people power" and complain to the "man". Since most of these hippie parents send them to College, he seemed a bit silly, these privileged children will complain loudly and shouting revolutionary jargon. A little later, the violence between the students and the "creation of pigs" flashes and police killed. Our "hero", Marc, can or can not do it but he was forced to flee to avoid prosecution. Instead adpravits and in Mexico or Canada, he is doing something that only a complete idiot would do - steal a plane and fly it into the Mojave Desert, where he encounters happen "chicken and then they sit philosophizing within a few hours, they then have sex in one of the!. amazing sex scenes in movie history. they are in coils of dust, suddenly there are other pairs with no where and there is a huge orgy scene. while you see a piece of skin (guarantee of R-rated), this is not so obvious, as it could be. In fact, it lasts so long, and it seems so choreographed that it simply boggles the mind. And, of course, when they finished, the many, many other couples disappear into the air. <br /> <br /> Ironically, a couple of aircraft paint with some help, and it looks very similar to the creation of Peter Max. Despite the improvement in the appearance of the aircraft, the evil police react to his return to the aircraft by shooting a good revolutionary. When she learns that she goes into a semi-conscious state, and the movie ends with her seemingly representing the destruction of its own fascist pig parents and all the evil that they stand for (eg, hard work and responsibility). Instead of one simple explosion, you see the same huge house blows up about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see the TV sets, refrigerators and other things explode in slow motion. While the dumb, it's pretty great to watch. - kind of like when David Letterman blowing things up or breaks things on his show <br /> <br /> In addition to a sluggish plot, the film suffers from a strong need to develop a pleasant characters, as well as extensive editing. At least 15 minutes can be easily removed to speed things up a bit - especially since there is not really all that much plot or dialogue. The bottom line is that it is incredibly silent film, and I was not surprised to see it in the list «The Fifty Worst Films» Harry Medved book. It deserved addition to this pantheon of shit. For such a famous director to spend so much money to make such a craptastic film is a crime! <br /> <br /> The two concluding observations. If you like to laugh at stupid hippie movie, and also try to watch the trial of BILLY JACK. In addition, in the case of art imitating life, lead, Mark Frechette, he played his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 years in prison a few years after being involved in an act of "revolution," in which he and several friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent man. Hippie Dang !!
