Absurd sequel extends trust to a large extent, as a diabolical sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns, this time penetrating into the production of the film of the novel he wrote for the garden drowning, judging the identity of the second unit director, he was killed. <br /> <br /> The film pokes fun of triumph in Hollywood, with a script insincere shooting tyrannical directors who sleep with their actresses (.. looking for a way up the stairs) and does not like anyone questioning their full attention. Brian Krause, which I thought was terrible, replay to the point where satire felt incredibly forced reflects loud, temperamental director, who does not like the fact that his second unit director and writer, Alison (.. plays Dahlia Salem) it seems to take over the production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, who is the brother of the victim from the first film. dark humor of the film at this time taking the idea of ​​a serial killer is actually working as a crew chief and uses it for all it's worth. Nelson again skilfully slips back into his psycho role without any difficulty, with Stanley as smart as always using their brains to steal the film, killing someone he had to keep full control over their work, allowing no one to stand in it is way..that until Alison does not understand who is actually Stanley. Alison type ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject..what motivated Stanley, to kill, why would he do such a thing, and what led a man down this dark path? Alison humor actually works with the same man is also part of the satire in the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, you get the inevitable clash between Alison and Stanley, with a very funny, incredible conclusion about the fate of the murderer (.. pretty hard pill to swallow). Unlike the first film, which was photographed with exquisite polish, director of Po-Chih Leong unnecessary uses methods that are not needed (such as shooting .. all kinds of strange angles, slow-motion in sepia color, and multiple instances of that captured on video) and rather annoying instead of print. This is a continuation, I'm just not on target as many as the original, with a lot of humor less effective and more obvious.
