We need a lesson in pure, abject failure ?? Look no further than the "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom", miserable, dirt poor, with a wave of heat. As we all know, a decent moovies, usually grows horrible, horrible offspring of "Halloween" spawned many, many bad 80s slasher clicks; "Mad Max" has generated a lot of, a lot of bad 80's "futuristic fantasy wasteland" clicks; and "Conan the Barbarian" has spawned a whole bunch of terrible, horrible, incredibly bad 80th sword and magic of cinema. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scraping the bottom of the barrel 80, so that it is really an insult to the barrels. Young shorty named Simon took it from him "good," the kingdom from an evil sorcerer with the help of a lousy carpet, garden gnome, Bimbo topless mermaid and tired, puffy After Svensson. Swanson ( "North Dallas Forty," "Inglourious Basterds», «Delta Force»), a long time b-Moovie muscular, looks barely able to swing your sword aluminum foil. Nevertheless, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, which consist of an evil sorcerer, "Shura", and his army was poorly costumed monsters, giants and dwarfs. At some point, the paper mache bat on a string of attacks, but eaten hidden puppy 1/2 pitifully presented as a kind of dragon. beginning of the film is composed of what can only politely be described as a scene bits scraped from the cutting-room floor udder bad moovies, sewn together in the vain hope of establishing a scene for the film, and over zealously told by some guy who never appears again . Words can not properly convey incredible cheapness of this film; manufacturers probably spent MOORE moolah feeding constantly expanding esophagus Swanson than cheesy FX this film. And we are talking about here Bree, man ...: = 8P director Hector Olivera ( "Barbarian Queen") is this hodgepodge hopelessly confusing, confuddled and cliché way, destroying any possible hint of a clear, linear narrative, hardcore action, the production level is lower Shoes strings, and the plot is a tired cliché after another paraded before our tired eyes. What they actually did a sequel (!!!) makes the eddies in the brain MooCow. James Horner ( "Braveheart," "Titanic», «The Rock») cheese Moosic from the "Battle of the star" was filmed, shouting and feet, and without mercy instills these turkey - beta is a pop-up on his resume, People, you have to see it to believe it. MooCow speaks like cheapo rental, if there is nothing else to see, well, it's Moore pleasure than watching dust bunnies mat. Barely. : = 8P
