What we have here is an absolutely brilliant piece of early 80-ies of incompetence that will make even the greatest connoisseur of trash- movie completely speechless! "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is very cheap and cheesy fantasy / sword and magic-adventure that has no actual story but willingly and shamelessly borrows elements from other films. Nah Writer Ed and Hector Olivera (who?) Was observed enough of this type of films, to know that they need a few basic characters, but probably thought that everything else will follow automatically. In order to make a fantastic adventure you need to: a super evil villain (mainly black cape), a young hero in training, a lone warrior, a polite form of a furry pet, a wise dwarf living in the forest (optional), and whole colorful collection of hideous demons, enslaved dwarf and winged chimeras, to serve as a filler. History phenomenal and so original, with Simon the young son of a master who has run away from his beloved kingdom after an evil wizard Shura takes on power and killed the king. Simon wants to go back and save the man, but because he needed a powerful ring, which he had lost during his flight. Simon befriends a lonely warrior Kor (in fact usually a cool dude Swenson, who clearly needs a check of wages), which helps to Simon during a long and devastating journey full of trials, hazardous encounters and magical showdown. Admittedly, it is not even so bad so far, but that's only because I turned off all magically inept small parts. Simon has a best friend named Gulfax, for example. Gulfax albino version of Chewbacca and cause incontrollable laughter, when he opens his poodle-face barking something incomprehensible. Obstacles while traveling back home to have fun attitude to the "story" and just serve as padding frames to hide the lack of actual content. Simon nightmarish visions inside the tent suspicious wood nymphs, Kor settles old scores with the pig face Nemesis, whose sister, he refused to marry and there is supposedly awful "cave suicide", where you can only sing their way with. But the vast majority is not the same brilliant sequence ?? not only alone, but also in the history of cinema, this movie ?? It includes the resurrection of the four zombie soldiers. Simon awakes legendary brave warriors, hoping that they will help them in their fight, but the rotten corpses of a few steps, they complain of fatigue and back in their graves. Whew! So much for the zombie south of the plot! The best sequence ever! I could go on listing unintentionally funny little details are still a few points, but you get the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is extremely messed up the film "is so bad-is-good" word of advice.. Do not watch this joyful piece of junk alone Invite, mainly dope-headed type with a wicked sense of humor, and watch it in group. It will be a night to remember ??
