From the beginning, you know, it's a movie, Sam Sherman more than a film of Al Adamson, because as loans roll, "and Sam Sherman Production» is in the letters, as big as a credit title. Not only that, Mr. Sherman, co-author of the script and it was his idea to use Bob Livingston and unnecessary, 69-year-old Western Star Old Hollywood era, to be his male role in the film that Sherman thought to capitalize on the recent success of «Swinging Stewardesses" . <br /> <br /> Now, why would you want to have a wrinkled old man like your actor that is supposed to be a function of the soft operation of the kernel? It can not be explained, but Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with old Hollywood painted many of his films for the Independent International Pictures, and he and Al Adamson often tried to get already-been actors for his films (for example, J. Carrol Naish, Tamblyn, Lon Chaney, Jr. et al.), But Bob Livingston? Tell me drive in the demographic knew who it was, "40-another valuer was; this is ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But, again, "Naughty Stewardesses" picture was successful for them, so we can not simply write off this fiasco Sherman. However, for any aesthetic standards, it is an incoherent mess. Al Adamson would like this picture, and it's easy to see why. Firstly, it does not have a genre focus on everyone and drifts around with super soft rod (tits and ass / simulated sex only) in the abduction thriller (Steckler shades in "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo!") During the period, we get exposed It hurts sad sequence stewardesses traipsing around Vegas to banal music Sparrow, and Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffman at a photo shoot in San Francisco. worst of all, we get Bob Livingston as a copycat Jack Lalanne in blue overalls trying to be sexy ... in my throat! ( Fortunately, his big sex scene with Mr. Konen ofmanu been removed, but you can catch him slurping on her chest on DVD in a special section of interest. Awful.) <br /> <br /> This is a terrible, terrible movie, but I'll give it three stars pictures Harry Graver and compassion for Kohnen Hoffmann to do it with "wrinkles" Livingston. "Naughty Stewardesses" for Al Adamson Completists and / or operation of the scientists of the film as a comment Sam Sherman offers vital inside information. All the rest, BEWARE.
