This dilemma (above) that Debbie must be paid at the end of production of Sam Sherman Naughty stewardess. Debbie just hit the city, become a flight attendant, slept with an older wealthy man (which she describes in his 50s, but obviously hit mark a decade or two ago), removes the nude scenes for the photographer, she had just met, and then it a central element of the abduction / extortion portion. Despite all this, and amidst all that emotional distress and self-examination that in the name of God is Debbie doing? Well, I can not give all of it, but do not expect any real insight here. Let's face it. Naughty Stewardesses is just what he wants to be (at least two-thirds through): soft core porn movie with a lot of half-naked women, and ridiculous in this kitchy 70-way film. There is no great art here. The film was designed to make money and use a growing trend at the time to put nymphomaniacal flight attendants in the film, the audience can live vicariously their voyeuristic tastes. By today's standards, the film is pretty tame. What this movie really does wrong is to try to be kind of a statement at the end of the movie. Come on, anybody here thinking that a little accusatory Debbie while on the beach, contemplating life. She will spend more time choosing a halter top she is wearing the same day, then do it. And that ridiculous plot to steal 50 thousand? It does not make sense to me, because on the ground, and these characters are "digging" it? Any purchase Cal as a member of the PLO (something like this), or even as a director for hardcore pornography? He will be lucky to get a job in the Seven Eleven! This, as noted by another reviewer, a piece of Sam Sherman then Al Adamson pieces. You can tell when Al is in full charge. There's virtually no budget, and the film does not look nearly as polished as it is. Adamson does a decent job directing this time, and I have to give credit Sherman degree. Although this film is bad only for the fact that it had to be, he has a certain style to it. I liked the opening credits animation and photos. I even loved the music of the Sparrow. "Silver Heels» was somewhat catchy tune. The film does not look cheap at all in fact. Compare this with any of Eli horror films. As for the actors, yes, Bob Livingston too old for the lead, but a study included in its nature and it is clear that the flow of young women are attracted to a man with money were investigated as well. I had serious problems with Robert Smedley, who was simply awful in his role. The girls all got great sets, so that more is required of them, huh? Naughty Stewardesses relatively harmless exploitation film from the '70s, and will serve as a living time capsule for certain aspects of life in this decade. By the way, I have already said, this is a very bad picture?
