It seems that the people behind the Envy realized that recent comedies - especially those with Ben Stiller and Jack Black lesser extent - the situation was a parody, which declined steadily in the originality and even laughing. I found the obvious absurdity Zoolander quite cheerful when he was released, Starsky and Hutch was also pleasant, and then the bouncers kept the laughter will be for many people, although I was a bit tired of the over-the-top characters - especially if the script was not quite so funny (perhaps a comedy Dodgeball tournament is not entirely transferred to Australia, where he rarely played). Thus, in trying to do something a little more original Envy moves from the absurd script and instead revolve around the absurd character creation Jack Black (I will not spoil it, it's for those who want to watch a movie). The problem is that the film seems to drag out, I'm not a big enough fan of the movie, to be able to think of examples, but it seems like it is set up has been done a thousand times before - and rarely successful. So instead of good, crisp, fresh and pleasant comedy, you get a movie that seems to just go through the motions. Of course the movement can be very funny, and they focus on the idea that resourceful enough to provide a few laughs - especially Jack Black plays the nervous and fun, though a bit 2D, the creator. Ben Stiller on the other hand, seems a little lost, he was asked to play a more important role than the comical characters of his films Zoolander breed, but he struggled as a family man, whether his fault or scripts are missing depth to a character, and the result is a film by Ben Stiller makes the typical manner and generally becomes tedious. The play does not leave a mark on the audience (he just Ben Stiller, Jack Black was able to effectively reflect the nature - although not complicated). Last annoying element of the film role Christopher Walken as «The J Man», which is also typical and two dimensional as the characters come and he naturally becomes uniform and care very quickly. <br /> <br /> It's really not as unbearable as some people would have you think it's watchable, especially if you're in the right mood (feeling it would be foolish good prerequisite for watching this movie). Hire it to movie night with friends and watch it after you watched a scary movie and feel like something light - I hope you'll be more drunk then too. In this case, I can imagine that it would be very nice, but in general it gives too few laughs to carry themselves and most of the time just playing.
