I admit that I loved a lot of the so-called "brotherhood" film package. No matter how bad they are, I can not find something to like about Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn and Will Ferrell and Jack Black. But the "Envy" just left me about as cold as a white horse, Ben manages. This time, it's Ben and Jack Black as a pair of nut neighbors, one of whom (black) shows an aerosol to the animal feed disappears and becomes incredibly rich, and the other (Stiller) writhe in envy. This, they say, the plot, but then he deviates from the other areas, which actually does not make much sense. <br /> <br /> I think that «Vapoorize» is a kind of fun first. The problem is that they are trying to maintain a gag for the entire picture (Black has a license plate that reads "Chacha King"), and it becomes quite tedious. Even Ben and Jack are used poorly; energy level for their performances seem much dialed down. The two best performances far Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. neo-hippie dippie guy Walken is so unusual and so well modulated performance that he never really involve any of the other familiar characters in psycho Walken. This is a completely unique, but comes across as unmistakably Walken. Weiss about the best actress in the business, that nobody knows. Even with a limited amount of screen time, it still dominates every scene she is in. <br /> <br /> In general, the essence of the so-called drama that Ben, in jealous drunken rage, accidentally shoots a prize stallion Jack White, and then goes to ridiculous lengths to hide it, for fear of his best friend finds and cut him dead. But the turn entirely plausible story, because there is nothing about the character of Jack, to show that he would do such a thing. He plays a sweet guy, he has all the agonizing horse Pagon negligible. You discount it completely. It's all filler. And what is the point of control carousel, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know that he had seen "Strangers on a Train"? Scenario hurt badly and operation of the two wires poorly aimed. Someone with a reputation Levinson should know better. Maybe someone think of something to make the film disappears. Oh wait, they already have.
