Jack Frost, do not have children, this is not a warm-hearted family film about the pope, who returned from the dead in the form of a snowman. It's about a sadistic killer named Jack Frost, which is sprayed with some sort of acidic liquid and transformed into a killer snowman. I happened to catch a copy of this film, so I might have been nice to sit and laugh at him. The killer snowman? Huh, it sounds like a perfect comedy / horror film! Well, I was wrong, very wrong. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost of the killer, which is transported via truck to the prison so that he can roast in a chair at midnight. But this snowy night, and faced with the Government of the tanker which transports the new DNA liquid. Jack escapes only be burned and converted into acid snowman killer. He returns to the small town Snowmonton, where he was caught by a small time sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now more than a snowman with a cool authority. It can be condensed into water, ice shoot of cycles in a spear, and killers growing canines. The only question that can stop Frost? This film is below typical line B-Movie. The film begins cheesy, but as soon as Jack acid burned, she quickly falls below the line of cheese and exhausted. Actions for one appalling! Here we have an entire cast of unprecedented actors who either can not act, can act, but are nonsensical in nature, or just here for a few extra dollars. The only good actor Scott McDonald, who plays Jack. He looks like a young Richard Kiel in conjunction with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, its appearance is only reduced to three minutes, and all we ever to him is his new form of Bigfoot and his wise cracking voice. Plus its severity is not funny. Moans, stupid and bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is terrible! there were many murderers throughout history. Killer in hockey mask killer with Razer glove chainsaw possess moron, fast St. Bernard, but now we have to bend to the sticky killer snowman? Oh, come on up! And the way the characters are awful introduced. On the one hand, I really wanted Jack to kill the sheriff's son, I mean, giving his dad oat antifreeze in them, so they do not freeze to death? All the characters are silly and pointless, and death are the cartoon. One woman in the compression of the Christmas lights and has its head broke into the box and decorations hunchbacked girl to death in the shower (where to eat carrots in this scene is not it?). <br /> <br /> And on top of that awful movie special effects. The first big special effect we have DNA Jack mix in the snow and the boys it's terrible. I mean it looks like a 60-fashion art design, PU! Jack looks fake as well. He looks like a man, covered with rubber snowman skin. All the blood and the blood of the cheese and the film never takes off with greatness, but instead leans to a low level. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher films ever. I thought it would be a rebellion, but no! He's not trying to be funny, and it's actually trying to be scary. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, which at least made me laugh from him terrified. Do not even bother with this garbage piece. Jack Frost = D +
