I have not seen "Henry Fool", but after watching «Fay Grim» I'm not sure I want to. Maybe Hartley aims to be an "anti-thriller" director --- he was sure that it was possible with this tank. On the basis of the official description --- a woman finds out that her late husband manuscript contains materials that may pose a threat to national security --- I was expecting a tight geopolitical drama. Instead, I got an unstable structure, dull dialogue, sagging characterization, intricate plot, and "tone", which shifts so often it is said that Hartley has changed the scenario of his mood at any given time. I can hang for a long time with care, difficult to reach the site of observation (eg, "duplicity"), because I believe that the free ends eventually converge. Even if they do not, or what they do, but they are left still have questions (eg, "duplicity"), sharp letters and actions can occupy their interest. But halfway through the «Fay Grim» I reached the implementation of the death --- I do not know what's going on, and I do not care. Too bad, because I really like Parker Posey, reduced here to work with the absurd part of which asked her to transform from the indifferent, the ex-wife and indifferent, ignorant ill mother, a shrewd international "player" capable of psychological Mano Manen with terrorists. There's also a bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he was not able to overcome miscasting as a CIA operative. It looks almost as uncomfortable as I was watching him in this. His sidekick CIA worse; he looked like a refugee from the quarter-finals «American Idol» (there really is a young CIA agent with big lick hair famously throw their head?). Then there's the sticky question of the age of heroes. Goldblum was 54 when he made «Fay Grim»; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Fool", there was 44. It was not made to look or seem older than their actual age. However, the key point in the story is that they served as a CIA agent in Nicaragua "in the 70's" Character Goldblum would have been in his 20s, then.; Henry Fool would have been a teenager. Hartley was to be "quirky" or lazy? The problem is too many to list ...
