I say: "I like to understand" in this line, because, frankly, I've never seen the movie Hal Hartley still It does not mean that I have not heard about it, though, as he is considered as one of the smallest. filmmakers NY (when I say small, I mean, even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), which is made of ultra-personal projects on a limited budget. in irony, as well as with Salo Pasolini, albeit in a slightly different context, of Fay Grim I'm interested to see some of the more notable features Hartley, because it seems to be, at least, to introduce a e similarity talent behind him, as if Hartley * can * be a very good director who can be so good that it just took a large amount of experimental error. Or, on the other hand, it may just be someone too hit his idiosyncrasies and potential Godard-like cinematic impact. <br /> <br /> I can not explain a story that can not or should not be a problem, I believe, however, that this is not really due to not see the movie, which was preceded by fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think even if I had this experience, I would not make too much difference on the basis of the final results. There's a lot of international espionage, double story wrapped inside another, which fell through the fake pocket the title character, played in the alienated way Parker Posey (not sure if this is good or bad, or maybe), and with the participation of CIA officer ( Jeff Goldblum, as usual a solid presence on the background of the mania, even conjuring some laughter), not to mention the photos of the box orgy difficulties and author Henry Fool. This does not mean that the scenario is completely impenetrable as he goes into more advanced slot only for his sake, because there are some risks witty or touching strange dialogue. <br /> <br /> Simply put, direction just sucks. Harltey in love with a third person, which is good, but it imposes a series of headaches induces style is tilted at an angle of the symbols in order to get into the frame of the same strange. Not as Battlefield Earth, in fact, the director of the rip so annoyingly in an attempt to make unnecessary choices titled angles for some bizarre dramatic effect, but this time Hartley Sun among the cluster's ***, he is mainly responsible for it. This, coupled with the insane wannabe Godard name cards, which are here and there, some a little funny, and some are just downright silly, and all segments of photomontage in still shots and a couple of moments related actions that almost cause in memory of Ed wood, to blow any of the potential that in the scenario that is already quite difficult to decipher. In a sense, it's interesting to see how bad it all is, but a kind of hobby, which comes to the opposite side to the total amount of creative control over the sort of small-scale stories. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: you probably will not encounter any more pathetic pretentious example of American independent filmmaking this year.
