1975 Master of the Flying GUILLOTINE strange and wonderful film to watch. This is not because the struggle is particularly inspired or because the film has no meaning. This is because the film is so stupid and so over-the-top, it's camp classic - it is bad, but it's nice bad. The film stars the blind young man who has a Frisbee similar devices on the circuit, which cuts off the heads of people as he skillfully throw it at your enemies! Who cares about that physics is not possible or that the film shows such stupid things, as fighters with 12-foot papier-mache weapons or that the guy was blind! It's just a ball to watch from beginning to end - and one of my favorite "bad" movies and great to see one <br /> <br /> Because of this movie, I was ready to see the Fatal Flying Guillotine. (1977), although, unfortunately, turned out to not be a sequel, but a bit of a knock-off - taking many of the ideas of the original, but neglecting to make a film or coherent watchable. Of course, it's silly fun, but it never approaches the MASTER flying GUILLOTINE in entertainment value. As in the original film, there are some strange flying machines that separate the head, but they are quite different - with circular saws and almost his mind. There is also not blind guy, but instead of a bunch of criminals who do not really have the depth and the audience understand exactly what is happening in this angliyskome-duplicate version, since the story is unclear. However, at the same time, some of the fighting art very well. While not up to the high standards of most of the films of Bruce Lee and Sonny Chiba, the action makes sense, despite the ridiculous and often confusing plot. <br /> <br /> In general, a film that fans of martial arts may like (despite his many, many, many, many flaws), but also the one that others are likely to exclude or laugh hysterically instead to enjoy the action, because the film is just so ridiculous. But, most importantly, he never comes close to being as funny and watchable MASTER flying GUILLOTINE. Too bad.
