This film should be shown the film school as an example of what NOT to do. Original pushed some big tires squealed example, this terrible accident gives away a fundamental Bruckheimer films, namely: we all know that they suck, but they have a lot of action. This film has no action. This movie is boring. Where is the car? Where is chasing? Where the stress? Where the unknown? Where's the rush? Where !! ?? It's actually not a movie at all, it is a bad advertisement. 50 cars in 24 hours? This is wrong. They have 3 days to steal them, classified incorrectly. How bad is it? Leads are strict, wooden and forced. The villain, the police, the other ... who cares. They utter their nonsense line, they are illogical plot. They work hard through it the best they can, says the director of the music video "Do not worry, we'll be doing a lot of fast cuts, and no one will notice how bad a movie" or "we'll fix it with a lot of loud music" "script" is not really a script at all, it's more like a list of cliches ending with, which is a total rip-off of: ------- Warning - possible spoiler 5 ------ ------ 4 - ---- ----- ----- 2 March 1 ------ Fugitive. The greatest crime of all is the underutilization of Vinnie Jones, the man .... it's cooler, coolest MoFo as Jules in Pulp Fiction. What do they do? They make it silent, it is unlikely that in the movie! Vinnie make the main villain, and it could save the film. How could they be so stupid? How? How? Why? The original film is very interesting with cool trick at the end which receives the driver away. The original has a great 40-minute chase that provides! Go find the original. Or, if you crave a real car chase action to rent Ronin. The chase in Ronin raised the bar will now judge all other car chases. Bruckheimer and Cage had all the money, all the resources, all that experience, and they can not even come close to comparing the film made 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can this be? You feel like you've been ripped off after watching this movie. Where I was once happy to see Coyote Ugly, Remember the Titans, and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God help us all. <br /> <br />
