If the creators of Atlantis were to say something in the movie, his subject was (literally) to stifle a focus on "special effects" over the characterization. Almost as if in an attempt to "keep up" with the rest of the summer blockbuster, Disney has ruined the nature of the initiative, a movie-with-message approach in favor of Star Wars «poslematchevyhem-up" with stereotyped heroes and villains. <br /> <br /> art cartoon and manufacturers believe that they can rely on computer-generated images (CGI) flying fish, ships and submarines to fill the gap. They are wrong, and the days of beautiful, handmade animations quickly flies out the window in favor of the conveyor CGI. <br /> <br /> This film is a spectacle without heart. Sometimes the film comes close to the good, it is worth the film, but woefully misses so many times run over to talk about something important, and instead choose to go with the glitter. <br /> <br /> Another problem with film Shagan. It starts mixing, and then begins to rocket along with the changing history of editing style, entirely appreciated. A spectator ran out the door, along with Milo Thatch (voiced by well Michael J. Fox) and still think «Gee should be a lot of things that will happen as soon as we get to Atlantis." Unfortunately, not much happens. Atlantis secret remains a mystery and the narrator does not know how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to commit to where Atlantis, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? There are in the Mediterranean Sea? Who knows? Nothing is hypothesized, even from a purely fantasy-based point of view. The audience will leave the theater asking yourself, "Now what was that all about? What's the point of the film? Why could not survive the atlas to remember how to read when many of them survived the disaster at the" real "day? And why Atlantis to sink?" and then immediately begin to forget what they saw. There was nothing left to think about a mill for ... except for the loss of money in their wallets. <br /> <br /> characters and their motivations are equally incomprehensible . With eccentric zillionaire, who founded the expedition, it would seem, the more money there for all n Anetsi in 1914 to (spoiler) the collective consciousness, which is part of the Kid and voluntarily desert his people!?! The crew is a collection of quaint, 2-dimensional people anachronistic (for 1914) RS race and gender. Wear houses expert tells how he came straight from the Warner Brothers Bugs Bath Most short coarse jokes one-liners, which are largely skipped an audience for two reasons:. they are delivered at lightning speed and stimulation usually muttered. As these supporting players make moral turn around towards the end of the film, it is difficult to believe <br /> <br /> While we applaud Disney for trying to create animated films for adults. - and this is the first Disney does not have a cute, say that animal or object - is not able to make the transition. Younger children will be frightened by some of the scenes, and left in the dark on a lot of subtitles (if the characters speak Atlanta). During the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people are killed without a second thought. Disney obviously thinks that if you do not know who these people are, why should you care? Again, the film has no sense on any level. <br /> <br /> mule and Tarzan was the last animated films produced by Disney, which was made very well. Unfortunately, Atlantis brings us back to the failed attempts in the past, such as the Black Katla and The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney must return to its roots. Continuation of Peter Pan is coming out soon, but one never knows what the results will be long until you see it for yourself. And now that Disney has found fantastic one hopes that they will understand that this genre has to be more than a spectacle to him. We also hope to be, "Treasure Planet", an adaptation of the science fiction of Robert L. Stevenson's "Treasure Island", will have more heart than bottomless "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
