I thought, "What's New Scooby-Doo" was very bad (yes, I am sorry to say that I do not like), as Hanna-Barbera did not make it and took a decisive step away from the old series. When I heard «Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue» was in the works, I thought it might be better. But when I saw the picture as Scooby and Shaggy were going to come, I knew that this show would be bad, if not worse. I watched a few episodes, and believe me, it's just another «Teen Titans» or «Loonatics Unleashed» -wannabe. No more Scooby and Shaggy go against masked men cool, terrible monsters who rob banks. Now they're going after a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have become more daring, too. Moreover, since the Shaggy is not going to be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (which is actually a vegetarian), the original voice of Shaggy, will NOT voicing Shaggy. It will only be the voice of Shaggy, if he does not eat meat, and it was just a silly enterprise to make the changes to update the franchise, as if the Internet joke was not enough. So Scott Manville (who previously voiced by Red Herring to "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo") voice Shaggy here. Believe me, the voice is very bad! This makes Shaggy sound like a creaky 10-year-old, and I have to accept the voice definitely fits his new ugly sight. However, Kasem does voice Shaggy Uncle Albert, who is a kind of a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not look good. It looks like it was designed to look like a CGI Scooby-Doo from the live-action films. In addition, the voice of Frank Welker Scooby is (should be I mention the dog's brain again?) Is still not improved. Robbie, a robotic butler, almost worse than Scrappy-Doo! He's trying to be funny and make "funny" experience and gives safety tips ( "Remember kids, do not stand under a tree during a thunderstorm!"), But it just does not fit in the cartoon Scooby-Doo. Again, sound effects, Hanna-Barbera rarely used here. However, in one episode, «Lightning Strikes Twice», they use the "Castle Thunder" thunder during his nearly wide! (Although they still use the newly recorded thunder sound effects too.) Scooby-Doo not use the "Castle Thunder" sound effects since 1991. But my question is, why use "Castle Thunder" to "Shaggy and Scooby- do Get Clue", and DO nOT use it for direct to video movie or even a "What's new Scooby-Doo!" (Two WNSD episode used it, and it was not enough, unfortunately.) If WNSD and DTV movies used it, they could be better than this crappy cartoon. The next day the show premiered, I watched the first episode, and it was so bad, I turned it off after five minutes! To escape from this poor show, I rented "Scooby-Doo Pirates Ahoy!» Released around the same time. And you know what? The film "Pirates Ahoy" was actually better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" (and even better than the "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it seems that the new designs that the characters have not become a franchise. Direct to video movies come out while the show is made to use a conventional design of the characters, fortunately. But whether you loved or hated "What's New Scooby-Doo," I do not recommend. But if you hate the old series, you will love it! (Oh, God, I hope that the old Scooby-Doo cartoon to be better than the new $ # *%!) In any case, as WNSD, really bad addition to the canon of Scooby.
