Scooby-Doo is undoubtedly one of the most simple, successful and beloved cartoon characters in the world. So, what happens when you've been everywhere and do everything with the formula? You can turn it right? Wrong. You stop the production and let it rest for ten years or so, and then start it again, keeping intact the core of success. It means to follow the formula for the most part, but add a special flavor to it. It somehow I "What's New Scooby Doo" work, they want to return to the classic formula of Scooby Doo, which was only successfully emerged ten years ago in the "PNP Named Scooby-Doo," but for the most part will not be heard with the original "Scooby Doo: Where you? »<br /> <br /> The first character (for me) is the inclusion of poor placement of additional signs. there may be a few pleasant memories of previous iterations, but in general, if you think, "Scooby-Doo" you do not think about the cinema-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Even worse, the exclusion of other core members of the «Mystery Inc» usually refers to a group of production people who do not understand from the point of view of children on how the show works. The basic premise has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed and come together through their own faces, stereotypical qualities are obtained to overcome the challenges posed by the arm. <br /> <br /> The next item is only my theorizing so skip it if you want, I hope I can explain why I think that messing with the basic elements of the show hurt my interpretation of what a band is and how they contribute as a whole; Fred is a driver, I think that in general it is a goal to give the direction of Fred groups, organizations and subtasks. Fred was a carefree teenager, he is your boss, your teacher, your father, your figure of authority. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven tasks (the task is always a solution for Fred). In many ways, Fred is the opposite of Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, the guy who only a little more afraid of things than you, it allows you to be bold, to be on the back side of the package. Shaggy is emotions and often show emotional extremes of delight to fear. Velma is rational thought, it uses logic, but, as we have seen again and again on the show it takes the keys, most of which are collected in pieces to other participants of the show. Left on her own to Velma solve the puzzle? The group is often in situations where the truth is not apparent, and only through chance meetings, they seek the information necessary to perform its task, the chance presented Daphne. At some point (I think this is the first series of Scooby Doo), she was known as the "danger-prone." Daphne authors used to link unrelated events together by accident. She is often the one who finds a secret door, collecting items or any other details that may help the gang link hint together. Finally Scooby he is us, the party. He is always in the middle, all capable of things the rest of the gang are capable of, but disabled, because he is not a man, and just as we the viewer is not able to really participate. Scooby Doo running because all of these elements are embodied solve the problem immediately identify and entertainment. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm over-thinking things, but in my life I saw a lot of Scooby-D (as a 30 year-old self-proclaimed nerd, is a kind of rolls with the territory). For me, there is magic with the classic "Scooby-Doo" formula that must never be confused with the <br /> <br /> As many have noticed. Scooby Doo is not a great work of art and is not an absolutely banal, it falls into the category of programs that can be watched by young eyes with heart bowl of breakfast cereal. Messing about with ease cheese turns it into something else, something less.
