Darcy and her daughter Pamela sent to a country where her mother's boyfriend, Peter left the position of his doctor in the city to become a writer and to fix a bed and breakfast inn. Although this hotel has a terrible past and Pamela know of a girl who lives in the city that once deformed witch lives in the house. They called it the "Tooth Fairy", as it will kill the child after receiving their last baby tooth. This work in the yard, woke up in the "Tooth Fairy". Now she has the looks to Pamela and her last baby tooth, but if any gets in the way they face the same fate that awaits Pamela. <br /> <br /> In this Flick old myth of the "Tooth Fairy" doesn "t painted her in a very generous way that you could believe it when you were a child. Do not they just love happy childhood memories turn into a nightmare! Another who did fall in the same category was «Darkness Falls (2003)." I can not compare how similar they are in the premises, because I have not seen the last, but I basically they read basically the same idea. For a bit of straight-to-DVD movie, it is DTV effort looks good and has some perspective views of surrounding meaningless and is traditionally based on the book printing device. Low expectations are needed, since I had not been to class it as a success, but I found it to be a little interesting. <br /> <br /> Cory Strode and history Cookie Rae Brown or background of the "Tooth Fairy" character completely naked with her leaning more toward the vehicle shredder, than anything really supernatural. Silly is a good way to describe what is happening in this scenic bad stories, but never really feels like a fairy-tale horror. Dialogues may seem rather unnecessary and morally poisoned. While a sub-par acting with soothing symbols that they need to work out, but the director Chuck Bowman offer some inventive spray of blood and very unpleasant shocks. This kind of adds to the lack of suspense, zero scares and the general tone. His direction is sufficiently serious and visually in a position where it receives some atmospheric lighting contrast well with the smooth picture. Promising opening scene crawling effective. Its stimulation may slow in parts and there are odd and do not need to put in time-lapse scene, but nevertheless it never gets too heavy with something active while, which made sure that was not boring. <br /> <br /> makeup special effects, provided that the goods, as there is quite a nasty mush and appearance of the tooth fairy is particularly sticky. Figure Tooth Fairy may look menacing in their black clothes, vibrant makeup and quick movements. Being on site helps to cut a more natural look and can get rich in the sense of atmospheric eeriness. Children actors can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Munoz was decent in his part. Locklin Monroe and Chandra West some hard, but it can be a little too causal in their speeches, both Peter and Darcey. Radiantly gorgeous Carrie Anne Fleming, one of his tenants. PJ Soles shows a small part as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them about the evil that lurks in the hotel. <br /> <br /> I thought it was okay time-waster that there is such a thing, the sound that just does not quite fleshed out and execute a fairly textbook stuff. Watchable nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgettable.
