Tooth Fairy is located in a small town somewhere in northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Monroe) brought the farm property which it repairs and plans to turn into a holiday yard, he joined his friend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) and her young 12-year-old daughter Pamela (Nicole Munoz) who come to help at the weekend. Investigating the properties of Pamela meets another young girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard), who warns her that evil lurks in her new home, she tells the story of the evil old witch, known as the Tooth Fairy, who takes the baby teeth from children and then kill them, Pamela is worried and is even more when it falls on a bicycle and her last baby tooth falls out, it's not long before the evil ghost tooth fairy has an eye on the tooth Pamela and she also decides just for kicks to kill everyone she comes across ... <br /> <br /> The director Chuck Bowman I thought that the Tooth Fairy was just another poor video directly to low-budget horror film, which does not distinguish itself from the countless others who litter video store shelves and fill the late night schedule obscure cable TV, mostly not very good. Scenario producer Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode and Cookie Rae Brown full nap festival for the first 40-odd minutes, nothing of great interest not occur during this period at all and basically boring exposition, as if the material is going to someone surprise. It introduces the character sets Tooth Fairy legend up and that's it. The second half of the film is improved a bit, but even then it's hardly exciting stuff, there are a few decent set of the gore scenes, but other than that it's all very predictable and forget things. Character is not great, and most of these have purely be destroyed, history is a contradiction, as the story of the tooth fairy himself, she says that she kills a child after they give her baby teeth, so why did she go to the indiscriminate killing spree, which has nothing to do with your teeth? What happened to her after the prologue, set for 1949? Why did she come back as a ghost? While the specter of what it seems to be very man to open the door yourself & use weapons to kill people, there is no attempt to make any use of supernatural elements, except for the ghostly children who played for maximum feel. <br /> <br /> Director Bowman does well, it is well done and has a couple of half decent scenes, but nothing to get excited about it. There's nothing that I would describe as scary or weather here and ignore the comparisons between this and Darkness Falls (2003), in addition to the teeth they are completely different things. Blood in order, someone pushed in wood chip machines, there beheading someone their penis chopped off and the best scene, when someone nailed to the door and then has broken his stomach open with an ax and a slide with their guts. <br /> <br /> with an estimated budget of about $ 1500000 Tooth Fairy is usually well done, but there was nothing special about the exhibition here. Actions There is nothing great, but it's not so bad and I did not find unusual child actors, which is annoying, because that's what I think. <br /> <br /> Tooth Fairy is common just below the average low-budget straight to video contemporary horror fare, which seems to be everywhere these days, when you can find a cheap copy, it may take 90 odd minutes, if you do not too demanding otherwise it is pretty poor and forgotten things.
