I should have known when I looked at the box in the video store and saw Lisa Ray - to me, she is a woman Ernie Hudson AKA «Le Kiss of Death" for * any * movie. Its almost * guaranteed * movie will be bad (eg, Congo) when the Hudson in it (except for the movie Ghostbusters, which have been deliberately mannerism and bad). Despite his instincts, and the fact that I've only seen civil Mark, another cinematic "Tour de force" starring Lisa Ray, I still take it off. In the end, I ignored my «Hudson instinct" on a cart and eventually look very quality of the series, so I decided to give this movie a chance. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad films, this is a definite must see! This should be the most unintentionally funny movies I've seen in take too much time. The plot is pretty simple: (Monica Calhoun) Racheal sister is killed by a group of robbers and, like a lot of things before this gunman, she straps on her gun the last time and vows to avenge his sister (led by Bobby Brown!) Death. To do this, it collects the titular gang of roses (supposedly based on a true story about a female band), and they go out and take revenge and, along the way, there are some plot or something or another about some gold, which would be buried in the city. The one good thing I will say about this movie is that from what I could tell, the stars did their own riding, and they looked great galloping. <br /> <br /> funny (albiet unintentionally hilarious) scene? Look, when they enter the character Stacey Dash or when Calhoun character abandons his vow entirely hitch tools (replete with clenched fists to call up to heaven) or the character Lil »Kim joke with Lisa Ray's character or character Stacey Dash being killed or Lil" character Kim convincing character Lisa Rice to join a gang or chicken or Asian character Mace Gray talking bout "the debt will be repaid," etc. except Racheal Calhoun and Bobby Brown's left eye, I can not even remember the names of other characters because I laughed so hard when they were introduced. <br /> <br /> If the director went on to parody and broad comedy that would be a great movie. Unfortunately, he's trying to take it seriously, it would seem, is not taking the exposure, sound registration (in his defense, Hip-Hop, is notoriously difficult to work part time), set design, script writing, any period of historical research (it was me, whether these are the cleanest people with whiter teeth in the old west?) sur ' ozna. Normally, when I see the film, which is not so good, I ask myself, "Could you have done better?" This is the first time in a long time, when the answer is unequivocal "YES!"
