Why would someone want to see it?! If this were a movie is on YouTube a teenager, I would applaud this teenager is so much to his mom's video camera. I would also like to congratulate his family and a friend for a good acting job. Unfortunately, it was done very experienced cinematographer, and they were, apparently by professional actors - to make it very, very sad movie. Very sad ... and pathetic, actually. As I said, it has definitely made directly watch videos about it. It also has a story and acting that just scream «unprofessionals» - how can this be? The film is filled with a large number of corpses and blood. Typically, this will turn me completely as I hate an ultra rigid films and do not like to see all that blood. However, given that none of them is not realistic, it's bearable. However, I must warn you that there are some scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, the scene with the child throws radio Women bath and watch her naked and hot pretty bad. There is also a scene where you can hear the opinion of the loonies, they fantasize about killing women. With the level of misogyny, which is pretty awful. the people who wrote it pretty sick. - as the killing of women is meant to be for our entertainment <br /> <br /> After a bunch of senseless murders, the film goes to the dining table - around which are a bunch of goof-balls, wearing black hoods without eye holes! They speak with pride about all the murders they have committed and singing. It's all very funny, although I'm not sure that this goal scenes. <br /> <br /> Then, the film tells the story of various sexual crimes and murder, and even cannibalism and vampirism. Why, I do not know - maybe because they are human beings made it escaped from this kind of crap. And, again, what you see and hear the thoughts and actions of the terrible German type of man as he tracks down the man and kills them. <br /> <br /> By the way, given that the film used what I assume is the professional actors, I wondered why so many people were chosen, who were clearly the Germans. While they were trying to act like the Americans, and the film was supposed to be in California, strong accents. Perhaps German viewers watched it and wondered how "realistic" the action was, but every American, it is obvious that these people are not their fellow Americans! Given that there really was Zodiac (which was never captured), I wonder why anyone would want to do "film fan" of sorts for the danger of the patient? I mean ... this film is intended as a snuff film for Pervs? I just can not see who else wants to see it like that. In fact, I wonder what would motivate anyone to do such a stupid and offensive film? Useless and deserves to be in the list of 100 IMDB Bottom in.
