Well, as Goethe once said that there really is no point in trying to pass a negative opinion that aims to be objective on "what has been a great influence." «La Maman et al La Putain», of course, went down in history as the impact of a large part of what has been done in France and elsewhere over the past thirty years, and no one interested in the history of cinema, of course, do not talk from his view. In order to express a purely subjective opinion, but I have to agree with almost all the other reviews posted here and tell people, 'Do not look at it, it's a waste hours of your time that will just leave you feeling pretty sick and angry "and the fact that I do not mean" sick and angry "about the" human condition "or something so common and deep as because it is the line that most critics took their rough praise the film. - "ordeal look in his merciless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty "and so on - and, if it is really able to put through universally or even generally corresponds to a message of this kind, the Director will have a reason to be pleased with themselves, but the pessimism of his conclusions may be May beef with the film, and what I am. I do not see this many hours of recording of the empty vanity and petty treason, how justified or excused any GENERALLY appropriate message at all. The three main characters are deeply morally unsavory individuals: Alexandre the most, of course, because what we see today, most of it, and because it rarely pauses for more than thirty seconds; Dreams, perhaps to a lesser extent, because we see it as a minimum. affected and pretentious monologues Alexandre have the form of entertainment value, of course, but the entertainment is fine, as one comes more and more clearly understand what Jean-Pierre Léaud, most likely, not even valid, and that, with the absurd remarks like "UN homme beau UN Comme film de Nicholas Ray," he really just reproducing word for word the thoughts that were taken as true and deep by the environment in which he, together with the director Eustache, he lived for about ten years before time, in making the film. I believe that if t relentless superficiality and triviality was stable for 100% of the film, it could work, how long sarcastic comedy about a particularly shallow, useless and cowardly post-68 environment. What it has been done, however, the viewer at least, very angry with the director of his provision of at least one long scene of each to Alexander and Veronica, in which we clearly expected to empathize and feel for them, as if they shared moral universe us, If a man can get away with living in an apartment and professing to love only one woman, sleeping (mostly very flat) on the other, and the bustle of Paris offers a third marriage, well, I think, I wish him good luck in the ruthless the world, he chose to create for himself. What I can not, however, do listen to it in good conscience, even for a moment to maudlin monologue from him, in which he speaks of his "anxiety" and "despair". The same thing happens twice for even more despicable Veronika, we showed drunken barges into the apartment, and even beds shared dreams and Alexandre and behave there with children's inconsistency equivalent to the most rabid and heartless cruelty. As I have said, if the «La Maman et al La Putain» is not intended to be anything more, nothing other than a portrait of Alexander, Veronica and Mary, three people, which any even half-decent person would never admit to his company not to mention the their home, and then I guess it's a kind of law director augmentation for being "fearless" (though why one should even feel "jerks" once a conscious decision to create such carefully pushes the characters filmically notice, I can not imagine ). The problem, however, lies in the fact that the director is clearly convinced - and, it seems, managed to convince generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronica and Mary are a kind of representative of the whole person and the limits of emotional features of human beings. This last idea, however, keen and insulting nonsense. There may indeed be inherent fallibility and the trend towards tragedy in human relations in general and sexuality in particular. But the nature and extent of the errors and tendencies of the tragedy can only be possible, they will be determined by the people who make a sincere and serious effort to make the work of such a relationship. It certainly does not need the cinema or the author's genius to bring to us the information that a person who behaves like Alexandre is going to end hate, miserable and alone, or that women who insist on waiting for love by someone like Alexandre going to end up disappointed and bitter. Watches «La Maman Et La Putain», if you are interested in a historically what passed for culture and human interaction in particular after 68 Parisian environment, which was probably, unfortunately, is not limited to only a few types of antisocial especially as they are, but please do not make the mistake of believing that what is written here has any general significance for humanity as a film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese can be argued to have.
