Well, I'll start with the good points. The film was only 86 minutes long, and some of them were so bad that it was interesting. Now for the lowest points. My first warning sign came with the actual "warning" about the film. When he started the following "warning" portrayed "The film you are about to see contains graphic and disturbing images because contrary to popular belief, was killed any fun, if rather romantic," I've got to save yourself 86 minutes and then turned it off.. The first words of the film were. "I have to glue factory" It was a guy talking on the phone, and he was referring to a nursing home as a glue factory. I do not know why. Thus, the basis of the film is some child will receive a Zodiac and begins to imitate him. The budget of the film was at least $ 50, and they had to use the cheapest camera could find. The action was worse than me reading directly from a script. Here's what it looked like, what they do. The script was terrible, and the big "twist" is that the guy who wrote a biography on the zodiac really was Zodiac. Of course, they are trying to show is thin, but made it quite clear in the first 10 minutes. No more painful details of the plot, there were some terrible moments of the film. They try to make Zodiac compare themselves to "one army", because the soldiers really only killer. Then they tried to make an attempt to "satanic cult", showing some of the guys in black hoods at the meeting. Big "computer hacker" was able to get the address of the child, if someone gave him the name and phone number of the child. For some reason, he had to hack the FBI to get someone address. I do not know why he did not just look it up in the phone book or use whitepages.com. There was also the occasional hint of 9/11 for no reason. I also learned that no matter where you get shot, blood will come out of your mouth for a few seconds. <br /> <br /> So if you want a really effective bad, poor scripts, bad camera work and obvious plot, you will love the Zodiac!
