Firstly, I would like to point out that the reason why I gave this movie 1 star out of 10, not because there is no option not to give it any stars! it really is that bad! I have never been willing to see this movie when I saw an advertisement for it, I ended up seeing it only by accident, because some of my friends had tickets and had one spare, so I got involved. Before you see it, I had a pretty good idea that it would not be a genius - the room seemed too silly and stupid anything good to come out of it, but in my heart I thought, "but there must be something good about it, Uma Thurman and Luke Wilson to make the film ... "is not something that I think any of them are particularly stunning, but they are big name stars, who usually only make films that would enhance their reputation. However, about 10-20 minutes, I realized the function that the film is likely to be worse than I first anticipated. I was shocked at how horrible scenario. It really did not give ANYTHING actor to work, so that they really looked like they did not know what they are doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was entirely predictable - if you saw the ad, then you pretty much seen the movie! And there was nothing original about this - it is largely borrowed from each "super-hero" story that has ever been, that would have been acceptable had the film was created as a satire of the genre, but, unfortunately, was not. The direction seems to be realistic. I got the feeling that the director wanted the film to feel very real, and not a satire on all things, and there were some moments in the film that were so incredibly unreal that this would work, if it was a satire. At one point in the film, two of the characters seem to die, and one of the surviving characters have a line like, "Oh, well, she's dead ... it's time to move on," and he says it in such a beautiful voice that it is completely useless "t make any sense. I found myself check hours after about 40 minutes to see how much time I would have to sit through it. And then it hit me ... I started thinking, "I wonder if the studio has made this picture as a test to see if they can make the worst film ever made, and continues to draw a large audience ..." I could not 't think of any other reason why this film will be made. For movies that are made these days, the script proceeds to the larger process of selection and very few scripts to actually make it to the production stage ... I can not understand how this one has passed the first stage of the project to the end ... and extremely dumb founding-Ly stupid climax, I laughed heartily - but not what I wanted, filmmakers laugh, but instead, how ridiculous and absurd movie was. Thank God I do not have to pay money to see it ... because it would be really annoying me !!! Oh, and I can only add that the two brothers Wilson, I've always preferred Luke, because I think he's a better, more versatile actor ... but if he wants to go even further into the shadows of Owen, that is exactly what way to do it ... I doubt he will get many more job offers after these bad waste 2 hours !!! and remember that he only received a generous 1/10, because I could not choose 0!
