It is easy to see how this is lower than the average script acquired at the beginning of the meeting a step sales Regency Films (and later with Fox): cross the superhero genre with the comedic take on "Fatal Attraction" ... voila! I do not know how on earth got into a talented director, Ivan Reitman, if payment was not too attractive. Unused employee architectural design firm in New York meets a girl on the subway, and requests it; despite the fact that she was distracted and unpleasant, he finally gets her to bed - only to find out later she was a resident of the Big Apple superhero, G-Girl. This brace Superman, with the authority given to her fallen meteorite, not a fantasy character, but ... screenwriter Don Payne thought of it as a poor belonging, vindictive bitch (he telegraphed to us is far away, even though Uma Thurman still plays a role in the brazen laughter). It's kind of useless film, which can not afford to slip insulting. Our acquaintance with the leading man Luke Wilson, talking to Wilson Rhine by train, accompanied by sour digging in gay (he pokes at us, to be sure, these two friends are strictly womanizer). Once approached nemesis G-Girl, who wants to claim their forces, Wilson said it would make it just an ordinary woman scorned ... and is not that it is better? Thurman first performances in such films as "Henry and June" and "Jennifer 8" showed a wise woman with the angular grace and hypnotic steadiness; her films Quentin Tarantino helped expose her sinewy hardness and intensity, but it came at a price (the actress, it would seem, has lost its exquisite touch). The picture is very well prepared and arrows, with expensive special effects imaginary, but no one bothered to find the humor in this scenario. This assertive, leering, ugly and badly cast. Bloated frozen face, Wilson can not tell any of his colleagues that he meets with G-Girl, because she made him swear that he would prefer the chainsaw stuck his rectum. I wonder if the author Payne actually thought it was fun ... or, indeed, if those involved do? * From ****
