Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he's found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who seems like a quiet, but beautiful woman, but he soon learns that she needs, and owned by, oh, and she is also a superhero G-Girl, if you would not know it from what it does to Matt after he is worried and breaks up with her. <br /> <br /> promising premises destroyed mediocre performance. My Super Ex-Girlfriend enjoyable comedy, but it belongs too much on the cheap sex jokes and ends up being a forgettable experience. What went wrong? Throwing and director have not been able to overcome the weakness of the script, and I do not like how they played it. I expected that the guy is a jerk, and it might be a woman revenge fantasy film. However, they have done a nice guy, and they made the superhero crazy. It just was not very fresh, and about, the film wears it welcomed forty minutes. Of course, there were a few funny lines, but the weak average and terrible end to keep it from really breaks out. <br /> <br /> The director Ivan Reitman has lost touch. After the successful launch in the eighties and early nineties, he started doing shit like Evolution and Father's Day. I would not say, My Super Ex-Girlfriend exhaustive search, but I do not give him credit for any quality keeps the film, which is not too much. Don Payne did a terrible job with the screenplay. Most of the jokes were lame, and most of the supporting characters were just one note. He also continued to re-use a lot of one and the same jokes make thing really tiring at times. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors were good enough to save the film. Uma Thurman was great as G-Girl, and she had a lot of funny lines. Luke Wilson was a little pale and not very interesting. I do not think it makes for an attractive leading man, and he's better in a supporting role in The Family Stone. Anna Faris just makes it «Scary Movie» routine, and it gets a little old. She needs a challenge, or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes a hit or miss for me. It was big in Monster-in-law, and she badly Clerks 2. Here, it is just annoying, and nothing in the film will bring. Eddie Izzard was not good, nothing special. Rain Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the film. It was awful but it was so much potential, and the end result was so average. rating 5/10
