SEVEN POUNDS: emotional FLAT, illogical and morally disturbing <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as the "Seven Souls". I was wondering about the i original name, after some research, I discovered that it refers to Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice, where the moneylender Shylock makes a terrible relationship with the merchant Antonio, who will have to give him a "pound" of his flesh, in the case, if he is unable to repay its debt. While Italian translation makes a plan for something Ben profoundly human, characterized by human sympathy, the original, although cultivated enough to go unnoticed by anyone, does it only in relation to the flesh, something cold, rational, deeply rooted in the physical side of man. Unfortunately, I think that the actual quality of Ben's plan is revealed original name: It'a cold machinations, aimed at the "donation" of his body, but lacks any real human empathy, at least, the audience is not given the opportunity to see or perceive any clear attitude of the soul throughout the film. The only exception is the love story of a girl who seems to be a kind of unprogrammed incident, which gives Ben, but can not convey true emotional involvement. I really do not like the idea at the heart of the film: the idea that a person, but eaten the pain for the death of his beloved, and the other people he called, takes a decisive decision to redeem his guilt as a result of suicide: in addition, it is unlikely it does not make any sense. I would like to, and I think it would be more positive if, in the end, Ben decided to abandon the idea of ​​committing suicide, and continue to live, thereby helping the same people, and possibly many more, just standing next to them and help them in his presence. He would not have saved his life miraculously, of course: it would have probably caused more suffering, but I think it might be more constructive on the person, and from the moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to the creation of God for seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible, it's six!): What does it mean? And what about the woman who suffers from heart disease, which prevents it from running and even sing without feeling bad, someone can have a normal sex with a man who, feeling it must have been destroyed by the death of his wife and of donated organs and parts of his body, does not seem to feel so tried, both emotionally and physically, from his disturbed state? The film is saved by good actions, but everything else is pure stupidity, and not just from a logical point of view, but also from a human and emotional.
