Possible spoilers, maybe. I must say that the "Cinderella II: Dreams Come True" is one of the worst movies ever. First of all, the film was made in the midst of the excitement of the Disney sequel. It was created at about the same time as «The Little Mermaid II», «The Jungle Book II» and «Peter Pan II,» all of which were disservices to their original film classics. (Disney and "The Hunchback of Notre Dame II» and «Atlantis II», but I'm going to throw this topic, because their original films have never been a classic in the first place. ") Let me go ahead and say that I am I am an avid a supporter of good Disney movie, and I absolutely love the original Disney "Cinderella." sequel "Cinderella", however, it is a waste of time. Cinderella character in the future was so very unlike the original girl who I grew up watching. original Cinderella was a kind and loving. Cinderella is very new with-a-character moment the current era of phrasing like, "I'm going to make this banquet my way!" Let me also tell you that the new Cinderella (as I affectionately call it) says, "Ewww!" that is, anti-Cinderella. I try to find the best in people, but in the future, Anastasia, one of the stepsisters, it is good that hell why they have done everything to be like Lady Tremaine and Drizella simply awful family for these poor Anastacia My question to the world!?.: even the people at Disney to see the original "Cinderella", making it a sequel? Well, it certainly does not seem so. If I remember correctly, Anastasia was just as offensive as the Drizella Cinderella and Lady Tremaine. I'm all for redemption and forgiveness, but there was no sense of redemption for Anastasia in the film. In the first of them, Anastasia was evil. Second, it is good. Only one of them can not leave the story as it is. I hope that Disney understands that this film, among other films, it's a disgrace to the name of Walt Disney. Perhaps now, when Michael Eisner was gone, things begin to form around the House of Mouse.
