It contains spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson made some great films, in particular, «Ice Cold in Alex" and "Cape Fear" and "Country Dance" is one of its more interesting offers. The story is set among the upper classes of rural Scotland, and details the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, an eccentric aristocratic landowner, his sister, Hilary, and estranged husband of Hillary Douglas, who hopes to reconcile with her. We learn that during his career as an army officer, Charles was regarded as a "low morale". It seems to have been an accurate diagnosis of his condition; throughout the film it reflects the attitude of gloomy frustration in the world, and its main source of emotional support, it seems, Hillary and his bottle of whiskey. The film ends with his presentation to the crazy high-end. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole was when he was at his best as in "Lawrence of Arabia", one of the UK's leading actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven, and "Country Dance" with It is not one of his best films. He overacts furiously, making a caricature of Charles useless inbred aristocrat, as if he were auditioning for a part in Monty Python's "Upper-class Twit of the Year" sketch. Susannah York, Hillary and Michael Craig, Douglas rather better, but there is not really an outstanding performance in the film. There is also little in the way of a coherent portion of the story of the inexorable slide down Charles. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the film, however, is neither the current nor the plot, but the fact that a theme that dare not speak its name. There are hints of half-incestuous relationship between Charles and Hillary, or, at least, Incest attraction to her with his hand, and his dislike of Douglas motivated sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in a swinging sixties and the early seventies (the film differently given date or as one thousand nine hundred sixty-nine or 1970) was a limit to what the British Board of Film Censors was willing to allow, and the film with a clearly incestuous theme was definitely outside . (US title for the film was "Brotherly Love", but it was not used in the UK, was too suggestive for the disposition BBFC?) These hints do not therefore never developed, and we never see what motivates Charles or what caused him moral collapse , resulting in a film with a hollow opening in the center. 4/10
