If a film titled «Exterminators 3000 year," a good chance you know what you're getting yourself into. I myself was sold promising description "NRTI mutants", "psycho-motor", and, of course, the "fighters" itself, which, in accordance with the back of a movie store case, all jumping around a post-apocalyptic wasteland of barren sow all kinds of mayhem. Let the stupid jokes and low budget clown follow - at least, those were my hopes for this <br /> <br /> Now I sometimes like a scary movie, and if you read the comments on Fighter "movie." Year 3000, you probably too. That being said, I appreciated this film a solid "1 (awful)" - not because I completely hated the film, but because it is one of the worst legitimate efforts in making a movie I have ever seen. Dialogue which acts, film, sound-editing, editing generally, a plot, etc., etc., etc. - all of them are worthy of what should be, of course, low expectations spectator, given that a great title <br /. > <br /> So what is actually 'good' about a bad movie? He has some of what my circle affectionately terms "quality kills." The quality of the murder, except for those few of you are familiar with the phrase, not a hard and fast deadline, but generally refers to anyone killed in a particularly disgusting, creative, or funny fashion. <br /> <br /> Exterminators year 3000 also has a sufficient supply of "dialogue-so-bad-it becomes smeshno-," provided for the most part from the crazy Bull, aptly named the leader of the hapless motor-psycho gang - which, incidentally, also provides a great quality of murders (if you're hoping for big things from NRTIs mutants, think again, they play essentially zero part of the film ... shells!). Crazy Bull, however, all that you could ask for in b-movie-crazy motor. Shakespeare paraphrased and surprisingly PG-style insult to all that he knows how to offer in ... and it's amazing. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality kills and bad dialogue, but if you are looking for a really exciting movie Bad, Exterminators really disappointing that some in 3000, that it draws limited things as silly and outdated special effects, the quality of the murder, and bad dialogue, there is simply not enough to justify a full-length feature, which is primarily due to forty minutes or so, in which viewers are forced to follow the characters in long and boring car " chases "and long pedestrian sequences in the desert ... Indiscriminately, pretty good horrible movie, but hey, it's not Death Race 2000.
