Jeffrey Combs mad scientist whose research stem cells grew into a diabolical scheme to create a hybrid shark-hammer humanoid life form, hoping to breed a whole new look by using the Tile in the womb. It will not be easy for Tylo is a tough broad, and her boyfriend, William Forsythe, is not about to give it up without a fight. <br /> <br /> You see Tylo and Forsyth are two business-executive employees of Arthur Roberts, brilliant minds that meet Combs (.. scientist who once worked for Roberts, and whose liberated position went Tylo) on his island fortress, where he conducts his research and experiments. This island gives him the opportunity to recruit new victims for their work and "son." They think that it is a professional case against a breakthrough in the field of stem cell research, which could lead to the treatment of various diseases. comb son dies of kidney cancer when he decided to fulfill his mad science to it, creating this bloodthirsty carnivorous creature that can both swim and walk on the land (although .. first hammer can only stay outside for short periods time). Tylo met the son of the combs, so the connection but two worked Roberts, who brings with him his trophy wife, Maria Ignatova. Also support TYLO Forsythe and Roberts and Ignatova are their counterparts, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Comb their traps in the conference room, but they can escape the island, he sends them after his well-paid mercenaries and hammerhead son. <br /> <br /> As with similar features of the sci-fi channel being his type, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some pretty unattractive computer-generated effects and attacks (.. where shark breaks of course) is removed at a rapid editing, frenzied format camera, where you have a hard time seeing any of the ensuing carnage, you have this vague idea that the absorption of man (.. torn to pieces), but the attacks are shot in a very erratic fashion, which, in truth rather rabies. Himself a monster has never seen in its entirety, only momentary glimpses of the eye or body parts that gnawed the victim screams in horror. One thing is certain, you see teeth. We get the CGI sharks Hammerhead swimming shots in the direction of the screen, all threatening, ready to eat the body. Constant while (.. and after) the victims are attacked, we see a lot of blood and pieces of flesh erupts to the surface (.. this is really the main Ki director Michael Obloutsa how to tell the viewer that are tearing apart are suicide ). <br /> <br /> range, plow the land, as a scientist, but he always had the opportunity to convey a quiet madness beneath this low-key determination. It is interesting to see Forsyth rare outlined the role of the hero, very much against type as electronics Wiz (.. to his credit, he actually pulls it off), which should take the lead, when the group is facing an unprecedented threat. Tylo also in a very different kind of role, a scientist who can defend well enough. Roberts may play the role of a millionaire businessman in a dream, and it's kind of neat to see him shooting a machine gun at the soldiers combs (.. though its fate does not like). Any that it was also very interesting to watch and Forythe TYLO Downing hired thugs confiscated combs with automatic machine guns. As might be expected, the script allows those who created the deadly villain to put yourself in unnecessary danger, to ensure that they can pay for them sins..I mean, seriously, what these people are deliberately left himself so vulnerable to attack after seeing just what damage the human anatomy it can do? Beautiful exotic plant pretty good background.
