Where the hell are all these uncharted island, where prehistoric monsters lurk evil doctors carry out their experiments, crazy to have a final karate championship, and the uber rich people hunted for sport? I had no idea there were still so many unexplored islands there, but if we take into account the number of films that use one of these mysterious islands as a place, you would have to assume that there are at least 50 of these suckers there. It always end feeling so damn convenient, and I immediately deduct points from any movie that uses this hackneyed device. Hammerhead story of a mad scientist who conducts experiments on one of the unknown islands, so that the film has a lot to do before it starts. <br /> <br /> The island in the movie used to belong to Dr. Moreau, but it was recently purchased himself Re-Animator, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey makes some cutting edge stem cell research, which led him to start the work with sharks in search of a cure for cancer. If this sounds familiar, it's because it is approximately the same basic set as a Smart Object in sharks Deep Blue Sea, not to mention a variety of other Nu Image films. So, obviously, the son of Geoffrey is dying of cancer, which prompted our mad doctor, to start experimenting on his descendants. He made some super fancy gene splicing and so on, turning his son into the shark man. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe led the crew of unknown actors to the island to see the doctor's experiments. If someone gave him a hat sailor, William would have been dead for takeout Skipper to Gilligan Island. In a typical Bond fashion Villain, the doctor decides that all the attacker would be a good friend to his son. Nha shortstop, shortstop ... chum salmon, sharks food. Will open the shark-boy who starts stalking the skipper and his cohorts around the island. They, of course, make a half-hearted attempt to escape and thwarted again and again until the chase guy in a rubber suit shark people. <br /> <br /> The film does not make any of the items that he has lost over the place on one of those dastardly uninhabited islands. It's funny that this film is called Hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. Why did you hit yourself in the head with a hammer? Because it feels so good when you stop. It's pretty much like this film. The only reason to see this because it feels so good when it's over.
