The "daring" the misadventures of four AU pair arriving in London on the same day in the early 1970s. There's also a Swedish girl, Danish, German and Chinese. History manages to get the clothes from all of them, to get them involved in some Continues type of humor and a couple of them with different failures of the British film and television culture of the time, including the people of the house of the star Richard O'Sullivan, future Coronation Street crook Johnny Briggs and horror film tall Ferdy Mayne (played by Sheikh). There's quite a risky amount of female nudity on the screen for those who love this kind of thing (but certainly nothing hardcore) <br /> <br /> Most of the film is quite thin and inconsequential. girl stereotypes and German Anita is particularly affected by some disorders infantalising - she is obsessed moron color TV, which acts as a kind of uninhibited child and dresses deliberately show their private parts; in another, more serious film, it will be a psychiatric case. The most interesting section of the film includes a Swedish girl carries the club in London, where some dodgy types are still trying to swing, being seduced by the rocking middle age, losing your virginity, and realizing that the scene was not for her. These sequences have some energy to them and indicates the more intriguing film, we ended up with, where promiscuity and waste the music business and the top live soulless and seedy life (there is a fine place John Standing as an impotent state school ROUE). Amazing stories are Chinese woman (future veteran cannibal film Me Me Lay) Getting off her child piano prodigy employer, leaning mutually in love, and then, leaving in the middle of the night for no good reason at all, except nekotoryhov Orientalist notion that "Chinese bird inscrutable , Sun them? "The film is quite humiliating for his women characters and there is a small amount of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characterizations. End Surprisingly, as Sheikh Mayne for entirely earthly reason (other than the fact that they have to finish this film as something) happens all the girl off of his Arab kingdom for what looks for all the world as the future in the white slave trade, they all tips about. <br /> <br /> nonsense and stupidity in most of the time, but directed with a fair mastery of veteran Val Guest, which puts it as a piece of film, making a notch above most of the 70s Brit sexploitation film.
