I caught this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I have not heard much about it; only that he was badly paced thriller, shot in digital form on a very low budget. I was hoping to catch the next big Brit-Flick. But I must say I was very disappointed. "This Nha Love Song" is worth two criminals who, after accidentally shooting and killing of a young farmer's daughter, becomes embroiled in a deadly game of cat and mouse when the locals decided to take matters into their own hands and hunt them. <br /> <br /> The real problem lies in the fact that this is another example of style over substance in the British film. Camera angles, and editing is completely at odds with the history as well as above the upper lip, and the terrible use of slow motion, which only serves to make it look like an expensive home video. There are several attempts to make the movie look sharp and rough, which instead come in a fun and over the top (CUE miserable, mandatory drug scene, as well as countless pointless camera zooms in). No amount of clichés such as this can not hide the fact that this is a very bad story. <br /> <br /> We have seen this kind of thing many times and done a hundred times better, especially in John Boorman's masterful "Deliverance". But while in the last film, we really care about the characters in this film, I found that just wants them to be hunted and killed as fast as possible. Even that would not be so bad if their opponents were intimidating or standing, but instead is a set of stereotypical, promising inbred villagers. Again, another offensive abused cliché "comes to the fore. Of course, there are some good people in the country, the filmmakers? <br /> <br /> In his defense, "it's not Love Song" does contain a couple of good, tense moments, but it's hard to see this film does something else than to go straight to video, or, at a push getting a very limited release of the movie. This is not a patch on last year's low-budget film, hunted in the hills, "Dog Soldiers". Maybe the British cinema can really get a kick again if the right money stopped going into the wrong hands.
