To understand where this 1976 version of A Star Is Born assume believe it: His final number is sung by Barbra Streisand in seven minutes and forty-second close-up, followed by another two-and-half-minute stop-frame with Ms. Streisand - hitting Christ as posture - for the closing credits. More than ten uninterrupted minutes distinctive Visage dead Barbara, filling the big screen with an uncompromising ego. It just might be some kind of cinematic recording <br /> <br /> Or think about this: The plot of the musical revolves around the love between two musical superstars, but, while Streisand songs performed in full -. including an endless final - her colleague Kris Kristofferson could not even complete a single song he performs. Also, although it will allow him to contribute a little back to a few of their rhymes, they actually sing duets <br /> <br /> Or think :. Streisand name appears in the credits, at least six times, including credit for "musical ideas" and her wardrobe (the cabinet) - and it is also allegedly wanted to, but could not get a loan because of the direction as well. One of its loans was an executive producer, producer credit is going to her then-boyfriend, a former hairdresser, Jon Peters. Thus, Streisand controlled the final version of the film, which explains why he is so obsessed with the film skewed toward her. The fact that it does not explain how to proceed, taking into account all possibilities to make more Diva look good, their efforts only make Streisand look bad. Despite the fact that this is one of the biggest box-office hits Streisand, it is perhaps her worst film and retains its worst performance. <br /> <br /> Anyway, moving melodrama of Hollywood in the world of sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, pop singer on the road to glory, who share the fast lane for a while with Kristofferson John Norman Howard, tough rocker header to eliminate the ramp Has-beenville. In previous incarnations of the story, "Norman Maine You" leading man sacrifices his career to help the newcomer "by Vicky Lester" to achieve their success. In feminist seventies, Streisand & Co. He wants to make it clear that their character must not do anything to the man, so that the trajectory is distorted; it will be a success with or without him, and he pretty much near the bottom of the other scenes; He took care she should suffer for the sake of love. Thus, there is a clear attempt to make the leading lady is not only difficult but almost ruthless, while her lover off as henpecked reproach. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson schleps through the film with a credible indifference to the material; making little attempt to give most of the work, and strange as it may well serve it unnecessary, dopey character. Streisand, on the other hand, does not have one moment of honesty in all her time on the screen. Everything she does, it seems, if not too rehearsed, at least, is also under control. Even her imaginary LIBS classifieds seems uncomfortable intentional and its time of the alleged hysteria cold mechanically. Two did not have a chemistry that makes the central love story is absolutely incredible. We can assume that his character sees it as a symbol of his fading youth and innocence, but at the age of 34 years, Streisand does not seem especially young or naive. Possible involvement he can offer her something that she can use it as a quick way to glory. Indeed, if the film had the courage to actually play the material in such a way as to make the character Streisand openly exploiting play the villain, the movie may have been the spark, and perhaps the reason for existence. <br /> <br /> but I think the filmmakers actually see how cute Esther victim; they do not seem to be aware of just how restrained himself absorbed by it. But sensitivity is not one of the strengths of the movie: look at the small joke giving Barbra two African-American singer ago just so the film can be given a lame call racism trio Oreos. And the film makes a big deal, pointing out that Esther preserves its ethnic identity, using her given name Hoffman, but the filmmakers changed the name of the character from the previous "Esther Blozhett" movies, so that Streisand would not be difficult to name, which is a ' It is too Jewish or too unattractive. So much for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> scenes back stabbing and the reproaches that ran alongside the release of the film is legendary, so the fact that the movie ended perfectly polished look. Nominee Director Frank Pierson seems to have put the raw materials for a good film, with considerable help from the ace cinematographer Robert Surtees. And the film really served its purpose, producing a decent soundtrack of pop music (including Oscar «Evergreen» Paul Williams and Streisand). But overall the movie was one thing Streisand reportedly claimed that she did not want it to be, a vanity project.
