I think that deep down in the dark, slimiest piece of his heart, everyone loves Jerry Springer just a little bit. While his show is undoubtedly offensive and stupid, it also gives us an opportunity to see that, relatively speaking, most of us it's really good. When you look at the trailer park Livin ', whiskey dollar drink, incest Lovin' people on the show Springer, it makes even your worst day, it seems like a walk in the park. Jerry performs public service, and we should be grateful. He ruined his political career to host a show, just for us. <br /> <br /> The fact that we have to be grateful in any piece of debris the way the movie "arena." "Arena" shows what life was like for the people, which are wound up being a guest on the show, or so they would like us to think. The film follows a pre-needed Springer plot: love triangles. One triangle includes horses, her daughter, Angel, and her husband's rusty. Others include Starletta, Vonda and Demond. If the two groups meet at the hapless Los Angeles, their lives intertwined and head-on collision, all culminating in an explosive episode of Springer. It seems that the «Short Cuts» if Robert Altman had a heavy crack habit. <br /> <br /> «arena" is the right show how stupid and insulting from start to finish. It also makes me very glad that I do not live in poverty, it is the characters make. But the film has a problem. This is the price as a comedy, but it's just not very funny. What laughs there have been few and far between. Maybe some people watch it and laugh non-stop. If you think blow jobs and rape funny, well, then I think you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times, and spent the rest of the movie in admiration of agonizing horrors of life white trash. <br /> <br /> Jerry Springer is simply not designed to make the leap from TV to silver screen. What's funny about an hour long show (less if you count the commercials) is not necessarily funny in the ninety minutes of the film. Movies should tell a story, and something else "arena" have problems. History is worn. There are so many plot holes and continuity errors, that any attempt to tell a coherent narrative quickly separate. And even if there were no such problems, how much fun you can get from the stereotypical stories of people in a stereotypical stories? Even Hollywood formula can not make it better. "Arena: so bad it even screws up the best part of the show Springer :. Final thought somehow, even the smartest and easiest aspect of the show wound up blowing more than lewd women film is built around <brie. /> <br /> worst in all this himself Springer. he is a bad actor, that he can not even play himself convincingly. Looking Springer Springer play boring. this is how it was going on, "that if Woody Allen plays Jerry Springer" vibe, and he failed. pitiable. He went to the problems of production of this disaster, at least he could do is try to make it just that much better. <br /> <br /> it's not that I 'm saying, everything else in the film put in a decent performance remuneration. just the opposite. They all suck. not so surprising that no one in this film did not go to the greatness . the best of any of them was really Hagel landing a job on the Nickelodeon Cibitoke. apparently, Nickelodeon has no problem with hiring nnem woman who starred in the film with the infamous "9 to 0 to play in a children's program .. It makes you wonder what kind of things other adult on this channel did in their last <br /> <br /> Here are my Final Thoughts What we have here is a group of people who are not self-esteem, and people with money to burn, who met and put their resources together to create a film that shows how much they hate themselves, and how little they think about the wisdom of their audience. If we accept the people who make films that treat us like a heavy brain damage lumps of mucus? Did not I say no. Somewhere in this crazy, mixed up world, there is a perfect film for each of us. We just have to keep searching. Until next time, take care of themselves and their loved ones. And never look "arena."
