I can not quite say that, "Jerry Springer: playpen" the worst movie I have ever seen. The film would have been better if it was, because at least the worst film I've ever seen, (Prom Night II) interested me enough for me to hate. My only reaction after leaving the theater was when I looked at my watch and found that only 90 minutes had passed. It seemed much more like a year. This endless repetition of poor people (or what seems to be Jerry Springer believe poor people), screwing each other, hitting each other, insult each other, and then repeat the process with the same attention to the work, the rest of us to use when the shampoo . The plot, which covers a group of stupid people mutilate their lives is strong enough to provide grist to the mill of Jerry Springer, moving only because of the stupidity of the characters. This makes it impossible to care what happens to them. It never mattered to me is, they are on the show, or what they said, or who slept with whom. Maybe I should not care about them. Maybe I should look at them as a kind of comic type--, to see their outrageous behavior is inherently funny. It is a pity that it is not. Humor and resented. It's harmless. It's predictable. Humor must be something behind it, a painful irony or life experiences, in order to function. Scatology Sun wit. Example. Mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. To get back at her march through the trailer park and give oral sex with her boyfriend of his daughter. Since I was a shock for the Jerry Springer show for a long time, I had the same reaction I had obscene nursery rhyme Andrew Dice Clay; do not laugh, just a yawn. And finally, I found Springer pose as a populist tiresome and unconvincing. If he really was a supporter of the poor, he will bring on a bed with mom-Sty talk about trying to raise her children in New York at $ 12,000 per year. Or, if this is not possible, it is, at least, give the participants it shows a reduction of its profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his show, his movies, his books and videos. His guests just get airfare round trip, hotel accommodation, as well as the opportunity to humiliate himself. If he loved the poor so much that he would give them at least some of the money they earn for him. It turns out that Springer wanted to make this film to capture some legitimacy for themselves. Jeez, for all his fine work, you might think that he has earned our respect already. In any case, the film is weak and boring. He can not even on the offensive. If you want to get a better night, videotape Bug Zapper for the night, and then see that.
