Vampire Bat is set in a small German Klineschloss village where Gustave deprived (Lionel Belmore) Burgermeister meets with Inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) with the local gendarmerie about all the recent murders of six victims were found as many weeks, all bloodless and bearing the same two puncture wounds on his neck. Brettschneider has no single key, but superstitious village elders believe that mortality will work a vampire. Brettschneider not sure, but the frightened residents continue to talk stories about seeing the big bat, then the last victim in March Mueller (Rita Carlyle) was found. Brettschneider is coming under increasing pressure to solve these murders, but he can really believe that giant Vampire Bat answers and when he is, he's going to stop him? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Strayer The Vampire Bat was cheap from the pictures Majestic cash in on the success of the two stars Atwill and Ray and their success in previous years Doctor X (1932), and to a greater degree murder mystery, and not horror as exploitive and a tempting title may have lead you to believe and fully open it is pretty boring. Scenario Edward T. Lowe Jr. takes on very seriously, and sets the main story that is killing the locals & -That might be a vampire, for most of the duration of the film focuses on the Brettschneider and his incompetent research that, not to put too fine a point on it, boring. Vampire Bat also has a bit of an identity crisis, because it is not exactly knows what he wants to be, the name would suggest the horror film while the majority of it could easily be described as a thriller with the last few minutes of descent in a silly sci-fi. There's no Vampire Bat, an attempt to fool you are helpless, the whole character of broad patterns and you can tell right away the villain, and generally there is nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about The Vampire Bat. I know this is old, but that's no excuse, as the movie moved into much of 1933 and a soft, flat, dull, boring and misleading film such as The Vampire Bat simply does not cut it these days, just look the original King Kong (one thousand nine hundred thirty-three), released in the same year as & brilliant that still holds today. I do not like it, and I doubt that many contemporary viewers of the film will be either, it's as simple and straight forward as that. <br /> <br /> The director Strayer does not do anything special, but it takes place at a point where I can cut the film slack because of his age, in general, it is quite a lot of sense to shoot and hope for the best material. There is not much in the way of atmosphere and scares, but some of the sets that were already existing, taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and a European set of Universal's on their back a lot of good and add a certain atmosphere to things. <br /> <br /> Technically Vampire Bat can not be compared to anything even remotely modern, at the age he's all right, I suppose, but again I would like to draw your attention to the original King Kong. Speaking of the King Kong star Fay Wray is playing a role in this, as does Etuill horror icon, I would look and say, acting in order. <br /> <br /> The Vampire Bat is a fool, I imagine a lot of people thinking that this horror movie about vampire bats, when in fact it is not, personally I thought it was a little hole. It's short and it says that this story is reasonable enough, but I must admit that I am not a fan.
