When installing this film, directed by Mary Harron, it would seem to clearly document the purpose of career move Bettie Page, from the early days of modeling, modeling to leave to return home after the Senate hearings on juvenile and her religious rediscovered in the 50th years, and, therefore, the intention is to make it all the facts on the screen at the time allowed it, seems to have missed to take at any time to explain something in depth. <br /> <br /> If you think about someone who had a career Page, you «d think that it would be a lot to discuss its causes, solutions, events, life, personal injury, but which avoids Harron or the nature of personal exploration. In the first fifteen minutes or so of the film there are brief allusions to child abuse, domestic violence and gang rape, but they slipped past, and then never mentioned. You get the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-author) wanted to embellish anything that was not glamorous and commendable. You go into this movie expecting to get an idea of ​​who was the man behind the posters, but all that you are given a list of things she did and recovered some of her most famous photo shoots. <br /> <br /> the whole movie you really care about how you look, desperately waiting for some additional layer to reveal themselves. How does it balance their religion with its work? What did this young girl Tennessee move from modeling into bondage photos. The film shows her just to go to another modeling agency and putting everything she said, but, of course, this would lead to some kind of shock and reflection, it was after all the 50th years. <br /> <br /> I think it Harron trying to make a point about how to tame it all by today's standards (page never took any pictures of explicit sexual acts) and as a reaction to some given this kind of thing is really overdone and while it's true, she never does it seem to be poor in the eyes of other people. Today we look at a young girl posing topless and do not think anything of it, but we need to have some sense of how shocking it would be to a modern audience. This woman was a central part of the Senate hearings on juvenile, but no one ever really shown in shock. <br /> <br /> In general, I left this movie was just thinking how it was tame. Harron and Turner managed to avoid anything that can be frustrating for the viewer. They come across as two lifelong supporters of Ms. Page and desperate to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, could not put a bad light on their character, and thus avoid any probing depth in which it really is. (Before and after the pit there are reports of its violent nature and psychiatric problems) And all that's left is a string of events that made her career, without any substance at all for him.
