On 26 September 1983 a short stocky 60-year-old woman appeared in court for attempted murder Leone Haddad, a lady whose husband had recently died, and agreed to take in a resident who came through the housing authority for the elderly. Haddad did not know that her new tenant was, in fact, came fresh from Patton State Psychiatric Hospital, where she was imprisoned for unexplained stabbings for a couple three years ago. Haddad soon realized that something was "rotten in Denmark", when the woman began to lock himself in the bathroom with a tape reading prophesies about the "seven gods. Haddad fears were confirmed one night, when she woke up to find her resident sits astride her chest holding a bread knife declaring that "God inspired me to kill you." Haddad managed to knock her assailant with the phone, but not before she had lost a finger and suffered deep lacerations on his face and chest. It was a miracle that she survived. Resident was found not guilty by reason of insanity, but sent his feet and screaming, back to the laughing academy. Ten years later, she was released, and found that she was now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on its innocent victims, but also for its implementation 25 years ago, when it was known as the "Queen of the curve, the" Tennessee Tease "and" Miss Pin-up girl of the World "- the notorious Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> The director Mary Harron, mostly well-known "American Psycho" takes us back to the glory days of the legendary cheesecake and Kabbalah model (played strongly enough to Gretchen Mol), who accidentally wrote the blue print for fetishists iconography and whose influence can be discover everything from comics to the podium. T.N.B.P Day-Glo in a fun journey through the image memory of the 1950s, when the page with the help of well-intentioned sister boyfriends and photographers, it is the number one star of the pocket-sized men's glossy magazines with titles like Wink, Tab and hits. Her real dream movie star dodges it and brush with the authorities over obscenity charges in 1957 is fueling the incident, which leads her to withdraw from the simulation and give yourself God. The overall style of the film light and frothy, and only dark for a moment with an allusion to the incestuous father's attention and sexual violence, which for unknown reasons, does not seem to have any noticeable effect on her. Mol plays the page, as it seems to be on her photographs, happy, carefree and fun - even captive arrows give a little more than a good blessed incomprehensibility. The film ends on an optimistic with fun Page to distribute the Bible in the park without a real life unhappy marriages, personal tragedy and decent in the madness of slaughter that lay in front of her; avoiding what I think it is the essential core of the narrative Page - the revival and resurrection. <br /> <br /> Originating imprisonment decade Page discovered that her cult was in the ascent from the mid-1980s, and it became a huge underground icon, during which many people asked, "What happened to Bettie Page." Its "mysterious" disappearance of the reins fires any number of conspiracy theories, only adding to the charm of its legends. If the media in the world, finally caught up with her, she gave no hint of her dark past, and she soon gave interviews for magazines, T.V and photographs on Playboy parties with similar Pamela Anderson and also tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She found that she was now more famous than she ever had in her "glory years" but in the splendor of the "resurrection" it was only a matter of time before the full story will come to light. <br /> <br /> The single thing about the infamous Notorious Bettie Page, they left that part, when it became a really bad reputation.
