"Club 700" should be the most fanatical of the television programs in television history. To make matters worse, it has been on the air since 1966, which means that thousands, if not millions of people buy in their hatred and lies. Led by Pat Robertson, shamelessly, mania founder of the greatness and the leader of the Christian Coalition, "The 700 Club" takes us by the misinformation misunderstanding broadcasting "news" as they like to think about it and trying to convince the audience that all the problems of the world are to blame for homosexuals, Wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, nya Christian fundamentalists, democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionary ecologists, NASA scientists, and anyone else who does not share their fanatical religious beliefs. This is actually the best fake news, as «The Daily Show» or segment «Update output" in the «Saturday Night Live», or because «FOX News» on the issue. Of course, Pat is always the one who makes all of the decisions, saying that comes to mind and do not give a damn who it offends or hurts. not at the same time, he continues his role in the struggle to transform the United States into a militarized police state, with Religious Wrong turn up in all that they can and ask a donation for others - no less than the paltry $ 100 to become a member By the way - for the financing of African diamond mines Pety and companies to buy oil from the government reprimanded in the past for their environmental abuse of the environment. No, it does not mind that Pat was a friend of the genocidal dictator of Zaire and Zimbabwe, in order to help him to acquire such wealth; it's all for the greater glory of God, do not you know? And, of course, the owners «The 700 Club" is always ready to read a letter "written by the audience," as they like to put it, coincidentally each scored in the same format, and all on the same color of paper on "spectators" supposedly cured of various diseases with the help of these hosts (they claim that the "word of knowledge" come to them), but that will never appear on the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, how can anyone take the show seriously, if they use a bad record of applause? It should make people wonder why there is no studio audience. <br /> <br /> The sad thing is that buddies Pat and spectators do not understand or do not want to understand, are the terrible things he did and said. This is a guy who agreed with Falwell that the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States was the result of God's punishment for our acceptance of homosexuality and feminism. Ironically, given that Pat twice publicly referred to the implementation of the nuclear weapons in the State Department; I have no doubt that it is his wealth that kept him from being arrested for such statements. His tirade against homosexuals, single mothers, as well as any number of sexual practices, which he considers "sinful" is interesting, given that he was known to frequent a number of public buildings during the Korean War As the Bible says, 'Be fruitful and multiply, and congratulations, Pat. - thanks to you, there are probably a number of children born to mothers of single Korean. then, of course, there was a time, he called for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint, but still). Oh yes, and let's not quickly forget the time a "crusader for human life "is supported by forced abortion in China. It is very" Christian "about it, do not you? <br /> <br /> And just in case, if the patent forgot, I have not forgotten my little speech that evangelical Christians today", which treated in the same way as the Jews. "Frankly, to compare his" disastrous "to the horrors of the Holocaust of Nazi Germany almost unforgivable. talking about it, whether it is necessary to mention how he brazenly lied that homosexuality is rampant among the Nazi party in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexual? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis acted against homosexuals in the same way as they did to the Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the biggest liars in history. If he were Pinocchio, his nose would encircle the Earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people continue to trust him every day. This is your wake-up call, people; "The 700 Club" is one of the most if not the most nefarious programs in television history. It is an evil under the guise of good; a wolf-in-sheep's-clothing. This bigoted filth that is trying to look clean, pretty, and love. This is living proof that evil, dangerous religious views are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who do not know the Christian faith, it goes against everything Jesus taught, and when Jesus was supposed to be at this club, "" It will not imitate them. Instead, he would punish them as He did the Pharisee of His time and money tipping hoppers telethons them as He did to the synagogue at the time. All I can say is, thank God, that Pat had no chance to become president; if he did, he would be a harbinger of Armageddon - and not on the side of the good guys.
