I do not believe that's ever been more evil or bad television program aired in the United States, 700 clubs. Today they are equivalent to the Ku Klux Klan of the 20th century. Their hatred of all that is good and sweet, and the man, and clean beyond all ability to understand. Their daily constant attacks on millions and millions of Americans and billions of people around the world who do not happen to share their fanatical, brutal, monstrous, and utterly mad eyes of humanity for something television had ever seen. They spout lies and ridiculous lies they try to pass off as truth, such as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil" is so absurd that they actually seem to be mentally ill, so they have lost in their fantasies. Sane people know that religion is a drug and should not afford to get used to this type of fantasy. However, the 700 Club in a class by itself. They are really a cult. Although I believe in freedom of speech, they are spreading hatred, lies, misinformation, and such fantastic ideas beyond all boundaries. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association finally take up the study of those people who deceive themselves in this way, people who allow themselves to sink so deeply into the fantasy land of religion, that they no longer have any real conception of reality in general, treatment of those affected is imperative in the country, as many people have completely lost their minds fantasy religion. 700 Club, though, it is even more terrible, as it rises to the legal definition of "cult", but because of the enormous wealth of 700 club (puffed each day of the millions of Americans trapped in their false pressures) they are above the law in this country, for those of you who have seen the movie "The Matrix," you know that the movie was a metaphor for the religions of the world: the evil, who are at the top of each of the religions that deplete those who are trapped and severely scolded for their own selfish ends, and the millions who are held in the sleep of death, and slowly drained their ytstsovay forces are those many people who belong to religions and who have lost all ability to perceive what is really going on around them. <br /> <br /> less civil times, good townsfolk would run such monsters as those associated with the 700 clubs of the city with torches and pitchforks. But in today's world where people have lost all choice in their selection of television, which seems to them, we have no way to get rid of 700 Club plague. <br /> <br /> The TV ratings and «V» chip on the TV must also be rated under the name «R» for religion, so that smart people and interested parents could easily escape the vile is intelligent and cruel emotional abuse such as represented by the 700 clubs every day across the country, from themselves and their children.
