Many years have passed since Don Wilson used his martial arts expertise to pull off a robot that was programmed to destroy it, he is married to the blonde reporter (Stacy Foster), who led the rebellion in the first film, and now a new conspiracy in which Double involves droids that frame our two heroes, and the corporation seeks to rule the world (There is no plot to keep it all up) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual repetition of the first film. I admit that I bought a DVD-disks from bunker transactions that have been made by the PM, the PM has been a company specializing in action click of cheap-jack (as), who had tons of explosion, a little history and general nothing but mean-cut action. Some of these names were (to put it mildly) nice (Last Man Standing and sweeping) but Cyber ​​Tracker 2 stuck casting Charisma less Don Wilson. When comparing characters such efforts PM Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell Oscar nominees are compared with Don Wilson. Another telling sign is that it was directed by Richard Pepin, who has none of the sense of smell Joseph Merhi, it seems, is in the processing of a sequence of actions, which feel much more of their budgets. Then again, though St. Thomas and Wincott, probably more expensive to obtain. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 rip off with the R of the Capitol, there are so many interceptions of the best films (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier to equalize Halloween III!), It's almost as if Richard Pepin is trying to instill a sense of identity to the pedestrian material even without intellectual ideas or at least a large zipper meaningless action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls flat. There is literally not a good idea, entirely borrowed from the best film and the supporting cast replay. The only exception comes from Tony Burton, which is miles better than the material. Stacey Foster also looks like it could be better, much better material. However, the Cyber ​​Tracker 2 comes off mostly as a noisy, soft and dull as her leading man, but without any real sequences of martial arts, to go back, everything is there, there are many vehicles rollover, and that alone is not a substitute for bankruptcy desire expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 with 4- (poor)
