When they killed the character of John Amos, they killed the show. He was an important part of the information structure. You had a history of fighting inner city family to do it the best way they knew how. They were poor, they were black and they were living proof that if you have Jesus and his family, nothing is too difficult. Of course, James would have lost his job, and JJ will fail in school, but the family always managed to find a way. <br /> <br /> James had a strong male role model, which earned revenues and disciplined children. Florida was a strong lady, who would all, including James, when he needed a shoulder to cry on or a hug to make it. The children were the personality and contribution that made them important as a family unit. Willona their neighbor is also a key element, since it represented not only one, but some rather expensive to be a family. Everything was bright, rough, funny, and honest, as long as they did not change the course of the program. James dies and JJ took over the show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still my mother, Thelma was thriving in Lady and Michael was still belligerent dwarf, but JJ was a show. We must believe that without the father's family, or the visible bread winner had to be able to stay in the apartment. I believe that salaries James did not do much for the family. They were threatened with eviction just because they said that moves and not because no one in the house was not working. I know that JJ, Flo, even Thelma and Michael finally got a job, but let there be for real. James worked so much that you could feel for him, but others were not realistic at all, and that's a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ was a comic, but I felt that the show needed substance. It's okay to be funny, but they had a chance to show a real family, and what it took to survive in the real world, and they threw it all away for a few laughs. Michael's character has almost disappeared while the rest of the cast slipped into the shadows show JJ Evan. I mean, in fact, there was a guy who was a failure at school, he continued to receive sacks, and he wrote for the money about two episodes. James was always there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not seem to care. <br /> <br /> Why did it take him so long to realize that the picture was what he had to do? He could sell the painting on the street or working for people who print billboards and card. (He did, but something went wrong with that.) Why did he not do it, and why others abandon their dreams? I'll tell you why it happened because they did not have a father in their lives, to take care and to cheer them and their mother stopped them to support their dreams. Shaw stopped teach us about growing up, construction and education and started teaching us tricks and catch phrase. They have kept James. If any show needs a father it was that one.
