What we have here is a classic case of too much patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country with a very small (close, not even) the history of cinema. Every time someone comes up with a few more ambitious film project ?? apart from the usual drama of the struggling family farmers or long feature film slapstick comedians local ?? everyone feels obliged to love him, and even the responsibility to spread the positive reviews across the border in these countries. This is especially the case when the author / director of this particular movie is already beloved nation, because he is also the founder and lead singer of the popular rock band. "Any way the wind blows" in any case not a bad film, but it is definitely overpriced (if it is possible, even within a small country) and has absolutely nothing new or even remotely original to offer. It is basically a Flemish version of classic films such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia" and illustrates the mosaic of characters, daily life initially appear to be unrelated, but eventually come together in the end. The only thing that seems to unite the eight main characters in the first is the city of Antwerp, where they live and work, but gradually a deeper relationship between the two becomes transparent and close to the climax of all they are going to a party. The main problem with "any impact Path winds", at least according to your truth, lies with the characters. They really are random, boring and honestly nothing that could be considered a normal does not feel. It was supposedly going to writer / director Tom Barman reflect an average and regular resident of Antwerp, but then, seriously, the point? One of the characters is fired from his film projectionist work, another failed writer is struggling with the crisis of marriage, two siblings had recently lost his father, and the most "mysterious" one of them are accompanied by wind, wherever he goes. There are a few more characters to regularly go through the screen, but they are even less worth mentioning. These people are just nonsense and about the very random topics (for example, life in the 80s, and the date each other bowel movements), and the philosophy of the questions no one cares about. Some of the dialog boxes do cause light laughter, especially the interaction between the two twenty-something guys from Ghent, but still nothing unusual or even memorable. The film actually works best as Video tourists, to promote the city of Antwerp, and both advanced and versatile musical documentary. There are several stylish and elegant overview pictures of Antwerp and there is always beautiful music playing really loud or subtly in the background. Generally speaking, «Any Way Wind Blows" is a well-chosen and stylish effort but too mundane and a little sad, and I sincerely wonder most of their supporters even bother to see if it was not the Flemish production.
