This movie was gusty, inconsistent and unnatural. He was also a very cowardly way women. I shoot, because it was seen as a comedy (it's a stretch), so that the cover said Andi McDowell storm it worked. She was not. I Goals I watched this movie with two guys, and we spent an hour after exclaiming over how bad it was <br /> <br /> NOTE :. Plot Summary below! Rampant SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rather hackneyed story about an old woman who takes a young man with severe disapproval of her two girlfriends jealous lonely. They want her to marry a sad boy his own age who, apparently, she had fallen in love. But she was so happy with her hyper puppy that you are the introduction for them to stick to it, and of course, she decides to marry the guy. But her harpy girlfriend, based on a fuzzy one, sets the plot to deceive our heroine, thinking that the guy is cheating on her. It works. It is a struggle with him, he runs away from home and crushed by a truck (Remember the name of the movie?) So now he is dead, two thirds of the way through the film. And though our heroine school headmistress, who spends his time watching the girl, she apparently forgot to use birth control and pregnancy. <br /> <br /> She has severed ties with her friends, because they were so unfavorable. A helpless, she decides to marry a boring guy. I have already said that the unfortunate man, who was supposed to love her is the minister? She asked him to marry her to a young guy (nice, huh?), But now she tells him that she married him, and apparently it has no objection dicked around in this way. But her friend to save her at the altar and take her home, where they do not fully recognize that they were primarily responsible for the love of his life getting smushed. She has a child. In the final scene, they leave him in the crib in their homes when they go out on the porch to drink, smoke and be complacent. I'm not kidding, it's so bad. I left part of the cancer red-herring and funny lesbian moment in harpies.
