I almost did not come out, but I paid my money, and my nearly-as-execrable friend wanted to stay. After submits, wide-open eyes of innocence of the "New Hope" and the spectacular complexity of "The Empire Strikes Back," I remember waiting for "Return of the Jedi" with an almost sick anticipation. But since the opening scene of this offensive commercial wastewater, I was very disappointed and angry with Lucas. He had to be ashamed of yourself, but it is an abomination, no doubt, proves that he is not the subatomic particles of shame in his cold, greedy heart. Episode I would have continued to reinforce this fact - Your Honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please, give out sick bags of the first members of the jury) <br /> <br /> With the initial rise of the gate at Jabba. den, the "film" was nothing more than a two-plus-hour advertising, as many licensed, profitable figures Lucas could cram into it - twisted, as a security guard, the mess of flesh pigtails toady that dastardly Muppet favorite Jabba, new and revised figures of cabaret, monsters, etc., etc., ad vomitum. Then there were detestably cute and liquid Ewoks. Pile on top of that all the rebels of the alliance of aliens. Fifteen seconds each on the screen (or less) and the kids just GOTTA have one for their collection. Open, operational financial baiting sickly children <br /> <br /> Lucas did not even bother to come up with a new plot. - he just exhumed the Death Star from "A New Hope" and issued a boatload of cheap sentiment. What a terrible slap in the face to his supporters. I can not get rid of the notion that Lucas took a perverse pleasure in the infliction of this dreck to his fans: "I have these lemmings caught so bad that I can turn the worst piece of stinking, rotting garbage that I could dream up, and they go in the theater, to scarf it. In addition, all the kids are whining and tortured his father, until they do not buy the kids a complete collection of figures every single random undeveloped, cartoon caricatures, I stuffed and I get cut from each other. This will make me even more filthy rich. " <br /> <br /> There may have been negligible, partial handful of redeeming moments in this unfortunate plagiarism. I seem to recall that Harrison Ford has managed to keep his nose if above the surface of the cloaca. But no matter how tiny some bright spots can be massively destroyed by the advent of commercialism that Lucas is so sparingly embraced in the general notice on the absolute profit.
