Freddy Dead: The Final Nightmare begins as a dream demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves teen (Sean Greenblatt) on the outskirts of Springwood's no memory of himself, who he is and why he is there. Local police pick him up and take him to a youth center where the child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) interview him, she finds a newspaper clipping in his pocket, which conducts two on Elm Street in Springwood, where they discover that the children do not They live there and so no victims for Freddy did not kill. All turns out that this is an elaborate plan for Freddie to find his daughter, and use it to escape Springwood. If Maggie realizes that Freddy to her and some children decide that they need to kill Freddy once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Director Talal this was done with the aim to be the ultimate nightmare on Elm Street movie, which until now has reached five, of course, as any fan of horror movie understands that there is still money to be made from the franchise or symbol, then there is no way in the dead of hell Freddy: the final nightmare was to be the last one, which of course well, it was not. A Nightmare on Elm Street series A franchise has diminishing returns, as films fell quality as the series progressed, until we got here and Freddy Dead: The Final Nightmare, which for my money is probably the worst of many of them. The film moves in sound and tempo is rarely sad, but it's so stupid, childish and feels like a live-action cartoon with some awful set of solid horror scenes that seem a million miles away from the anxiety and efficient early 80's the original Wes Craven . The sequence where Stoner Spencer trapped inside a video game, played by Freddie afraid for myself, but then we were treated to the boom of his body back to reality, jumping around the house from wall to wall and from floor to ceiling, are completely the most ridiculous thing I saw in the time, or perhaps early stage, when the child is John Doe falls from an aircraft on the ground as well as a cartoon character coyote Road Runner cartoons or absurd as Freddy threatening deaf Carlos with pins that he intends to fall to the floor, making a loud noise, or if it is in D shtse all kills him, scraping his knives on board. You can not take it seriously, and I just sat there not quite believing what I saw. When they finally try to kill Freddie hero is given a secret powerful special weapons, yes, the right pair of cardboard 3-D glasses! Character poor dialogue poor and the plot is confusing, it does not stick to the continuity and Elm Street in the whole film a bit of a mess, the best thing I can say about it is that it has quite a bit of unintended humor, and you can, of course, laugh over him. <br /> <br /> There's a basic tonal problems as he tries to be dark, scary and sinister yet so stupid and just looks funny at times, that any attempt at serious falls completely flat. There's not a lot of gore in this, there are some cut fingers, some scabies, someone falls on a bed of nails, and that's about it. Body count is extremely low here only three deaths. The last twenty or so minutes of the Dead Freddie: The Final Nightmare was actually shot in 3-D, although in the version that I saw presented in this part, as usual, so I can not comment on how well it does or does not work, but you can definitely see the pictures to be displayed in 3-D, that take advantage of this process. Special effects vary, some of them are pretty good actually while others are badly burned and makeup this time Freddie looks pretty sparse. <br /> <br /> This is, perhaps, had a budget of about $ 5000000 (it was the first weekend box- office take $ 12 million), and the film has some nice visual touches & tricks that make the thing feel even more cartoon, than it already is. Actions truly poor of the main findings, although there are a few surprising cameos including Tom Arnold and Rozanov, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper <br /> <br /> Dead Freddie :. The Final Nightmare, perhaps worst of all series, except for some unintentional laughter values ​​there is not much here to recommend or enjoy. Fans of the series will likely enjoy it and protect it, but for me it's about as far from the original classic shocker Wes Craven as it gets. Following the New-Nightmare (1994), who was trying to take Freddy Krueger & series in a new and different direction.
