In fact, they do not, but they are, of course, trying to come up with a special line that adequately summarizes how awful this entry in the series is actually. There were some things that might be good, but they basically outweigh their own transformation into a missed opportunity, and do not get me started badly. <br /> <br /> Missed opportunities are pretty obvious, but I'll summarize them here in case anyone cares. Anyone who has not seen the movie and would really give a toss-advised to stop reading at this point. First, and perhaps biggest, lost opportunity, was the site of a long-lost child, Freddie. Now, the extreme mental illness, of Freddy, suffering (and I would hasten to add that less than one percent of the mentally ill are a threat to other people, let alone to an extent) is hereditary, so why not in the chopper-type mystery that the character of Lisa Zane dream about Freddy murdering teenagers, but later we found that in fact it is doing the killing? It sounds like a good story idea for you? Obviously, it was above the heads of Talal and De Luca. <br /> <br /> Then there's a trip to Springfield, where all the teenage population has been destroyed, and the rest of the adults feel a kind of mass psychosis. Oddly enough, said the mass psychosis was actually depicted in a realistic and convincing, although it is quite a lot to do with the fact that we have never shown too much. We have just a quick visual cues massive loss of touch with reality that would stem from the grief of every teenager in town is dying for reasons that do not depend on their understanding and control. The main problem with this plot element, however, is that the town is abandoned too quickly, and without any real answers. This collection of scenes would be much more horrible ten minutes say ... sane citizen, explained that visitors why fair Springfield looks like a horror show. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror never noted for their character development, if they are not the kind of horror films of John Carpenter used to manage, but we must still, when the characters we know almost nothing death? At least, Wes Craven took the time to create your character in the original, and used a few cheap tricks to attract the audience that in a nutshell, this is probably the biggest problem with the dead Freddie :. He just did not try at all, let alone hard enough. <br /> <br /> On a related note, I feel sorry for Robert Englund, now that he has more or less closely related to the character of Freddy. He did not seem to figure much better productions (sci-fi miniseries "the V", for example), and forever remembered as "the man who played Freddy ~ d» sells its relatively short. It seems that he will never break the mold of horror films at the moment. As for the rest of the cast, well, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deserve to be continuously printed as little more than a B-grade horror props. Even Jafet Kotto not avoid this one whole, as his character is one of the children written in the history of B-movies. <br /> <br /> In general, Dead Freddie gets 1 out of me. I voted to lower, but IMDb does not allow this. FD is really a testament to how the writer's inability to use the concept of fully can spoil not only the movie, but the whole franchise.
