* May contain spoilers * A few weeks after I originally wrote a review for Hood of the Living Dead, I realized that may have been too harsh on this film. That's why I decided that I would do what I have never done before. Review of the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still believe that this dreck, and I still think zombies Sun look all that zombie-ish. The story in the film is still, in my opinion, is quite weak and inaccurate. The story about a guy named Rick, who works as a scientist (who just happens to work on serum thing that heals the sick cells in animals) and his brother Jermaine, the two are not exactly on the best terms (my, my, original plot point) and many argue. Once Germaine removed in driving past, and Rick calls his friend the scientist bring serum to try to revive Germaine (while most people already called 911, but no matter), of course, the serum can not be, and Germain 'dies' ( if it did not, there would have been had no film), after the police and the coroner (until the end of time, I still think that maybe the paramedics had to show up) to leave the scene shows the coroner van (which I still then I consider just what van with "Coroner" on stucco, abandoned on the side), and Germaine comes back to life to attack and kill the nurse. I like to talk about the story more, but I feel that if I reveal more about the history you would not want to watch it (and we did not want to that now would we?), but suffice to say that the story (in my opinion at least) winds and relatively slow moving (pun not intended). As I said earlier in my zombie review did not look all that well just like a zombie, I still think they look like they have been in a bar fight. This does not mean that they must all be decomposed and whatnot, but it should at least be bite marks on the victims. Also, I still do not like the fact that the director (s) to constantly switch the pace at which the zombies move. They could not really seem to decide whether or not to have to flee or to drag the zombies (like most movies about zombies), do not get me wrong, I'm all for running a zombie, but to solve the people. In one scene the zombies running towards life, and in the second he just Shambles them. And sometimes they just do not seem plausible (yes, I know, their fictitious creatures, but still), I, of course, referring to the zombie who passes his hand on the wall, as if he walked through the dark living room, and I now don "t like zombies, lying on the ground, gets shot, then jerking, as if he had just shot. The sound of the film also bothers me, basically, the music that while it may have just been my copy of the film, it seemed, to a large extent does not exist. Music in the film important people. Especially if the sound editing sounds like a filmmaker simply took a video camera and shot a few friends zombie flick. Act is still hideous (in my opinion), and is on par with the American "actors" from the Japanese zombie movie Junk. The film is still bad, most House of the Dead is bad, it is better, no doubt about it, but then again, that's not saying much. It's not the worst movie there, and it's better than a lot of direct to video movies that are out there, but it was not the end of the day well. I also think the movie really moves very slowly, despite the fact that this is just an hour and twenty minutes or so (and yes, I still do not like me, the opening song). This type of film I think is well suited for the premiere of the network Sci-Fi. That's why I have to give it a fiasco in the film one of the ten. But think of it this way, at least, it is not negative.
