The Director Vivah Soorazha Barzhatya, a 20-something Delhi boy Shahid Kapoor feels over us in humble, small town girl, his father chose for him to marry. Drawn to her innocence and simplicity, Shahid agrees to the marriage just moments after he met her at her home in Madhupur, and the young lady in question Amrita Rao seems to be just fighting her magic fans. The marriage is fixed for six months, and a couple of turns in the first sufferings of the young, promising love, their geographical distance notwithstanding. But the Amrita, who was raised by her aunt and uncle after her parents died, struck by a terrible disaster in just a few hours prior to the marriage. And then, it's up to Shahid to play an honorable lover i take it unconditionally.Much in the same spirit as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and do us part, in a new film Barjatya Vivah is also on the same level as the family drama with an extremely idealistic premise. But, unfortunately, the plot of the new film comes off looking too out of date, even more far-fetched than those regressive soaps Ekta Kapoor. And the problem is clear ?? you just can not relate to such a squeaky clean character, not having one bad bone in their body. There are many things that work for the benefit and against Hindi films, and the choice of time is one such important factor. Twenty-five years ago, maybe, Vivah story is not felt such a stretch, but now it just seems like a product of the mind lingered in a time warp. Perhaps the only saving grace of the film is that it exudes sincerity from start to finish, you can make a right, that the intention of the director can not be fooled. Judging from both the previous film Barjatya and carefully considering this new one can safely say that Barjatya believe in a perfect world, he believes that he is good-as-gold characters, he believes that large families can live together happily under one roof without the slightest bumps.But Unfortunately, he was unable to translate his vision to the screen. It's hard not to notice how one-dimensional his protagonists ?? Shahid and Amrita as a virtuous and chaste ?? I mean, think about it, the first time they held hands for an hour and twenty minutes into the film. Barjatya may think that he is returning to his roots I loved with Vivah, but truth is that the reason we took Salman and Bhagyashree in this movie, or even Salman and Madhurte in Hum Hain Aapke Koun because they had such fantastic chemistry. Because, even though they were created with the same shape as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these couples were ungodliness and Masti. Shahid and Amrita simply fresh and boring.For film belongs so much to the music to tell their story, director chooses a string of tunes 70s style that only further weaken necrosis film tempo. But if I had to choose only one reason to explain why Vivah not work for me, it's because I'm not sure what can be any of the characters that inhabit Barjatya history. For some, perhaps, Vivah will hope that a perfect world as it really is in there somewhere. But I'm a bit cynical, I think. So, let me coquettish Madhuri with Hum Hain Aapke Kaun, give me a bratty Salman I loved, I even believe that the mischievous KARISMA Kapoor of us do part. But save me from these fools. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. This song Vivah!
