If this film was not made by the famous French director Louis Malle, I probably would have turned it off after the first 15 minutes as it was incredibly boring to look at the ordinary American town in the Midwest in 1979. This is not exactly my idea of ​​a fun theme and frames of a movie was like a collection of home videos. Given that I do not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> Because it was rather dull piece of lifestyle documentary, I wondered, watching what was the message they were trying to convey? Perhaps it was the fact that the value is not as conservative as you might think - this was the main message through many of the vignettes (such as the Republicans, whose son was resistance to the project, as well as a man and a woman who thought sex outside of marriage it was just perfect). Or, perhaps, the point is that there were a lot of fanaticism, which is the basis of beautiful hometown -. Several ugly ideas, such as blaming Jews in the financial conspiracy against Black bigotry and homophobia were all briefly explored <br /> <br /> a small town in 1979 has been studied in great depth and an idyllic view of the world was drawing, but when the filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was depressed due to President Reagan. It seemed to be very disingenuous for several reasons. In the first part of 1979 was almost 90% of the film and the final 10% consisted of only a few interviews of people who blame the president for almost everything except the window. And what about the rest of the people of this city? Are they all see Reagan as evil or that their life has become more negative? Only a few upgrades, it seemed suspicious. Secondly, while it is true that the national debt doubled in the following years, as the gross national product. And, while Mal shows 1979 as a very optimistic time, he was far from being in the period from 1974-1980 signs of many shortcomings (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and a general malaise. Although I am not a big fan of Reagan, because the government will not be slow growth during his reign, in the country as a whole, was much more optimistic than it was in the Ford and Carter years. While many in the media demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 80s), the economy has improved significantly and the documentary seems to be too one-sided and agenda driven. If the documentary gave a more complete coverage of 1985 and did not seem too negative to be believed (in the end, it was not their lives even worse - it is contrary to common sense), I would have thought otherwise <br. /> <br /> as a whole, not excellent documentaries, some of them declared to be - from the dull film in 1979 is extremely slanted opinion on 1985. <br /> <br /> By the way, it's just me, making a film drop dead GORGEOUS, it seems to have been inspired, at least in part, for this film? Both are located in these communities, but the last film was hilarious mockumentary all without serious implications.
