The premise and the subject of making a criminal to understand that his victim has gone through taking his family hostage sound promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part, which is also seen 20 years ago with a rather sophistication Ravi Tandon director in his film «Jawab" (1985), too. The problem here Ace director Rajkumar Santoshi was in some confusion as to whether to make it a fast paced action thriller ( namely KHAKEE) or emotion-rich super-powerful drama (viz. Damini), and this confusion is evident in the end. If we are going to ignore his two-Pukar (2000) and Laje (2001), this brilliant director always give us a pretty exciting movies highly entertaining to shtovnastsyu. Therefore, this film comes as a surprise as to what made this script ?? sensitive director would be immature characteristics of both his protagonists- Amitabh Bachchan and Ahriman. in the film becomes greater, the audience does not know whom to hate and whom to empathize, and this is a major limiting factor in the full force of the narrative. Therefore, what begins as a war between the common man and the underworld don ends as trange note of self-realization and regret of Don about what went wrong with his own family. Revelation of the son of Don, as a true villain does not come as a surprise element in the climax, which, when compared with a similar situation in «Khakee» worked so effective with Aishwarya in nature. That's not all, there is to it. All dramatization life underworld Don, working from abroad looks illogical. it is open land on Mumbai, where he is suppose to be hidden and run after your enemies, and shooting them himself does not seem plausible. pitching mediocre, aspiring actor like Ahriman in front of Mr. Bachchan again not a good idea. But, nevertheless, the film has several advantages. camera work fine Ashok Mehta, two good fight sequence (coordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), some light is well acted scenes Akshay Kumar in half Ist, Santoshi's fast-paced spot of treatment and, of course, Mr. Bachchan, as usual, has struggled to put some life into his lifeless character. But all of them together make this an exciting viewing experience Fo r you and your family!
