I have not seen this movie in a while, so I'm afraid that I can not be very specific about the details ... It really had some interesting moments. Trying to Bakshi an animated adaptation of Tolkien's masterpiece J.R.R was a very ambitious project so ambitious that he went bankrupt at some point in the production process. Therefore, it is not only to stop suddenly somewhere in the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a hint of a shadow come over, they never did), the film itself seems less than finished. It seems that some of the characters were animated while others have been removed, but whether or not it is intentional is hard to say. All this seems poorly made and canceled, especially orc and Nazgul. Another problem, of course, the huge gaps in the story. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this film, and he once hoped to squeeze the book and half in just over two hours (the new trilogy, Peter Jackson makes it about twice the time.) In the distance were left too many important bits (and I I do not belong only to Tom Bombadil, who, I think, was lovely in the book, but will look ridiculous in the movie.) and, of course, the finale, which is completely unexpected and absurd. I'm not even sure if Bakshi originally intended to complete the film there, or if he had no idea where he was going to finish it. <br /> <br /> characters ... well, most of them were in order, the hobbits do not look so bad (for gay Sam, with the exception of. Did you know that the producers of the new trilogy originally wanted to make Sam a woman, so that is the female main character?) If you are a fanatic of Tolkien (like me), watch this movie (even though I doubt that buy. what special features include a DVD version is, anyway?) But to know in advance that you're not going to look real «Lord Of The Rings Movie», but not much more than a historical curiosity, which probably does not look much better, chi version of the '60s would have had the Beatles, performed with their plan (I actually think that psychedelic LOTR would be pretty cool. The idea was to throw George Gandalf, sex, Frodo, Ringo Sam and John, like Gollum.) If you have not read the book or do not like or do not like the cartoon does not want to see the unfinished film ... stay away.
