The opening scene of the film sets the pace for the entirety of his ninety minutes. Arrows are universal and common quality television movie. Snow drenched landscape is gorgeous, but the characters, performed with her have the same quality as look at pictures of the landscape, the overwhelming feeling that distance. Some of the editing of high enough quality and professional work of the veteran, the dialogue, however, is awkward and artificial, which has little to do with "real" conversations at all, it would seem. Any emotional understanding is biased in favor of the battle, which, of course, the way in which everyone shows their true feelings. The action takes place slowly and crushing, the overall feeling is one of the one-drop of cold water over his head, but so slowly that you do not notice, but in the end you feel miserable and a bit sorry for myself for having got into this strange situation. <, Br /> <br /> mix of genres that appears Fessenden tried to use; psychological thriller, horror and family drama, though laudable suffers from a serious lack of voltage and interesting meetings. The way in which the husband, wife and child a trio of interacting particularly unrealistic. Topics family relationships played out in an atmosphere pursues been covered countless times before far superior films instant example that shining (1980). Family unit here rend harmless troubles that are difficult to understand or sympathize, given the relative uncertainty of the scenario. <br /> <br /> family unit is unlikely to have passed throughout the film, Fessenden downplays possibility thriller narrative in favor of the family drama slow for most of the time work. "Stalker» Otis figure has some obvious motives of his conduct and, in spite of, perhaps the most interesting and well-acted character is still very weak. The main characters of the empty husks of people, it was very difficult to touch, their relationship with each other to be especially deprived of any emotions or feelings. While ignorance of Eric Young Adult Sullivan on his father's part of the story is clear, of course, any reasonable person would question his son, if he seems to be talking to someone who seemingly does not exist? People can take this film as an intellectual because of its relative lack of traditional aspects with regard to creatures based on horror movies, but this film fails to respect what genre you like to classify it. You can read the deep psychological significance in every minute detail is nothing if you should so wish, but I think people would be better on the analysis of the carpet for a deep emotional meaning and not the idle sub-human creatures.
