Just in time to cash in on the highly anticipated film version of «Dreamgirls» is a DVD-release of the semi-trailer forgotten 1976 musical melodrama, which also receives the elevation Supremes as his inspiration. Released five years before the opening of Broadway «Dreamgirls» and partially installed in the same period, it has a predominantly black color and a story revolving around a promising girl group, and that's where the similarities mostly end there. Author: Joel Schumacher, long before he became the director of a big league studio main product ( "Batman Forever," "Phantom of the Opera"), this film seems grittier surface. True to form, however, Schumacher weakens the development of plot and character, introducing an abundance of clichés and eye-rolling single line. With little affinity for staging musical numbers, Sam O'Steen, highly acclaimed film editor, but a neophyte director, Helms production as a low-budget TV movie with disappointingly episodic structure. <br /> <br /> The story follows three Harlem sisters - sexy sister, Delores smug and sweet sparkle - they sing in the choir, there are a smooth-talking, but well-intentioned boys Stix and Leviticus, and then find their first taste of success as singing group - first as a sweater to wear a quintet called the heart, and then as a delectable trio known as the sister and sister. But, of course, there are problems beyond the silly name for a group - sister is involved with a bad drug dealer Satin Struthers, who gets it and turns it into a cocaine addict; Levi go to jail for drug gets into the pickup for satin; Stix gets frustrated by setbacks and forget about turning into some Jewish gangsters for financial assistance; Delores just gets fed normal; and the poor little spark has to decide what kind of future she wants. A big plus is that the R & B great Curtis Mayfield wrote atmospheric songs, some catchy and one, «Look Into Your Heart», a real winner. <br /> <br /> The solid cast does everything under false circumstances. valiant attempt Lonett McKee to make sister tragic figure undercut by some of the clumsy plot moves, including boring Billie Holiday-like turn on the microphone. Before you hit it big on prime TV, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood draw Stix and Levi with a boyish vitality, if not a lot of confidence. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively quiet stage as the patient's mother and the girls at the "Fame" Irene Cara, who easily exudes sincerity in the lead role (although her costume designer and hair stylist to be executed for the heinous sight it reaches the final stage). DVD only comes with the original theatrical trailer, complete with an unctuous voice overs DJ Casey Kasem and bonus CD of five songs of the film takes place is not the original cast but Aretha Franklin with her 1976 soundtrack recording. It's not a terrible movie, just wondering if there is no Curio, that's going to cover the same ground as «Dreamgirls».
