Are you familiar with the concept of children's artwork? Although it is not the biggest Picasso any three-year-old is never reached with the fingers, you encourage them to do more. If the picture that makes them happy, there should be no reason why the father should be considered that the return of a child. As a rule, if the child likes to draw and paint, you will immediately see the foundation of their future style. You will begin to see their true form in these very primitive scribbles. Well, the concept of children's art, how I felt about frustratingly cheap and uncreative film adaptations in Fukui. While all accounts it was a terrible film, it was impressive to see Fukui style begin to appear through even messiest moments. If you've seen any day of training or King Arthur, you'll be amazed with the birth of this director in his second film Bait. While Foxx gives an eerie, uninhibited performance, there are certain scenes that define Fukui and showing his brilliance behind the camera. Unfortunately, he only appeared in the final thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus only on those scenes, you will understand why so much is the name of Fukui in «Best Of ??» movie listings. <br /> <br /> I will never agree with someone that Fukui eye behind the camera is a refreshing and unique. His ability to put the camera in strange places, to convey the simple emotions of shock. I'm surprised that more Hollywood did not jump on board this bandwagon. Even stupid particular lure, you witness the greatness of Fukui. Two scenes that come immediately to mind explosion scene closer to the middle of the film and horses scene close to the end. In both of these scenes I saw the director Fuqua at work. Unfortunately, the rest of the film, all I saw was a combination of nearly every action movie created. Cute character down on his luck that suddenly finds his life turned some unknown force of a classical structure, which should just die in Hollywood. We have seen this often two, and no matter who you are (if you're not Charlie Kaufman), you can not re-create the circle. It is simply impossible with this genre, and it proved a lure. I was annoyed with Fukui to just sit back and let this happen, that might explain why it took me three reads to finish this film. I'm just tired of the structure, and while I was hoping that would revise Fukui him, he did not. <br /> <br /> was then acting. While Jamie Foxx never impressed me as an actor, I was willing to give this car Helmed try. I wanted to see if he could take another dramatic role similar to Security. I was under the impression that, perhaps, it was the film selected to show producers that Foxx could handle the role in the pledge. Again, I was disappointed. Foxx annoying. Not in the sense that it was so that his character was supposed to be, but in the sense that he felt as if no Fukui or Foxx took the time to fully educate Fox that should be classified-libed and that should be used to further the plot. Instead, we are crushed with the scene on the stage Foxx was just trying to make the audience laugh. The addition of a second long, jokes and expressions of culture just keep it understanding the audience that he was a comedian first supporting actor. Fuqua had to stop it immediately. Fox jokes ruined his character, which, in turn, left me nothing solid grasp ahold of. Instead of character development, it is a joke. Neither style of work, not a joke, it was not funny. The rest of the cast was average. By this I mean, I've seen them all in similar roles. They were not brining anything new to the table, nothing solid to history, and nothing significant to the overall themes of the film. They were pawns to fill the dead air space. Fukui had no control over this mess, and the final verdict only supports this accusation. <br /> <br /> In general, it was a boring film. In the absence of creativity in the field of vision and uncontrolled actors just trying to outshine itself, what originally started as a decent history eventually sunk rather cinematic swimmer. Foxx annoying without character lines, and a full package of cheese. In each scene, I did not see any emotion, and if emotion was needed to convey the message, he decided to take his shirt off, and do not address the issues. Are my words harsh? I do not think so. When watching any movie you want to see some creativity, some edible symbols and themes that seem to hit close to home. The bait does not contain any of them. While I will give some credit Fukui to two scenes in this movie, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. Apparently, I took the bait, renting this film, but now seeing it, I hope I can stop others from taking this curious fish <br /> <br /> Grade :. ** to ***** (two scenes for him, which was fun to watch)
