666: The child begins as the plane crashes, the only survivor of Flight 666 was a young boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart), adopted by news reporter by Erika (Sarah Lieving) and her cameraman husband Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) after they covered the incident to 6 news channel. At first Donald seems like any normal child, but death seems to follow him around, after a warning from the nun and vicar Scott begins to believe that Donald is evil and the cause of all the deaths ... <br /> <br /> This straight-to-DVD horror film directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson and one has to say 666: The child is really rich. Every time I see, The Asylum is responsible for the film, I'm worried, I'm worried, because their track terrible. They seem to specialize in the creation and / or dissemination of low-budget horror films that tend to rip-off some of the recent successful big budget horror film in the case of 666: The child does not need a degree in rocket science to understand that it is a complete rip-off to cash in on the recent the Omen (2006) ,, which was released in the same year. The script by Benjamin Henry Austin and Laurel scared and simply can not match the ambitions of the equivalent of Hollywood, I mean just what it is that makes Donald Antichrist expect to achieve a middle-class family in a small town? This is hardly a good starting point to trigger the destruction of the world is melting? Each sign 666: A child some form of the main character of The Omen, adopted parents, the priest who tries to warn & sinister nanny. There's a real shortage of incident, their blood is difficult and the plot leaves much to be desired. I mean Donald kills the dentist because they have tried to fix his teeth just at random, and the very fact that they were all disgusting picture of Donald Stripping all about, where is the nurse came with & there's just nothing that ties it all together and it's just incoherent mess that just gets very boring very quickly. Links to the number 6 also becomes irritable and very unsubtle. <br /> <br /> Director Perez does well, I believe that it is legitimate, if nothing else. There is almost no blood or blood, have some blood spatter, cut out and someone gets a circular saw stuck in their face, but it sounds much better than it looks on the screen. This, of course, is not terrible, no atmosphere thanks to soft thoroughly modern environment in a country house, and there is no stress, because we never know that Donald is trying to do, and there are no odds of any threat from him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good, it is fairly well done, but as the actual movie is so bad, it makes little difference. Act is not so great, but at the same time, I've seen worse <br /> <br /> 666 :. Poor child Mans Omen plagiarism, I soon see either the original or the remake over this any day of the week. Not good and definitely not recommended. Following the continuation of the 666: The Beast (2007), which also went straight to DVD.
