WATERDANCE (+1991) The protagonist of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, get into rehab with some other similar injuries. And he must face a harsh new life in a wheelchair. It is interesting and promising premise, but unfortunately, it does not expand. What it follows, instead of mostly Hollywood schmaltz, with some interesting moments. Of course, the cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, etc.) is brilliant, and work well here, as one would expect, but their talents are wasted. Symbols in the main stereotypes of one sort or another, and most of them thoroughly unsympathetic (Snipes character is an exception). I believe that this is a kind of attempt to break through people's perceptions of what disabled people being "crippled" or "weak" by painting them, for the most part, as well as in-your-face shots, but it makes for a very annoying experience, However, he show you something that those with permanent disabilities to pass, thus entirely softened and idealized, it is useful, and a good idea, but while the imaging process can make a difficult person to get along with and that should the case, it is not an integral part to the fact that the floor s characters must be in one degree or another, meanly. They would not have to be Disneyfied, either; Of course, there is a happy medium somewhere. Upon completion of the film, Eric Stoltz character came to accept his status as a disabled person, but because it is such that we can not narcissists flaming monster movie from the beginning to the end, care less. <br /> <br /> In the annex to the nature of the problems, the film suffers from this strange syndrome that so many Hollywood films suffer; syndrome does not really have an official name, but you could call it "syndrome Unexplained Forgiveness." It goes like this: the characters are abusing the crap out of each other, and then, not so much as forgiveness, all is forgiven (particularly nasty example of this in the film The Breakfast Club, in which one character spends much of the film verbally intimidate everyone within earshot to bringing ?? they love it in one of the last examples of spider-Man 3, supervillain Tan lays waste a piece of Manhattan, then yells at Spiderman for what seems to be about 15 minutes of monotonous. before being brushed with what amounts to "goodbye now"). The most abura flax example CSF Waterdance is a sequence in which, after being called the n-word for racist biker William Forsythe and his friends in the previous scene, the character of Wesley Snipes it shouts with the same character Forsythe in the next scene as if nothing had happened, only for a short time in this way. Again, not so much as, "Oh, yes, it is a pity that the business where I am, you know, called you the n-word." It makes me wonder question, these people actually watch those movies before they release them, or are they about hundred and shoot them with your eyes closed, like a slap them together in the editing room, in accordance with the scene number, and call it a day job?
