Stifler, finish his naked mile and now goes to the hostel. Crazy things happen, people running around naked and botanists ridicule in this series and is dead in the water. Naked Mile movie was crap, but I found it much better than a group camp. It seems they are back to what does not work for them, and it shows that they do not care. You can tell where the target audience, and they nailed it perfectly. Young teenage boys who would like to see the naked woman, crude humor and drink beer will love the hostel, everyone else can pretty much turn away. <br /> <br /> Star Wars became a massive success, which shocked the audience is ahead of its time special effects. Lord of the Rings has created the world of mythical creatures and massive battles that dazzled the eye. Matrix has changed the mode of action and were made science / fiction films, in particular, with a cutting edge special effects. With all the advancement in technology, we look forward to the next big thing that will have our jaws dropped to the floor. Then comes the American Pie Presents: Beta House, which pushes the boundaries of what technology can do. When people create spaceships, landscapes and creatures using CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create sperm. Yes, that creates life, that you see so many times in pornographic films are created and time slows down to show us the white residue to shoot across the room to a teddy bear. Is this funny? Disgusting? Neither? Beta House shows more nudity then the Naked Mile, which is surprising, given the name of the previous parts. You need to film it? Of course not, she would ever advance the plot, does it ever? Is there ever laugh? it ever a young man called you? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I'm the one who thinks it's too much nudity, then you might as well just make a porn. <br /> <br /> woman who catches the preferences of our protagonist is quite annoying and not a spectator, as previous girl did in this series, but I have never ever believe that the character will ever do, what it does. I am sure that every action of the characters in this film is far from realistic. Series American Pie fell to the realm of reality into a fantasy world. None of the events in this film will never happen if they ever did, I need to go to this school IMMEDIATELY. Suppose this film to make people feel that they have a good time? Well it is not, we are seeing them have a good time, by the end of the film we hate them for all the pleasure they experience. <br /> <br /> There is a "Deer Hunter" scene in the film, but to do it "ridiculous" for today's audience, they decided to replace the bullets wit horse sperm. You laughing yet? Rather than shoot himself with this semen in the head or face, they contain the gun in his mouth. You are on the floor laughing yet? The first time we meet a neighbor in Stifler's room, he is having sex with his girlfriend. You applause still in poverty? The film at first glance it seems that it will be about the boys who are trying to get into the frat house, but then goes to him for being in the frat house, but the need to perform specific tasks. Then he goes to the competition between botanists and boys. He goes a little "Revenge of the Nerds" on us a little bit, and it seems out of place. I honestly do not know what this film because it is everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most of the comedy seems forced shock value. Even at the very beginning with my dad showing his son a list of people he had sex with. A joke in there somewhere, I think it may be the fact that his wife is not a name in the list, or it may be that one friend's mother of his son was on the list. Either one, it does not work. <br /> <br /> I think that if you have not guessed yet, this movie is not funny. He did not seem to be focused, history and pathetic so-called crude humor that the series was known not shocking. Skip this lame party and any future as well. I do not know why I saw all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reason, they seem to have found their way to my eyes.
