... that Jamie Foxx ever put such a wonderful, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed with the performance of Fox's "Rays" because watching his unnatural, ugly, acting in films such as "bait" and «Booty Call» I'd never imagined he would never keep Oscar . When people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx was one day going to win an Oscar, I'd laugh right in their faces. Who knows? Maybe it is better to stick to the drama, because when you see the "bait", then it is clear that comedy is not his forte. I swear, Jamie mugs so much in this film, I'm surprised that his face does not fall off. And why should he do these silly voices at every opportunity he gets? Anyone who is familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Stephen Wright knows that comedy does not need to be loud and obnoxious. If the joke is funny, it's funny. If this is not funny, it makes some crazy accent is not going to make it any funnier. I have a problem with some comedian who decided to try acting in what they stand for getting laughs over being character. In real life, normal people do not always have a witty comments and jokes. Albert Brooks said in an interview, discussing his character in "Taxi Driver", it is very important to be funny as your character, and not to be funny as a comedian. A striking example of Jamie violates this rule is sickeningly awful scene where his mug shot taken, and he begins to pose for photos as a model. If ordinary people were thrown into prison, he really acts goofy, having his mug shot passed? And do not the police try to scold him when he was? There are many scenes like that throughout the film. Another terrible one sequence where Jamie could not help over the phone with the villain, and he begins to make a fake Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention Jamie seems to never recognize the time jokes. Providing comedic performance requires patience, while he goes straight to the pointe shoes, whether it is the right time for him or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie. In fact, this is the first time I was relieved when he appears on the screen. Epps has the same disadvantages when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a more low-key approach. One of the few bright spots in this clunker comedy David Morse, a very underrated actor mostly known for his supporting roles, like thieves. It seems that he is the only actor in the film, coupled with his grounding in reality. However, the guy 'Green Mile' star Doug Hutchison is more disgusting-the-top as the villain. Big surprise, considering he gave an excellent job in «The Green Mile" is also playing hard. Fukui has proven his chops in the direction of such films as «The Replacement Killers» and "Training Day." Even in the "bait", he shows that he can direct the action sequences hell. His only problem seems to be in discipline Jamie Foxx, who probably half an improvised script with one bad joke after another. If you are not a die-hard supporter of Fox, please do not take the bait.
