I can not believe we have seen the total piece of shit, but we did, and I feel obligated to warn others to avoid at all costs. If one of the main characters announce that he is gay twice within the first five minutes, do not ignore it, like a typical PC nonsense and realize that there should be better, because it will not. If it faggoty guy hanging all over him does not make you sick, then be thankful for a bastard, I wrote and / or directed the grossout somehow trying a little restraint. I mean, get real. It is one thing, because being gay character appears in the film in such closed time like these, but quite another to it constantly popping on the screen and examined up close and personal when the booklet clearly Flick, presumably about his mother looking for her kind of "closure" over the sudden death of her daughter. What is one thing you need to do on the other hand, might be tempted to ask? Apparently, these two issues are inextricably intertwined. And if that was not bad enough, there's the bearded lady in ice cream. I mean, seriously, the Sun that the poor woman had never heard of electrolysis? Why should she go like this? At the very least, how about a shave ugly contraption, and while you're at it, there are those terrible birthmarks removed, too. You have to slurp ice cream she just served you? I think not. It must be New Jersey thing. <br /> <br /> You might think that Diane Keaton can keep this part of Drek, but think again. Was she actually trying to put lipstick on a corpse? I do not even want to think about it. So, if the body had to be her own dead daughter. This grotesque excuse for a movie this slop from the word go, and that's all there is to it. One wants each of these characters just go out into the waves and just keep going. None of these people puff even remotely get sympathy for a moment. Believe me - to pass this piece of shit up. This is not about death, her mother, who inadvertently suffocated her daughter, or other much more controversial issues, it continues to raise no matter how little you want to hear. This distorted load of garbage to misinform and incompetent director.
