The plot of this film is so horrible confused, I put the spoiler warning, because I am not sure if I give anything away. The viewer first sees a man dressed in Jack the Ripper's killing of an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. Then we have a modern and young Australian couple looking for a home. We were given an incredibly long tour of the house, and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror. Some of the 105-year-old woman lived there. There is also a large iron bar, covering the walls in the den. Old-fashioned straight razor falls when they are renovation and husband keeps it. I believe that he is possessed by a razor because he begins to have strange dreams. Oh yeah, a couple can not have children because the husband is shooting blanks. <br /> <br /> Some forms seem to rise up the wall after a couple of takes off the iron bar and the form has a human form. At the end of the story there is a story about a large cache of money and my husband and colleague Bodyguard kills and steals money. His wife suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on ?? Who knows ?? NOTHING explained. There was a 105-year-old woman serial killer of the child? Sister? Why were iron shields to put on the wall? How would it save the serial killer that is found in the basement? It was closed there by his family and starvation, or simply not recognized? WHO is Mr. Hobbs, and why he was so desperate to get iron bar ?? He had never seen. Why does a serial killer killing people? We see only one old killed. if the sample was either a motive or something ?? Why his wife suddenly got pregnant? It's a demon spawn of a serial killer? Had he managed to get the sperm of her husband? And why, when my husband was able to subdue and kill the huge, burly security guard, he can not overcome his wife? And how powerful is the system voltage in Australia that would knock him across the room simply cut lightweight wire? And why his wife to stay at home? Whether it is now obsessed with a serial killer? Whether the child will be reincarnated as a killer? <br /> <br /> This film was so depressing I wanted to call his station PBS and ask for your money back! Just a nice aspect of the story was to see her husband runs only through his underpants on a lot of time, but even they could not redeem this confused, incoherent mess.
