German Jörg Buttgereit crazy, apparently has supporters - but I do not know why, and I'm not one of them! Buttgereit the only movie that I had seen before was Nekromantik and I hated every minute of it, but - surprisingly - this movie is even worse! King's death is meaningless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's worse than a movie because it is boring in a way that few films have ever failed (it is not far from The Blair Witch Project, seriously). Some people say that this film is "sick" and "shocking", but in fact it is not. The Director may be to make the point of death, but only he knows what it is. How someone can watch this movie and be anything other than totally bored with it is beyond me. The film revolves around the theme of suicide, and is worth the death of seven different people over a week. Yes, this means that we have a senseless and sad episode on Monday, senseless and sad episode for Tuesday, senseless and sad episode in the environment, etc. etc. This film manages to be even more boring than my average for the week! <br /> <br /> The King's death is visible, is the "art" film, although it seems to be a reference to the way that is not very makes sense, and not a reference to the film bearing no resemblance to the "art". Each segment of the film aims to tell a single story - but it is not so! We just get a quick little sketch on suicide, and it just makes you wonder what's wrong. The film feels like it should be deep, but there is a great big void where intelligence must be nothing to fill it. Buttgereit uses several images of flags; but I can hardly remember any of them more than a week or so, because this movie is just not that memorable. In the same shot with the participation of the body metabolizes the person who shows quite often, but it's boring pretty quickly, and all that you are left in the rest of the film, which is unfortunate. If I were to fight for the good things to say about this shit, all I can think of it; the name sounds cool. As I have said, Nekromantik is the only film that I've seen from this amateur filmmaker; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I'm really not in a hurry to look either. King's death is blunt film, without a point, and all who call it "art" is very much mistaken. Give it a miss.
