To avoid confusion, let me explain a couple of things: I'm not a red neck. I do not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am radical: Libertarian. I'm not a WASP, I was not even born in the United States. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges said that there are some people who do not feel poetry, and that these unfortunate people usually earn a living teaching poetry. This film was made for people who do not feel poetry, and to show off; and I dare say, by people and for people who have no sense of decency, or, for that matter, respect for the life and death of others (especially when the victims are believed to be mostly "bloody imperialists" were killed in Yankee soil.) I even find the original marketing idea of ​​the eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds and one frame as a particularly disgusting and repulsive. Simply awful. Why did not they appoint a budget how many dollars per episode, as people were brutally killed in the attack? The whole idea is somewhere between a stupid and unreasonable fascism. Any one who is serious about filmmaking (and seriously about life and death), must have angrily refused to participate in the recollection hints and non-sequitur. With two exceptions: Burkina Faso episode - almost funny - and that of India --which documents the story of a man who was unjustly and incorrectly investigated in relation to the attack on the grounds that after he Wait "t go home, and that he was an American Muslim (and, in truth, if the facts were known, he was recognized as a hero). All the remaining nine episodes, in fact, very sad and senseless, can be listed in two different categories: <br /> <br /> The first: "I do not care about the victims of thousands of Americans, foreigners, children, adolescents, adults, old-timers ... "and can be recovered in pure boredom and lack of emotion. Makhmalbaf (Iran); Lelouch-x (France) ?? I'm afraid that I'm going to commit heresy, since it Lelouch, but maybe it could be seen as an episode built on the idea, which may be regarded as almost the original; Tanovic-x (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (in Mexico); Geeta x (Israel); Penn (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: "Bloody Yanks deserve A can be recovered in frustration and hatred Chahine (Egypt) justify suicide; Loach (UK) believes the 9/11 attacks were reckless.. a kind of punishment for alleged US support of the Chilean dictatorship, headed by a serial killer, Augusto Pinochet, in fact, someone should tell Mr. Loach, that Pinochet's victims were not linked to al-Qaeda, and that Chile is an American country, only the existence of Mr. bin Laden should be ignored, it should be so informed herself that the US government sanctions against the Chilean dictatorship was more difficult than any other ciountrie-x, and Imamura (Japan) windingly indicates that the second world war linked the attack on the World Trade Center. Imamura has at least been consistent in this: because of the alleged effect of the binding of a completely pointless that plays well with his episode, including a man who considers himself a serpent He pretends to hide the contrary, it is quite absurd... <br /> <br /> There must be some mistake, shared by many, including some Americans, and it consists in the belief that this film was not commercially screened in the United States due to some kind of censorship. Nothing further from the truth: This movie has not been shown in the United States because it is a complete failure. The collapse of wackyest kind. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism and close to the heart of a significant number of its inhabitants, and anti-Americanism in the fashion, the film was screened in the living room quickly converted into a theater, and clapping at a very selected audience: the usual boring few which usually give them another round of applause equally "devious" glasses. As his eyes fast food restaurant McDonald's, or perhaps an elderly Jew, burned to the ground.
