Singleton has some serious problems that he has to come to grips with. I get the feeling that he thinks he is very smart; However, this film is almost comically transparent and samoopravdatsya. In addition, there are a bunch of "has not taken place mark right 'message, as when our local Nazi jerks get beat. I mean, who in their right mind would be cheering for a bunch of Nazi jerks? However, it reflects the way Singleton "battle" is completely stupid and seems intended to show us more excellent fighting qualities of black characters than anything else. There is another "bad guy" (actually a drunken fraternity boy) who rapes one of the main characters in the film. In this case, I think Singleton is actually doing a good job, which shows what is probably too frequent situation when the woman asks the boy involved fraternity to use a condom, or he does not have one do not want to use one. In any case, he was not attached to her demands that he stop, and he continues to sexual intercourse despite her pleas. I think that this type of rape is all too common, and in fact, many people in the form of refusing to recognize the fact that it is even rape. Well, in any case, it is not rape, which probably occurs in many universities across the country. <br /> <br /> Having established rape as the Singleton to fight it? When a boy is trying to fraternities call a woman, her partner refuses to put the victim on the phone, and at this moment of fraternity boy calls roommate "black bitch." The injured neighbor, seems to seek the advice of Ice Cube, and others, who then proceed to physically humiliate and scold the boy in the brotherhood of repeated and prolonged "apology" to a roommate for his racist remarks; however (apparently referring to Singleton) less a crime of violence is not mentioned. Again, no one should feel sorry for frat boys; However, the Singleton, it seems, by sending a double message that racist comment is a big crime, the rape and in any event justified violence against jerks. <br /> <br /> With so ultimately so disappointing that this film could have really been something important, but Singleton, while undoubtedly talented director, seems to have no maturity or depth, to get anything from this value.
