Blob begins with one of the most amazing theme songs ever sing Burt Bacharach credits of all people! You really have to hear it to believe it, Circle can only be worth taking a look at one of this song and my comment user resume just a little taste of cool lyrics ... After this unnerving opening credits sequence introduces us to drop, the viewer who, Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen, Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Korsaut) which are parked on their own somewhere and witness what looks like a meteorite falling to Earth in nearby forests. Old (Olin Howland as Olin Howlin), who lives in a cabin also sees and continues to investigate, he finds a strange crater & football-sized rock that cracked when he inadvertently pierces him with a stick. Lying in the center of the meteorite strange jelly-like substance that adheres to the stick, if you know what I mean! He then slides up the stick & itself fastened to the arm old. Especially the time Steve and Jane calmly rode on the supervision of their own business, when the old man runs in front of the car of Steve Steve to be a decent guy his native decides to take the old doctor T. HALLAN (Alden «Stephen» Chase, Steven Chase) on the local surgery. Dr. Hallan says he does not know what the substance is an old hand is, but it is becoming more and asked Steve to go to where he found it, and see if he know what happened can. Steve agrees, but does not come up with something, and on his return to surgery Dr. HALLAN, he devours his witness blobs. City Police, Lt. Dave (Earl Rowe) and teenage hate Sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson) Unsurprisingly do not believe a word and end up knowing Steve & his comrades Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) & someone called «Mooch» Miller (James Bonnet) play an elaborate joke at the police station. However, as a drop continues to eat its way through the city, Steve set about finding evidence of the existence and convince the police about the threat of it have not only their city, but the whole world! <br /> <br /> Directed by Irvin S. Yeaworth uncredited Jr. and Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was disappointed it carefully, the original one thousand nine hundred fifty-eight version of The Blob. This scenario Linakeru Kate Phillips and Theodore Simonson is an absolute boring and very surly not make the most of its strengths. Blob focuses on tiresome hysterics and conflicts between teenagers and police, as most of the Blob is spent on Steve, trying to convince the police to the existence of the blob. For most of the movie itself blob almost seems insignificant and somewhat forgotten. He has only two or three scenes for the fist hour and a bit to less than thrilling climax, when adults and adolescents must work together to defeat the blob and have found a new assessment of each other and then, shit! Why you can not just have a lot of blobs «Em? No explanation is given for the fact that the drop is or its origin, except it came from outer space, how long it takes for them to come up with that? Dialogue clumsy and stupid and as people's actions and decisions, I love the part when a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton Lee Payton, anyone to use your real name in this case?) It prevents clot, it sheds acid on him and quietly said, "Doctor, there is nothing to stop it!", he knows that it is "nothing" to stop it right? There's no blood and violence, so do not worry about what the special effects on the clot is not too bad, considering, but it is unlikely to have any screen time & moves very slowly, a bit like the film in general, actually. Actions terrible, McQueen is to be a teenager, when in fact he was 28 years old and it shows that he looks old enough to be his own father! The same applies to most other "teen" actors and all, generally speaking, wooden and unconvincing in their roles. Technically, the drop is very simple, dark, static images, dull direction & production values ​​forgotten. Blob is one of those movies that probably sounds good on paper, and are well known as "classic", but in fact a huge disappointment when finally seen. This is one case where the remake of Drop (1988) is certainly better than the original. The original Blob slow and tedious and alteration Niya original Blob does not contain blood or blood and the third remake of the original Blob has an incredibly bad acting and casting solutions and reworking Sun & original Blob itself gets very little screen time eat only three or four people for the film and the remake shows blob all the way to the end and almost eats up the whole city. Choosing a simple one, conversion every time a film is better in all respects. I give the film two stars and give this amazing main theme song one on its own. Definitely not a classic, it seems, many make out.
