This is nothing more than a strange coincidence, I decided to look Starlift the 59th anniversary of the day in June 1950 when President Truman ordered US forces in the Korean War. Starlift, you see, is set mainly in the US Air Force base in California Travis in the years when it is used as a staging post for the soldiers who carried into battle in Korea. But you must do your own research to know this, because never in a movie called "Korea" is mentioned. We see a transport plane flying from fresh troops and the return of the wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where these people will fight or get injured. Something strange for a film is waving the flag and salute the people of America in the form. Released in December 1951, Warner Brothers, Starlift very obvious attempt to repeat the success of the starry world war two home front morale booster studio "Hollywood Canteen." This 1944 crowd pleaser told the story of two men who spend their last three nights with the rest hang in the famous night clubs of the armed forces in Los Angeles in hopes of getting a date with Joan Leslie. But in fact it was just an excuse to sweep every star Warners contract, with Joan Crawford, John Garfield, and Barbara Stanwyck in Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet, and more. Starlift consists of two Air Force soldiers, hoping to find fictional Starlet Nelly Wayne (mask as Janice Rule), and convincing a bunch of stars Warner Bros, to put on a show for the departing troops. But instead of The Crawford, Garfield and other best Warner Brothers could scrape together in 1951 was Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris from the fleeting appearances of James Cagney, Randolph Scott, and clearly embarrassed watching Gary Cooper . This shabby shot, which belongs to the star power will struggle to illuminate a standard lamp, perfectly appropriate for a miserable cost. Presumably in an attempt to save money several long scenes were filmed with a really bad back projection. How bad is it? You can see the join where the screen meets the floor sound! In order to describe how Starlift sloppy, lazy and third rate movie do a disservice to the films that sloppy, lazy and third year. It's just awful. Avoid this.
