Whoa boy. <br /> <br /> I always wanted to watch a documentary about the megalomaniacal jerk ruining my life and alienating everyone around him? Well, they exist in many forms. But have you ever wanted to see the said documentary film about who did not ultimately succeed in anything, despite all the praise about how much artistic "genius" it? Well, you probably just take a camera and to find someone like this in any local scene (I know that they are everywhere, and I do not even follow the local scene), or you could save yourself the trouble by spending money to watch this tripe. <br /> <br /> room well and to be honest, it's not as if the filmmakers knew exactly where she was going, given that this is one of the difficulties to make a documentary. We made to follow two groups, Brian Jamestown Massacre, master Anton and The Dandy Warhols, lead Courtney. I have heard of the Dandy Warhols before watching this film ... not so Brian Jamestown Massacre. Why? Well, from the point of view of this documentary because intergroup dysfunction Brian Jamestown Massacre gave them the opportunity to really make it in the music industry. However, instead, becomes a separate analysis of the two groups, and one has been able to succeed, the focus becomes much more on Anton and his madness. <br /> <br /> Because, you see, Anton is a "genius. "Because he plays rock music. It really" understand the evolution of music "... because it plays rock music with a lot of different tools. His music is considered a" post-modern retro, but the future "... because it is a rock music. He wants a "revolution" ... through rock music. Okay, so let's face it ... twenty minutes, and it's one of the silliest child I would still watch a documentary about. <br /> <br /> the documentary on the case itself does not give any demonstration of talent Anton, because in nature edit Bani down 2,000 hours of material in a quarter of a short two hours we really do not have time to focus on that. So instead we see Anton, "genius", socio-compulsive loser, be the trigger for two hours and just said, to understand what it's really great music. If he was or not, I do not know, because it's not like a documentary there is enough time to prove it. that I know that what we are left with a story about some self-centered boor unpleasant working across the country, calling himself God music and does nothing to support him. Why even bother to watch it? People like Anton did not deserve the attention that they are looking for hope and admiration of all these different people, and especially after the failure of an ode to the lost potential. This film plays like two o'clock rough cut VH1 special for a reason: it goes on and on about music, but it's all about the image and attention. Look at the guys, look at the way he dresses, look at how it works, look at how he is trying to create a controversy, because he can not afford marketing. <br /> <br /> To be honest the only interesting character in this movie, Joel, and because of those who are in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to be no pleasure. Maybe it's because he's tambourine man. The rest of them are "rock star"! They deserve our attention and enthusiasm, and interest in, and commitment! They are there to "save rock n 'roll." Do you remember when the White Stripes have been "to save rock n' roll? Yes, it was because of Anton and it's "selfish of them, not to mention me (Anton) as inspiration." What a load. People like Anton best left forgotten. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so boring - because Execs music has to deal with people like Anton life and ultimately can only really throw its support behind someone safe and untouched. Thank you very much, Anton. Your antics ruined music for everyone you have touched, regardless of the contrary opinion. And when people are "aware" of Anton do not agree, and it really was a genius, he still shows how bad this film is that it cuts it down that way. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
