I went into this movie with high hopes. Normally, I'm not too picky about my films and creatures are * always * be interesting to watch, so I thought. I will list the good parts of this movie: -The effect exists. All the creatures were well done, their movements were realistic, and they fit well in other images. Frankly, there is an effect were the only reason I gave this film 2 rather than 1. Now the bad things: -The action. Lord, I saw the bad act, but this movie takes the cake. None of the characters even close * to the plausible. It's like casting director sent out and took all the worst Try-outs of it. I tried very hard not to giggle too loud, because I do not want anyone in the theater upset, but acting was really bad. -The storyline: All history is full of plot holes from start to finish. You can choose at least 5 holes, scene of any given 30 minutes of the film. Hole section, of course, free and cheese. This is probably one of the most cliched, not thought out, and open a clever story that I've ever seen put on the screen, since I was a serious misfortune to sit in one night and watch a parasite on SciFi Channel. -The dialogue: It is a world where everyone speaks Cheesiest and most clichéd thing they possibly can, at every opportunity they possibly can. In this world, it seems that each line has been speaking to at least 30 other creatures of low-budget films. This is the world of cheese and clichés. -The effects. While the creature effects were absolutely amazing, special effects with a bang failed. Yes, they are better than those seen in other films, but a lot of it in the presentation. And this movie has no idea at all. It looks like some kind of special effects used on the TV show Power Rangers, to be honest. To summarize: Dragon Wars is worth any of your time or money. The concept is good, but it is closed in bad directing, acting, the dialogue, and cheesiness of the film. Wait til the next big monster movie comes out. It should be better than this, call Dragon Wars is absolutely horrible.
