KING MAKER, will undoubtedly be a success in Thailand, where such (but above) "The Legend of Seriyochite 'office records set box. Film director Lek Kitaparaporn after Sean Casey screenplay based on historical fact in 1547 Siam has some amazingly beautiful visual elements, but disarmed one of the corniest, pedestrian script and story development on film. <br /> <br /> Event picture refers is the arrival of the Portuguese soldiers of fortune Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch), whose revenge on the murderer of his parents makes shipwreck captured and thrown into slavery and put on the block in Ayutthaya in the kingdom where he Owls bought beautiful Maria (Cindy Barbrizh) with the consent of his father Philip (John Rhys-Davies), people with the name and the past, which are disclosed as the story progresses. There is a conspiracy of overthrowing King Fernando and his new Siam sidekick Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after some gratuitous CGI extension choreographed martial arts nonsense, first rewarded by the king to be his bodyguard, only to be imprisoned together once Queen Sudachan ( yoe Hassadeevichit) shows her plot to kill the King and his son, to her beloved Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart), to take over the rule of Siam. However, it is known Fernando and Tong escape and destined to fight each other in order to save the life of his family (wife and child Tong and now the firm romance Fernando Maria) with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> action (except John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the film sometimes seems like it should have been a camp. Mostly Thai cast struggle with poorly written dialogue that makes us wish they used their native Thai with subtitles. Score Ian Livingstone sounds like the exhumation of the old television series form. But if it's visual splendor you then there is a lot that alone makes the film worth watching. This film, which has an obvious high financial support for all the special effects and mass of cast and sets, and show their good intentions. This is just the basics that are missing. grady Harp
