Like most reviewers, I saw it on the Starz! On demand. After viewing the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to watch it on how bad viewing watching. I, on the other hand, thought it looked strange enough to warrant monitoring. I mean, the design doctor meso alone justified even briefly sweep over this name. After watching, I can say that while there are some interesting aspects to it (namely, viewing on a laptop and trying to figure out an incomprehensible story), it is better to go through it. <br /> <br /> * major spoilers ahead * After making your first clip them as-yet-unfinished CD, vocalist, Cassidy, kills himself in an attempt to force her boyfriend Neil noticed it. 3 months later, the group is trying to decide when they are going to finish the album or not. In order to try and see that Cassidy would like, they go to see the old mental her friend, Dr. meso and try to contact her through it. In his reading of the cards, Dr. meso obtained four straight cards of death for the four remaining members of the group. Bad times ahead. (I just wanted to make a point that later in the movie, they explain that the card Death really just represents a change. Kudos to them about it, at least). Even without the approval of their late friend, they decided to go ahead and finish the album. But while in the bathroom, best friend Cassidy, Dora, a glimpse of her late friend. If another group of friends goes to check on her, Dora standing in the dark, asking his glasses. That's when the killing starts. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the film from the get-go that it seems difficult stylized fault. Too much walking effects, unwanted scaling, as well as many other cheap effects permeate the film. Incoherent plot helps nothing. While the story hangs together in the first part, when Cassidy rises, it all falls apart. We jump-cuts between Cassidy and Dr. meso (which mysteriously was able to get in a closed building), which show that they are related, one way or another. However, within a few minutes of this revelation, we find that Cassidy is in fact an independent entity from the Mesozoic. Then she turns to the guy who helped her revenge, and he rushes off in a way that brings to mind Jack Nicholson as the Joker. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> Since then, the whereabouts of Cassidy specified, but there is an amazing dips as the character moves from place to place almost out of sequence. One scene that we see Cassidy, standing on the table, when a character enters another, it is nowhere to be found. If it moves around the table, we can see it at the end of the corridor. Then, in another room, grabbing keys (Neil already), and then back. Not to mention the fact that from one moment to another, Cassidy mood seems to go the full 180 without a catalyst for it. One moment, she wants to kill all (although it is only 90% of wounded characters) - the next she apologizes to everyone and goes out the door, to die again. Sound confusing? That's because it is. It jumble that I am sure that the author could not even understand. <br /> <br /> As for the performances, most of them especially wood. Some, though good, but overall it is not a part of which will be known it operates. The story is the driving force behind this part.
