This week, I just thought it would be fun to catch up with Corey Haim, who had seen only two «Lost Boys» movies last week and all. Not that I'm a fan-boy - not far away. - but I like these two Coreys in some movies still in my early teenage <br /> <br /> So I'm getting ready for three films starring him. Unfortunately, I chose «Dream Machine» as a first (never seen it before), and it was so godawfully awful, I just decided to lock up Corey's why in my closet, and let him sober up again first, before I pop in than something else out of it. But I managed to fight his way through the film first. I got the impression that desperately wanted to play in the same league as "Ferris Bueller day off in" (1986), but was caught in their mistakes. Almost the entire movie he wants to be a comedy, and towards the end he was hopelessly trying to be a thriller. The only good thing about the «Dream Machine» is a prerequisite for: corpse in the trunk of Porsche. All else fails so badly, it's uncomfortable. Even the most for Haim. I can dig it, as his young, trapped himself, but at least when it comes to any form of directing principles. This clearly was not the case in «Dream Machine». Thus, we have the perfect car, yes, black Porsche. perfect girlfriend in Haim? Just blonde chick, which is unlikely to have any line in the film. Almost perfect murder ...? Some dude who falls flat on his ass, as the villain of the film, trying the whole movie to steal the body back from the trunk, never happens, and then at the end of the movie thinks he Michael Myers (minus white William Shatner mask) and errors Corey Haim for Jamie Lee Curtis. I do not think they could do this Flick any lamer when they tried. Stupid, unfunny film with a history going nowhere an indication of a director who knows how to direct his shot. Great achievement <br /> <br /> One last question for Mr. Haim: Who's idea was it that you are smiling directly at the camera in the last frame of the movie? Yours or the director? So do not do it.
