I hope that the viewer who believes "Dream Machine", as one of Corey Haim, the most beautiful and "the best films of the century" was joking. Undetected sarcasm on my part? I sincerely hope so. <br /> <br /> brand «The Dream Machine» the first of a long line of mediocre capers that would plague the rest of the career Corey Haim (except for "Prayers of scooters", which was surprisingly decent) Here, Haim plays a carefree boy college, Bern, which provides that a cool car to attract the attention of his dream girl. Fortunately for Bernie, rich woman with the aim to get back on her cheating husband, hastily decides to reward her loyal serviceman - Bernie - with a gift: Porsche Turbo spot. However, without the knowledge of women and bad for Bernie, it is the fact that her late husband had been killed and his body was hidden in the trunk. Now, that in this film, the body does not seem to go out or have a rather unpleasant consternation, Bernie did not know about it. In fact, ignoring the boy did not have the slightest idea that something suspicious on the move, despite a few odd circumstances that arise. In particular, the grizzly man follows him around, desperate to get hold of this body relatively unnoticed. <br /> <br /> This is a low-grade action sizzle as many of the films Haim as it will (see Kid war). Although part of the action, part romantic comedy, this film does not offer the viewer a lot of interest, at least in the first forty-five minutes, in which the filmmakers take more than enough time to show the immediate problem (ie, .e. Bernie possession of the car and the dead, and You are the man discovers that Porsche would be hard to find). After that, thanks to the bad actor Chaim (I loved this baby, too, but it is not blasphemous to recognize those times when he obviously could not work well), and the lack of real immediacy and emergency between Bernie and the villain who It makes a lot of events unconvincing and, as a consequence, insignificant. To add injury to insult, the soundtrack was incredibly funny and sounded as self-evident the song you would hear in Team America (see "date" montage). <br /> <br /> Faithful supporters of Corey Haim, however, should not be disappointed to see their boy in abundance. However, others understand that the career of Jaime probably reached its peak when he was 14 or 15, and never recovered, you can expect mediocrity, as the viewers will be just looking at the beginning of '90s B-comedy down to pass the time.
