Michael Caine has always maintained that Ashanti was "the only film (he) made purely for the money" and "the worst film he ever starred in." Hold on, Michael, you have not been in a swarm and Hurry Sundown? And they were not both of those films, a good deal worse than Ashanti? Perhaps, Caine remembers only too reluctance physically punishing demands thriller filming in scalding 130 degrees Fahrenheit temperature (director, Richard Fleischer, was hospitalized as a result of sunstroke during shooting). Ashanti that actually acts as whatever career low point Michael Caine. On the contrary, it is a very average chase thriller with a talented cast, exotic places, boring stretch and very formulaic plot. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Caine) is W.H.O physician, who left devastated when his black wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) disappeared during a trip to help African tribal village. Linderby gradually realizes that his wife drew slavers - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and he goes on a continent-wide persecution, which eventually leads to the Middle East <br /> <br /> On the way. , Big pop stars to inefficient and superfluous guest roles. William Holden has poor cameo as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif shows a bit of his usual charm or grace, like a spoiled millionaire Arabic; Rex Harrison looks rightly bored during his brief role as a useful contact, which helps Kane in his quest. The film is based on the best-selling book called Eban, on a little-known author Albert Vazquez-Figueroa, but it is unknown what made the book so popular is largely absent in this adaptation. Ustinov charismatic as slave (he appears in all his films, to be able to give poor performances), and Cain creates believable anguish, like a man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are occasional flashes of action, but on the whole Ashanti rather slow. In general, this part of the action of the resist scam - not by any stretch as bad as Caine is often suggested, but not very inspiring film and, of course, let down by all the talents involved.
