I love it! Wow, to prepare for the terrible way blown ninja. See how they pounce, crawl on the ground (on the back or stomach), like a caterpillar, fly through the sky, rises the building, hide in the spring with trees, throw a ninja star, the role of the blue welcome mats, disappear in smoke bombs, makes a lot of noise tick of them knives and quickly stolen or trot of strain. What a view! In fact, I could go on the basis of a number of traditional activities, but I'll be here all day. Oh, do not forget that we even get the legendary Chuck Connors pops up now and again, and watch him send some ninja with a shotgun with a small amount of ease. What class! What a bully! In any case, the ultra-cheap "Sakura Killers» is a kind of silly, but cheesy fun ninja action that only fanatics of the genre to get something from this debacle would shonky class. <br /> <br /> The genetic laboratory in the United States has a very important video, which is stolen by a couple of ninjas. Two Americans sent to Colonel Japan (Chuck Connors) to get it. <br /> <br /> The discovery of the function sets it nicely. Get ready to laugh! After that, he slowed down, but soon after the two main characters and learns about the ninja is trained he gets a head of steam as they break in suits and fled after a stolen beta tape that contains a very important formula. This is when violently fast action and aerobic Martial Arts has really come into play. It is not too bad either, (as stupid script and crazy ideas). The final climatic showdown is very well done. <br /> <br /> In the slow sections has two Americans (Mike Kelly and George Nicholas), looking into the case, sharing mindless conversations and meeting some minor problems. What made me laugh was like a ninja had been postponed, as a brave and clever, these two were. They had to be professional killers? Director Dusty Nelson ( "Effects (1989)") make a deposit work with what he had, and reproduces it for what it is. He centers the on-screen activities around the point of impact of Taiwan. Evaluation is located chintzy.
