This is one of the worst films Clark Gable did. Parnell was only clearly worse. It's just so painfully formulaic and dialogue are so lousy that it's something no Gable or Jean Harlow was proud to do. <br /> <br /> Gable is a heel, an illegal activity as a result of his girlfriend is going to "in jail (as gangster talk?). It gives us hope that he will do the right thing, but it just leaves it there - do not know any of them, hell, that she was "in a family way." In the end, the scammer returned to do the right thing, and somehow they tie it all together in a happy ending! They seemed to forget about the need to take the rap Gable and spend several years in prison. Maltin says "the stars are at their best here." By what standard? Best in the production of unintended giggles? Give me a break <br /> <br /> PS - Having said that, my wife thinks Maltin's going to find me and kick my ass. Hmmm. Nevertheless, in spite of my comment, I think that Mr. Maltin is the best opponent and the people on the planet (I hope that calmed him) <br /> <br /> UPDATE -. 2.2.08. Because I did not like this movie so much the first time (especially funny ending), I decided to watch it again. After all, sometimes when I watch the film again, I love it a lot more, and I understand that I was a bit too harsh. Despite the fact that this was the case with several films in the past few months, I still do not like this movie - even for the second time. Most of them were not, as in the first half of the film. In the first half of the year, the nature of Harlow was amazingly stupid, but at least it was true. But when she was sent to prison, it was a cliche, until there was a final marriage funny scenes. The bottom line is that this sequence is strikingly silent - it just does not make any sense and it looks like the transformation of the film in some silly fairy tale love story instead of two cons. I stand by my initial examination (despite the «NOT HELPFULS») and I think that aside from Parnell and possibly Polly Circus, it might just be the worst movie Gable.
