So I rented it from Netflix, because someone gave me Roger's book Ebert "I hated, hated, hated this movie," and he gave this one a rare rating of zero stars in the book, and said at the end of its initial examination of "Mad Dog Time should be reduced to the provision of free Hawaiian tweezers for the poor. " So I understood from Ebert that I wanted to see if it was really as bad as it said it was. I know that the majority of the society says not to listen to critics and judge for yourself, but I could not express how much I hated that piece of junk as Ebert did, and never after the inspection Ebert of Rob Reiner's "North", where he said that he hated this film ten times, if I have ever heard such a brilliant film review hatred. Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster, I do not think it would be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster, if the script for this film was written well. But before all of the other things that were awful about this "movie" I can certainly say, the script was written is not good at all. While the film opens with Jeff Goldblum says he enjoyed watching Dreyfus girlfriend while Dreyfus was a criminal hospitals film begins with some decent dialogue after the opening credits. But after the first 4 or 5 minutes, the remaining 85 minutes simply consist of stupid characters speak meaningless garbage for 30 seconds, and then someone gets shot. Then there's a whole bunch of jokes about Dreyfus mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we get into trouble, and answered by a serious scene parodies Frank Sinatra «My Way» sang Gabriel Byrne seems to insult Dreyfus. Of course, because the script was written by a sixth grader at Dreyfus shoots Byrne five times and Byrne just will not die. And we, as an audience, presumably even care or believe that a little ridiculous? Of course, I can tell you that I do not care, or find that funny. Moreover, I am disappointed in the Dreyfus (who I admire a lot as an actor) for producing and starring in the scar, but I am very disappointed with Jeff Goldblum, because it was released in the same year that the "Independence Day" was the best-grossing film of the year and eventually one of the most successful films in history. Is Goldblum believes that "Independence Day" is a failure, and then just take the next role that was offered to him to make money if the "Independence Day" was a bomb? What did Oscar winner and star of two of the biggest money making films in history to find a remotely pleasant about it? Opening sequence «Mad Dog Time», says the film is on another planet. I just want it now, I spent 93 minutes watching this garbage that would have stayed and opened in theaters on the planet where supposedly takes place in such a way that the path of each person on this planet will never be here for this ridiculous waste of 93 minutes of my life I will never go back. Ebert says the film had to be cut is not good enough, I'm afraid. Each copy of the «Mad Dog Time» must have petrol poured over him, and burn in the fire. I'm still before the worst film I've ever seen, because this one has won this honor, as the worst movie ever.
