What an insult Olivia D'Abo, who plays the heroine of the film, Robin to Keanu Reeves are so great on the box art of the film (and, at least in the last editions, to have only Reeves will appear on the field), given that she was a star. I understand that it is his name that will eventually sell this long forgotten after the Special school, but at least give the woman some credit. <br /> <br /> Despite this, it has to be one of the worst teen sports-themed films I've ever seen, and he strives very hard to add not just every teenager and sports movie cliches of class struggle between warring gymnasts to teenage romance. And, trying to somehow put himself as an amateur Flashdance alternative (with music in one of the warehouse dance scenes even quite close to Michael Sembello appreciably «Maniac», which was made famous by Flashdance, or is it vice versa?). It includes such dance sequences and even worse, even dance 80th and sporting traditions banal dance-off between the heroine and her antagonist (s), the one who doubts its success and ability in the team. We have seen this in Trashin '(a vert ramp Joust) and Rad (BMX dance on prom night, though it was not so much for the competition and for pleasure), for example. In fact, this film is full of unrealistic corniness, such as multiple homo-erotic rolling clothing for the Salvation Army with Robin and her friend from the team. <br /> <br /> However, the film is about a young girl who comes with a fairly poor. On top of the massive need to squeeze out of the audience as much sympathy as possible, she lives with her sick mother, her sister and her unpleasant careless (and slightly offensive) stepfather. Needless to say, Homelife not so attractive. Add to the mix, talent for gymnastics, but a few obstacles to joining the team (including her troubles arrogant swaggering teammates and coach, which ultimately also doubts in its ability to compete well). And, of course, we can not forget that she has an eye on one of the nice Preppies boy who meets one of the unpleasant teammates, nor the fact that it does not have a steady boyfriend (although Keanu Tommy comes later in the film), whether the child can be more pathetic? And, it seems that one mess after another come to bother herself in her excruciatingly long, unnecessary and clichéd quest to prove his worth for each person. <br /> <br /> But even highlights cheesiness, which contain the majority of the film is hardly worth mentioning, considering that the biggest distraction in this film is terrible action and dialogue. (I love how suddenly there is a gym coach at a diner in the middle of the dance-off blame teammate). This makes the scenes look "amazing stories", as Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I believe, who will be able to find this movie and watch it in these days, probably refers to it mainly because of the nostalgia factor. To do this, you can be happy, but it's also incredibly forced drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
