After watching this movie, I was left with two very annoyed about this film: why they do it the character of Chen «McGuyver hit-man" and nature whether such an incompetent idiot? background character Chen is that he was brought up in an underground shelter for Cambodian bloodthirsty fighters, where they learn to row him to death as wild "dogs." This part is pushed at an early stage during the scene where he gets into the cabin, and as it begins to move, it shows he is not familiar with the safety belt. Shortly after this scene, it is a similar situation in a dim sum restaurant. Not only that he unlearned, he is hungry. This is not a reference to Slim Chen, but two early scene in the film where he's down food scarfing, one of which being a rice porridge on the lower deck of the old ship. Si in the first ten minutes of the film, it was found that Chen is malnutrition-ed, unmodernized, and has only one thing going for him, his 'dog' brawl fighting style some. Despite this situation, Chen fails due to shoot every cop (even managing to ricochet bullets from the metal pipe to hit a guy in the head, which kept the girlfriend hostage Chen) and somehow reached the super human strength (waving 50 pound concrete block plastered on the end of a metal pipe, the head chief of police, he gets shot in the chest by said master). <br /> <br /> Now the character is ... well I understand that he is depressed, he's got some baggage, but wow, it can do something right? One moment, they are trying to make it cool, composed and ready to take care of business, and in the next moment, he just struck again. The first scene, he runs into Chen, and he manages to misses, from about 15 feet, several times. Until the end of the scene, Li Chen watches as his close friend and colleague, slowly gets a knife in his neck a long knife for well under 5 seconds, pistol Chen face, at a distance of 10 feet. Even at the end of the film, Lee manages to get stabbed and fails again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this film, it is presented in such a way that the filmmakers are trying to get the audience to empathize with the character of Chen, and that he was simply "kill to survive." It would have been much easier if I was not just watching Chen to kill innocent people throughout the terrible movie. Of the many people he had killed only two people set out to try to kill him, the police chief and Lee. Others were simply people who eat, boat owners, taxi drivers and police are trying to arrest him, not to kill. In general, the character of Chen is a seasoned assassin who kills for what he wants, even if it is just a free ride. (Did I mention that he is a stack of hundred-dollar bills for most of the movie?) My 3 stars go to some of the interesting work of director / camera gets in some good shots <br /> <br /> BottomLine .: One for nut fitting supporter of Chen. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD»
