In my "drinking Kool-Aid» comments, I mean, it's such a devoted person Pavarotti fans that they did not make any attempts to objectively evaluate this film. Give it 10 seems to give Wally Cox Award for Mr. Universe or put a velvet Elvis painting in the Louvre !!! If the film debuted, I remember the wild reviews with titles such as "No, George," and some said he was one of the worst films ever made. This, of course, exaggerating it. While bad and far from the great work, there was a lot to like about the movie, and the largest deficit of the film was not a valid Pavarotti nor his girth. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, all the blame on himself severity rests solely on the shoulders of the authors (who, I believe, were chimpanzees). It is rare to see a movie with such clichéd dialog or silly scenes, as a food fight, but even they are not heart problems. The problem is that the authors intend for the audience to take care of the "romance", consisting of horny married middle-aged man and a seemingly desperate lady. Perhaps the European audience might be more forgiving, but in the United States in 1982, and today, this novel seems to be running and selfish - especially when Pavarotti Harrold says that he loves his wife, and "it's just fun." Wow, talk about a romantic dialogue !! Unfortunately, if they just changed the script a little bit and made Pavarotti widow or perhaps his wife was to be the wife of several classic Hollywood films, such as those from all this and heaven, LLC or the suspect (where the wife is so nasty and unpleasant you could forgive my husband, who has a business or even kill her). Instead, it is a loving mother of two children, who are patiently waiting at home when her selfish husband pies bed to the right and to the left - as Pavarotti is recognized that there were many cases before Harrold meeting <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even great. Pavarotti Music can not save this film. Toward the end of the film, there are some strange scenes in New York, where many incredible and the singing of the transcendental Pavarotti. For this reason, I think that the film is at least deserves a 3. I really wanted to like this movie more, but it was a really bad movie. - although not as much as you may have heard <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, from what I read that this film could be a case of art imitating life, a life of its own after Pavarotti had some parallels for this film, although it is not exactly the forum to discuss it in detail.
