I have not heard about this movie until I read an article about it on the site Unknown Films, which made me curious. As a cartoonist and illustrator myself, I am a supporter of the work of Richard Williams - I appreciate the gift Ziggy as one of the best Christmas events of all time, and even though the Who Framed Roger Rabbit has ceased to be one of my favorite films when I got past the age sixteen years old, I'm still the highest of the accounting quantity of labor, care and attention to detail that went into the creation of a visual - but I think a person has its drawbacks, most notably the tendency to go over budget and on schedule, and this film appears Xia testament to how far even as a super-talented people like Williams can go, given the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy are amazing confection, which is trying to be weird and experimental and from the wall within the children's cartoon. He also tries to be a musical. He tries to be a thousand and one other things - is it Freakout? Is the mind-blower? Whether it is an ode to innocence of childhood imagination? - until, finally, do not collapse under the weight of its own boundless ambition and aspirations. It is beautifully animated, for the most part, though soft background could be used a bit more attention, but even this does not count for much if you are faced with the absurd hallucinogenic, which makes up most of the "action" here. <, Br /> <br /> There are a number of problems associated with the film, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy themselves. They are stars of the show, but they have no faces. In fact, we get the message that Andy wannabe tough guy ( "I have a toy no girl," he sings) and Anne has a unique perspective on things, because its owner, a little girl named Marcella, carries her off her feet on the head, but that's all we get to learn about these dumb-as-dirt characters, because the overwhelming strangeness of the film kicks in after a short time. I use the word "strangeness" advisedly, because some amazing movies can be very interesting, but it's just flat out weird. Toys and dolls in the playroom should be cute and nice, but they really are strange and disturbing. Two puppets who do and say everything in sync are the prime example of this. But even they are relatively normal compared to constantly sneezes Pirate Captain, whose whiskers becomes straight and whose crotch markedly swollen when he first sees the glamorous French dolls. Yes, this should be a children's movie! Then there's the music, none of which is memorized, and they are all singing actors who can not sing. And to add insult to injury, there is a lot of singing in this film. If Ann and Andy finally make it out of the game room, the first thing they do is sing a long number in the forest about how scared they are, how they will always have each other, and ... yes, we receive a message, it seems to go on forever, but at least it brings some semblance of normality back to the film. Not long, though, because the camel with the wrinkled knees leads us into a bizarre world where everything looks like it is made with a worn and faded denim, and - bad enough that he was obviously a paranoid schizophrenic - it also starts hallucinating. But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. Greedy, living, breathing. burping, farting, constantly eating toffee pool, so trippy, awesome and ultimately disturbing, you can hardly believe what you see - it's as close to the psychedelic experience, drug-free, as I have ever seen on film. Then, after a while l-o n d spent with greedy, psychotic swim Sir Leonard Looney and his master King KooKoo, whose throne reminds urinal. I can not believe I'm actually writing a capsule description of the real movie here - I just had to rub my eyes and remind myself that I do not blog about margin Whacked-out nightmare I had. Part of the sequence Looney Land reminds one / Little Nemo cartoon old Winsor McKay, without good reason, other than someone felt like doing it, I guess. All this would be great if there were some rhyme or reason behind it, but it is not. These scenes are just amazing, and very, very long time. Surrealism works only when there is a strong idea behind it, whether there is some semblance of reality. But nothing in these scenes does not point to any reality. Remove this item, and you're left with the pure self indulgence. <br /> <br /> In the last scene to unravel even the animation begins to look less impressive (pirate ship, ridiculously detailed, spurts of water in such a way that suggests some Ce went missing during production) is non- event ending that simply suggests the money ran out. Even with the meager 86 minutes in length, the film feels like an endless suffering, and it's understandable why he flopped on his original version. Animation buffs are probably scratching your head and wondering how Williams was able to kludge it so spectacularly, but he did, and nothing anyone can do about it.
