Once again one of the most underrated goddesses of my country has been twisted "Westerners", who can not understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in her dark forms. Mother takes on a frightening form Kalita Mata is, to destroy our inner demons, and to intimidate our ego. Although the victim's blood is given to Kali and Durga, the events depicted in this film are simply absurd. Mother takes the form of an angry, angry to be our inner demons, limitations and ego, when no other form will not be enough. Also in the form of her angry that she burned all their karma in the fire "Smashany" that you cultivate in his heart for her to dance if you love her, and she will lead you to reality and truth. The reality and the truth has a dark side and a light that serves a purpose. The mother is the embodiment of the physical universe, but it is outdoors. Nature may be rigid and destructive to maintain balance. You can not have growth and life without death and destruction. Colitis is a power failure for the purpose of new growth and the lives of both temporal and spiritual in the universe. This is a very outrageous to me that people who know nothing India or divinity can just take one of our favorite goddesses and use it as a cheap prostitute, to make some low-budget, mediocre horror film. How dare they take our beloved mother and show her as the horror that causes people to cut down on the eyelids? It is terrible only to those who are attached to their egos and who are living in delusion, greed, anger, and other inner demons. It is very clear that the person who wrote this film should have a very serious self-ego is mistaken, and serious internal demons, to see how Kali so horrible and terrible. If the ego disappears, it becomes a form that fascinates, beautiful and young, beauty, which is so inspiring to contemplate that it captivates the entire universe with him. Maa Kali is an ancient Mother, not to joke for fun, let's hope that in its infinite compassion and mercy, that it does not assume the form of angry individuals involved in this film. <br /> <br /> audacity that Westerners use religion as my own, or religion, the Caribbean islands, such as Santeria and rods, which are actually very positive, and other similar religions twist and exaggerate the strange elements that Western the mind can not understand, it is entirely inappropriate. It is clear that there is no respect for the fact that people live, breathe, and believe when it comes to this kind of cinema. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa is actually a caring and compassionate mother, whom we shed tears in her beautiful feet in devotion and love. And I'm glad that my mom takes on the form of sometimes angry to protect his devotees from themselves and from external forces. <br /> <br /> Many praise REAL Kalita Mao, who showed a lot of God's way and implementation.
