Ignoring (if available) free of tedious smoking marijuana (which appears to be mandatory in Australian films, financed by the government) to bring this film gives a fairly reliable operation. This is far as it goes. The rest is just awful. The plot is overwhelmed by the 'wow' symbolism, which are designed to look good on the tape, but do not go anywhere. A rough example of a giant peach floating point, obviously, was from the town parade and presented to the local canning factory. It was too tempting to spend what was, hopefully free, but nevertheless, it does not matter, prop! Peach gives a brief, unexplained flushing down one notch, but that's where it ends. <br /> <br /> In addition, far-fetched "black spot" road sign, where Steph parents were killed, is intended to symbolize the ultimate escape from her past, but her escape to what? It was pretty much where it was, especially with regard to its visual disability and infinite, loving patience and care about her understanding of young women caregivers. <br /> <br /> Guinness award for melodrama pattern, however, is to feature Alan. Alan successfully committed to the noble role of the trade union union but "rats" on their colleagues and became supervisor of the wicked multinational - hiss! hiss! As a leader, Alan performs criminal boss dirty work. It implements the termination of employment, surprise, surprise, the entire plant closed, and he remained as Alan helpless, unemployed failure. Many clichés free zones are not an assistant! Not only that, but also it loses Alan seductive Steph from the most unlikely relationship you would encounter. If you think that melodramatic story and didactic, do not ask about the details. What is the value of cream for shaving seductive leg in Steph? Why not a hotel, where the couple makes love in the end rod, someone gaining illegal entry to one of its magnificent bedrooms and, among other pandemoniums, emails regularly get dirty - quite spectacularly in one case. Summarizing this film in one word: avoid, avoid, avoid.
