I watched it immediately after seeing Hillside Cannibals, so that would be nothing improved. In addition, it stops me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 days later, and its sequel. Unfortunately, the more I looked, the more I realized how well done Danny Boyle and the original was much influenced by this film 28 Weeks Later <br /> <br /> You can not help but notice how much the franchise 28 of this type of Italian horror film . I was quite sure, ZOMBI 3 should be done in 1980 or 1981 at the latest - in this case, I would call my resume 28 years later (Geddit?) - but it was not until I came to this page to find it was released in 1988. All production values ​​scream that this is a low budget splatter film from the very beginning of this decade. I could have used this film as a fifteen-year-old high school student in 1982, like my peers, but not now <br /> <br /> Most of the problem involves the lack of internal continuity. For example, some of the zombies shuffle about a snail's pace while others can run very fast and have a self awareness that leads to the absurd end of the stage with a DJ. Similarly, some of them can be killed by a blow to the face, while others are still alive, even if they had them beheaded, wait until you see the refrigerator scene, you can just die from laughter. Even serious characters suffer from this type of inaccurate contrived scenarios where characters suddenly discovers that he is the pilot of the helicopter, which makes me wonder why the army has been using it to drive the jeeps for a career <br /> <br /> Obviously, that you 're reminded of the earlier film Crazy, which also reminded me of the next 28 films. A bunch of terrorists break into the scientific basis lead to various kinds of disaster with the military to be the bad guys trying to kill both the infected and the survivors, and long before the end you were working that basically everything dies. The problem with this, you will be instantly reminded of how the British franchise made it a lot better on a big budget. Not only that, but 28 franchise will appeal to a thinking audience, which may have little interest to the average horror movie. 3 ZOMBI like anyone but hardcore splatter audience
