In 1979 he released his Fulci movie werewolf. However, because of a previous import of Dawn of the Dead, George Romero, who went by that name for its Italian release, it was renamed Zombi 2. (who also had the bonus will allow the audience think it was the second sequel to Romero's film). Continuing this theme, the second film Zombi, which would be called Zombi 2, then so called ZOMBI 3. In the UK, the original film Zombi (ie, Zombi 2) has been named «Zombie Flesh Eaters». To continue this topic, the second film Zombi (Zombi 3) ​​then called «Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for its release in the UK. (Are you following all this?) So if a zombie Flesh Eaters was Don Fulci, and then his 2 Day of the Dead? While this is just careless remark, is a story about the military connections, helicopters and plodding narrative, of course, have a vague thematic similarities. <br /> <br /> Some of the European direction FULCI hugging in a film like this, but acting, sound and heavy exposure scenario is absolutely terrible. His environmental message so forced and exaggerated it can no longer be regarded as a subtext, while there are more (unintentionally) hilarious tribute Birds. Combining this with the last element MOR 80s rock is not a good idea. For some reason, I could not stop thinking about the time of the Monkey (GO) I watched it constantly. This is obviously not a good thing. <br /> <br /> While there is nothing here to compete topless diving, shark wrestling zombies and eyeballs on the ruins, a misogynist tendency FULCI did get to work with cleaners mouth hospitality to be crushed in the mirror until the blood flows . His fannish Gore preferences also see the hand of separating. Both topics are combined, when the woman's face will be thwarted, first one zombie, the zombie fruit that tears from the belly of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> the priest, this is obviously a step up from Zombi, the next five years. (Nine years from the perspective of all countries of the world). But without the original low-key charm he struggled, while the music of Stephen MAINETTI is inappropriate and inspiration. The cost of a bitch was one of the best things about the 79 movies. Here zombie attack played out on what sounds unnervingly like Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out For A Hero». In the middle of the carnage we get tedious love interest, and Roger and Kenny, two soft my type, who do everything from acrobatic urgency and constantly state the obvious. ( "We're out of ammo" to stalled shotgun particular outstanding). But where it also falls into zombies themselves. Low-key or not, the original FULCI was really great, rotten zombies. Skull Face, hearts in their sockets ... they were really something to behold. On the contrary, this stupid should be chosen for the more traditional "men with a small amount of paint on their faces" option. <br /> <br /> The climax rips too many Romero movies even be funny, while the use of the DJ is blunt and cheap descriptive tool. Does not contain the same elements of the perturbation and gratuitous nudity first, it is unlikely to have the same cult appeal. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Fulci actually came to the project after reportedly directing only fifteen minutes remaining shot by Bruno Mattei. I am quite sure that even the Fulci would ignore the ridiculous "flying zombie head" scene, and therefore credit the director for having the good sense to leave. Unfortunately, however, it is his name that is above the title of the film on the issues, so most people the impression remains that this film Fulci through. At this scale, it is a serious blow for him, for this film will reach what you imagine Fulci is regarded as the worst crime a way: that is boring.
