Zombi 3 begins as a group of well-armed men steal an experimental chemical is designed to revive the dead while trying to escape the man shot in & metal container containing a chemical samples. Man gets some green chemical on the wound on his arm that soon after turns it into a flesh eating cannibalistic zombies. Within hours of his neighborhood teeming with flesh Easting undead on the look out for fresh victims, of Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his military buddies find themselves in big trouble as they stop to help Patricia (Beatrice Ring) & her friend Leah (Deborah Bergammi), which was swallowed zombie birds (!). Total Morton corresponds to the situation and had to stop a zombie plague from spreading all over the world! But if he and his men will succeed? <br /> <br /> This Italian made the film had to be sent to the Italian zombie blood film director Lucio Fulci, but the story goes, he suffered a stroke, and therefore can not finish the film as a producer Franco Gaudenzi said second unit director Bruno Mattei & writer Fregasso to step in and finish the film. Apparently Mattei and Fragasso did more than just finish it, they actually ignored many video Fulci shot and added a lot of their own and ended in Zombi 3 is almost straight 50/50. Scenario Fragasso absolute mess, none of them had thought and as silly as it gets. Scenes zombie birds attack people not only technically inept, but the whole idea is absurd. Zombies themselves would not have a consistency that may be, look at the scene, where Patricia is located on the bridge and zombie slowly as they shuffle along, but then look at the scene early on where she was subjected to a zombie attacked with a machete, because one runs like this on steroids, the rationale for about 10 minutes before the movie ends zombies suddenly develop the ability to say that also looks abnormal. There are so many things wrong with Zombi 3, scene after scene very carefully and clumsily directed action, a horrible character & really dumb broken English dialogue, which does not make sense half the time. Then there was an awkward scene where zombies head in the refrigerator suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite someone's neck, the scene where the guy in Bela pollution suits in the end is going to kill Kenny and Roger, but instead use their automatic rifles, they decided to try and kill them manually, even if Kenny picks up a gun themselves, they still refuse to use their rifles, and when Kenny starts to shoot them all, they still refuse to use their rifles, and this is one of the most ineptly animals Azzano scenes ever put a movie and then have the end, where Kenny takes off in a helicopter, but it can not rest on the ground in a matter of a few seconds to pick up his friend, and then load the zombies suddenly arises out of some fields of grass, ? For when the zombies hiding another under piles of grass? All this may seem "fun", but believe me, it is not, this is a very bad movie that is simply boring, repetitive and just not working at all levels as part of the entertainment for a few unintended laughs, except. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to know who was responsible for what it was, but none of the staff are not very well executed. It has a mild limp feeling about it and for some reason, the creators tried to bathe every scene in the fog, the problem they are clearly only one fog machine and you can see that in one corner of the fog screen noticeably thicker as it comes straight out of the car and thinning as he scatters all over the stage. Since a lot of it is set during the day it does not add any atmosphere at all, and when they get it right, and the fog is distributed evenly across the screen, it just looks like they were filming a scene on a foggy day! The direction of the poor shall not consistency, and it just looks and feels like the bottom of the barrel material. Even the blood and the blood is not up to much, there is a bloody hand tearing at the beginning, in the scene when something tears from the stomach of a pregnant woman, legless woman (that actually took her feet in the pool, by the way & why not take the foot from a guy who I jumped to save her?) & OK several promising zombies as gory as it gets. For those who hoped to see the gore Fest, the likes of which Fulci regularly served during the late 70s and early 80s will be very disappointed that not no decent-feeding scene, no guts, no stands "head shots" and very little gore at all. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is bad, cheap looking special effects, film dull, awful music, places are soft and have a lower value of production breeds. It was actually shot in the Philippines, to save cost to a minimum. The entire film is obviously dubbed, the current still looks awful, although the English version seems to have been written by someone who does not understand the language that well. <br /> <br /> Zombi 3 is not a continuation of Fulci's classic zombie gore festival Zombi 2 (1979), he has nothing to do with it at all, except cash-in the title. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is amateurish mess of a movie, it will not be sad, it makes no sense, it's not funny enough to be interesting, and it lacks any decent gore. One to avoid.
