Where to start? I wanted to enjoy this film, and I did. Nevertheless, I would like to be able to enjoy it for what another zombie movie that is worth my loot, and he was not. It was a different kind of pleasure. It was unhealthy, perverse joy that I took part in watching one of the funniest films Id seen yet. And I do not much care what excuses Fulci were, there was no justification for this film is how it went. It was a bad movie all the way around, but I still can not give it less than 4 out of ten, that's what I gave, because well ... at least I was able to laugh at this discrepancy film. <, Br /> <br /> I had to present these zombies that were in all the ceilings of the buildings around the world ... to imagine that they are either bored as hell so they crawled on beems, and perched themselves high stone structures, or they saw the fleshy living motley band of jerk-offs coming around, that they took it upon themselves to organize numerous aerial ambush. Hell, what else is there to do if Youre dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at some of the zombies who perform what looked like a martial arts swings, punches, and jumping, and some Shambling about how traditional meatlovers. I feasted my eyes on a floating head that is never explained. I watched in pure pleasure terrible, like the land, they were, in Phillipenes, was completely immersed in fog, high doses of fog, and ponds were, how they cooked the castle moats. I had even perverse, when I saw that the design of a cure for this plague sketched on the board in the form of an octagon with lines extending from each corner to the "dead" written in the middle. I had to ask myself ... when science hardening zombies is that easy, I wonder if I could come up with something to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> All in all effects were overboard, then overwrite disgusting, I'm sure the original, which acts as the poor, the story is absurd, contradictory zombies, even in a bad sense, they couldve were all alike, and women are ugly, but I found enjoying this thing. It was fun to watch. It turned out that a very, very bad movie, and I would not recommend this thing, when one is not bad directorial exploitation films, but all the same, again I say ... it's worth a laugh. I thirst for zombie films, no matter what, but if it was the name of Fulci which is added to it, he shouldve been a lot better. I have the right to speak, the zombies Holocaust was better.
