I Fulci fan, and yet I must say that «Zombi 3" (aka. «Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") in 1988, which he did with the other two directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was rather disappointing, particularly in compared with his great predecessor, Gore own Fulci classic in "Zombi 2" (aka. "Zombie Eaters Felsh" / "Zombie") in 1979, it is much disappointment. Of course, the low score 4.5 already suggests that it's not a very good film, but these low ratings usually come from people who are not in the Italian zombie movies, as well as the enthusiasm that the Italian horror films and low-budget exploitation movies, I like a lot of movies, It has only been rewarded with the much lower estimates. In addition, many of my fellow Italian horror fans seem to think of this film as underrated, I, unfortunately, can not agree with. Not that the film was a complete disaster. He does have some redeeming qualities, above nauseating gore effects in all Fulci, which is always nice to look at the Italian Horror / Gore naked. The main idea of ​​the film is also not bad (Allthough far from the original), and I liked the image of the ruthless military. Unfortunately, that's about it. While great predecessor "Zombi 2" was a very bloody, but in addition to this is really terrible, is not afraid or scared for a minute, and often grotesque and sickening Gore is the only real reason to watch "3 werewolf." The film is sometimes interesting to watch, but only for the gore, and as an unintended comedy. I think it was mostly the blood that came from Fulci, and the rest is disappointing that came with Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which was involved in the pile of nasty cult films (eg, D'Amato in "Porno Holocaust"), and second It is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made, a god-awful «Troll 2". In general, it is certainly watchable for baked, but of all the movies Fulci, I've seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and I have seen most of the repertoire of the great director. I'm a fan of Fulci, and I always will, but I'm sure it was not his magic moment. It might be interesting for gore, but I recommend to look at any other film Fulci to it!
