I can not remain indifferent to the films of Lars van Trier. I think not "Breaking the Waves" nothing less than a masterpiece. I loved "Dancing in the night." I admired the idea in "Dogville", but on the whole exercise seemed too dry and too theatrical, less films. "Europe", which I see only now been acclaimed film at the time managed in the United States relative success of a European film and won an Oscar for best foreign film, but did not survive a good time, in my opinion. In addition, too much clear and extroverted exercise in cinema, for my taste. <br /> <br /> In the story there is a level of uncertainty that can not escape the viewer. The treatment period that immediately after the Second World War, not in black and white colors of the winners and losers, executioners and victims, but as a very controversial time when people on both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of the catastrophic events that are changing peoples and individual life people will always be a source of controversy even today, more than this was a novel and courageous two decades ago. Nevertheless, it is a means of expression, which in fact did not appear suitable for this task. <br /> <br /> The film seems to include many quotes go directly from Hitchcock films, particularly his early films, set in pre -war Europe, daring British spies to combat the evil German spies on trains crossing at high speed Continent in the dark. Trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and drama. There is also a train becomes a symbol of the first play of the degeneration of Germany after the war, her power, her obsession with order and control, punctuality and courtesy. The characters that inhabit the train is not the classic spy story good or bad guys. The protagonist is a young American of German origin coming to post-war Europe, which wants to become part of the aid and reconciliation process is in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with the liberators are more similar repressive occupier, to be defeated entirely resigned to their fate, and ready to continue on the path self-destruction with care disbelief mixed with betrayal. <br /> <br /> still processing this classic film that changes the director in this case. Actions of the characters, especially Leopold Kessler played Jean-Marc Barr, seems confused, and lack of trust. In general, the cinema does not seem to Hitchcock, as a poor imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s. Using color over black and white film which is used in the majority of time points in the intensity of emotional well is too significant. This is not something that Van Trier does not own his artistic means, but it is too revealing, it seems to be trying too hard to show that he is a great director. He is really great as it shows in some of his later films, but it remains for the audience to solve it alone.
