... but I expected better from Caroline Munro. She took a few good films, and I hoped it would be as well. in fact, she and this other blonde character (a girl who went to the electric chair, I think) were the only two of 8-11 actors who could act. this film has the worst acting I have ever seen. almost as bad as "Psycho" (1998). really dumb part was when she was in the shower and Marty faked it to pour acid batteries there. she starts to cry, and her cry is probably the most annoying sound in the world. She tries to leave, but "accidentally" falls back. I recognize that violence and story well, with the music Harry Manfredini, but effective, could have been much better. There were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they reveal a striking similarity with the akyroyd. In addition, if they are roasted corpse of the woman in the bathroom, do you think that they will scream and unreliable. No. Blond Carolyn Munro and are the only ones that react. Frank and Joe scarcely show any signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that when I saw fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would vomit. In addition, if Joe starts to say things like "what happened to Marty was an accident, it's not our fault." He says it's his nervous or frightened, but hardly show any facial expressions. the blonde begins to cry and says, "I'm afraid sincere!". and she grabs Joe. I believe that the actress did not really know what kind of guy who. the film's ending is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. more confusing than the culmination of the "Jaws: The Revenge". all eight friends end up dead, Marty kills them all, but then, you see something that looks like he's being chased by their rotting corpses, and then it just cuts to Marty still in the hospital after the accident, and then, when the film ends, Marty dressed as a nurse tries to calm him down, but we will see that Marty who gets in her clothes or something like that, that kills the doctor, and the film ends with Marty skin peeling from his people. which leads me to the next question. What would writers if it came to that?!?!?!?! he really expect people to understand what happened, hell ?? the ending left me so confused. the characters were still alive? Marty still holds the tooth? made events, we simply do not see happen more or not at all? I do not know. in general, this movie was pretty blunt. acting sucked, the music was good, the story was pretty decent (except for the end). basically, it's just one of your middle 80s teen Slasher clicks. see it just for Harry Manfredini and Caroline Munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Skaddamor (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the release of the film from an intentional drug abuse. I believe he was the only person who knew that this movie was that it really was. A pile of SH **
