The film begins with memories Doddsville County High School on April Fools Day. A group of students to play a prank on the class nerd Marty. If they will be punished for the game said the prank, they come with a higher leprosy, which is (compare to rate films slasher involving pranks on nerd class) is ridiculously awry leaving Marty simultaneously burned with fire, and disfigured by acid in order to be thorough, Fast forward five years, where we find the members of the student who are going on now abandoned high school for their five-year class reunion. We see that it is no coincidence that all of reunification belonged to a clique of pranksters with a retrospective scene, as all visitors are persecuted and killed by a mysterious clown mask wearing killer in a more complex and mind numbingly ridiculous fashion. It does not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery killer personality, as revealed by none other than a scar Marty, who seemingly used his nerd rage and high intelligence to bend the laws of physics and technology for tower school for his revenge scenario. The film takes a turn for the bizarre as Marty ends up exacting revenge on his former torturers, but pursues them ghosts. Marty finally completely drowned over the edge and takes a life of its own. And finally, the film explodes into a crescendo strangely disjointed overall scenario of revenge revealed to be a dream, especially as Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, his Beats limitation kills the nurse, and finally, disfigures his own face. <br /> <br /> scenario tired and suffering from a terminal case of the logic of a horror movie. Only originality comes from the mind-numbingly confusing way that shipped victim. Absurd-was-all-a-dream ending feels tacked on. It's almost as if someone pointed to the incoherent nature of the film, and then there is the author decided that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> From a technical standpoint, the movie is disgusting. Some scenes were filmed so dark that I had to pause the movie and play with colors on my TV. Acts subpar, even for films crusher. I can not help but think that the casting was part of the problem, all the actors look for at least five years older than the characters they portray, which makes the scene even more retrospective unintentionally laughable. Their lack of attachment to the film becomes evident, as half of them did not bother to keep the accents right through the film. <br /> <br /> All of this being said, if you like bad horror movies, you might like this, too. This is not the worst film of the genre, but it is not the best.
