Domino made that I hate above all, and I mean all the rest? Perhaps it was the general glorification be a bounty hunter; maybe it was sexism masquerading as involving and interesting study of working hard female protagonist; maybe it was just the kind of film with his bizarre and distorted yellow light blue hues, or the manner in which it takes an actress who Lucy Lui; which deserves much better than this garbage; and she was sitting there in one place in the room light can not directly hit the same stupid look on her face. Maybe it is editing; that the inverse fast editing of the fire and the manner in which the dialogue line echo, they told people like Keira Knightley, who, if you are buying as a mercenary, you will probably be able to fool yourself to believe that the world will end in 2012. <br /> <br /> no one comes from Domino with any kind of trust absolutely no one at all. This is a painful and wrong experience, draws inspiration from such things as Congenital Killer and letting loose the idea of ​​an audience is not even there for them. The main question: "Is Domino had to be some kind of comedy that with his funny bad lead, which says certain lines that desperately want us to think that she was coming across as" tough ", but in fact, it looks more like the arrogant fifteen? . old girl on her first day at public school, trying to impress their colleagues there are things that you do not really know how to react, they need to be funny or not if it is to be a comedy, which is the next question. "Do you is the life of a mercenary in fact We should exploit its kind for a laugh? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> The film opens with a title card "based on the true story ........ look. If it had to be some sort of post-modern art that allows the director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for its sole purpose, then you're just on another planet. However, in this one opening quote film defines the subject of the original text before the full run over and say, "like", which I believe is supposed to give them the opportunity to Domino older than it should be and appear on the Jerry Springer. After that we can handle msya the relationship Dominoes with her father, who died in the movie, when, when she was ten or something, that's the first use of "a kind of 'police, as in real life she was only four, but when the film was already over, her whole drive. It will already be born out of the death of her goldfish ........ <br /> <br /> Reality dates We then pushed into action with Ed Mosbey (Rourke);. Domino (Knightley) itself and potential love interest choco (Ramirez). During the scene, an American mother stiffly through the fire in his van at the back end of nowhere, she prays for the life of his son, to be denied. What is really the wrong opening; presenting his three wires as ugly people who break into trailers, burn weapons on innocent people, we do not know and get closer to the firing of homemade dog. <br /> <br /> The immediate feeling of hatred towards the three leads, the feeling, "No, why do you do it? Why is this happening? Bad seeds are sown and you know it, they stick. The film is painful to watch, even painful; these three clubs the way through the piece, complete with supporting performances from the actors, known for game characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here's another crazy postmodern slant, people play themselves and that "some kind of" joker played again. Christopher Walken even pops up in a very silly role thoroughly imbued with the character of Natural Born Killers, Robert Downey Jr. <br /> <br /> Since the film wanders and Domino poured into Ed and Choco in the gang, purely for its appearance I might add, that appears in the background of the story, to make a registration I.Ds fake driver or something that Choco and Domino can have feelings for each other. The problem lies in how each artist makes such poor performance in their respective character; no chemistry, and no feeling between them; the film is not a love story, so why even bother to go down this road in the first place? Does anyone care about these two characters among all fast edits and blow things up? If there is a "feeling" between Choco and Domino, it exists in such a small, tiny, minimalist scale, you have to ask why it is even included. <br /> <br /> So then the movie feels the need to crank things up descriptive wise. We find out the cause of fake I.Ds, which are related to someone else and the guy talks on mobile phone in the soundproof bubble. Soundproof bubble I believe, but he will get his phone under water and the bottle in the first place without it becoming swamped? he must have sailed very fast ?? double the speed hungry movie editing, which means something in the region of .01 seconds. Yes, of course. The history of the film becomes too complicated and just arbitrarily, before resorting to really dull climax, in which more material explodes. In addition, there is a very unpleasant scene to make a wall chart full of new ethnic groups and comedy movie works so dry that it should refer to "Jerry, Jerry!" Chant while the people on the popular American talk show. When the last time we laughed at "Jerry! Jerry! "? when we were, say, seven years? I went to get bored and depressed with this existence of films.
