I do not know if this is the problem more movies wines direction or script. As you'll see editing style exaggerated way in many reviews. It is absolutely distracting and without substance, which could be considered a good thing, if you look at some quotes from the movie. I do not write many reviews here, but I felt that this film was so terrible that it deserves comment. Movies like this will undermine in film making as an art form. Movies like this show more and more clear that the current focus of reality in film is to identify the quality of the characters behind them. People are there to sharpen the ship, there are 5 senses, and there is a sense of business - with a view of there own inner life. However, I do not put the blame on them, it is becoming more and more miserable condition of the age - qualified films like this. But proxy these manufacturers dare not call the artist vomiting there no inner life, or due to the screen - scatter it all. History of bounty hunters, guns guns and more guns, heavy hand flaunts sex - for oh so popular actress (They write on the lap dance scene after they wrote to her?), More complete, more exaggerated, one liners, non- linear sections. Everyone is different, and yet all the same. It is irritating to the vast music to push the emotions down the throat. History? character development? or simply put on hold, missing information, shown at the end to create the effect of * * the story - as if one took place. It generally does not have anything even remotely resembling subtlety. This is a caricature of stereotypes and genre. Where films with awareness? How about the subtleties of sound and music that you do not even know are there? How about the depth of sight? How about editing with the point of mind and consciousness? and even in action movies it can happen. Of course, they honed the ship; but what's the point without a soul and wisdom? insight into the human condition? Can people who commented and said that it was the apogee of art, or compare it with Picasso and others, - I say put it next to Gandhi or godfather, even the original trilogy of Star Wars or Lord of the Rings; then look me in the face and speak again. This is a good team, but they need help with the depth and history. I hope that they get it, because I like the crews of previous works. Better luck next time.
