It was another incomprehensible Christmas related titles, low-budget Mexican production of exploitation filmmaker Cardona (NIGHT OF THE APES damn [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]) that ?? as well as many genre effort from this country ?? It was purchased for release in the United States K. Gordon Murray. Judging from these two efforts have already been mentioned, cardboard was not a visionary ?? and it is one that has already received his share of flak here, of course, is not better! The film, in fact, is quite fragrant eccentricities that characterized the Mexican horror outings from the era, but given an extra dimension to the power of bright colors (which, due to severe redness ?? separately from the St. Nick, the devil plays an important role in the production of ?? around, it was necessary). Anyway, in a nutshell, the plot involves the efforts of Satan stall Santa Claus on Christmas Eve meeting with the children of the Earth; There is, however, still a lot of wackiness on the way: first, our portly, white-bearded and chronically cheerful man-in-red life in the heavenly palace, which in addition to accompanying the toy-maker children from around the world on his piano as they sing ( laboriously throughout the first reel!) in their mother tongue, attends Merlin ?? famous magician in the court of King Arthur, it is difficult, but fun to tend to children in leaps and bounds, and muttering gibberish! ?? once a year to buy a potion that will lead to drowsiness young and make himself invisible (by the way, anachronistic presence of the master is no less unlikely than it be a cohort of Dr. Frankenstein in the Son of Dracula [1974] !!); By the way, until now, he always seems to have gained some weight ?? so Santa has to work in order to be able to fit into a proverbial chimney! tricks of the Devil (enthusiastically rubbing his hands at every step, and usually hamming it up) to support program delivery St. Nick, it is quite childish: in fact, their eye for an eye machinations resemble old Laurel and Hardy routine over anything! For installation of the running time, we focus on three groups of children: one, the lone son of a wealthy couple who wants nothing more for Christmas than their company (projected as a wish-fulfillment fantasy, where the boy finds his father, wrapped in extra -Large bags!), a girl from a poor family who wants to have his doll (horned one first tempted to steal it, and then breaks their little dreams ?? but to no avail) and a trio of daredevils who, incited by Satan again, think about that, but it causes evil and eventually fall out together. There is certainly an idea at work here, but it is applied with a small rhyme or reason, while the overall approach preserves a minor entertainment (except for the film as a guilty pleasure) well at bay!
