This film begins Sant amazing, and I think that Santa can be ped. Instead of the usual elves toy manufacturers, it seems Santa kidnapped children from all over the globe, and forces them to sing a little bit like a character from "It's a small world!" I think there is no children's work laws strange astral plane, where he lives (this is probably not the North Pole, not on Earth) !! None of these children do not seem very happy, and I wanted to see the commandos rush in and save the Tykes, although I believe that some of the children of the third world, these working conditions may have been an improvement over the local sweatshop. Of course, I hope that all they do is sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene changes dramatically in hell, where lots and lots of demons dance about how they Busby Berkeley musical. It is a pleasure to put to a stop Satan, who orders one of them, the Pitch to go to Earth to destroy Christmas !! Personally, I thought that this film has already done it! The devil and his demons really cute - like a hot material from Harvey Comics, but with a cool evil goatees! Or, if you're Puerto Rican as vejigante mask with a beard! <br /> <br /> As a beggar Mexican guy named Lupita, a group of convulsive children who want to rob and Sant some rich kid, is the key to the battle fields of the Devil and Santa !! Thus, if the Prince of Darkness (not Donald Trump is another Prince of Darkness) is some way to make her steal and be bad, it will "win" - something that we do not know! In fact, since they introduced it, you get the impression that the filmmakers intend to be Jesus Santa - as he has all these great forces and struggles with the devil over the souls of children! Later, Santa meets with his friend, Merlin. He asks, to make him a special powder that makes people dream pleasant dreams. Considering how many Santa laughs in the film (as crazy chipmunk), I believe that it should use this drug a lot! He immediately goes to the blacksmith who makes it a magical key that opens all doors. Given that it keeps children as his personal "assistant" is the magic key that worries me very much! During the Christmas Santa's ride, you see Lupita behave like a little angel - one problem down. Santa then take time out now to take care of the rich kid whose parents are selfish jerks. He gives them some crazy cocktail that magically solves its problems - the two problems are solved. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs and help children solve problems! And for the little thieves, it provides them with charcoal! Faced with its losses to Sant, Pitch then tries to steal the sled (which is drawn terrible animatronic deer). If this fails, it deletes the cache Santa with the "magic powder"! As a result, Santa can not become invisible to avoid dogs and gets treed. Uh, well ... like Santa stray into the clinic Betty Ford when he stuck a tree? Will St. Nick down from the tree and get the monkey off his back, or will be hell to win? If you care to tune in and see. However, keep in mind that the film is bat-shit crazy! <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, the film yecchy. While in color, this is really ridiculous. Music is mostly done on the organ - which, along with bad singing with children, produces perhaps the worst soundtrack I've heard lately. And this story is simply incomprehensible and very, very, very scary. Devils and Santa that kidnaps children is just a creep-tastic. This is a film you should never show the children, but makes a great movie to watch with your friends, so you can laugh at him from beginning to end!
