When you see a normal version of this deformity or MST3K version, you can only be amazed at the full GALL, included in this product. The filmmakers offends the viewer intelligence from one end to the other, and obviously could not care less that they're doing it. <br /> <br /> All of this rock-bottom cheap. Even the 1950 car in order retrospectively to the period looks like it was draws from the landfill. <br /> <br /> «Houses" are, as you probably know, "understood" with poorly thought-out hand puppets and stuffed toys; when a person has to be attacked by them, it is clear that the toy passes to sacrifice his own body. If creatures go by two guards, it is shown (or, more precisely, not shown) of the camera aimed up at the guards as they look down and turn his head as if watching hobgoblins rush by. This is reminiscent of the scene in the movie "tangent", where two people are standing in the ruins of the future world, surveying the wreckage, and we did not show any of it. Budget constraints fused with utter incompetence usually means that you will not have anything worth showing, so why try? The "set" was very funny. "Club Scum» It was obvious that the diner; the house seems to have been the vacant house for rent or --probably sale-- which acquired a production company for an hour or two to make a shot. "Spaceship" is that I would have been a shame to build when I was making the model 10-year-old. <br /> <br /> The motives of the characters do not make Kevin sense-- gets humiliated his ungrateful insignificant from a friend, because he did not do it "proud of him." I'm sure it was intended to make their approval of so touching at the end, but any guy with a real self-esteem would have told her to go to hell and leave her. Nick supposedly returned from 2 months of preparation of army (yes, good regulation haircut, nickname) and seems bent on evidence that our country is protected by the sadistic, mentally deficient animals who are sexual predators. Kyle phone-sex freak in red shorts, who dreams of the night with a spandex-clad dominatrix type, but it is so effeminate, more likely, gay, than not. One of the girls a prude, and the second is cheap. <br /> <br /> And the brownies? In the end, they were all sent back to the warehouse, where they lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? What is the difference? Watch this movie and be amazed at how primitive shooting in our modern age may be if you have a stupid script, incompetent leadership, the actors that are so bad they will be removed from the theatrical performances of high school, and set worthy of Edward D. Vud- younger
