"House Of Evil» aka «Dance Of Death» 1968 is the first four odd and shameful recent films starring big Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. In contrast to the "snakes the People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (also 1971) and "Fear Chamber" (1972), all of whom were released after Karloff's death in 1969, "House Of Evil" was released in 1968 when Karloff was still alive. "House of Evil" is regarded by many as the worst of the four films, which, without a doubt, it's pretty lousy, but it certainly has its entertainment value as an unintentional comedy it. I personally prefer «The Fear Chamber» and "evil house" over the other two, just for the reason that the absence of the slightest logic is even more extreme, and since then there is no stress at all in any of the films, the lack of logic increases the unintentional factor fun. <br /> <br /> A strange story (I do not know, I can really call it "site") is set somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After some of the girls murdered and found with their eyes pulled out, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), captured by the organist, he invites his few remaining relatives of his fancy mansion, which is full of horrible toys. His relatives include Lucy Duran (Zhulissa), which deals with one of the police inspectors who are investigating the murder. <br /> <br /> I will not give more stories, but I can assure you that it is quite strange throughout the film. There are some very interesting points, especially some of the things said character Karloff. Boris Karloff was without doubt one of the most striking and important genre of horror icons that ever lived, and he is able to award this amazing film with a little of his greatness, and even though (or because) of his role (in effect bad writing and directing, and) in no way scary, it looks as though he deliberately plays it with a sense of humor. Just as in the successors of the film "Serpent People" and "Fear Chamber" Actress Zhulissa play again. <br /> <br /> Most of it supported the statements are funny amateurish cinematography and terrible places and landscapes are under contempt. The storyline is missing a little bit of logic and dialogue often makes no sense. It is a poor story and dialogue, however, is what makes this film so interesting to watch. "House of Evil" can be very shitty attempt a movie, but it certainly is (unintentionally) funny how bad it is. Supporters of Ed Wood's films should be very pleased, I personally found it to be fun. Crappy, but nevertheless interesting and definitely worth a look, because there is Boris Karloff in it and because of the fun factor. 3/10
