I had some time to kill before to watch football, so I saw this film, which is offered on the SciFi Channel, and literally after watching I thought that I was faced with my version mentally walking a death march of Bataan as my conscious beaten submission from a terrible movie that broke a series of mummies and Jurassic park. It was so bad that I thought it was the highlight of the opening credits of the film, and then he went into such a pathetic descent that did the recent drop in the stock market, it seems like a hiccup. The action was so bad, I was hoping that one and all will be buried at the end. Under the leadership of Wang Ding made me long high-caliber action of Steven Seagal in «On Deadly Ground", as he read the line was so wooden that Woody Woodpecker thought to do a cameo, to sit on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range is so limited, that I was under the impression my kitten was more clear when asking for popcorn to eat. The direction was so horrible, I looked longingly at the third level to play a concert of my nephew, who had more speed and better vision and the fact that this film seems to have been spliced ​​together with afterthoughts aforementioned film franchise can not even be thought of as a tribute respect. FX movie was so bad that I thought I was the director and producers enviormentally friendly recycling cheap special effects from the class Z click the horrors of the past years. Robert Wagner, Tom Boss and Jeffrey Lewis did in this movie for me, and they have to look at the lawsuit against its agents to mislead for their involvement with such dreck film. My warning one and all to watch this movie at your own risk as this film may cause your the IQ, to decrease during prolonged viewing. On a side note, I noticed on the IMDb that sometimes pay movies released I was wondering if this is the case, that the actors who have to give back wages for their poor performances in such films. Carefully and to be safe to avoid at all costs.
