Fallen begins with the archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Van Dien) in the desert showing the mummified remains of the 42-foot tall giant, now there is something you do not see every day. Matt works on the property developer Morton (Robert Wagner), who wants to build a resort on the ground and he is calling fellow archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller), for reasons I'm not sure. Anyway, they both try to find out what they have on hand that they, when some teams disappear, Morton pulls guard Amon (Navid Negaban) to cope with the situation. At the same time, the ancient text translator Rabbi Eli Schmidtt (BOS) transforms any ancient text (it will be), and is shocked to learn of the evil prophecy in which these giants will grow up and take over the world for the Fallen One, or something like that. It's up to Matt, to save the day & the entire planet ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, which also has a small role in the film as the leader of an ancient warrior at the beginning, I personally thought the fallen was a terrible film, and it is so simple and straight forward as that. There are so many things that are just plain bad for the fallen on both a technical and conceptual level, the script does not make a lot of sense and it does not really get going until the last more than 20 minutes until I almost lost the will to live. Character terrible and so formulaic as you like, bad dialogue, as well as in a very, very bad, and the whole movie is predictable, I mean, it would not be a surprise that Van Dean is going to save the day it is? It's not a big surprise that the mummified giant is going to come back to life, or so why wait until an hour into the film, when most of the audience will be in some state of coma. This is bad, very bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook not impressive, the fight scenes are absolutely awful and why put the bad guy in the eerie shade of purple? They look naff. To give him some credit effects on the most gigantic mummies are really good, though there's not that many of them, as he does not pretend for one hour, there is also some normal size Mommy, that look came directly from set the Mummy (1999), unfortunately, they are not used to any great effect, and in fact spent some comic. Mechanical Mummy was a good idea, but it looked silly and there's no way on earth that these people could work in sync with each other to control it, in fact, the more I think about a funny idea. Forget about any scares, tension or in the atmosphere and do not even think about any gore or violence, because it was not there. <br /> <br /> Technically fallen and there is nothing special, except for the big giant Mummy effects it has little carried away. CGI effects of ghost and water terrible, it was made for television and the show. Acting was poor, Wagner looks puzzled, and this is probably the only thing that he loves and Dien Bosley can get these days. <br /> <br /> fallen a bad movie, there are no two ways about it as far as I'm concerned. Not recommended for use at any level or in any case, one to avoid.
