The tragedy of the convict ship Titanic has inspired many books and films. The struggle between nature and technology always have time representation of a person. The last film about the tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by the famous director James Cameron's blockbuster. The history of the "Titanic" includes two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one vagabond artist, another aristocrat), and how their love wins over social barriers and the tragedy of a sinking ship, they were on . <br /> <br /> First of all, though, using the historical name, the film had little attention to history. The plot is built around two fictional lovers, the French diamond and treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people at the largest luxury ship of its time was the only background. Many historical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator, who ignored the warning of icebergs? Why there was no mention of the ship, which was only 5 miles away from the Titanic, but did not come to the rescue, because the captain was not able to identify the distress signal? Omitting these facts insult to tragedy. . And what is the meaning of flavor of this historic disaster with fictional cheese romantics, when the story is already so sad, as <br /> <br /> In general, the plot was shallow; rich equals greed and corruption, poverty of compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a film about how money corrupts. There was no absolutely no human side indicated in the antiheroes. It seemed that Billy Zane plays the role of the devil. Casting was very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear that she was his babysitter. The length of the film was too stretched to more than 3 hours. The first hour and a half spent on the establishment of relations between the characters, which were known to the public long before they went to the theater and dialogue, which was used to make this even worse. Hearing corny pick up lines such as "I see you" and "This is my side of the ship," generated more pain than the cries of the drowning people. In addition, the jokes were too much and quite inaccurate. <br /> <br /> « Titanic "did include some moving scenes, such as parts, where musicians played while the ship is sinking, but they were in no way close to the original. the best thing about this film was its special effects, and the only thing that really deserved award. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film lacked artistic value is, in a general sense, the public could not resist the sentimental story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), so the film became a success. Now we can say with confidence that the industry will be less hesitant to invest large sums of money in a movie, so it seems that " Titanic "did achieve something in the end.
