ELEPHANT WALK was thoroughly lackluster movie, and I really was very happy when, at last, a herd of elephants stormed the house and ended the film. Given the money and an actor, you are sure to expect that the film will be much better, although I also question the odd casting Dana Andrews is a man who is in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I just can not see the couple as a pair. Perhaps some of this may be a substitution error Miss Taylor Vivian Lee at the last minute (due to the deteriorating mental state of Ms. Lea) - even though I have a hard time visualizing Andrews and Lee as well. In addition, for an Englishwoman, Miss Taylor did not give up, even try to use the focus. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Peter Finch and Taylor meeting and marrying in England. They plan to return to the tea plantation Finch in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first seems like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to, and household staff seems to resent it. In addition, after returning home, Finch behaves as boorish jerk and Taylor miserable. Neighbor Andrews could see it and he declares his undying passion for her. But Taylor is not yet ready to give up on their marriage. But, in the course of the film treats Liz Finch, more and more, as an object, and finally, she is ready to go ... if from the blue, cholera affects the plantation. So to Andrews, Finch and Taylor work together to save the day - although at the moment I really do not care, as there is absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is pretty boring, and you can not figure out why Taylor did not leave her husband's mercy within a few days after arriving in this inhospitable hell. <br /> <br /> film is not particularly interesting or convincing, and, in spite of a decent budget for the Paramount, the film sluggish mess. I was particularly surprised that although the film seemed to be shot on the spot, many scenes were apparently filmed in the studio from the back of the predicted (and grainy) a shot that was not integrated well. In one scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and many sit on the veranda and grass bright green. Then, when the picture of cuts of people dancing in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that they are actually not in Ceylon in this scene or a scene with a giant reclining Buddha. My advice is to skip one or, at least, keep a pot of coffee next to keep you awaken. Despite your budget, it's just not good or inspired the film. <br /> <br /> By the way, could Miss Taylor was pregnant during part of this film? In some scenes (especially in the beginning), she wears wavy, has a double chin and looks puffy. This is not a criticism - after all, pregnant women! . But if you look closely, you'll see what I mean <br /> <br /> Also, incidentally, is the main story in many respects similar to GIANT - great Taylor film really! Surprisingly, as casting and decent direction can only do so much.
