After the capture of the person responsible for the murder of his boss, Deputy Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, III, tasked with taking the killer back to Italy. Along the way, however, the plane will be diverted to Malta. Shortly after landing, the assassin escapes. Now, with a little help from the Maltese police, sheriff's deputy Geronimo goes back killer. But will his "shoot first, take names later" brand in the Texas justice in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me get this straight forward, I saw a final fairness and without the Mystery Science Theater 3000 Comment. I saw scenes that were cut off, which helps make the film more than a single entity. And I saw chopped TV version, which was used for MST3K. Having said that, I must admit that I prefer the version of MST3K. Why? Because Final Fairness one lousy movie. MST3K comment helps to make it more palatable. By itself, this is a real snoozer thriller with a template dialogue (often comes with such thick Italian accents, it is impossible to understand), bad actions, the weak trend, the giant plot holes, and almost everything else you will find in a bad movie. And if the majority of Final Justice was not "so bad it's good", it would be terribly boring one film on top of everything else. So, yes, I like to often very funny MST3K comment about a bad movie on their own. <br /> <br /> My highlights sticking with comments MST3K and most of the reviews that I read at the closing of Justice, however, to draw criticism of Joe Don Baker. Major shortcomings in the implementation of the Baker actually have nothing to do with its size or choice of clothes your character or any other jokes scattered at his side. Instead, I think a lot of this is due to a bad decision to throw it in the lead in the first place. Joe Don Baker has always struck me quite a decent actor, but he's not the kind of guy I would call "Action Hero" by any stretch of the imagination. He no sidekick as he has demonstrated solid performance in several James Bond movies. Or, if you really want to blame someone problems with Final Justice, point the finger at the director Graydon Clark. Clark resume can not begin to compare with Baker. So I say, "Do not bother Joe Don Baker!"
