Witty. Unusual. True. Surreal. Butterfly wings? One might ask what all these words best describe, and some (those that fuse with the international film community) can quickly say accident, but others can hop aboard a US train and yell once, The Butterfly Effect. Oddly enough, I would be one of those who shout that science fiction film Kutcher mainly because none of those words that I originally mentioned in the beginning of this section does not accurately reflect Tautou function that I have witnessed . Of course, we all loved her in Amelie and I thought that she was the daughter of Jesus in The Da Vinci Code, but in this film for the first time director (full-length movie at least) Laurent Ferodo does not give an opportunity to shine Tautou. Unfortunately, it does not give the opportunity to really demonstrate NOBODY himself because he was too involved in the tender moments of "chance" to bring this film to anything, but just low tide (never present, boiling). Firode has enough, and I use "enough" as a small word, moments throughout the film, where he could have built us a fantastic story, really bizarre tale of love and coincidence, but instead he fell face first into the dirt -bucket chaotic weave that overwhelmed us with contradictory characters and a story that left us gasping for less. <br /> <br /> Tautou handsome face adorns the cover of the box, but do not be so taken as soon as I did in the condition that it will be another monumental tour in French cinema in Toty. Tautou in the movie, do not get me wrong, but it can be argued that it is not in the center of this story. Firode job is to create a series of random events that would eventually lead to a friendly audience (though misleading) final, which serves as an example that the value of refreshing "melodrama". He really, really can not. Firode fails to give us, the viewers, too many characters. When too many characters, he gives us too many random interventions, and in the end you do not really care who is who, or what is what, or how; your main focus happens to be centered solely on the ending credits and time of their arrival destination. Tautou could save this film from the disaster it was, if only Firode would give her center. Unfortunately, he did not, but he tried, it would seem to make a group of 12 through a theoretical film hole the size of fines. He just has not worked, and we were left with jam, in which we were completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because it focus so intently on the smaller details that, one of those rare films, in fact, he forgets the central focus. I can say that has not been defined central focus for accidents. In the beginning he is trying to create with the help of our two alleged protagonists discover that they share the same birthday and horoscope promises to love in the moonlight, but we will never go back to the fact that throughout the film. Instead, once again, we are bombarded with new characters, steamy scenes and pointless nonsense, obviously favorites to steer us away from the real story and more in a world full of "if, the Andes, and buts". I could not do it. I could not believe that this film. Writer Firode (yes, the same guy directing the trash) uses a technique so primitive in this movie, I immediately felt like ending it immediately. He had to assume that many of us were unable to actually following the storyline (or scientific background), because it captures the aid of the homeless actually fill in the appropriate blanks. I do not need it, I do not think it is necessary to humiliate Firode its audience in this matter. Although there were other elements that just do not seem to work for me at all (again, felt like a jumbled collage of Paris shredded paper), is the icing on the cake. I do not need my miniature through movies. <br /> <br /> I will give this movie one star for the loan. This is a hard genre to successfully master. Time travel films is particularly difficult because of the numerous possible number that never had to, but it works by chance, because the semi-Firode explores different ways. While I would counter with the statement that he is not doing so well, it was to make at least five full minutes of pleasure. I liked where Firode headed with this film, it was a real story schematically, but the final implementation of this film just blew to smithereens. Firode could have saved this movie, if he strengthened his character, while highlighting its background and history. I think my overall mood of the film would be different if it was taken only these two simple direction. Oh, I just would like to travel back in time to the production of this film is to show Firode error of his ways. <br /> <br /> In general, for the first time (and probably last), it was Toto film I have to say, very disappointed me. With a troubled opening in apathy finals, I just felt like Happenstance failed due Firode guidelines and terrible marketing. Marketing is something that I have not mentioned before, but why would someone buy this film, thinking it was Amelie 2 (for the title released in Hong Kong), and why would you place Tautou directly on the cover, knowing that she Sun was carrying this film at all. I believe that from the first minute, last on my DVD-player, this film has been in the doldrums. While I applaud his subject, everything else was well below the level of mediocrity. I can not suggest this movie to anyone <br /> <br /> Grade :. * Since *****
