I am an ardent supporter of the violent exploitation movies that would never attack the film for being tough or repel. I think, "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece, and I will always defend controversial films like "Woman's Day" or "The Last House on the Left" as a real classic. Anyone who looks at my other comments the user will notice that I am actually very violence / gore, when it comes to movies. Nevertheless, I believe that there should be at least one point to the violence. This piece of crap has no point at all. The first film in the series of notorious «Guinea Pig», «Devil's Experiment" (1985) is a controversial, but, unlike many other controversial films, the bitch has nothing to be recommended. I have to say that, before seeing any of Guniea-Pig films, I already had a feeling that I hate it, knowing what it was. Due to its status as one of the most controversial films around, however, I decided that I had to see. I am very glad that I did not spend money on this pile of shit, and I'm sorry that I did not waste my time with it, too. <br /> <br /> This one story (I do not even want to call it a "film"): it is not one. Three thugs tortured a woman to death in a few agonizing 40 minutes. That's all. There's no artistic value, not opened "shocking" stories, entirely unknown; nothing. Just disbelief that the film, which shows nothing for women, with the exception of torture for no reason has a large cult following. Alarmingly, I give it to him. Of course, anxious watch torture for 40 minutes. What is more disturbing, however, is the fact that many people actually seem to consider this a bunch of garbage as a kind of masterpiece. I really can not understand why. The fact that Gore look realistic effects can not be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim, not a very good actor, and reacts calmly to all the torture. This makes the film looks less realistic that, in this one case, a good thing. This is a film that is abhorrent; not his blood, but also for its redundancy, its existence for the sole purpose to show 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I am categorically against any form of censorship. It's 100% fake, and no one was hurt during its production, it is lawful to make such a film. Nevertheless, I can not think of a single reason why anyone would want this but morbid desire to watch the suffering and enjoyment of torture. continuation of the film "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" came to prominence when the actor Charlie Sheen took his actual Snuff and informed the FBI. Fortuneately, the film turned out to be fake. In general, the "Devil's Experiment" is a fake torture / snuff film, which seems to be the only goal, looking as close to real Snuff as possible. <br /> <br /> «Devil's Experiment" it is one of the worst films I have ever had the misfortune to sit through. Do not torture yourself by giving this piece of shit to try for its disputed status. Do yourself a favor and avoid. Zero stars out of 10, I was a negative scale to properly evaluate this pile of shit.
