Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most talented comedians in film today. With his hyperactivity spontaneity and his rubber face it can get crazy, and we love him for it. It has the ability to do a mediocre comedy (ala Ace Ventura), and turn them into decent comedic outings. Or, in the case of "Liar Liar," making them one of the most hilarious modern comedy around. Curry also proved itself capable of solving drama. He was very rich in both "Man on the Moon" and "The Truman Show." Typical guy <br /> <br /> Then comes the "Bruce Almighty," the perfect car for Kari, and a room that should have worked. Bark, complaining about God and how his life stinks, included with God's authority. However, the script is purely recycled garbage. Now, no matter how bad the script, improvisation Kerry alone, sometimes does not unfunny scene funny. The problem is that there is very little opportunity for Curry to be unleashed, because most of the comedy relies on silly special effects, only some of them are funny. Carrey rarely able to improvise, because he has to work around the special effects. The authors seem to think that all these special effects and the superpowers sequences were funny, because the rest of the movie is just filler without giving Kerry no longer work with a whiny character except that absolutely no sense of humor. He seems more like a 5-year-old yearning of our attention, wanting the viewer find what he is doing is ridiculous, when it is really just annoying. <br /> <br /> I've always liked Jennifer Aniston on "Friend" and it was very rich in the last year «The Good Girl». It also has a gift for comedy, but with the script as linear as she is, she's just given a part of the bitter friend. She comes across as whining, irritable, and there is no chemistry between the two stars. <br /> <br /> «Bruce Almighty" was supposed to be a comedy that works. But it does not even have the courage to address the subject, he makes fun; religion. A few minor giggles (its Internet Yehweh), but instead he just turned into a comedy superpowers comedy. Not to mention the fact that it is foolish to move from tons of heavy arms, and even black comedy at times. The film will not work on almost every level. This is not to see it completely devoid of laughter, but it's close. Any film that feels the need to include a dog peeing scenes to get his laughter there is a problem. But hey, if you find the pee jokes are funny, go for it. <br /> <br />
