When I read the summary of the film, something like what happens when a person receives the powers of God, and as he later learns that the existence of supernatural forces requires a huge responsibility and power, I though it was a clever and original concept. Casting also promised Kerry, Freeman, Aniston ... As the film with a good idea and good actors, not to mention the cost picture can be a bad thing? It can. The idea is good, but the script and the story itself are terrible. Bruce Nolan, let's be honest, pretty mediocre journalist, with not quite great stories (for example, the story of a giant cookie that faux pas, and the report of Niagara is a complete fiasco!) He is a man with difficulty he fully deserves (it is not good journalist he comedian), considering its potential, with a nice house, sugar sweet girlfriend, and he's a horror !!!! The dog, who is not trained to !!! So, as soon as the Bruce, at the beginning of the film begins to turn to God in "God, why do you hate me!", The average viewer to think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?". Bruce is not, and certainly not people with real problems in life. Most of the troubles that happen to him are minor and really not worth all this fuss he makes, and some of them are really just the result of his stupidity. Most people have a very big problem, it is worth attention, most people are more worthy of attention, that Bruce, who does not seem too human after all, does not seem even realistic, too dull and neurotic, but God still addresses him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman is as good as God, I can not help but ask him what he is doing in this particularly bad movie. And what do you do when God Bruce gives him his strength? God in this film could so easily give up their power to 5-year-old child and is unlikely to be any difference. No, wait, smart child, may use their power of God is better than Bruce. Bruce do? Entails the full moon closest to the ground to create a romantic atmosphere of the red soup, lifts the dress of a beautiful woman on the street, answers prayer by e-mail and make all of them come true !!!! No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce did really can end the world, but in the film that does not happen, because it is "a good family, a small film," and makes no sense at all !!! Nha hint of sarcasm, real humor, wit, with some filthy humor, at least !!! Never mind. Just Carrey play stupid, which is starting to look helpless in the average age of the actor. Aniston is understated. She plays pale, undeveloped nature of Bruce's girlfriend Grace, and is completely forgotten in this film. No one in their right mind would believe that the two have no chemistry at all between them. If Grace says a prayer for Bruce it sounds not only lame and pathetic, but it is wrong. These two are not meant to be together. I would have given three stars, but I doubt that the film deserves one. Bad script, lame dialogue, the lack of real humor, wit and complexity, as well as undeveloped characters and underestimate the role of Freeman and Aniston, the complete absence of insolence and sarcasm, all this makes the film is unlikely to ***. But well, there were a few funny moments, and Freeman's always nice to see in any film so lets leave three stars.
