I saw this film in his prime weeks I was 13 years old and I found at that time in 1975, it was adequate and a bit of fun. I then came to discover the world through Doc Savage novels Bantam old pulp magazine stories. I had no idea, before any of this kingdom Doc, but I quickly became one of the most avid supporters of Doc Savage you could ever meet. I have read (and still know) all the books Bantam, I started going to comic cons (with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all cause fat child event) and had a great time with every adventure I took Doc and book the original Fab 5. Philip Jose Farmer - apocalyptic life Doc Savage got a little bible to me and to this day I have very warm feelings about my phase Doc. The so to speak, I have to admit, now years later, this film is really missed. This is a film that does not know what he wanted to be when he grew up. Scenario film was childish and a little like a pulp story. These stories from the 30s are short and if you look at Lester Dent (AKA Kenneth Robson) outline for writing them, they broke into improved 3 act drama, who shouted to handle screen. One would think that with George Pal and Michael Anderson at the helm, could have been better. Parody elements to hit the target more serious moments almost there, but do not hold out. It is interesting to see though that they had hired a character actor Second-string (the guys who were actually just bite the player, and more to this film), all of which will pay off very well. Paul Gleason, of course, went on to be a great utility player in all aspects of entertainment and Bill Lucking is a television many years. All the others have fallen off the map, unfortunately. I want to have a copy of this film, it is the only version of the movie my character, but I'm afraid that I will not watch it as it is too painful. I would say, 0, but I give it a 2 out of 10 and for a certain period art direction (Doc answering machine at the end was a nice touch) and throwing 3-pressed to obtain the time in the sun.
