I dug it and watched it today. I honestly think that it should be 20 years since I last saw him. I remember it being seriously flawed film. I do not remember it being THAT bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am absolutely stunned that such a project with great potential was mistreated so reprehensible. Who am I to blame? These 2 guys who wrote (and I use that word loosely) script? Casting directors who so badly miscast at least 3 of the main characters in this story? (Only 2 of them are among the "strange 5".) The director, who clearly refused to take him seriously, and all the music on the pushing terrible bad written form the top and the bad acting everywhere? (I loved the theme song--, but it was never fully used throughout the film!) Don Black, who should be ashamed of some of the texts, which he wrote for the music? <br /> <br /> it figures that I have to pull it out, less than a week after re-reading the comic book adaptation. The first 15-20 minutes of the film is more or less (actually, less) parallel to the first issue of the comic book. When I looked at it today, I wondering-- why almost every detail has changed? Doc shows up, and then, using his wrist watch with a remote control to open the safe, and a sniper's bullet did not miss him at 5 inches, because the glass refract, were almost the only things remained the same. I mean, if you're going to do, "adaptation", why in God's name to change all ??? <br /> <br /> Once they leave the headquarters of the Doc, almost nothing, as it was in the comics (which, given the Roy Thomas, I think, should probably book). I read somewhere they actually combined elements of two different novels into one film. Again-- WHY? I have heard that it has been changed, because they were not able to provide such a budget they want. I look at the film, and I think ... the lack of money in any order does not explain what I saw on the screen !! <br /> <br /> You know when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they should really look into these things. The best thing I can say, I think it would make a great double feature from 1966 BATMAN feature-- and probably a large triple bill with the fact that in 1980 FLASH Gordon. All 3 films "stupid." Maybe we can "blame" in 1966, the film (and TV series) for this. Some fans have complained for years that Adam West BATMAN destroyed the image of the comic books in the minds of generations of fans, not comics. I think the same can be said about Hollywood. I remember a lot of really, really bad films, based on the "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (I think) in the late 70's and early 80's. Charlie Chan Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Lone Ranger-- all "killed" by the Hollywood types who think, "OH, comic books! So you know it must be STUPID! "More than they are" stupid "ones. Which is a waste of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me say a few good things ... In spite of the script and director, Ron Ely large. When I read the DOC SAVAGE story, I do not think of the paintings of James of BAM, I think Eli. Lucking Bill (who was later at regular A-TEAM) is terrific. Eldon Quick (that I've seen somewhere else, but I can not remember where) is terrific. Paul Gleason--, I absolutely HATED with passion and revenge in the breakfast club ( "teacher", like the one he played, should be banned teaching ever anywhere) may be the best of "odd 5" in the film. Pamela Hensley-- although part of it was almost unrecognizable from the original story-- is terrific. Before she let her hair, I realized that it looked a hell of a lot like «Ardala Valmar" from these terrible bands John Calkins BUCK Rogers I just read the other day. In her big nose as Ardala-- only not quite so pronounced. Ardala comics is actually more similar to the 1936 film The Princess Aura-- or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take yer choice. (Ardala actually received plastic surgery in George Tuska strips-- after, it was wonderful!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, funny enough, I saw last week in Get Smart episode. I wonder if it was nothing like the character he was playing? I do not know, because I'm not sure the character in the film the film takes its name from.
