After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days of the Nixon era and Jimmy Carter that the world would need a good old-fashioned head play hero takes on venomous snakes and criminals in the United States in 1936 or the jungles of South America in a series of fantastic adventures cliffhanging. Unfortunately, what he received in 1975, Doc Savage, Man of Bronze. Perhaps the best that can be said about the last movie of the legendary producer George Pal's is that it is often beautifully decorated, but unfortunately, the flat adaptation of pulp paperback novels Kenneth Robson was probably George Lucas and Phil Kaufman leaves theater and talk to each other, "We can do better than that" and adding whip shabby Fedora and some much-needed sign shortcomings in the mix. <br /> <br /> a large part of the problem lies in the fact that Doc Savage is in many ways even more difficult than writing for Superman das ?? edchyk, adventurer, philanthropist, scientific and intellectual genius bronze bleach blonde bulletproof muscles of the Greek god of the body (or, rather, a form of Tarzan TV, Ron Ely, rather dull Charlton Heston clone here), there's just nothing he can not do, and more damaging, anything that might damage it. Man is the virtual incarnation of Hitler Aryan Ubermensch (it is not surprising that the DVD is only available in German!), though with all-American values. And just in case, if you ever have something that he overlooked (not that there ever is) it has not one, but five assistants around him, in the (lower) Fabulous Five. Chemist, electrical and even archaeologist I can take, and the area I might even go so far as to see the possible need for a civil engineer, but a hero takes a criminal lawyer with him on his adventures? The brain trust reality Doc probably been added because the hero invulnerable so tiring and almost perfect in every way ?? even krypton will not put a dent in it - there had to be someone in danger in the story, though, with the exception of Paul Gleason they are so terribly bad cast and overdone (like most of the parts in the film) you »d happily kill all of them in the opening credits . Villains fare no better with Paul Wexler exuding all threats geography teacher as the captain of the seas, Scott Walker (no, the other one) to deliver one of the worst film accent (it's meant to be Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek, Pakistani or what nationality no one has ever heard?) while Marilyn Monroe-ish dumb blonde Moll Robin Hilton gives Paris (namesake) a run for her money in worthless Bimbo rate. <br /> <br /> Even with these shortcomings, it should be much better than it was considering various ingredients ?? lost tribes, the gold pool, dogfight with biplane and deadly poison, which comes to life, all wrapped up in a quest to find out why his father was killed Docks. Unfortunately, the question of tone: in the '60s and' 70s superhero pulp have not been brooding figures tend to the stage of implementation and special effect, but were seen as somewhat comical figure low-budget camp meeting scenes quickly knocked on the cheap almost mechanically, films aimed exclusively matinee on the market: you know, for kids. There have long been rumors that the original cut was more a straight face ?? and, of course, a large part of the cost of the camp were added in post-production, whether it be in the eyes sparkle Colgate Doc comic captions that identify the different fighting styles, in the final altercation with Captain Seas or fanatical lyrics Don Black John Philip Sousa marches to patriotic ?? but there were many in the film to begin with. In the end, it is difficult to see how one of the henchmen villain make phone calls from a giant rocking crib was ever conceived as nothing but a joke, which provides a flat, while the explanation of Doc Pamela Hensley, why he never takes girls It can be the scene written for Batman Adam West. Instead, funny moments, as a rule, purely unintentional, such as Doc displayed his gut feeling on the, um, Adam's apple bobbing. <br /> <br /> Perhaps an even bigger problem is that, while promising on paper, the effect is treated in almost relentlessly secular fashion, whether in pursuit of his native assassins on the roofs of skyscrapers of New York, or to escape the yacht, full of bad guys. Even the concept of winning animated glowing green snake twirled in the air as they poison their victims did not show any enthusiasm from director Michael Anderson: demonstrating its own invulnerability couple of scenes before, Doc manages to send them no more than a chair and an electric fan, easy pulling curtains on them. <br /> <br /> However, aside from the various vehicles Doc all stamped with its logo and looks more formed plastic than bronze, the production design is often quite beautiful, even if it very obviously stands LA to New York while cinematography Fred Jay Konekemp ensures that the film often looks good despite the low budget. And it's good to see a superhero movie that does not spend most of their time performing on the origin stories, though one still suspects that Doc Sprang fully formed from the loins of Zeus himself. <br /> <br /> is a movie that I would love to have more, but it just feels like 100 minutes of missed opportunities. Not surprisingly, the Doc Savage, The Arch Enemy of Evil, the sequel so optimistically promised in the credits, did not happen.
