There's nothing surprising about 'The Amazing Mr Williams'. One problem with this film is its lead actor Melvyn Douglas. He was not much of an actor and lazy with it. Most of his career, he allowed his good looks and fights and the way (usually, but not in this film), some great writers, to compensate for his lack of acting ability. I did not like Douglas as an actor before I knew anything about him as a person; I have learned enough about it to know that I despise his policies. I'll give Melvyn Douglas credit for one thing: it was the chromosomes to produce an incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas made this film immediately after the brilliant "Nina" ... to talk about. Comedown! "The Amazing Mr. Williams ostensibly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a detective in plain clothes to kill the team, named Kenny Williams. I've never heard a police detective named Kenny, but if they call him Kenneth Williams ... oh, what a carry-on baggage. The whole city is in a panic, because a serial killer going about killing women. No motive is given for this purpose; he just likes to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) Williams calls on the carpet to explain his inability to catch the killer. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS approaching. Cheap, vulgar, mediocre and unattractive Joan Blondel plays the mayor's secretary. (It does not sound quite competent to submit a letter, much less one type.) Blondell and Douglas squabble, like a cat, and a dog, so it's quite obvious that they are going to end up together. <br /> <br /> at the lowest point of the film, Melvyn Douglas decides to pull a killer dressed as a woman. You do not want to see, Melvyn Douglas in clothes! He was well over six feet, and he did not even shave that mustache annoying. Analogichnymtashed William Powell was an actor is very similar in type to Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented). If Powell dressed woman in "Crazy Love», he had the integrity to shave off his mustache real sacrifice, Powell needed to grow again on my next role. But Melvyn Douglas brings no relation to his role in this movie, not even a razor. He plays his drag scene with the same irritating grin he used for most of his career. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, «The Amazing Mr Williams» has a few of those great supporting players who made Hollywood films in the 30's so wonderful. Edward Brophy here is brilliant, touching and funny, like a criminal, it is unlikely that gets fired from his life in prison. Diarrheal Donald McBride well as the police, who gets mistaken for the killer, and almost lynched by the crowd. Ruth Donnelly great: as usual for her, but then she gets a chance to show their talents on their normal orbit to full-scale Warner Brothers. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and grins Dave Willock everything is good in small roles. Barbara Pepper (which I usually do not like) well here. Extremely unpleasant Fashion Abern gets some time on the screen; I always hate it, and it gives the same performance in each film ... but some of the audience to enjoy performance one note Eburne very much, for reasons I can not understand. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with Hollywood character actor of the 1930s, as well as the role that they have tended to play, one look at the cast list IMDB will tell who is the killer. This is the problem with «The Amazing Mr» Williams: all too obvious. I rate this film 2 out of 10 points.
