Even if you are a big fan of Sandler, please do not bother with this very disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, suggesting that it should be at least halfway decent as my man Sandler in it and because it is assumed that some of the women to undress (judging by the R-rated and poorly dressed women on the cover). Well, there are a lot of poorly clad women, but none of them undress. I'm not sure what the point was in Sandler's career, but I believe it was before his SNL days. I could be wrong. It's like watching one of his home movies. He could look back on a bad movie like this and remember the good old times ... but we (the audience) leave to dry. It is unlikely that this "movie"! Sandler makes a lot of talk on camera, and even admits to a certain point, that is "non-budget" movie (that's right, not a low-budget film, No-budget film). Thus, our work is very much to laugh at bizarre characters. There is no steady plot, it's like an extended sketch comedy show - but damp and poorly written one. The guy who played the opposite comedian was completely annoying, and it was unlikely, in the first place, that he would get a mass audience. And Sandler finds its comic inspiration, saying another classic Henny Youngman line "Take my wife, please", and the audience on the floor? I'm not even going to try to make any logic here. Of course, current and recent films Sandler is not known for having a lot of sense (penguin in "Billy Madison" dwarf in "Happy Gilmore» Happy Place), but the comedy works. This is strictly an amateur work, and even if you want to know the first days of Adam in the movie - you still will not be interesting. You better check its origin on SNL or perhaps underestimated his role in "mixed nuts." Of course, The Sandman is not the only actor wasted in this ungrateful cars. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a brief appearance, Billy Zane ( "Titanic") has a supporting role and a great Burt Young (from the movie "Rocky") plays a significant role. <br /> <br /> This terrible comedy, will likely gather dust in the rental section 99 cents of your local video store - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (10)
