Hollywood is now officially gone too far, and I hope that this parody of the movie creates a real reaction against them crap machines, despite the good cash profits. If you are industry people read our comments looking for hints on what to do next, STOP. Stop our television shows these repellents, silly, money digging idleness movies that suck. By doing so you prove one thing: Hollywood out of ideas, and is going to see the movie, they are in large numbers only perpetuates the cycle of disgust. What's next - You guys go and spoil the Bionic Man ?? <br /> <br /> The film is simply wrong, and manage to get the most stupid, the simple fact show quite incorrect, forgetting (or ignoring) that Uopat Tom & John Schneider and Luke Duke It was * reform * moonshiners. They were destroyed, we have learned the lesson, go straight, and were there to help people and to be good neighbors, who just happened to shoot dynamite arrows tipped with bow hunters and ride like Steve McQueen. Denver Pyle as Uncle Jesse was the moral center of the family, always insisting that the boys do good, even at their own expense or embarrassment when he made sandwiches and coffee when we were done chores. They have always done well, and was a kind of naiveté seriously about them, which was very attractive. We wanted to be more like them than we were, Variety. My favorite trick of the show was the way they always wear their seat belts before roaring away, which seems too moral for this film. <br /> <br /> transformed the family of the Duke in the pack sideways, while insightful, criminal thinking and baiting animals, misogynist film has not lost the moral point of view, where the show was all about how honest and incorruptible dukes were - and Duke boys in this movie is supposed to come off as the good guys? I wanted to hit them both in the nose. They seem to have a lot of free time on their hands, that could be spent doing housework back to the farm and eventually pursues less noble purposes, if you do not act like a pair of 14-year-old boys, who have not grown. There should be no marijuana, not to look at the good, and the marriage Coeds their breasts, no fiddling with the participation of the brothers in da Hood. All this seems to work on the marketing consultant who took the survey in a shopping center that the 14-year-old boys would like to see in a movie. The problem is that the 14-year-old boys can not remember the show IMHO Sun have to see this film as well as parents who might feel nostalgia for the show will be an abomination, the authors, the director and producers have done with our collective memory just to separate us from our money which is exactly how I feel. What were they thinking ??? <br /> <br /> And boy did they have * EVER * get Daisy wrong. Jessica Simpson all dolled up, like a shopping mall slut Pamela Anderson may be the only reason for anyone to see this mess, but you can serve your needs just fine download some promotional footage of her taking them and pressed them to the wall in the bathroom, it is unlikely or in the film at all (which is only saving grace of the film), and ten minutes or so, they used it was still excessive. Daisy Catherine Bach might have the same shorts and long legs that make people feel funny, just looking at her, but she played Daisy was * PERSON *. The error is caused simply be who she was almost a natural ring to it. It remains one of the most provocative sexual images of pop culture ever created, but there was someone at home. And most importantly, she was a sweet, caring person, who could not do when the guys go Ga Ga over it. <br /> <br /> Unlike Jessica Simpson seems to be a fake, contrived, made-up, costume, correct, aloof, bored, silly, and I do not think she even looks great in clothes. It does not look like a man, but the plot device, conjured during a transaction with someone who is her agent. Ms. Simpson will be well advised to immediately dismiss this man and make it appear as if all this never even happened. Whatever the joke, it is not him and shamefully exploited for T & A. If this is what she wants from her career, executive produce the sequel, if only to give yourself plenty of time on the screen, at least, because this effort was just pitiful. <br /> <br /> The essence of the Pass. Due to two tickets and go to Slurpee you can pick up one of Warner Bros. great box set collection of original shows on DVD, and the whole family can watch together. That's why it worked. The only real goal I see in the film may be the future use as a tool of interrogation at Guantanamo. After twenty minutes of this, and they will sing the chorus. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I mean it. And stay away from the bionic man, you schnooks.
