In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousin of Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) run moonshine of them Uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson), while avoiding the local authorities, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds ). Their problems with the boss just beginning as they learn that he was conspiring to Cut town for valuable ores found beneath it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen the TV show, and after watching the film, I'm not going to start soon. I love stupid comedy, but this does not offer a lot of laughter. It was pretty boring image with the first hour to be very difficult to sit through. The second part was a little better, but this film was even released. The film focuses on Bo and Luke too much. Symbols do not have a very interesting and actors who show they are not doing a very good job. <br /> <br /> action is not very good. I did not expect that it will be good in the first place, but none of the findings were not very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both give below-average performance. The latter was very good as Stifler, but he's trying too hard here. Last time, it seems, is looking for salary and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for its action, and is not it really is known for its singing. She is known for her own reality show and saying really stupid things. She's beautiful, but it is a weak actor. It does not matter, though, because it does not actually appear in the film and the character she plays is not complicated or anything. Willie Nelson also has a secondary role, and it does not do anything special. <br /> <br /> The script was written by John O'Brien, and he made two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first of these was the Cradle to the Grave, which was ok. The second was Starsky and Hutch, that was pretty funny. He does not do a good job here, though, as the history of the disorder. He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that can make this movie work better. The film is also quite long for a comedy. Well, 106 minutes is not very long, but it feels a lot more, because there is very little humor in the first hour. I think comedy should be short or they have to find a lot of material to cover all the work. The Dukes of Hazzard has just enough funny jokes to keep it for thirty minutes, not to mention 106 minutes. Sequences cars were average, and they do not save the already troubled film. In the end, The Dukes of Hazzard may refer to a few people, but most people would probably be boring, and it's better if you just miss it. rating 4/10
