Film perfectionism old television show, it seems the norm in Hollywood these days, but it's disrespectful, toilet humor, make-you-kiss-your-mother-of-the-mouth profanity, plagiarism is blatant middle finger all Dukes of Hazzard fans north and south of Mason-Dixon. With the opening sequence fact and Luke Duke, to make moonshine running Uncle Jesse (no gloss works in the show, because it would put the boys back to prison as a violation of parole) to the sequence of closing Uncle Jesse smoking weed with the Governor of Georgia (Uncle Jesse was a moral compass, despite his previous ways of brewing) is disappointing film waste with open-face icons. I can not tell you how many parents I've seen to get up and take their children out of the theater for the first 15 minutes of the film, when they realized that they were terribly disappointed. Original Dukes of Hazzard was a family show with the basic moral values. Original Dukes of Hazzard was a child safe, the Hemi food, fun show that parents should not worry about the education of their children seven words George Carlin. I have read reviews that say that the show and the film is not nothing but a racist. These exercising can be right about the film. This fixation is absolutely wrong about the show. The show, at least, was how to get along and be friends with anyone. Hollywood has finally come out in the open about their contempt for those of us Yankees, Rebel, or otherwise, who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family and do the right thing, even if it's not a popular thing. Hollywood has finally found its conviction that those of us in the depths of stupid, uneducated, beer swilling, foul mouthed, trash, which will buy any piece of trash that they are willing to sell. Prove Hollywood elite, they are wrong. Not go see this movie. Boycott sponsors. Fill Warner Bros. by e-mail and snail mail boxes with complaints that we do not appreciate their destruction is one of the largest tanker show of all time. Save your money and buy the DVD, the original show, but what you do ?? Not go see this movie
