Somewhere, in 1998 Saban acquired the rights to produce an entirely new Ninja Turtles live action series. Naturally, being a supporter of the TMNT back in the day, it is obviously peaked my interest. So when I started watching the show ... to say that I was disappointed with the end result is an understatement. After some time (more than in recent years), I was able to return to the series. <br /> <br /> First of all, let's talk about some of the positives. They have managed to recreate the den Turtles, as it was last seen in the movie pretty well, given the limited budget they threw at it. There's usually a darker atmosphere as a whole in terms of sets and whatnot. And Turtle costumes, while not the biggest part of the puppet and whatnot, were functional and seemed quite strong for most things the actions that will follow in the series. <br /> <br /> People tend to complain about the release of the chopper quickly and replace it with these original villains that could easily be used in the show Power Rangers. But you can have only Shredder get beat up so many times before he gets sad and undermines its value as a villain ... and besides, most of the fans do not understand or do not remember, or simply ignore the fact that in the original comics, chopper was offed in the first issue! Never mind the countless resurrection that would follow. So on a personal standpoint, I was sort of glad they got rid of the Shredder, because then the wait will build to the point where they eventually get it back later in the episode. I believe that Schroeder in small numbers work best, because then he met all the more memorable with the turtles. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they will eventually replace the original with these scoundrels who, as has been said, it seemed more appropriate for a Power Rangers show than the show Ninja Turtles. And with these new generics have magical comes new female possess magical turtle infamous Venus de Milo. I'll be honest; I never comfortable with her. I'm not against the idea of ​​a female tortoise; I'm just against the idea of ​​who uses magic and therefore sticks out like a sore sight among the clan ninja turtles, which seem to be more of them in the area. I almost get the impression that it could easily show the Venus de Milo to combat it and make-believe enemies TMNT only there to provide star power (or what's left, given the time frame of this was released). Fortunately, all of them have the spotlight together. <br /> <br /> Next Mutation was canned after the season on the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Given the time and perhaps another season, I really believe that it is a living iteration TMNT could be something and perhaps get a chance at greatness. But while the idea was sound, the execution was flawed (although there are a few good scenes in this series). As you can see, following mutation is one of those oddities in Turtledom, that is best left buried and forgotten.
