Dr. Hackenstein begins at the turn of the last century, "1909 At the dawn of modern medical science," to be exact. Dr. Elliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of its rejuvenation living tissue experiments, Dr. Hackenstein manages to bring the peel rat back to life, which confirms that he has succeeded in bringing the dead back to life ... It is now! "Three years later" and Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) round house Dock for dinner. As Dean Slesinger and Dr. Hackenstein eat they say about experiments Hackenstien, which Dean Slesinger always been against Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger his laboratory in his attic, where he holds the severed head of his wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker), who died in an unfortunate "accident" and can communicate telepathically with him (Christy Botkin provides Sheila's voice, apparently). Hackenstein doctor also show Dean Slesinger skeletal chicken running around in a cage, and explains that the process he developed, he will bring Sheila back to life . Dean has some fit and apparently dying. at the same time, sister Wendy (Bambi Darren in Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox), as well as their brother Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Victor Melanie (Stacey travis) drive along Hackenstein at home when they fail, they are seeking asylum and Help and arrive at Hackenstein doorstep. Hackenstein Doctor offers four Stranded travelers to stay overnight. Later Dr. Hackenstein visit two grave robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Anne Ramsay), providing a male body when Hackenstein really need female parts for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein be a genius, he decided not to waste the opportunity to have three young beautiful designs are available and starts "borrowing" bits «N» pieces, he must complete Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Richard Clark, I I was pleasantly surprised by Dr. Hackenstein, I argue now, that it is not brilliant any stretch of the imagination, but for the fact that I actually liked. He moves in a sound pace, even if it tends to drag a little during his middle as everything settles down. The script tries to mix slapstick humor as the scene when Dr. Hackenstein trying to restrain Melanie and she is trying to attract attention to his deaf housekeeper Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn) for expelling and Hackenstein holding Melanie behind Yolanda, who, seemingly oblivious to the fact that It comes with a touch of gore, but I would say that Dr. Hackenstein more of a comedy than horror at the concept and feel throughout. There are some tacky puns and sexual innuendo, and that is always good for a laugh, Dr. Wendy Hackenstein "You want to see my tools" as an example. I also thought the scene where Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) tells her daughter to no stunned Detective Olin (William Schreiner) was quite amusing sequence going round in a circle talking about why he does not look at them, even if he has only it was said, why the cell has not signed it, and that if he had not found a cousin, not to worry about it. None of them is not flat laugh out loud, but I must admit that I found myself smiling about and found the film as a whole, to be quiet fun. There is not much on-screen gore, a few severed limbs, decapitated head Sheila, some medical line and the skins of animals, which, of course, a fake, by the way. I liked the characters in Dr. Hackenstein well, it was a wonder in itself. Act is not brilliant, but to give each loan they put some effort into it, a lot of exaggeration, facial movements and some serious replay means that it's never boring, and three birds doctor Hackenstein fit if you know what I mean mind. Technically, the film is OK, but again is not going to win any Oscars, but I have to give the filmmakers at least some credit for attempting to steal a turn of the century period setting. It does not always work, clothing conflict with each other sometimes, the girls look like their Victorian England, while the guys look like it from the west. The house looks as if all the filmmakers did was remove any modern object out of the room and stick a few candles there! He comes across as a bit on the cheap side, but it's actually not bad at all considering watching a movie. We could have done without the comedy music, though. Overall, I eventually use Dr. Hackenstein much more than I thought I would, despite the fact that in itself is not a recommendation. This is certainly not the best comedy horror film ever made, and it is certainly not the worst either. Suffice it watchable piece of harmless fun.
