Apparently, there is a very good reason why I've never heard of "Doctor Hackenstein» in front of me, and a couple of mates stumbled on it and stupidly decided to give it a chance. Here's the reason: it sucks! This is a very pointless, dull, imbecilic and completely unmemorable horror comedy / parody. Actually, to be honest, I'm not even sure if this is meant as a comedy, because sometimes the scenario assumes a rather serious and trying really hard to be really ambitious and original late effort horror 80s. In 1909, at the dawn of a new era in medical science, in accordance with the opening sequences, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein needed exactly three women ?? no more, no less ?? restore his beloved wife, whom he accidentally killed. It is now only the head remained alive, but blunt Body Snatchers only provide male corpses. So if Dr. Hackenstein yells, "I have three female body to return to my wife," his word is not even cold and just magically appear three young women (and one really annoying nerdy child) with the car problem is on its threshold. Why did not anything happen to me? "I need a bunch of sexy sensual women to fill my empty harem !!!" ?? See, nothing! In any case, the good doctor sees that his wish has come true, but unfortunately, ?? for science, that is ?? he develops a liking to one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein» is inaccurate film that tries to capitalize on the success of «Re-Animator» and even brazenly steal some of the comic aspects of the classics, like the severed head talking acuity. It is easy to see why this film is never mentioned anywhere as it does not attract the supporters of neither horror nor comedy genre. Funny character, of course, loud woman's grave robber Ruby; drawn anti-angelic Anne Ramsey. 80-horror fans will certainly remember her from "Deadly Friend" Wes Craven, where she played a nasty old hag neighbor who gets decapitated basketball. "Dr. Hackenstein» supposedly takes place in the early 1900s, but hardly any attempt to recreate the atmosphere of that period (except, perhaps, for some cars). The laboratory of Dr. Hackenstein is pretty formulaic set 80 piece, with all kinds of boilers and smoke tubes full of fluorescent colors.
