Ghost, if you've seen the original, you know, a great ghost story, is perfection on film. It is a haunting story about 4 people who go to the haunted house, and with a simple trick of sound and movement, he scared people. It still remains in force to this day, if you appreciate the film. Therefore, when the ghost was rebuilt in 1999, a lot of people, largely had the same reaction, "WHAT? WHY? WHAT ?? "But, in my opinion, if the remake of quite respectful and just wants to invent a story for the new generations, I'm pretty cool with it. This is certainly not the case, it's just disrespectful sad shame that will waste your time and I guarantee that will not deliver no horror stories ?? Pfft! PG-13, that's where they thought? Not much, apparently. <br /> <br /> When her mother died, and her sister evicted her, Nelly gets a phone call telling her about advertising in insomnia study led by Dr. David Being in Hill House, a secluded estate. Upon arrival, Nelly meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange couple of janitors who do not remain on the property after dark. Soon after, two other participants in the study come, wild and Theo "bad sleepers" Luke Sanderson, together with Dr. Self. Unidentified participants, the real purpose of the bone marrow of the doctor is to study psychological reactions to fear. Every night, guards the gate circuit is Hill House, preventing anyone from Getting in or until the morning, when the wipers to open the lock. There's no working phones in Hill House and the nearest town is located at a distance of several miles. Essence Dr. revels in the history of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built the house for his wife, hoping to fill it with a big family full of children, but all children Crane died during childbirth. Crane's wife killed herself before the house was finished, and Crain became a hermit. The first night, Theo and Nelly are beginning to experience a strange phenomenon in the house, including odd noises and unexplained changes in temperature. Nelly faces after the main hall will be vandalized with the words "Welcome home, Eleanor" and becoming very confused setting, to prove that the house is haunted by the souls of the victims of cruelty Crane. She learns that Crain made his fortune by using kidnapped children for slave labor and killing them, if they were of no more use to him. He then burned the corpses in the fireplace in the house to hide any evidence. In addition, she learns that Crane was the second wife by the name of Caroline, of which Nelly is a descendant. Everyone thinks she's crazy, and Nelly is convinced that this is where she belongs. <br /> <br /> If it is serious, then I suggest you stay away from this movie, it really stupid and pointless. Not to mention the actress Nelly reproduced, Lili Taylor totally annoyed me, her speech, her eyes, just everything about it, do not get me started on the things I simply would not see her in the film again. Catherine Zeta-Jones simply did not fit into its role, as well as Liam Neeson, a distinguished actor wasted talent again. The effects of the way over the top and too computerized, I just can not believe that they would destroy the great classic with this bitch. Believe me, if you're afraid of something, afraid to see how you can turn a great ghost story in an annoying piece of exaggerated stupid ??. Oh, this movie has hurt me, simply does not understand that it is bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
