For those who saw and fell in love with the musical chorus, replace bad movie. Not only songs cut, but added unnecessary plot twists, new sequences choreographed dance, and, let's face it, Richard Attenborough does not know how to shoot the dancers. <br /> <br /> Onstage, Michael Bennett chorus was just that: Michael Bennet. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and all the rest of the world. It was two o'clock impartial, in-your-face realism that really makes you feel for these "boys" and "girls". The film, however, lacks empathy and depth: the actors look like they're auditioning for the chorus, not really listening. Every step, every line of dialogue sounds so deliberate and planned; Michael Douglas, especially since Zach controls too, so we believe that it is extremely angry choreographer. Even if he throws her tantrums, you will never believe him, because every gesture, every word with an accent, every nuance so obviously rehearsed. And as he does not dance: Kevin Kline auditioned for the role of Zack's on Broadway. Michael Bennet loved to read, but Klein could not dance, and eventually lost part. How do I want them to do the same for Douglas! The corps de ballet should be a show of pettiness, and aside from a few well-known personalities (Vicki Frederick, who played on the Broadway box office, and Sheila and Hund ~ d Alexander, the TV NewsRadio, as one of many dancers to audition), you should know what any of these people. Because you know these people. With a star in any of the roles of a terrible decision: if you focus on Michael Douglas and his conversations, rather than girls and boys on the line and their stories, you will lose something <br /> <br /> It. really a pity that the best sequence in the show (Montage: Hello Twelve Hello Thirteen Hello Love) is cut dramatically, to make way for a terrible new song called "surprise, surprise", which unexpectedly received an Oscar nomination. "Mirror Dance" office has a new song and the tragically sad choreography - one wonders why they bother to remove the version of the film at all if they are going to mess with a working formula is a lot <br /> <br /> For the lovers. musical theater and those who enjoyed the performances, this film is a sad mockery they wanted and loved. For those who never got to see the original products, either on Broadway or on tour, this film is the only mention of them have to go. And they will have to wonder how it is to be the longest-running musical in Broadway history - until a little show called CATS has not caught up with him in the late 1990s. But that's another story, and do not even get me started there.
