I do not step purists. The film could be made out of this game, and it will almost inevitably require changes ... Comme si Comme ca. But the modest ambition of this material are lost or misplaced the filmmakers, who are in full in the "small blockbuster" mode. It would be hard to imagine the worst director. Perhaps only the logo Josh and Jack Warner could have ruined it just like Attenborough made. <br /> <br /> Onstage corps de ballet was a triumph workshopping as a mode of production. Dancers responding to the casting were sitting shooting the shit about his stage career experience (very 70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, gave them a song and overthrew them as they are. ... It's amazing! Incredible modern. «Story'of ACL is (in turn) of the reply to the casting for the game we do not have a complete picture, because the game does not matter. That was before the meta idea was invented 25 years before the adaptation noodled with a similar idea. ACL also in other reductivist trend that is still alive, and that is the hallmark of contemporary art: that the technique itself exciting ... that there is more drama in the life of the common man than you could ever synthesize fictional characters. What a polite idea. The stage play was one area of ​​performance (an empty stage) and three different ways to change the background, in order to facilitate visual nostalgia, rather than keep the audience is distracted. Space retreats and actors have highlighted the stories. It worked just fine. This was the point. All these ideas are crushed or distorted. Set-wise, there was not one, and there are no costumes or until the dancers did not come out for their final bows, in which the wave «One», finally, powerful, full implementation of the (gold) hats and tails, with the movements we understand because we have seen them in training. Dissatisfied with the alarm is released, the play --- and the audience went crazy. <br /> <br /> After Grampa manhandles it, it's like mushed, strangled the bird. He apparently has an earlier, dear All that Jazz (and scenic part of the moat in the Dancin ') as he makes his choice. Hamlisch cost was irritable and interesting this time, but the time has not been kind to him. It's as corny as "jazz hands." And that's even before Attenborough ever touch him. He is an excellent detection of whatever good was left, and mangling it. <br /> <br /> A simple question may help Attenborough during the filming of "Can I bear the costs for a few minutes with people like that?" The main problem for any adaptation of the play, as the 4th wall of the theater (the rod of his absence in the theater), will be discussed in the film format. There has never been a "head-on" game. The answer they came up with was, "I'm sorry .. what was the question?" The cast was supplemented with a manageable number of unique stories, the crowd suffocating each other and the audience, and mixing them together lattice Selves. I was well past my irritation threshold, if it is annoying little man swinging on a rope across the stage, clowning in (not) an audience. The game is done, you understand theater. This film just makes you want to suppress them. <br /> <br /> Perhaps, Broadways annoying tendency of characters that go directly to the center of the stage and sang their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead associated with other characters began here. But the worst thing imaginable revival of the game will make you feel more alive than this film. <br /> <br /> A Chorus Line pure schlock.
