Broadway chorus was pure magic. On the other opened the show with a spectacular burst of energy is really a grand finale, joyous curtain all the members of the choir, which we loved during the show, we were fully occupied - captured intensely personal stories, funny, some clever, some confused, the corps de ballet. The film is another matter. The main focus is currently on the director - and that he was a cannibal! Every time the film goes to Michael Douglas, where he with a bitter, sour expression face, barking questions and orders, yelling and screaming every time he gets a chance. A guy !! It changes the dynamics of history. On Broadway, the director really overbearing presence of the scenes, but it was also a kind of theatrical device to allow the stories of these amazing strengths / weaknesses / intriguing / gay members of the chorus line, to be told with insight and clarity. There is a reason this work has won the Pulitzer Prize! Indeed, in one of the few moments a director, he was there to calm the young Puerto Rican Dancer after we hear the harrowing story of a dancer. Again, he seems to finally express their true commitment to / concern about Cassie. But in the film, the second directed by Douglas starts bitter barking orders, members of the corps de ballet stories become secondary. It's like they're a lousy profession, where the exhausted director, instead of showing the joy of creating a new exciting live show, a haggard, exhausted, furious to hear the members of the choir. On the stage it was always the excitement of the show. Here in the film almost from the word go, sorry for all the participants. During the musical, we desperately want each of the members of the choir well, and how happy we would be if they got the job! But, of course, could not happen. But in the final, when they returned to the famous suit with these strange spinning mirrors on stage, sometimes portraying us in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, and in the hearts of all the members of the choir and accepted and rejected, they have been on the scene ever She danced in the profession they loved so much, bringing the magic in the theater. In the film, after all the ridiculous storylines and accent that magic becomes completely blurred. We all feel (even with the exact same Curtain), is that some of the members were employed with the meanest director. So they all come and dance on the screen again. Big deal.
