For those who have never seen a corps de ballet on the stage, and the only exhibition in the history of this film was, this film is OK in the movie musicals, nothing special, just OK. I saw the show on Broadway 4 times and even auditioned for the touring company shows once and for anyone who is largely remembered the original production of 1985 film version so bad on so many levels, I do not even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never listened to a theatrical performance, let me assure you that the IRL when listening to the game, director, producer and choreographer never ask personal questions and does not give a shit about why you want to become a performer. The present theater listening, whether to play or a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you are auditioning as a dancer, you will get a combination of dance shows with a 64-bar once you do it, and then they decided immediately whether you are in or out. The original concept of the show was Michael Bennett specifying dancers life and enter into the profane passion to perform and why so many sacrifices so much for so little. The performance of these dancers. First of all, directed by Richard Attenborough takes so much attention from the dancers by increasing / relationship Zack Cash and casting of Michael Douglas as Zap. In the game, you will never see Zach ... he's just a voice in the back of the theater and its relationship with Cassie almost touched. Box office specified in the cab stuck in traffic trying to get to the audition and upstairs to talk to Larry (a character who is not even in the game) it was added to the film and took so much attention from the fact that the story is about. The main musical numbers were reduced or reinterpreted. opening number in the play "I hope that the Get It» shows all the dancers makes the combination of jazz and ballet, and then people get eliminated. In the film, they jam the three hundred dancers on stage and show them in close proximity to hide the fact that they threw people in the film who can not dance (you can say, "Audrey Landers"). "Good-bye 12 bye 13, Hello Love», the brilliant vocals study bile childhood memories in these dancers were processed as a "surprise, surprise" in the main vehicle for the late Gregg Bourget Richie. The most famous song of the show, "What I did for love," which in the show was a touching allegory in the performance of the whole cast that they give a dance, it becomes just another standard love song in the film, made weary to miscast Alyson Reed as Cassie. choreographed by Jeffrey Hornaday for the film dull and mundane, and do not hold a candle to the original production of Michael Bennett, "and if you make a film about the dancers, the choreography should be special. There are some good dancers in the film, the previously mentioned Gregg Bourget Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe, and Janet Jones, Judy, but they are unlikely to give an opportunity to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can hardly walk and chew gum at the same time, gives one of the best numbers show, "Dance 10 seem 3." I recognize that the final, «one» blinds, but you have to wait almost two hours for this. I would say that if you've never seen a corps de ballet on stage, this film may be worth a look, but if you're a fan of the original Broadway musical ... be afraid ... very afraid.
