*** This post contains spoilers (S) *** <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I adore it in all other respects. He also have his own fan site with the "Chuck Norris Facts", that is actually interesting. But this film looks like someone was laughing at the audience, putting all of these "facts" into one movie. I do not remember when I've wasted my time more than this "action". I do not know what is the worst thing this film has to offer to you a thousand times and unoriginal plot Made terrorists attempting to launch a nuclear strike on the US nuke smuggling in the United States, or perhaps that the "large" and dialog holders words of wisdom about life and everything else. Someone might find the worst thing that the terrorists actually speak English in everyday life. It's an endless list of shit. Not to mention a huge amount of archival material, used in the film, which is a kind of annoying. The main terrorist send his companions message through the media when he is captured and the only guy smart enough to see the treat is the Chuck Norris of course. No one in America is not smart enough to see that! And all the action in the capture of the chief, it's just ridiculous. One person sent to go through all the terrorist camp unarmed (I'm lying, he had a knife), escapes his stalkers with a miracle, and then click slips for hundreds, perhaps even thousands of kilometers from the nearest land (Afganistan limit of 450 km from the nearest coast), where he flees in a submarine. I was hoping that at least the fight scenes will be fine, but it is even more ridiculous than the plot. If you do not know, 85% of terrorist are the owners of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO beat the crap out of them. Not only do they kill them easily, they can kick and throw them at one stroke, and the bad guys are flying a few meters, like dolls. You may ask me, I watch this movie to the end? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see which of these two superheroes will defuse a nuclear bomb several hundred megatons and microwaves size. And then I realized that I was stupid. Of course, this is a film of Chuck in the end. And not only he, single-handedly neutralize an atomic bomb with tweezers, but he does it - twice !! . I could write a book about all the stupid things in this film, but I would spend my life eggs <br /> <br /> Thus, the creators of this film made another Chuck Norris fact should be added on its website: Can chak Norris defuse a nuclear bomb? And he can do it twice!
