During the filming of the 80th horror film titled «Hot Blooded», the director is brutally murdered, and leading lady scars, she survives the attack and managed to score a killer. After all this, production stops and stock reels left to gather dust. Thus, a group of filmmakers decided to pick up where the movie left off, although they warned people to stay away from the film, as the last person who was interested in the film turned out to be dead in a movie theater while watching a movie. From this he identified as a damn production. Without taking these warnings seriously the team is moving forward with the production, and they get the original stars of the film, to return from Hollywood to repeat his role, but not as a daughter, but the mother. But again, the murder begin to run with the cast and crew getting butchered unknown figure dressed as the movie killer. <br /> <br /> Look what «Scream» started! Hey, I love these movies, but mostly everything else that followed later were annoying and pointless excuses. At this stage, sub-genre is back with a vengeance, but it was not a lot of good things, as they were mostly unsuccessful attempts and unoriginal, where they followed the derivative paintings Scream franchise. «Cut», which is an independent Australian take on the genre textbook shredder purely shonky debris that lacks substantially all shamelessly knocks all other shredder Flick. But you know what I found this cheesy delight. Yes, it's Gawd awful and very forgettable, but it's a bit ala good cheap fun while it lasted. Although I hate it when I originally came across it, but the second time I knew what I was getting myself into, and it worked out better for him. It was simply just helping yourself a nice slice of cheesecake, but this time it was not so sweet <br /> <br /> The film was released at about the same time as the "Scream 3" and «Urban Legends :. Final Cut »made that all three have the same film structure use in the film. "Scream 3" is clearly the strongest of the three, but I would really watch this trash on the Urban Legends: The Final Cut. Though, apparently, more than a return to the 80-slashers than one of the illegitimate offspring to Scream in. To a large extent the film is given by the treatment of B-class, and that is shown in the script and performances. Dialogue is really mundane and hardly come up with any surprises and suspense. While the performances are pure mockery and Ringwald takes the crown for him. She plays washing actress returns to finish the damn movie, and I had good fun with its ridiculously absurd mockery performance. It provides a bite here and nails it down perfectly. The rest were mostly known Australian TV star (this is if you are an Australian) with Ravishing Jessica Napier leading throwing with like Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. Also pop singer (and it is assumed actress) Kylie Minogue makes a cameo in the opening just be hacked! Nice. These teenagers were mostly formula horn and narrow-minded kids who have nothing better to do but to be killed. Sometimes it seems that they are just waiting in the queue, because they do not have any real content to be there. <br /> <br /> The story begins quite interesting, and then sent to the phase of the mystery of where the red herring jump, but then he makes a sudden reversal, where it becomes a little satire of the horror genre. Simply, it is quite volatile and when it comes to an explanation for all this madness I kind of left thinking ?? oh my. This is when he tries to twist back on themselves in a reasonable manner, but, unfortunately, it falls on the way. But do not just love the opening end. In addition, some sports pop culture references and self-reference-cheek approach. Predictability makes his way in quite early and jokes can be more said from time to time, but he knows that making fun of a very few. The atmosphere becomes a little edge because of the humor taking the monotony, but still isolated big old mansion, where they shoot has some neat touches that added "some» spookiness. movie scene is pretty good too. <br /> <br /> At the present time, now that we know what we want blood and nudity when viewing this type of flick, but unfortunately there is no nudity to find and baked with blood is a fairly standard, if not enough, but it's more than decent for such a low-budget film. There are one or two creative death, and the others are systemic. The killer was not bad, but when he spoke, it kind of hurt it, I thought, well, smart-ass attitude did not sit well with me. Other notes production, which were deplorable expressions ranged from editing, soundtrack out of place and direction Kimble Rendall lacked performance and quite casually, but these factors contribute to unite in order to add some pure entertainment all harm. <br /> <br /> representation corresponds to the budget, it is true, but, hell, this lousy slasher does not try to be anything else. Pure schlock is a bit funny!
