I must admit that I laughed a few times during this trivial 2004 holiday movie, but it already comes with my short-term memory. In a career that slides rather quickly towards tabloid obscurity, Ben Affleck as a promising comedian character who has become woven into the advertising machine of Hollywood to recreate themselves in the romantic leading man. Judging from this film does not seem to make the conversion, as he still lacks the gravitas that would make his trust in such areas. While his friend Matt Damon takes on reasonable roles in films like "Syriana" Afflki appear in this type of commercial Pope. At least superficially successful, but lonely advertising executive Drew Latham suits Affleck is better than most of the other roles that he tried to <br /> <br /> Directed by Mike Mitchell (whose most famous film of 1999 in «Deuce Bigelow :. male Gigolo ") and scripted no fewer than four writers (always a bad sign), the flimsy plot revolves around the need for his character in" rent "the family lives in his childhood home to live out his fantasy to have an old-fashioned Christmas he I never had. the concept really is intriguing because there is something to say about the cat cally sentiment we are all aiming to feel among the frenzied commercialism around the holidays. The real problem, however, lies in the fact that the film feels like an extended sketch lacks any logic or real emotional resonance. Affleck seems to be on overdrive, which is desperately trying to, to be attractive, but the net result of exhausting all the actor, who has a habit of playing the annoying stupid man in ill-films. Fortunately, he has a love Gandofini James and Catherine O'Hara play Valcos, a couple who have decided to take the money supply Drew pretend to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays how rude, Sun -violent cousin Tony Soprano, but he does what he can in this role. From her classic SCTV days before Christopher Guest mockumentaries in O'Hara always comical stone regardless of the vehicle, and it is not surprising that it gets the best laugh like Tom's wife, Christine, whether dry or delivery One-Liner creates an inch vamp photo shoot for make- . In what is becoming a standard part of its screen, Christina Applegate plays a trusting daughter Alicia, who, of course, becomes a love interest Drew. Despite some good moments, where she enjoys deception plays his sister in front of his girlfriend Drew family, her character seems to change in a flash of lightning strikes, which makes it difficult to see that Drew will see it. The story revolves completely out of control in the last third of a far-fetched situations piled on another, until the plot threads are tied together in a short time. Rumor has it that most of the film was improvised, as there was no footage scenario. This shows, but I also have to admit that I'm stuck with him until the very end.
