I get the feeling that those who are involved in the creation of "Surviving Christmas" is not put much thought in the movie. The characters and the plot is so inconsistent makes so little sense that the film is played as a draft script thrown together with a small, but the concept of one-liners rich guy paid his family to allow him to spend Christmas with them. <, Br /> <br /> Ben Affleck, Drew Latham reflects the typical Hollywood image-rich, selfish advertising executive who buys his way through life. His girlfriend, Miss, leaves him shortly before Christmas, because she is disgusted that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which she calls the "family party", and the fact that Drew had never introduced her to his family. Later we learned that the father of Drew went when he was 4 years old, and his mother died, so it's a mystery why he did not just say that he had no family, and not to let his girlfriend believes he not taking care of his family. <br /> <br /> due to the fear of being alone on Christmas, Miss Drew dogs shrinkage (Why? I have no idea), which stipulates that make forgiveness ritual in his childhood. When he meets a family who lives in his childhood home, Valcos, Drew offers them $ 250,000 to qualify for his family, so he can relive his childhood memories. He gets angry when he later finds out that they have a grown daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he "did not have a sister," and even goes so far as to write the script for the family to follow in order to they act as his "real" family. None of this does not make sense, as soon as Drew says that he grew up without a family, but his mother. <br /> <br /> Also unexplained is the character of Alice, who is irritated that her family took money Drew, and refuses to play along with his fantasy. But for no reason, she suddenly begins to like Drew, and in a matter of minutes goes from hating his guts to act as his girlfriend. Drew such a complete jerk throughout the film that even his sad story of lonely Christmases of his childhood does not cause any sympathy; I almost wish he finished with "Just kidding! The real reason, I do not see my family that they all have restraining orders against me! "(2/10)
