Comedy Central has a habit of putting on large programs in the show and the Chappelle, The Daily Show, Colbert Report, but there are those that some people love or hate, Stella, Dr. Katz. Then there are some shows that have their advocates, but are simply awful- Mencia, and now, Sarah Silverman. <br /> <br /> This show is based on the fact, Silverman egocentric who can be funny (Colbert Report), but can be terrible (Mencia Mind). This should not shock anyone that I believe the latter case. This show is a parody of the sitcom and the community, the program is so absurd that it loses itself in its absurdity, and it's just not funny. The woman was made farting comedy many many times, because it is not that common. We do not need 25 minutes of this. If the offender was disarmed in Queef, it just loses its appeal, we have seen it in Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, except for the fact that women have been warmer, and the whole scene was more absurd, that makes it better. But the best comparisons of the show Stella, except that Stella was more subtle, and that made the absurdist comedy fun. It was better to act, and I think a little bit more realistic view fantastic. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the fact some reviews are so negative (I am very skeptical about the critical assessment, but do not deny the fan reaction) for this show is the amount of advertising on it, very unpleasant ads across many programs far superior to other advertising programs. Many people wonder why Sarah Silverman has a career, and others are still bitter when the best shows were canceled. This show should not make it past the pilot stage stuffy. Back to Norm showed far more promising, but the show makes it further. And as far as the critics right, many things have been universally panned seen their rise immeasurably status. Last I checked, Britney Spears is getting good reviews too well. Take this comparison, but you want to, because someone will no doubt accuse me of being psychotic at IMDb, they do not like this show.
