I think that this film was a bit overrated here. There are some things that delight in it; for that alone deserves credit for the fact that science fiction (ish) film, which is based on the story instead of special effects and action sequences to perform the next day. The supporting cast is good, set design and cinematography are good, and the ideas are interesting enough (although they are beginning to look a little tired after many mediocre Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones of recent years). But the film undo bad characteristics, wooden performances of the leading actors and ridiculously bad end. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had is that the protagonist was neither pleasant nor unpleasant. I understand that part of the story suggests that it should be a little (wait for it ...) cipher, but I could not work any empathy for the character, which just seemed boring, anonymous schlub with people. What is the nature of the transformation have to do this incompetent artificially imposed on him the story. Lead actor North was able to convey that the main character is confused and unfortunate, but fails in inspiring sympathy for him. Opposite him, Lucy Liu is doing what it can with a character that has no real identity of its own, to be the epitome of a spy movie clichés is not registered person. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments in this movie ending. I will not give any spoilers here, but I will say that the surprise twist at the end of the telegraph is quite clear, at least 45 minutes before happened. Further, after the contents to be evasive idea-oriented film in the first hour or so, the last few scenes and suddenly become worse terribly view Hollywood PAP, complete with large explosions and special effects. Identification McGuffin of the film in the end, it is poorly done and in the end, the characters seem to be even less pleasant than before, some of the major plot thread of the film have been resolved. <br /> <br /> The film is not all bad, though. It really is possible to maintain a certain low voltage level for most of it, in spite of the slow stimulation (although I think I have above average tolerance for slow paced films). And there are some moments when unresolved, paranoid feeling that the director Vincenzo Natali was clearly trying to cause rises to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the shortcomings in the current scenario and the movie. There is probably a good film that covers the same topic and ideas, but it is not.
