Let me start by saying that I usually do, as a style of directing Renny Harlin, for the most part, and that the filmmaker should be commended for a few shots. Unlike Harlin «Elm Street 4» and «Die Hard 2," which I really liked, there is something that is missing from this film. That, my friends, this is the scenario. Dialogue in movies such as this is always pretty awful, but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity. There are so many terrible lines in the movie, I do not even want to remember any of them. Not only that, but doing a miserable lines and seems to be more suitable with regard to bad porn than action adventure. It's almost like Harlin thought that if they slowed down the words, as they say, they could improve the script. Wrong again. <br /> <br /> The sad thing is that there are some talented actors cast in the role of the poor with the worst dialogue. Stallone was never my favorite, but if he acts circles around Lithgow, Turner, and the worst of the bunch Rucker, there is something wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best villains in "Ricochet", but comes across as someone who can not act to save his life here. How is this possible? I've always been a big fan of his and he gets taught acting Stallone, who himself still ringing in his performance. part of the Turner so small and meaningless, but it still manages to seem lost on the screen. Rucker can act. I know this because I was a witness to it in "Days of Thunder", but it seems that he is reading his lines from cue cards. Was he come to this? If Rucker and Li have scenes together where they say, I just wanted the film to end right there, or they are both surprising to find their acting skills. Unfortunately, none of these things happened. <br /> <br /> This brings me back to Harlin, who may be the only one really to blame for this mess, except the writers. It's his fault that I have never been involved in this film at all, because he would have to do people really act. The scenario is not very good, but still the performance of actors is something that destroys the film and must lie with the director. I do not care how much to pay for the special effects, most of which are good, you can not just sacrifice film with terrible acting. <br /> <br /> Plus, Shagan this film seems to be excluded. opening sequence has been good, and the airplane scene was very well done, but you need to take care of the results of a robbery at all. I mean, I understand that they are trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles in the plane of the stage, but I do not really care if they got money or not in this scene. If a bad guy would have won earlier, maybe I would not have to watch one of the worst movies ever!
