After watching the "Run" on the plane flight to America 3 years ago, I really believed that I had seen the worst film ever made, and I could relax in the security knowledge that I would never have to suffer that much in front of the screen kogda ever again. Unfortunately, I found out that this was not the case last night. Revolver so terribly bad, I actually think about the recommendations of friends to go and see it, just so I do not feel that I am only one stupid enough to watch it inflated. It's really very strange how this movie completely falls on his face with a constant, and I mean fix the voiceover of the main characters, with a completely stupid pretentious nonsense! I was really angry in a movie, listen to a completely ruthless buzz Andre Benjamin for what seemed like half of the film, while constantly thinking - what would Turkey do in this complete joke of gangster / crook, that he should be when he made his "offer"? I'll tell you what. He would have told him to f ** off, blasted his head to the side, and watch with utter contempt, as he just inept partner limping away as fast as his chubby little legs will carry. I mean that we must believe, passes through Jake's mind when they offer him their "solution" to their problems? They are crooks, so they obviously should also have the skills to cure the incurable blood disease! I mean ephah. Did not he begins to wonder why his symptoms are getting worse? Nha penny drop for the third day, what's going on instead of Richie exposing audiences painful patronizing phone call from Avi to Jake, to let him know that he had been cheated. <br /> <br /> In any case, I can add a small positive note to the film by sliding a dry sense of humor, when giving, fortunately, in the same ???? his previous films. bulls ** t! This film does not try anything as smart as redeeming himself after a few well-timed funny lines, oh no. It somehow turned out so disastrously unfunny I really have not heard so much as a fully packaged Titter movie ?? and those who know the UGC in Sheffield knows to what extent the main screen can be obtained, rather than one person so much as a smile. Maybe he never wanted the film to be funny, and fair enough, you can still make good gangster movies without the comedy, but what he was planning to hang this film I can ask? Needless to confuse the plot! ?? I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> So far, the most satisfying moment when I went last night to hear a very loud sigh from all directions of the audience, as well as all prayed desperately for the movie to end. Furthermore, it was really fun to watch how quickly the patrons fought and Cancel to exit after they realized that it was over and they were free of their suffering! <br /> <br /> I have to round it out (I »ve must finish writing this makes me angry), developed on the" end ". I mean sh ** t! Ending ?? .. no, I'm sorry, I can not, your just have to go and see it. It can not be put into words, it simply can not, and once you've seen it you'll know why. Uuhhhhh ?? shudders ??
