The film "52 Pick Up» just does not work. See if you are at all interested in Elmore Leonard or Frankenheimer, or anyone in a stunning cast, especially John Glover, who is really brilliant. But the book - slow-burning, noir thriller with lots of flesh - have been translated into an Oscar-debated film instead of a dud that could not figure out whether he should accurately reflect the cool, gritty story of the book of crime, or select shoot-em-up boom in 1980 th years of Schwarzenegger. The change of scene from the original locale in the book, Detroit (area where the Leonard lived and knows very well for many years), Los Angeles makes a significant problem that Leonard is trying to correct in his script, but ultimately could not. It was such a bizarre device makes wife Mitchell city council member (she did not have any work in this book), if you think about it: it's the only way you could ever plausible blackmail someone into sex-crazed city as the 1980s in Los Angeles for adultery, or any type of potential sex scandal. Even then, it is more plausible in the more conservative eastern state like Michigan, to believe that a) his tiny porn "industry" is a sloppy, greed hell, where the three losers were desperate to create not so stupid uppercase middle- class the guy is going through a midlife crisis, and b) one adultery may be something you could blackmail someone out if they are old-fashioned vertical career and his wife could not cope with the shock. As a consultant Ron Jeremy will show you, 1980s Los Angeles was a colorful, stylish porn Mecca, is more similar to the movie "Night Boogie" than dark, shadowy world of Leonardo of the hijacked tourist bus, grubby apartments and deals with drugs in depressed urban squalor. Again, in Los Angeles can be the background of the story, when one more carefully arranged scenery - there are a lot of dark crevices and psychopaths there. Unfortunately, Scheider Harry Mitchell in the film comes off as a sexy, beautiful Uebermensch dancing through their problems without even working up a sweat. In the book he was fending off union official jerk, struggling with the business, which was faulty. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war with friendly fire, that he is responsible, but never seemed to get to grips with. Elmore Leonard story, as a rule, have a central image featuring quaint civility between criminal and law-abiding citizen. Here Harry Mitchell sits in his office with his blackmailer, Alan Raimy, fingering their financial books to him and negotiates a more practical ransom makes for such a central image. blackmailer Glover plays a scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider reflects a victim here as daring "nice guy" who is responsible for the situation, as if it was a Rambo with the M-16, than the average person barely stay afloat as his world crumbles around it. "52 Pick Up» ends with one of the worst unusable conclusions ever, given all the thought that went into the original story, and then the film. Traps Raimy inside Jaguar Mitchell and blowing it with the music orchestra smashing together with sadistic monologue Mitchell, playing in the audience, who wants to "sweet spot," the film's conclusion Chuck Norris, not the intellectual balance the book by Leonardo, where Mitchell barely escaped in the end, and the conflict between good and evil could easily go either way. I left the theater, shaking his head and depression. Which is a waste of talent.
