David Chase «The Sopranos», perhaps the most over-praised TV show recently. Not only that, a series devoid of intellect and passion, it is devoid of soul. As someone who has read probably already know, James Gandolfini * the IS * Tony Soprano, a big, fat ** hole of the boss of the crowd had a bad b * the TCH wife and two bratty, sh * t-brained children living in - as you already You guessed it - the armpit of America (this is New Jersey, by the way). Not only that, Tony philandering adulterer, he also did not repent of thugs murder the crew «Saturday Night Live» skit worthy cartoons for subordinates. It is not the fact that Tony piece of shit bandit who offends me (and probably only me). Allow the characters to be who and what they are, without a trial, the American TV almost does not allow. But Chase - and his entourage-ate money, the Emmy-butted writers - not just allowed us to watch Tony and his team, how they behave, or they even tried to provide any understanding of the action / reaction of the reality (even obviously fictionalized) organized crime (a la "The Godfather"). Instead, Chase praise and approve of greedy, violent, and corrupt lifestyle of the characters in the same way that Tony, his wife, and even his hair brained psychologist to do every week (or should I say, month after month. Or the year after, a year? it seems that the miserable 13-episode season of the show was released with the same regularity as the lunar eclipse). Much has been made a series of failure to adhere to the "network" structure, with storylines that go nowhere and characters that appear and disappear as the backyard pests. But if the show is so brilliant in its absence, the structure is why it always feels like I'm watching a soap opera? Tired clichés crowd, bored housewives, self-serving, irredeemable characters and stories that do not go nowhere. More than ever, I can understand why so many Americans of Italian heritage are the p * ssed at this exhibition. That's enough to make you want to curl up with a good book (Dante "Inferno" comes to mind). <br /> <br /> People on IMDb like to claim that there is nothing good on television, and, thus, "The Sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. Are these the same people are too busy to pay your cable bill to watch "The Shield"? (It is included in the Basic, I know). How about (still good) "The West Wing"? Or acted brilliantly (if erratically written) «Boston Legal»? And that, perhaps, the best comedy of the past few decades, "Arrested Development"? And lest we forget that we live in the era of DVD-ROM drive - no * nya * look * anything * new. I'd rather pay $ 40 for over-priced boxed set of, well, pretty much anything * * than the HBO give $ 10 a month (or $ 80 DVD set!) Continues to prove how much of a hack-plant it could be. <br /> <br /> You want a good TV? See "Homicide:. Life on the Street" or "Murder One". Or "Picket Fences." Or even the Chase before the show, "The north side." If you are already among «The Sopranos» 's brain washed Legion fans and critics, it is too late for you. But if not, leave Tony and his miserable relatives, where they belong - with rotting fish. ( "Sleep" too good)
