Seriously, I can easily digest a lot of blood on the screen, gore, and unattractiveness, but what really makes this film disturbing and uncomfortable to watch it as a doctor character keeps on obscure the physical loss of raped women. He, John Cassavetes with "Rosemary's Baby", says torn womb and dry intercourse and mass loads of reddish (?) Sperm as they are the most common ailments in the small world of medicine. That being said, «Incubus» is ultimately STRANGE terror efforts. This is not necessarily terrible ?? although it is not very good, no ?? but it's amazing. Confusing and incoherent script initially rotates on the hunt for the rapist-murderer of flesh and blood (even if the name clearly indicates the involvement of supernatural beings), and it never seems to stop the introduction of new characters. None of these characters, especially not the main ones, do not come across as sympathetic and some never explained reason they all seem to keep dark secrets. The above-mentioned doctor has an odd interpretation of the daughter of love and began to behave as if he was a suspect himself, the sheriff of the city (John Ireland) is in a constant state of intoxication, and even does not seem to care about who holds the rape and murder of women in his district, a female reporter a little too weird for words and Galens (old witch and her grandson) are just scary. Together, they are desperately trying to unravel the mystery of who or what it is the destruction of women in urban areas, which reproduce organs. Sequence builds up to the rape and murder are beautifully atmospheric and vile acts themselves are bloody and disturbing. Basically it is a very positive factor in a horror movie, but the narrative structure is too inconsistent and too unpleasant characters for «Incubus», to be a really good movie. In addition, there are quite a lot of the tedious parts of the fight itself through (as footage of the concert Bruce Dickinson!) And direction are usually very reliable John Hogue is almost imperceptible. The last shot effectively nightmare, though. For me personally, «Incubus» was a bit of a disappointment, but there are still quite a few reasons to recommend this wonderful piece of horror the early '80s to open-minded fanatics of the genre.
