Young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) relaxing on the beach in the small town of Galena. They decide to start playing practical jokes on each other. Mandy hiding in an old run-down cabin, she was attacked and raped by unknown. Roy tries to help her, hearing her screams, but was killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are new to Galena after the death of his wife Sam. Sam called into action with the help of the chief of police Hank Walden (John Ireland), when Mandy and Roy meet. It performs an autopsy on Roy and Mandy treats for her horrific injuries. Soon after, as a curator at the local museum named Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) also attacked and raped. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports on events and offers to Sam that a similar string of rapes and murders occurred in the city 30 years ago. Even rape and murder occur. At the same time, one Jenny Tim Galen (Duncan McIntosh) was with strange dreams and nightmares, and is convinced that it has something to do with the terrible acts. History Tim and delve into the city's past makes Sam is convinced of the existence of creatures known as Incubus - shift in the form of a demonic entity that exists only for playback! Directed by John Hough is one seriously goofy horror movie. George Franklin scenario, based on the novel by Ray Russell slow, to say the least. Nothing interesting or exciting happens and he ends up with one of the most unfortunate cases, no twist endings I've ever seen, and it's just depressing ends abruptly. As the story runs forward at a snails pace has several rape, but none is displayed on the screen. There is only one scene of the film the blood, too. Sam monster is shown only at the very end and has three short scenes. Everything about this film is the priest's very static and flat film does not have the energy or tempo. Actions stupid and you do not feel there to take care of someone. Check out the scene in the autopsy room, where you can clearly see the boom microphone on the top of the screen a few times. horror trash type of filmmaking that you forget about during the day. The real waste of time, do not worry.
