Stephen King, as a rule, known painful, and that's fine, but the story is too painful. Some films, in the end, you get bored for the characters or situations which they have been put through ... then you're just feeling down. The film has a good feel to it (on the ground), to move his family to the country, and terrible old Fred Guinea greeting and warning them of the pet cemetery, but the story does not lead anywhere. It starts with such potential, but in the end, it loses the potential to be a good horror movie, and it becomes banal, very silly, and ultimately disappointing. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children and Ellie Gage, and their cat move to a new home in Maine. They warned lunatic farmer Judd neighbor (Fred Gwynne) of the local pet cemetery, and she cursed. Luis did not think anything about it and everything is fine, until the cat family is killed. He Take it in the damn cemetery and he comes back to life, constantly hissing at home and wanting to be left alone. One child Gage runs on the road and run over and killed by a truck, and Louis knew that he should be buried in the cemetery. If Gage comes back to life, it changes and wants to kill. <br /> <br /> With many of the works of Stephen King, which do not translate well into a movie, I blame the director and screenwriter. In this case, Mr. King was a writer, but I'm going to blame him for the terrible story. Until the end it is so pointless and unfunny though, the room clown. A little boy comes back from the dead, and manages to kill a man with what looks like a small scalpel, and not only that, but he manages to raise their body and in one case, carries the body from the ground to the attic! (?) I know it is not set to true, but seriously, how stupid it can get? The scene where Louis injects that he died, now lives a cat again to kill him surprisingly sad, because the cat does not deserve it. All this did go around unattended your own business, and he killed him. The scene in which he introduces his own young son almost unbearable. Nha unbearably boring, but on the whole the situation is terrible to think about. After injection Gage reeling drunkenly around before falling down dead .... why should they make a movie that ends with the death of a baby? ... But even worse, the actual ending of the film starring Louis hide someone else (who is not going to give) in the cemetery after the Gage kills them .... what he expected? Why did Mr. King to write this terrible story, and why it was made into a film? It is difficult and pointless <br /> <br /> My Rating: * a ****. 90 min. R for violence.
