This film is a special Pia Zadora! When watching it, I was reminded of the classic cartoon, showing a Hollywood starlet; in dire need of a role, but is afraid to be a type of a movie or a soft porn role «B»; who speaks her casting session, "Well, of course, I usually do not do roles that require nudity, but if it is necessary for artistic film ................" The memory brought a very naughty way like a cartoon showing Pia on this session by saying, "Well, of course, I usually do not take any roles that require the actual act, but if it really give me enough exposure to improve my status as a sex . .................. symbol "It's probably very unfair, quite dirty tale of wine Harold Robbins book, given the nature of narrative exposition of the PIA, of course, do not get too much attention and, perhaps, Pia (who once won an acting award at But terfly) intentionally making fun of it and not try to act it is almost impossible to play the role of critics usually point first cast as a problem, when a film proves a disappointment, but it is very unfair,. screenwriter and director are much more likely to blame real problem with «The Lonely Lady». It is that the script, as in the original book, looking for the feeling, rather than substance, and nothing can help with this. <br /> <br /> the script for this movie bad, but whether this story could be removed successfully with the best-case scenario, the stress dir Severe and really competent action should remain a matter of personal opinion. He was released, my audience rating for this will depend on whether or me to evaluate my personal opinion, or an assessment of the extent to which the film has been successful in ensuring that it aims to do. My personal rating had two out of ten would be for him; but to some extent, this film will probably provide exactly what its authors intended, and on this basis to judge the quality of the four in ten evaluation is reasonable. We are in a charitable mood and wanting to understand that I do not blame Pia my disappointment, I'll IMDb four rating.
