memory most reviewers banks here must be short-circuited when you try to remember these phianites of precious stones, because almost all managed to misquote Lloyd Bochner Walter Thornton, when anger capricious impulse, he throws a phallic garden nozzle to his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton ( almost in a coma Pia Zadora), which was used to sexually assault her earlier in the film ... but I'm getting ahead of myself. In any case, poor Lloyd could already growling this line in silent audience as much as it is his put-upon roles. <br /> <br /> Hard, as for most of us believe, especially these days, no one in Hollywood is not set to deliberate to make a bad movie. This is certainly not the most justifiable argument to make, because there just seems to be so damn many of them out. But then again, there is that breed of movie that you want to submit, at the time of its creation, from writing, casting and direction must have been cursed with the cinematic equivalent of trying to shoot at the March Ides. <, Br /> <br /> Lonely lady in this category, and is doing very well, considering the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in a recipe guaranteed to produce monumental fallen soufflé: Pia Zadora, marginal singer / actress so determined to be taken seriously, that it will take on almost anything that can set it apart from its peers (which this film certainly did!); several high-profile romance, written by Trashmaster, Harold Robbins (with carpetbaggers and dreams die first known); cast, which is likely to think that they were so lucky to work at all, they were trying to play this dreck, as it was Odets or Ibsen; plus the director, who, most likely, was a mercenary who kept moving mess only to collect a salary (and, probably, by contract undertakes not to require the use of nicknames in "Alan Smith" to protect what was left of his reputation.) Lipstick lipstick Lamont Johnson, I spit Meir Zarkhi on your grave, Roger Vadim's Barbarella, Showgirls Paul Verhoeven or Grandmammy really bad film-making, MA Frank Perry dearest Lonely lady is still often discussed (as a rule, disgust, disbelief, appalled laughter or a unique combination of their three), but also defies dissection, description or even pretzels logic Hollyweird. No one is sure how he came to be as it was ever released in any theater, or why he's still here, and almost impossible to get rid of, but take it or leave it, it's here to stay. And I do not think the fans are really good movies BAD be it any other way.
