Paul Armstrong is a liberal, Scottish origin, a law professor at Harvard University, known for its hot opposition to the death penalty, which is hired to take on the case of Bobby Earl, a young black man from Florida who was convicted of the rape and murder of Joanna Shriver, eleven white girl. Earl claims that his confession was obtained under duress by a police officer of a crime of sadistic and that the real killer Blair Sullivan, a serial killer already sentenced to death for several other murders. Armstrong visited Sullivan in his cell death row, hoping to convince him to admit killing Joanna, thereby saving the electric Earle's chair. <br /> <br /> At first all goes well. Sullivan recognized and Earl gets out of prison, when an appeals court overturns his conviction. How does it develop only a little after the middle of the film, it is in this moment that alarm starts ringing in the minds of the audience. "Attention! Major plot twist ahead! "And so it proves. The projected turnaround will materialize soon. Count it turns out, is actually to blame for the crime of which he had just been acquitted, and probably a few others as well, but had a diabolical plan with Sullivan to secure his freedom; Sullivan recognized the murder of Joanna, the graph will clog your father. (But why Sullivan wanted his parents are dead never precisely explained). Armstrong now believes that he is in danger from a man whose life he just saved; Graf has a grudge against the wife of Armstrong's own lawyer, who acted as counsel for the prosecution in the earlier case, if the graph has been accused of rape. <br /> <br /> «Just Cause» auto cannibalism is an example in which Hollywood occasionally indulge likes, pavers along a film processing and the plot of the number of other devices. The first half of the duty required to clear for films as «Intruder dust" and "Kill Mockingbird"; about the only difference is that the sheriff, who gets recognition with Bobby Earl himself black, while in the earlier films, he would have been white. (Police brutality is now equal opportunity activity). Central twist in the story was adapted from Costa-Gavras in «Music Box», although in this film mandate does not happen until the very end. The finale, in which the lawyer, his wife and their daughter is in danger from a former client, an obvious plagiarism two versions of "Cape fear", which also take place in the swamps of the American South. characteristic of Ed Harris Sullivan in the Bible quoted a religious maniac is a direct imitation of the character Robert de Niro version Scorsese in "Cape fear," made four years before " Just Cause. "<br /> <br /> (There is a postscript. that way the same as «Just Cause» borrowed from several other films, seven years later, he was a central plot twist was, in turn, is obviously a rip-off in the car, Ashley Judd "most serious crimes"). <br /> <br /> The problem with this style of shooting-to-numbers is the fact that the resulting film tends to be much less distinguished than those who inspired them. on the whole, tend to be significantly less than the sum of its parts, and «Just Cause» significantly less than a movie of those that have been turbo-generators to make it. Harris is usually a talented actor, but it is one of its weakest performances, mainly because it is not so much playing the character, as played by De Niro plays Max Cady. Blair Underwood okay, Bobby Earl (presumably) innocent young man with the early scenes, but unconvincing, Bobby Earl murderous psychopath in later. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as black Sheriff rather better, but not good enough to save the film. (Connery and Harris had to act together in another, better film, «The Rock», in the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with the "Just Cause". The first half of the film looks like a standard liberal "issue" movie, the death penalty, anti-racist and oppressive police mission. The second half is more like a work-hard reactionary preaching the message that all criminals are evil years that the only way to deal with them to fry them in a chair that liberal lawyers useful idiots criminal fraternity and that the police officers who beat up a suspect, It should be expressed as heroes. The creators of the film seems to have been blissfully unaware that plot twist accidentally introduced into the middle of his film was a (presumably) the undesirable effect of reversing its political position, or if they were aware of the problem, they ignored him. Properly folded plot was obviously considered more important than the political sequence. 4/10
