Well, what do you have another disappointment in my account. Secondly, in fact! First of all, although I like to think of myself that I know something about the 70 euro-operation and the most prolific authors, I had never heard of Joseph W. Sarno earlier. Here's a guy who has made more than seventy rancid and cult loaded exploitation films, and I did not see a single one! How? Why? What happened here? Second, and even worse, just when you think you have found a new source for obscure cult films, the most famous and supposed "masterpiece" of the director is to be irremediably boring and annoying film. However, lesbian vampire films form a rather minor sub genre in general, but some of them a bath in a sinister atmosphere and curious sensuality (as Jose Larraz "Vampires" or Harry Kümmel in "Darkness Daughters"). The film Joseph Sarno has nothing to offer but a rich amount of gratuitous nudity and even that gets boring quite quickly. the events take place in a secluded old castle hidden deep in the German mountains, where five centuries ago lived an evil and bloodthirsty (literally) Baroness. Her faithful disciples still throw that bare ntsavalnyya party in the catacombs of the castle, which are lit on the penis-shaped candles ?? Osh, and hope to revive the Baroness in the near future at the moment. Suddenly, (do not ask how) the castle full of young and sexy female guests, so even More erotic rites will follow. Sounds tasty and interesting enough, but «Plaything devil" contains massive amounts of sequences where literally nothing is happening, and where ignorant facial expressions of the actors simply unbearable! Serna is not capable of creating suspense or build a gothic atmosphere (or maybe he just did not) and power actress limit themselves standing topless in front of the camera and pull the really pitiful face. Please do yourself a favor: no matter how desperate you are aiming to see all the sinister Lesbian Vampire movies 70s, this one is not worth a penny! Even repertoire Jess Franco and Jean Rollin is pure art in comparison with the hopeless.
