Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, as it is more commonly known among English-speaking audience, begins with the actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Bachfellner like Ursula Fellner) check locations for his new film, along with his assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After long days of Laura relaxes in the bath of his room when he called Chris are two very dubious character (Werner roll) and Thomas (Antonio the Mayans) broke into and steal her unborn treacherous helped Jane. Lori agent hits the fan in the rental hero Peter Weston (Al Cleaver), who was briefed on the situation, the kidnappers Laura on an isolated island and require more than 6 million ransom. Peter said that he will be paid 200,000 to get her back safely, and another 10% of the 6 million if he brings that back, but rather than a rat up a drain pipe Peter & his Vietnam buddy helicopter pilot Vet Jack It located on the island and a decision on how to save Laura. Thus, the kidnappers in Laura & Peter has 6 million, but neither want to give them so much. Just to complicate matters is this isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell, in all generations they lived there, they only managed to build a thatched hut, it is now an entity), who worship a cannibal monster dude (Burt Altman) with bulging eyes, God with human life and this cannibal has a passion for young, white female flesh and intestines ... <br /> <br /> This is the Spanish, French and German co-production directed & co prolific Jesus Franco, who also get th credit for the music. Sexo Cannibal acquired a certain amount of popularity here in the UK, it has been placed in the "Video nasty" list in the early 80s under its alternative name of Devil Hunter and therefore officially classified as obscene and banned by saying that I have no idea, why, this is one bad movie and even Franco, who is not afraid to be associated with turkey, he decides that he wants to hide under the name of Clifford Brown. I would imagine even the most die-hard fan Franco will have a hard time protecting this thing. Scenario Franco, uh sorry, I mean Clifford Brown & Julian Esteban, Julius Valery, who was obviously one is less than impressed with the finished product and wanted his name removed, it's terrible. It's so simple and straight forward as that. For the beginning of the film is so boring, it's not true, then it steals the plot is one of the sad I have ever seen without any tension or anxiety involved and hand horror things do not improve, we get a big black guy with a stupid looking oversized bloodshot eyes plus two hand cannibal scenes. In the horror film Sexo Cannibal fails and how action adventure it has no more success, this is one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Director Franco shows his usual incompetence around, decapitated head lay actor achieved with large leaves, arranged around the lower part of the neck to try and create the impression that it is not attached to anything! Cannibal scene of a poor, lame and action is endless scenes of people casually walking around the jungle to get from "A" to «B» and does not do anything when they get there. This becomes incredibly tedious to watch in about 10 minutes and do not forget about it, that lasts for 94 minutes, in the director's condition. I should also mention hilarious scene where Al Cleaver supposed to climb on the rocks, this is achieved by Franco turning the camera on its side and having Cliver crawl on the floor! Just look at the way his coat and hangs as he never lacked for anything, he just pulls himself together! Blood is not so great, and how films are cannibals Euro is very tame, there are some rough closeups cannibals mouth as he chews pieces of meat, a man impaled on stakes, there is some blood and intestines handful. There's a fair bit of nudity in SEXO Cannibal and nasty rape scene. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal should have a low budget and I mean low. This is a bad bad movie made with horrible special effects and lower value of production breeds. The only decent thing about this is the installation of the jungle, who at least look real. Music sucks and sound effects are annoying, as there are a lot of heavy breathing when the ogre on the screen. Acting sucks, it was all apparently called one way or another, but no one in this business can not operate. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal terrible film that makes the fatal mistake of being as sad as hell. The only good things I can say that it has a certain scruffy ambience to it and those close-up of cannibals chewing meat is quite rough. Everyone is looking for a worthy cinematic experience should give SEXO cannibals as wide a berth as possible, one to avoid.
