Therefore, in the days before the Toxic Avenger, necklace low camp TROMA Films tried to take the high (Ki, somewhat less-low) way to get direct photo slasher. I would think that viewing the results are what convinced them to abandon all harassment and go for the self-conscious parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University another film for masochists in the audience. As winds around through two separate casts and countless meaningless podagovory, it actually becomes painful to watch. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> When he learned that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from the local hospital, the action moves to the Catholic University (I do not remember the name but in the name of honor, let's call it St. Splatter). Students sluggish and sullen, and say, petty with each other, bums ahead of its time. Meanwhile, the new professor, Julie Parker, is completely incompetent in their work. Children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, sexual abuse priests, and how to avoid doing any work in the classroom; Julie speaks with a terrible guy, inflexible administration in St-Splatter, counseling unwed mothers, and empty, expressionless eyes of his students. None of them does not mean a damn thing gets resolved, or in any significant way. Yes, and every once in a while, the POV shot comes and stabs one of the girls to death, but do not hold your breath waiting for him. There's a Red Herring killer, and then, unfortunately, disappointed confrontation with the real killer, then he returned to the store, and the credits roll. <br /> <br /> In slow motion and many senseless plot seems almost designed to produce the mounting sense of frustration in the viewer, who helped along the choppy editing, coffee may sound quality, and dialogue that just does not make any sense. And the most painful thing about this film is to secure the murderer to women - men in this film just so deserves. I'd've paid good money to see someone a moron with a pregnant girlfriend, or a fool Lothar ~ d, which was playing with a neighbor on her friend's room, or any of the terrible priests. There is not no justice.
