I bought a DVD BLOOD CASTLE on eBay for a few bucks, not knowing what it was, and all that I can say I was not disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those bad European horror films that are substantially softening as that thoroughly entertaining for all the bad reasons, besides. Opening the DVD alone is worth the price: our heroine, Dr. Ivan arrives at the castle, where she has to help scientists, Dalmar Baron, who does experiments on dead tissue. On his way to the castle 1) a man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) locks housekeeper struggling with it. 3) the maid wants her dead. 4) and, finally, Dalmar Baron almost spits on her, and wants to be the next day. Hmm ... something tells me that she is not welcome. With such a helpless arrival, you'd think that John would have to leave the place in New York minute, but not as many great bad movies, our "stubborn" the heroine decides to stay, and even enjoyed a candlelight dinner with a cantankerous Baron on the fact that the the busiest day. Intro so on-the-top bad (it is even more memorable than the first few minutes of this Canadian film, JUNIOR), I knew that I would enjoy it. <br /> <br /> But the fun doesn "t end there. Ivan repeatedly drugged when she goes to bed at night, only to wake up from unconsciousness, naked, bound and tortured in the light S & M sessions invisible man. Even after having these night sessions S & M, Ivan is still in the lock, convinced the angry Baron dimly, that it is going through nothing more than a dream. To wait, even after treatment, so bad from the get go, Ivan falls in love with the baron. Ivan completely ignores anything negative about him, including the obvious fact that the stubborn baron is popular with young women. Every woman in the castle (it seems to be only women working there) in love with an insignificant head, which is not averse to use a pretty young things. Things get even more ridiculous as someone lurking around the estate and kills (kills) women. In principle, physically disfigured brother Baron, Igor is responsible for everything. In a very long winded scenes, brother warns Baron, he should not get too involved in Ivanna or he will suffer the consequences. So Baron and John do it? Well, they get married, of course! In a very short marriage ceremony, Baron shot one angry local residents (the father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not stop Ivanna, who, among all the ladies of the dead and tortured, their surrounding, fun Comfort Skoda baron, that "it's just too early" and the two can go and enjoy their honeymoon in the castle, where the murderer / rapist / cat brother. All of this quickly turns into a nightmarish sort of love triangle, between Ivana, Baron and Igor. ! Blame it all on the love <br /> <br /> In any case, you get the idea: it is not so thin. Nearly all over-the-top ridiculous in this film, and if it's not OTT, such as a predictable climax, things get a little boring. But for most of the film, the director or the writer spree in one illogical bad moment after another. I love this kind of movies, all as thin as a blow to the head with a sledgehammer, and characters people behave illogically. Even those who did retromedia DVD understand it, and if you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest dialogue with broken dub a loop indefinitely. <br /> <br /> value production risible beautifully. The opening and closing credits, with these candles and red curtains ... ah, soupçon class. The music sounds sometimes like something out of a Tim Burton film, which only adds to the oddness of it all. And the adoption of this kind of film, when girls take off their clothes, they are just asking to be killed. <br /> <br /> As a standard film, I rate it a 2, but "it's so bad it's good" movie, I appreciate it's a solid 8 stars. If you like bad movies, please refer to it. It we must see The only thing left for me to think about this:. that would be required in order for a woman to get out of this fucking castle?
