(Various spoilers follow) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Nha Georges Guethary which is sometimes criticized for being too young and not-French. Nha Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for its very green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who often does not irritate me with Dickens. <br /> <br /> No, it would definitely be Gene Kelly. There's something about his screen persona that is too ambitious and determined for it to be convincing as a beggar artist in Paris, content to defer to the critic for an indefinite period, frolicking with young children and old women in the streets and painting. That's what made it so effective in Singin 'in the Rain and other films where he played an ambitious, focused characters. Gerry Mulligan, in a sense cousin Tommy Albright in Brigadoon, another story with Kelly Lerner as miscast American at the free ends, which fall in a colorful European place and an innocent woman who embodies her dignity. <br /> <br /> In addition, Jerry is not as nice as even a poor dazed Tommy. That's another thing about this film insulation. Jerry Miley sometimes ham, and even worse Lise. When he first saw last at the club, he pulls the pig to get her to dance with him. When she sit down, he pulls another dirty trick to get her phone number. When he calls her the next day she hangs up on him, he takes as a cue to jump at his workplace. And throughout all this, it is obvious that she does not want to have anything to do with him. If she starts to laugh at his jokes in a perfume shop, it's about as believable as Mila interest in his paintings. Of course, it is beautiful and playful, but why should shake her if she's got Henry, who seems like a gentleman to boot? <br /> <br /> However, it comes off as obnoxious in part because of the actress. If the role played Lise, say, Judy Garland, it is the soul of Jerry perturbed icons and glare. If she played Cyd Charisse, one could admire his guts. But if she plays the first descent, Leslie Caron, she looks and acts like a shy, vulnerable teenager, and as a result, Jerry just seems to creep. And why did they choose these other actor (although personally I would prefer they had solved things by changing the lead), when the whole story depends on the romance of two young lovers poor disentangling itself from its obligations Loveless elderly rich people? Not only that, Gene Kelly a few years above Guetary and Foch, he is old enough to be her father Crown. <br /> <br /> In short, I think that all this would have been improved by casting a young comedy relief type dancer, Jerry, the kind that usually appeared in the music secondary roles ... such as Ray McDonald GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in a small town girl. Maybe not necessarily it, while others like them. Anybody who could pursue Lise and did it not seem to be hurting playful; someone who would have been really happy living in this Chaplinesque shop; someone whose humor and naivety would contrasted better with sarcastic Oscar Levant irritability. It probably also would make ballet seem less cumbersome. And it could provide voice, which could best sing Gershwin. <br /> <br /> All of this may give the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I love it. He was terrific in most of his films, it's just not one (well, and some others). I do not despise AAIP itself, or; He has good moments, as the direction of art. And Leslie Caron, who, despite her inexperience is quite charming, and really looks like she just stepped out of the picture. Georges Getari does an excellent job, and his "Stairway to Heaven" is my favorite number in the film. Foch is beautiful and touching, and was to end with someone. But Gerry Mulligan. I would not wish that on her.
