N.B:. Spoilers inside. Appointment to the artistic director of the opera production naturally and inevitably means that you are going to get the piece of mind that the director. But the direction of Wagner's opera is particularly challenging as it was, perhaps, the most obvious opera composer in terms of what it should look like and how they should be developed. Syberberg loads this set of "Parsifal," Wagner's final masterpiece, with a sufficient number of foreign ideas, to call it almost burst at the seams. You get more than a piece of the director, you get all the well-fed wild boar, and then some. Syberberg to be admired for his tendency to tear the cover back on the ugly aspects of German history. But it works to combine this desire Wagner opera already overflowing with their own concepts? <br /> <br /> In scenes with knights Grail in Acts I and III particularly laden visual allegories and symbolism. They are shown come from Wagner's own time, long before that, and go far beyond. If you know what that means, that they can enrich Syberberg vision for you (but not necessarily improve vision Wagner); if you do not know what they mean, they're just confusing, if not annoying. I will not bother unwinding of the plot of the opera here. Suffice it to say that this is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of various elements, in this case a mixture of the legends of the Holy Grail with the principles, practices and spectacle of Christianity. The theme of redemption plays a major role here, as in almost every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> I personally had to work hard to get through the first act Syberberg (among my concussion acclimatization, music saved the day). But Act II picks up the pace. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil sorcerer, to lure the wandering "innocent fool," Parsifal. The greatest seducer of them all, Kundra will be used to induce him to the dark side. After the initial play with a lot of character, they are discarded, and a long, lush, the transformation of the young duo bum and temptress is really taking off. Finally, the film starts to work real magic, and this is mainly due to Syberberg of their choice, to set things natural and simple. Suddenly, the action starts (clear actress Edith Clever and juicy soprano Yvonne Minton team create beautiful Kundry); Suddenly the music seems to come alive and make a bright inner turmoil of the two characters. The camera work is simple and quiet liquid. In other words, Wagner allowed to tell their story more on their own terms. And it works great. For me it was the most exciting part of the film <br /> <br /> With the re-entry to the Knights in Part 2 of the Act III of, strange alien symbolism unfortunately creep back in some other loony ideas Syberberg ..: using a huge posthumous mask Wagner as a continuous core set (causes convex trunk composer overhang comically large); Knights dressing Act III in all manner of costumes, wigs and make-up (?? what the director says that the knights bunch of buffoons that they express, or multiple layers of timeless values ​​beyond their surface is a function only guess); insert ?? Only after an incredibly touching baptism Kundry of Parsifal ?? in the rear-projection footage leader rehearse in modern realism, his orchestra in the studio (it is quite dramatic cut my thread requires a few minutes to regroup); complete rejection of having the time to pass between Acts II and III (when we meet and Knight "narrator" Gurnemanz again, it must be an old, old, and Parsifal is to be reborn as a tired but wiser medium- elderly people); but, of course, the most strange move to share the nature of Parsifal in the male / female components. Some consider it the most brilliant way. There is no doubt that I believe Karin Crick, who plays "Parsifal 2" with the current strength and dignity (it, too, is the best of all the cast lip syncher). But please ... Wagner's Parsifal concept is so complex. Its growth from a completely innocent boy who does not know anything about his past, his breakthrough in the implementation of Act II that means eternal wound of Amfortas, and she became his own, his return as a great Redeemer Act III ?? this journey artfully constructed character. Bisexual accent just a gimmick and absurd. (And that we can not have this nonsense about homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal ?? just accept / apprentice-teacher relationship, which is facing an amazingly in-law III?) <br /> <br /> Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (although the choruses of frustration). But after watching this film, I just wanted to grab my record Solti led (recommended) and get my bearings straight Wagner again. film experience for me ranged from wonderfully funny rabies. By Syberberg credit, he has created a visually arresting work, and it certainly offers a unique perspective on the important opera. But instead of sticking to the "Parsifal," I think he wanted to bring in all of Wagner: the man lives, a great impact ... and all this in a crude symbolic code. "Parsifal" Opera has a total weight of symbolism: Grail, Spear, sacraments, baptism, Amfortas ever-bleeding Klingsor self-castration, Kiss, The Curse of Kundry, and so on. This is not to mention the * musical symbolism is constantly heard in the long run, as a system of Wagner's leitmotif. "Parsifal" itself is one huge character! Going back to my first paragraphs matters, all forests Syberberg is all too much for me. But if the project sounds like something to tickle your fancy, then go for it. I will not recommend just stay away from this; you may find yourself heartily pleased Or, if you need something to break your barrier Wagner, try ... but please, please do not rest on our laurels "Parsifal" is in.. late, very ripe league of its own.
