I understand that there is no statistical data to easily communicate between video games and real life violence. The film is false and false, because it is in total contradiction with itself, that I tried to emphasize in his initial examination. The film breaks down, not necessarily, because I really think that these children were under the influence of video games, but because the film establishes it as an "accidental" and not to the end. Let me explain. The Aileen: Life and Death of a serial killer, you can see its demands on the police and controlled by radio waves is ridiculous, but it is so alarmed that she really believes them to be true. The viewer can make a difference, however. On day zero, 2 children continue to speak as they do not affect the environment, which is obviously wrong, since they all contradict this. Nazism, talking about going out on CNN Wolf Blitzer (which is ridiculous, not only because they know his name, but his shameful attempt of the director, to get coverage of his bad movies) .. etc .. This the film does not reflect the "reality", he shows nothing but hypocrisy, to prove a point. Unfortunately, you fell for the bait and did not see it, and you did not pick up on it from my review either. The entire film is simply taking the hypothesis of Michael Moore and apply it to something "real life" in the hope of checking and it can not be, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the film is not and does not support him. Of course, I do not think that children who play video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, there is a videotape with children Columbine (or some teenage killers) shooting guns in the woods saying how much they look or They acted as a weapon in the mind? Hmmmmmmm, a distinction children are likely to know about the media influence, but, obviously, balanced or smart enough that it does not even matter. Zero Day a bad film, not because I really believe that there is a correlation, but because the director does not know what he's trying to say, and the film does more to refute his point of view, to support him. It's almost as if the new ratings, video data made someone upset that they have come up with a "zero day" in response. If you want to see the "senseless" theory of the killer of teenagers left to right, go see Bully.
