This survey is used for cutting the film, which is usually available as "Rage Wolfman». I understand that this director's cut there with additional staff, and I hope that it comprises at least eight or nine important scene, which seems to be missing from the section known as "Rage Wolfman». In short, the movie makes absolutely no sense. This is utter nonsense, and the nonsense in this incomprehensible. <br /> <br /> Waldemar Daninsky, that venerable lycanthropic anti-hero portrayed in Paul Naschy seemingly endless series of films, apparently a normal guy who has just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by Bigfoot. Somehow it turned him into a werewolf. Daninsky doctor, scientist and teacher that seems to college. One of his female colleagues, Ilona Elmann, participate in the vague form of hypnosis ... «Chematodes», a nonsense word used to refer to bundles of wires attached to the head of the victim. Ellman believes that it will give her the opportunity to "change the direction of the human brain," of course, which allows it to control the world, provided that it can get all we are attached to these wires without problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann in werewolves, because it steals Daninsky and takes it in her hidden laboratory. It has a bunch of other people trapped there. Some of them are like gypsies, and shackled, being in different states of consciousness. Others clearly hippies. Elmann feels that one day it may be able to "help them to be a man again," But at the same time it controls them with his chematodes Waldemar gets her hairy killer, wandering like a werewolf zombies (?) -. That is, until the time , the filmmakers decided not to use footage from another film glued Naschy werewolf, "Bloody terror of Frankenstein" (do not ask), and then the werewolf makeup in Naschy varies greatly, and he staggered around like an animal. <br /> <br /> Or whether it is to make any sense? Nothing? Good. this saving grace of the movie. He not trying to draw you in on any intellectual level, it simply is in full swing so that the dialogue is nonsense or cheap horror movie sets it can muster. "Rage Wolfman» Halloween may be the best movie ever. You absolutely do not need to pay attention to it, and in fact, if you do, you will be totally confused.
