I saw this little opus for the first time recently, on one of the DVD of the dollar, which seems to be everywhere at the moment, and was so moved by this that I can not help it. For those who have never seen this mesmerizingly helpless Mexican imports, and wants to see him without being harmed anyone else in the bile comments, of course, there are significant spoilers in future. So if you are one of those foolish people stop reading immediately and go and see it for yourself. If you get drunk enough in advance, you may be lucky enough to go before this is over. <br /> <br /> Will begin with the assumption that a person can become a werewolf after being bitten by a Yeti. Not one in the enterprises of the film explanation of how it could happen this kind of inter-species implantation, and the rest of the film is not more hopelessly meaningless. But pour yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you're drinking), and let us continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) is the kind of person who fights tooth pain in a city where only dentist was selling his stock of novocaine in the case of cheap whiskey, and was drunk so far. (Is not he lucky?) Expression in Naschy never changes, whether in or out of a make-up, and, perhaps, no one gave him any coaching on how to act like a werewolf. Sometimes he tries to imitate sit Lon Chaney Jr., but most of the time he just walks in his black shirt mafia, just another cool dude with a TAD too much facial hair. To be fair, the make-up is actually better than the actor inside it, but the continuity is infinitely worse. Naschy werewolf is the only one I can think of is that the shirts change twice in the middle of the hunt. He comes from a black jacket with a red shirt, and then back to black, and then back to red and then back to black, all in one frenzied night. I wonder what he always does CHANEY sit down while wearing a red shirt, a cool dude to walk while wearing a black shirt. And it is only when he is dressed in a red shirt, we see much of the rage has been mentioned in the title. Presumably there is something about that red shirt, which only detects the animal in it. <br /> <br /> Anyway, after being bitten by cross-pollinating the yeti, the poor schmuck goes home from Tibet to find out that his wife was sleeping with one of his students. Two illegal lovers are trying to kill it by adjusting the brakes on your car. He survives wreck, and make it home just in time for a full month. Then, after chewing his wife and her lover, he is distracted again, and somehow manages to get himself electrocuted. But is it enough? Can they afford this tormented wretch down? Not a chance. He raised an imaginary female scientist with hardcore S / M fetish, otherwise known as "Doctor" (and, of course, is not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). She digs it happens it away to her curly Castle, taking it down to the dungeon, his circuit to the wall, and gives him a damn good spanking. Presumably such a string of humiliations should be enough to put a bit of a rage in any Wolfman. <br /> <br /> After his two shirts excitement, our werewolf spend most of the rest of the film travels around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) In the course of his travels, he meets an amazingly incoherent assortment of clichés, including a man dressed in medieval armor, interesting inappropriate Phantom of the Opera simulator (presumably the Doctor's father), and a hard -partying frames indentured slaves. <br /> <br /> So what is all about, one may reasonably ask? The impression is vague, that has something to do with the control of the mind, and includes something doctors call «chemotrodes.» (best guess. I really have no idea how it is written, if there even is such a thing.) Fortunately, the experiment ends failure, and most importantly, it ends up ... before one has time to chew your own leg. <br /> <br /> you know, one does not really expect any sense of the film as it is, but at least it should be good for a laugh. This one is not. Forget about it, man. There is a creeping anarchy birth of this film, from its amended party, tequila-drenched atmosphere of his brutal and painful cinema score, which defies even the drunk trying to get any type of MST3K was laughing at him. If this is not a good thing for what the hell is it good? If Montezuma's revenge may somehow have been remastered and put on DVD, it would look just like this film.
