«La Furia del Hombre Lobo» forms a completely self-contained story that does not seem to fit in at all with the previous films Waldemar Daninsky. Some of them said that this movie should take place before the «Werewolf shadow" event, although he was released after ... they may be right, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this film Waldemar Daninsky bites yeti-like creatures in Tibet (great dialogue here - "It was a yeti, but this is not possible, I'm a scientist, and these things do not exist It was a hallucination .... That's all.") and although the sign of the pentagram, he is able to prevent a change in a werewolf until he finds out that his wife was cheating on him. The change in the animal one night, he kills her and her lover before running into the storm and the electric chair. it's not long before he raised vamp University professor who spends some bottomless eq . Perymentav with the mind control he brought to the underground vault of the castle, where the subjects of these experiments live like chained animals <br /> <br /> First of all -. Jacinto Molina, Paul Nash, whatever you want to call him, he's a wonderful actor and he cared passionately about his work. No matter how these weaknesses movies, you can always count on him worthy performance. the rest of the cast, it seems quite good, but it's hard to tell if they have half the estimated VO dubbed on all their lines. And it was in fact the main problem for me ... a lot of voice-over artists, they used were just awful, awful, awful. Every time, when I was giggling during the movie he was inept way that they spoke their lines (they seem to be constantly referred to as a hero «Waldeman»). But, unfortunately, it is practically impossible to find a copy of the subtitle Naschy films, although they are sometimes available in the original language without subtitles. <br /> <br /> directorial Jose Maria Zabalza seems kind of hit-and-miss ... there are some great visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, especially in the final scenes, when it really matters. The reason for this was that, apparently Zabalza drunk most of the time while on the set. He allowed his nephew fourteen years to rewrite the dialogue Malin, use additional services, without his permission, and spliced ​​a few shots of the early films Malin. All this is pretty much destroyed any chance of this film was supposed to be one of the best works of Malin, and it is not surprising that two of them have never worked together. <br /> <br /> But it's not all bad news, as some good ideas here. Some aspects of the storyline make for an interesting psychological drama with a werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and anger. "Werewolf as a yeti," the idea is the one who returned for further work Malin. Some pretty terrible and surreal stuff goes down in the basement and there is also a very memorable sequence about halfway through the film, where Daninsky goes from house to house through the village, killing and molesting innocent man as he is - one scene in particular, intense but this is actually lifted directly from the first film Malin, «La Marca del Hombre-Lobo," along with several other arrows. I actually found the film as a whole to be very interesting, although there are some problems with the version of Front Row Entertainment, such as fairly obvious reduce (although some of them may be simply due to the lack of continuity of the director). The gods know that there are shortcomings - I would probably try to get my hands on the director's version at some point in the future <br /> <br /> This is generally a decent piece of old Naschy, who experienced a supporter could. enjoy, but it could be much better, and so probably will not be a great introduction.
