I honestly had no idea that The Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon director, and killed the rapper) was still active in the 80s! I always assumed extremely inept "Empire Ants" was in his last masterly achievement in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands stumbled upon an ancient and dusty VHS copies of «The Coming», totally obscure and unheard of Witchcraft movie that actually it turned out to be more or less pleasant surprise! what starts out as a seemingly fairy-tale atmosphere of the late Middle Ages soon takes a turn silly when a villager in 1692 inexplicably gets transferred to this day Salum, Massachusetts, and quickly attacked Mr. Woman in the history of the museum. For you see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Anne Putman, who was fair angry girl in 1692 and falsely accused of more than twenty people in witchcraft, which led to their punishment in the state. The man who was attacked by Loreen lost his wife and daughter this and wants to be a belated revenge. But the poor and three centuries older Loreen just an innocent schoolgirl, ?? or is it? "or burned at the stake" unfolds like a mixture between «The Exorcist» and «Witchfinder General» with Thad a little «The Time Machine» thrown in for good measure. Way, Bert! The plot becomes more stupid and more senseless with each new turn, but at least he never goes outside in full depression, as often happens in other modern witchcraft films as "Dunwich Horror" and "The Devonsville Terror." The film jumps back and forth between the events in the present time and flashbacks in 1692; that keeps it pretty funny and fast-paced. Ann Putman girl pretty fascinating character, reminiscent of the character of Abigail Williams in the expansion famous play «The Crucible» (also depicted Winona Ryder in the film 1996). There are a few refreshing sequence of death, as a teacher or a journalist in a cemetery in the library made by malignant ghost nun, who signed a contract with Anne Putman, and perhaps even the devil himself. The film becomes quite spastic altogether absurd towards the end, but in general there are some good cheese was interesting to be. In addition, at least you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that he certainly build any director's powers for years.
