Wes Craven, you're having a laugh ... at our expense. Plot Red Eye inappropriate ... We ran into a guy who apparently spent 8 weeks to watch the girl who later turns up at the airport behind her, flirting and successfully chats it somehow wangles place beside her two seat space is not ranked in the middle five rows of seats (contacts in the registration?) and cheezily nice during pain slooooow accumulation. Then, when the air in a confined space, surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten idle, if the super-efficient, Rachel McAdams and talk nonsense like "we got I'm Dad, do what I say, or folder gets it. " Well, excuse me, but do not they already have her dad is willing to slaughter so that you are better Oughta long before she got on the plane and, therefore, is not whether it was oh, SOOOOOOO much easier to just pull out gala street and terrorize her in a room somewhere and forget complex and dangerous plot dad, pulling her nails or something, until it made all important "call" is required? Or even - because it's a movie, and we need more unrealistic twists - keep silent dad in their plight things intact, if you need to, but dress him better, so keep him in harm's way until the intricate plot not been concluded I made some sense, no plane dumbdown? On the other hand, not wanting to sound like the actual mindset terrorist / murderer - could not massive bazooka rocket Thang used was much more easy to use, say, a car driving along the highway, with a politician inside, not the 50th story of the seaside hotels of Miami, from fishing vessel (note, as we already know, safety in Miami is weak, so that they will accelerate away)? I know, I know a lot more fun to go through watching a beautiful girl for 8 weeks, to rob her dads house to steal his wallet (something - the star trek style - gets transported from Miami to Texas in seconds) to - perhaps - get her to arrange for the policy to change the number, and, and, and ... well, a thousand things that can go wrong here, each of which is destroying a large plan, so why not subtle elements down to a reasonable merchants, such as - 1 . launcher. 2. Vehicles. 3. Boom! It has a 50-minute ride home from the cinema has been spent allocating wealth gaps and blunt cod-Hitchcock turns, which, unfortunately, was the best fun of all the sad experience. As for the security back to Miami airport ... we have clearly crazy and violent girl escapes plane chasing police officers, who sits down during the chase, to have a coffee, moves elsewhere, to read a magazine in the bar, and then again running like crazy up and down the entire terminal ... now also pursuing a mad Cillian Murphy (no video then - I had a gun pulled on me for parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds at the Miami airport a couple of years ago). Thus, instead of talking to the cops - its allies - or get on the blower in a call box straight to her father to warn his life is in danger, McAdams prefers instead to steal people carrier from the family landside airport (damn call security ...) and brings home dad mows the assassin with a car in a flower bed at home in the affluent district-hour area, crushing the front porch in the process - an act which is actually a bit awakens dad up from an afternoon nap, after about a minute, but walking sticks for some reason are unable to register with the neighbors, who are not even a little curious, thereby providing shelter for more than 15 minutes as the antics of the duo running a huge type Hollodeck home. .. Dohhh, it really hurt to think about it - Killian (of course, renamed u stupid "to do it?) Becomes godless ice killer comically upset (and inconvenient) lunatic killer in the end, it is theoretically ruthless Manager of a man's life by allowing bad dad to live so that he could watch his daughter gets her goose cooked. I'd better stop, because the flow of nonsense I write here should sound as inconsistent as the Red Eye scenario. If Ms. McAdams was not allowed to board the plane in the first place name could be OZM enena, from the "red-eye" to "Not eyes, dear. RR
