There are moments in this unique cartoon pure beauty, but in general is not very good. Limited animation, as well as sub-standard character and background will limit their mass market appeal. Character design looks like a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney's Kim, (Brendan, the main character in this also bares a striking resemblance to Ron overcome in Kim Possible) design ranges background far and wide, as there is on fresh and burdened stylish and severe, but by today's standards, it is generally still poor and cheap looking. Many backgrounds bare similarities in the Eastern European and Scandinavian animation since the mid 80's, well in their own way, but for the modern audience of children, which are used for CG snails festivals and speaking of dogs with every piece of fur on their body swaying in the wind, with ' It is sure to disappoint. The story also is not very attractive, and many of the voice actors are not too impressive, usually noticeable brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who seems to be ringing in his part. There are also several secondary characters who come across a few clichés and stereotypical racist. Nevertheless, some of the characters are good, the villains of the Vikings, although underloaded well done and especially foreboding in both appearance and sound. There is a point with the main character and his teacher are saved by wolves from the Viking attack, which is very well put together. Look and feel and seemed to be very inspired by the movie Watership Down, including a blatant rip off / tribute to The Phantom of the Rabbit inlay. Appearance is also clearly and obviously inspired by the Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you're into these topics can be addressed to him in appearance. The film also has moments of very well structured arrows leading the eye in a very artistic manner, including a pretty cut and large-scale match the Vikings attack, which is a very capricious and impressive. Best of all though is the music, most of the background music melodic and moving, and song is the spirit of a girl who is really beautiful and memorable and works very well with images, it covers. If the whole movie was poetic as this moment (and he tries), it will be very beautiful and poetic film that would be boring still does not reach a wide audience, but instead it's not a shame, it is a custom to reach a wider audience because most of them are medium-sized and cheap-looking and do not stand up to modern standards of animation. In general, a film that clearly share my opinion in many ways, but all together is not great, but it is necessary to look at the music and lyrics, and sometimes rather whether a scary moment. Oh, and the cat seemed to live for a long time, not sure how this was possible.
