Chris Rock deserves better than he gives himself in «Down To Earth». As directed by brothers Chris and Paul Weitz glory "American Pie", the uninspired remake of one thousand nine hundred seventy-eight fantasy Warren Beatty «Heaven Can Wait," by themselves rehash +1941 «Here Comes Mr. Jordan," not enough abrasive wicked humor that won Chris Rock Amy for his first HBO special channel. As expected, he spews expletives from A to Z, but he deliberately avoids the F-word. anyone who has seen this talented African-American comedian in "Lethal weapon 4," " dogma "or" sister Betty "knows that it can cause more laughter from the F-word than Martin Lawrence and E di Murphy combined. Unfortunately, despite a few witty jokes, «Down To Earth» hits Rock Bottom and how contrived comedy and incredible interracial romance. <br /> <br /> «down to earth" completely destroys any goodwill that the brothers Vaice generated from these milestone gross face with "American Pie." This disposable nonsense qualifies as contrived and convoluted comedy with absolutely incredible blindness interracial romance. Unfortunately, the more competent cast ?? among them «The Full Monty in" Mark Addy, Palminteri with "Analyze This», «SCTV» Eugene Levy, and rookie Brian Rhodes Charles Wellington, Jr.??are wasted in the flat foot, schematic role. Hardcore fans of rock, surely accuse their favorite comedian in an attempt to fix something that is never compromised. pathetically written by Lance Krauter Ali Le Roy, Louis CK, and rock, «Down to Earth» casts Chris as a messenger, who is riding a bike in the day in the Big Apple and gets booed off the stage at night in Harlem celebrated Apollo Theater. Poor Lance Burton (Chris Rock) is suffering from a severe stage of sleep Oxy. Nevertheless, his charity manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison with "Hannibal") sticks with him through thick and thin. After Lance finds Apollo Theater will hold one final amateur night extravaganza, he prays to Whitney, to get it in up. I'm sorry, but if Lance such defaulter stand-up comic, why Apollo keep inviting him back? Meanwhile, fate has something else in store for in Lance. while pedaling home on a bike, our hero sees a beautiful woman, Sontee (Regina king "Jerry Maguire"), crossing the street, but he did not see vtobus, who faces him and kills him. Wham! Lance Burton soars up with gossip halo around his head. In Heaven, reminiscent of a cruise ship nightclub, Lance learns that overzealous angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy, "Stay with us"), timed his death 40 years earlier than planned. <br /> <br /> Heavenly chief of King (Palminteri with "Analyze This"), the right hand man of God, asking for forgiveness and carry Lance back to earth. The catch Lance can not return his body, so he must live in another body. The best thing is that Mr. Keyes can come up with a ruthless, white, 60-year-old tycoon Charles Wellington. adulterous wife Wellington Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and its unscrupulous personal assistant Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November") just tried to poison him. Reluctantly to Wellington's body disappears, Lance takes his probation as a moneylender to the Keys can find more suitable body. Meanwhile, Lance-in-Wellington again meets Sontee. she is a nurse activist protesting the decision to privatize the Brooklyn Community Hospital, which serves the poor. while Regina King brings debauchery charisma of its role as a crusading health worker, she gu her character, which bypasses the exact motivation of her business with Wellington. Despite the fact that he is no longer black, Lance is not only trying to get Sontee, but also to win concert at Apollo. <br /> <br / > «Down to Earth» Features Rock in its most unfunny roles. The reason for the comedian for making this film seems to be questionable. According to reports, he ate lunch with Warren Beatty and Beatty he said that he liked the original script that ScenaRist Elaine May wrote for Beatty. Initially Beatty tried to race reversal trick himself in his own version of the trying to quit Muhammad Ali starring «Heaven Can Wait». The deal fell through, and Beatty headlined the film. According to Omar, his longtime collaborator, and he thought that they could "annihilate" is a classic. In addition, he explained his choice «Heaven Can Wait» based on its philosophy of "doing something you can do only if you're hot." Previously, Rock dismissed the scenario of the tour bus with the rapper because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image in this outing. As inanimate comedian in "Down to Earth," Rock is not so much to stretch his image as he flips it for the worse! It napavsyruyu concert with annoying story makes so much to cremate his comic reputation as it does Vaice Brothers! You know, a film about a comedian is in terrible condition, when a scene in a nightclub playing, so you can not hear the jokes, only laughter. Similarly, Cast Mark Addy, the butler of Wellington, who spoke of the Queen of the English language, but in reality, a commoner from Michigan defies logic, too. Addy is the actual Englishman, and he did not have to fake an accent; his accent is valid. The main difficulty is the most important "Down to Earth" is on again-off again, as a look-alike Switcheroo, what the characters are doing so Chris Rock is not completely disappear from view for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spends half the film, as a white guy Wellington, viewers see him mostly in Lance, undercutting the comic irony of watching his stocky, bald, Caucasian white, alter ego perform ghetto humor and offensive chants hip-hop songs. Incredibly, the Rock served double duty as an executive producer on the film, and one of his four scribes. The mystery of how such a wealth of talent can grind such inconvenient, misinform confusing comedy. About saving a single dash "Down to Earth" is the highest score of orchestral film Zheymshieda Sharego in.
