I think the "Best of Times" was hopeless from the get go. The premise (man falls winning touchdown pass against the rival team of high school, can never seem to get over it, and then tries to merge the two teams to play again) is one of the stupid I've ever heard. As Ron Shelton continued to write much better sports movies I wonder if there was more than that. I hope that this film was not green with Shelton pitching stories, as I wrote above. <br /> <br /> Thus, we have the room. Going there you might think, hopefully, that there may be a few twists along the way to keep things alive. No such luck. This scenario is for each predictable cliché you can think of. There is not a moment in this film you will not see a mile away before the film shows this end .... well, if you can not figure out the ending before the end of the first reel, you haven 't noticed, and did not see any another sports movie of your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell star (and the bore) in leads. Williams Schmo poor, who fell a great pass and Russell quarterback who threw the fatal pass. Gee, you think Russell meet up just once, to see if he and Williams can not just wrong, that the city has not forgotten? It's such a lame duck lame duck comedy with a script that you can only shake their heads wondering what might have been. Of course, there are a few laughs and to be honest, there is a really funny scene. Williams and Russell have problems in marriage and wife to invite them to dinner, to work things out. No guy realizes that they have been invited to a Monday and, yes, Monday night football on. Bearing in mind that both teams play together one victory, the men (Williams especially) try to resist the temptation to see how the game goes. The scene dissolves into some funny bits, Williams is a check account, using the bathroom visit as a ploy. When he returns, he coughs up by Russell. Later, Russell begins to take steps on his wife Williams TV wheels have the view from the other room. <br /> <br /> This is an inspirational and funny scene in mostly uninspired and stupid movie.
