A blank check is one of those children's films, which would be a great thriller for children but instead it is a tired one lame house robbery, it's not worth a penny. Kuig criminal who had just escaped from prison and gets his hidden millions of dollars from big bill, and then we meet Preston's upset toddler, whose number is taken by his brothers to start a business and, obviously, the father relates to his brothers better because they make money on the same day it goes on the child's birthday and because his father is a sleaze he is on small children rides while the other kids go on a roller coaster, he receives a gift card and a $ 11 check, how cheap is the family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets gorgeous Shea Stanley were her parents Mets fans? he knows that he needs 200 to open an account at the same time, Quigley gives a million to his banker friend and finds out the account marked in this way, it will send a footman named juice to get the unmarked ones when Preston leaves his bike gets a move Quigley he about to write a check if he sees cops and bolts back home to his parents scolded him about his burst on the bike and get it grounded? their child has received nearly runs and they are worried about the bike? So Preston forges a check for a million dollars with the help of his computer and only returned escorted to the banker, thinking he was the juice it gives Preston money, but the real juice came and realized that they were deceived by a child! So Preston buys mansion for Macintosh name gets limo driver, who tells unfunny joke and go on an epic stores, he sees necks and talks about starting a child account, you downloaded and you're talking about opening an account? We soon realized, Shea is actually an FBI agent to hunt down Quigley and his two friends he pushed then he said to his father cheapy he got a job for Mr Macintosh, and spends the day riding Karting playng VR games and hanging out with his buddy limo driver, he goes on a date with the Shia in the trendy restaurant, that 10-year-old wining and dining room on the 20 something an FBI agent? After that, he takes it to the street geysers and playing in the water spoiling $ 300 Shea dress as she takes it well, when it was a bit realistic, she slaps him for ruining her expensive dress as Quigley and others are still angry interrogates a young child and quickly spilled the beans and Preston chases Quigley in a scene taken from the original script, and afterwords he spends Mr. Macintoshs birthday, which is actually his birthday when he discovers that he can not afford to pay for the party he sits in his chair and dad talking to Macintosh That he does not know that it was his son, he talks and talks about Preston has to be a real baby and has all his childhood in front of him, and Preston wants to go home early that? An hour ago you bake him about finances! so Preston asks everyone in and sits alone thinking, when Quigley and others to break into the house to make Preston pay and so he faced in the finals, which disrupts home alone Quigley gets turned into a ball while Preston driving go-kart juice gets hit in the groin, and more mischief follow, until the trio Preston not get backed into a corner, and when it seems all hope is lost necks and a bunch of SWAT guys come to save the day and so Quigley and his team are sent to prison but is there any hope Mr. Preston and necks? there she kisses him on the lips, what? what? what? An adult woman kissing a child on the lips. Come on, she mentally disabled people? I mean, the FBI agent who knows the laws of the country will risk his career to kiss the child? she could be arrested on the spot! and most Creepiest part of all that is not goodbye, and she sees it in 6 or 7 years! Oh dear, and so he comes home to her family celebrating her birthday, so the moral of the story is the love and respect you can buy? What are they smoking? The bottom line is that it's a waste of time morals tortured is flat as a tortilla child annoying lame villains comic relief is not funny brothers are unpleasant Dad worse romantic plot is a terrible story's small and the only salvation is a cinema by Pope account, which went on to shoot a matrix trilogy and two spider-man movies, that people do not spend the money and go home alone to watch instead. <br /> <br /> It was a review of Samuel Franco.
