Two years ago, at the Berlin Film Festival, we watched Amos Kollek film "Sue" in the Panorama program, with lovely Anna Thompson in the head. This is a film about loneliness and sex and how one is compensated by other things. In the same section at the Festival now we have to complain about the excessive antithesis C, "Extension du Domaine de la Lutte", which is now trying to convince us that loneliness and having no sex is the same problem. But, unfortunately, we can not sympathize with "our hero" (as he is called by the narrator), because it is unnecessary and incomprehensible tired of the company and of itself. Own fault, I'm sorry. I can not understand it. Enough is not a writer / director / actor wants us to tell him that it is not destroyed his identity or the passivity of his face, which led him to this time, but a rotten society and its image of sexuality. Yes, there are some more data on gender relations, but we will not follow him so far ... And the fact that there is, and any sign of thinking about their own part in the fate of not having any sex. Who has not noticed, it's pretty depressing movie ... <br /> <br /> In the beginning, there were a few starts to be more precise in plotting the situation. The store bed 'hero' speaks about the obstacles buying a new bed. Maybe this is too broad of getting up the stairs, you should stay at home half a day ... it's a satire about a character who does not know, taking a life and heart in your hands, do something ... The film doesn `t go on this way, but handles it symbols of helplessness. Nobody believes that "our hero" capable of provoking Tisserand for murder. Too boring, too good, too - passive (not to mention the Tisserand complex, it has a brake, but it can not be, of course, the killer of women!). To complete: There are women and peace, is not modern society sexualize device. Help you as you can, but do not messages and "wisdom" of the film, which declares bankruptcy in human relations, not capturing the real conflicts within.
