Believe me, I wanted to like "Ghost". The idiotic comments people made at the time of its release about how bizarre it was to see an old-fashioned, hand-drawn animation again, as if the last pencil cartoon was released twenty years ago, and even more stupid comments about how computers have now made the old ways are outdated, have received my blood ... but then, offensive, tasteless platitudes I had to endure during the first ten minutes of "Spirit" got my blood even more. <br /> <br /> character design is versatile, animation (partly as a result), only the competent direction of art in general to the extent that sickening dull that you wonder how it could happen (we know from the "Prince Egypt "and" The Road to El Dorado "that there are talented artists in the Dreamworks), and sophisticated use of CGI in each case unreasonable. (Why do they bother?) there's not one thing that is worth a look. in this film, it leads to death. <br /> <br /> but it's even worse ... <br /> <br /> horses can not speak, but they are much more than a nthropomorphised and unconvincing than the deer in "Bambi" that can. And I think that, in a sense, the horse can speak. Spirit himself provides the prologue (the sound for all the world like an actor of the 21st century chose from a shopping center in California ), and since then it effortlessly, strongly unhorselike narrative almost no soundtrack, although he never tells us anything we did not already know, expresses a sense of when the work is bad, although it was not able to express in two times as well. This prologue, by the way: (a) contains the information that Spirit, we later discover, to know how to know; (B) expresses the idea that the Spirit is not enough power to express, even if he could speak; (C) includes a new age garbage, like, "This story can not be true, but that's what I remember", and (d) give countless children (production mill is, I believe, in shests- summer) impression that the horse native to North America, which is a kind of truth, is that the common ancestor of domestic horses, zebras, etc. WAS growing in North America - but all kinds of horses on the continent became extinct long before how the first people came, and the Spirit of the Mustang herds (who allegedly "belongs here, like buffalo grass") are descended from horses , The introduction of the Europeans. <br /> <br /> as a prologue, and irritated me <br /> <br /> as often as negotiation Spirit, Bryan Adams sings, sounding as usual, as if he got a bad throat infection . - and it does not mean that he sings or even how he sings, that's what he sings: whiny narrative ballads that contribute even less, if possible, than the spoken narration of the Spirit, and what kind of sound as if they are all have exactly the same motive (though I have paid close attention, and was able to discern that they probably did not do). If only Brian Adams and fellow-pretending-to-be-a-horse could shut up for a minute or two, the film may have been allowed to take its true form: a mediocre and derivatives, not jaw droppingly bad.
