For anyone who loves movies with predictable terrible soundtrack, the lack of dialogue, cliché WAZOO up, as well as the stereotypes that just happens to be a typical American film, look no further. DreamWorks wants to save money on the purchase of the speakers, really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic; one way or another, they have succeeded in providing a fairly soft and sad movie. Prairie Spirit boring festival that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and also to entertain, despite of so-mannered animal theme celebrating over people. Looking past the excellent animation, that you have nothing but great confusion. <br /> <br /> The spirit of the stallion, which from the beginning of the film looks quite a handful, as it is a horse, can not be tamed, calmed, nor control. Because of this, it rises and becomes the leader of the group quickly loshadeya that includes his mother. But the life of liberty and bustle comes to an abrupt halt when he was captured by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the Wild West with the rest of the country. During this, the Spirit (never named that throughout the film almost) friends brave Injun and fellow mare, and also has a lot of run-ins with cynical and cruel people, the army, which apparently does not believe in it seems. <br /> <br /> Why do movies have to mix computer animation with traditional? He comes off looking pretty engaged, then taken out of suffering from. The best example, when the train in pursuit of the Spirit; you see the cartoon Spirit works with computer animation train. It will look much better if it was one or the other, but not both; if you can not exactly pull off some interesting effects. known sequence of Beauty and the Beast dance using computer animation, but it is not as obvious as the train or snow in this film. opening sequence was the most beautiful part of the film, such as sad to see the rest of the film to slide a bit down the hill in terms of quality. A little scene has a few; I mean some of these shots just the general's face, very persistent and annoying in my opinion. <br /> <br /> children could enjoy this flick, but with the lack of dialogue, lyrics, and motivation, this may be the perfect technique in the creation of hyper children fall asleep. While Disney gets criticized for his animated musicals, they wind becoming much more interesting than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this. Bryan Adams is not the case in this film, and why Hans Zimmer to stay away from the use of the western theme in the film, when the story takes place in the Old West? The soundtrack sounds a bit, if you ask me. At least, they use realistic sounds of horses, two points for that. However, if you are going to refrain from talking horse, why even the narrator interrupted every so often, it just so happens to be the main character himself? <br /> <br /> The Native Americans are good, and the evil Western people, Native-murder, torture horse, noisy, psychopathic monster who must be destroyed. More or less, this is what the Spirit reveals to us. It reaches a point where they are trying so hard for the audience to hate traveler Wild West; they even had the scene of several horses that draw huge train up the mountain, and the other is a scene of them all destructive native village. Now, the spirit of man to give it to friends happened on more than one occasion, but it is excusable, perhaps, because he was not a soldier; . That or because it has a blatant mare <br /> <br /> The spirit of sacrifice is not quite, we should feel sorry for; the audience must sympathize with the Spirit, even though it put my whole group of horses in danger, wreaking havoc, and perhaps even resulting in some offscreen Death, who quickly shoved aside because they are not, the Spirit is in trouble! This film gets quite rhythmic, as we have seen several instances of the Spirit to escape from the chains push people around, destroying property freeing the horse and then get captured again --- all in the same way, too. The authors also seem to be an obsession with rocks, because they are interspersed throughout the film; for the film of the Old West, they certainly have very little space to roam <br /> <br /> The result :. This is definitely not a Disney film, in fact, that it is bad, despite the fact that it was they wanted. Thus, instead of the typical musical, we get sad film, which becomes a predictable, boring and slow in some cases. Even decent animation becomes incompatible if computer work is thrown in all about this movie was simply wrong. from the ideals that while the Americans, who were not originally were evil clowns, the soundtrack and the score that just seemed so far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which largely has nothing to do with the Wild West, has more western feeling than this film. Do you have any mercy itself and completely miss it all the necessary tools. Thank you.
