Nice to see, like Oliver Stone, Brian De Palma, Al Pacino, and even Michelle Pfiefer make a monumental piece of cinematic garbage. It's nice to see that people are so rich and "successful" to spend their time at one of the most forgotten and helpless banal pieces of film of all time. This movie is the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is it? This is based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic facts and news bites, they read from the US today. But then the film goes into some fantasy world, and "Cuban" refugees going to make it in the American subculture of drugs; such as Rocky cocaine. This is a film about Cuba or Cubans? For my life, I do not believe that there is one Cuban in this film. Accents completely fake, and the scene with the mother of Antonio looks like a poster for a Midwestern American values. The whole scene looks like something out of The Dick Van Dyke Show. This is a film about Miami? It's more like L.A. transposed in Florida. Afterall, the palm is a palm tree. Whether it's a love story. Relations between Pacino and Pfeiffer as obvious with GetGo, and there is not one shred of probability that these two characters could care about each other. Is this film drugs? Well, no problem of obsession or addiction is not even mentioned. The behavior of the subjects after the coke line is no different than if they drank water. It should be recognized that the current frightening. <br /> <br /> Let's move on to the others. Music disgusting and sounds like Latin elevator music or something from the show Lawrence Welk. I think I hear the polka? bad camera work with too much movement and much more cranes than ever could be effective. Obviously, the photographing budget was excessive. Sound bleached in some places, and it seems to be in a warehouse dialogue. Drafting appalling. This is one of those films were writing the script itself. You pulled out a commonplace part of the dialogue to another, each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks. <br /> <br /> So I'm going to ask, it's even a movie? It can be glued drama series for two and a half hours. But, at least, the drama series has some focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of poorly glued acted scenes. In any case, the film or not, it's a piece of shit.
