ETA contains spoilers. <br /> <br /> I have rarely seen the film, which is incredible, like this one. And being French, he is trying to a depth of being mysteriously ?? nothing really makes no sense. <br /> <br /> Léo gay and has just announced to have breakfast with his family that he was HIV-positive. The youngest brother, Marcel, still did not come to breakfast, and the first thing that a family does is to decide that he was too young at the age of 12 to be said. Maybe if it was four or five, but twelve? First quite an incredible thing that a family does not even ask where he got a virus, how long he knows it ?? I asked nothing. They only care about Marcel figure. It is very close ?? Provincial knit family, but, although they decide not to give Marcel know about the HIV status the LEO, nor the fact of his being gay, the rest of the family takes all the news with absolutely no issues or reactions. How many families do you know where the parents / brothers will not have at least some of the reaction to one of the members announcing that he was gay? There's nothing here. <br /> <br /> Léo decides that he needs to go to Paris to meet his former mistress. So he decides to go on a trip with, of all people, Marseille. Do you know someone who would bring his younger brother along to see the lover? Again, absolutely incredible, especially because Marcel does not know any of his health problems, nor about his homosexuality. If so, the family decided to let him know, that's pretty tough and again incredible. <br /> <br /> Léo goes in search of his beloved, Aymeric, in their work in the Paris bar. Owner says Aymeric will not be there until early evening. But why Léo want to see it at work? Why do not you call and arrange to see him in some place more private, where they can really say that? Why not go and see him at his home? But no, Léo is later in the day (with Marcel in tow) and was surprised when Aymeric not just drop everything to go for a walk with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available, it was Léo, who left him and that Léo has not responded to any of his letters. Léo says: "I love you", and then diverted. But if he really loved Aymeric, he did not, at least, told him about their HIV status, to warn him to get tested and perhaps get treatment? It would be at least he could have done ?? but do not look in. He walks away, and did not even warn Aymeric, that he may have contracted the AIDS virus. This is completely irresponsible to it ?? and filmmakers; this film was apparently made for French television series for young people ?? is the perfect way to show kids how to be responsible. Well, not here ?? I believe that "every man for himself" is still the French way of doing things ?? Another aspect of the film, which was absolutely incredible was "risky-feely 'aspect. Everyone is always leaning against someone caress someone or someone to kiss. Within the family and outside the family. I've never seen anyone in France is this physical, not to mention the whole family. Sitting at the dining table, a 17-year-old brother has his leg sitting on the lap of his elder brother and elder brother caress his leg, all sitting around discussing something. How many brothers do you know who is physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old arrives in Marseilles room question: "What's the matter, you can not sleep" and then takes off his clothes and, completely naked, gets in bed with his brother and clung to him like? they were lovers. this and other similar scene between Leo and Marcel gave somewhat incestuous feeling for the film. Unfortunately, again, I do not think that this is a regular behavior between brothers-teenagers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the film, the actors all quite normal ?? especially Marseille in the title role. A le it was not quite enough ?? HIV and AIDS are too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible world. At the end of the movie, the family went to the cemetery to bury the LEO, but once again, Marcel had been left with him ?? he was left in the care of a cousin (I think). However, it is stolen, and looks to the funeral from a distance. This is something that is such a close-knit family would have done? it is absolutely impossible that they did not include it in the funeral his brother. It was the last scene of the movie, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
