The recent boom dating show on television VS has reached a fevered pitch since «The Bachelor» the first episode. Credulous viewers since been subjected to countless clones and variations, including «The Bachelorette», «Joe Millionaire," "For Love or Money" and disgusting "Married in America." Hoping to cash in on this trend, and at the same time, press and use the new demographic, Bravo unleashed catastrophic «Boy Meets Boy» in the world. And let them pardon us all <br /> <br /> The idea is simple and is designed for careless :. the legality of a gay man courting a number of suitors, Sun eliminated the show, the show, as long as one remains, but there is a twist. Half of the men is in fact a straight line. It's not really a big deal, but the innate depravity of the script dies listening to Redemption: when, at the end of the show, a gay man chooses the straight man in disguise, straight man wins a cash prize. Gay gets nothing, or at least not more than a few parting gifts, pat on the back, and a hearty round of "do not Do not you embarrassed? Well, thanks for playing!» <br /> <br /> just like as painful «Queer Eye for the Straight Guy» (another Bravo program), this show is another example of stereotyping rampage. which makes it even worse, however, is the fact that heterosexual men play these stereotypes for cash. The producers of the show believe that all you need to do is to put a sufficient amount of s hair gel in human hair is removed in the Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, to deprive him of all the hair on the body and fat, and voila! It gay equivalent of putting a white performer in the large font, and just as insulting to those of us - I -. who really fun and not to wear / act, as it means that homosexuals do not have a dispersion or a chance for individuality, that they can not behave like real people, just like stereotypes. Not to mention the fact that the bank grooms are sorely lacking in any kind of diversity. All this gym toned, most of them white, and all look too washed and cleaned. <br /> <br /> This is one more example of how, instead of promoting the adoption of gay people in dynamic, capable of dispersion and change Hollywood again took the stereotype and run away with him all the way to the bank. I feel really dirty watch this show, as shown by any gay who sees this shamelessly hits soft pornography masquerading legitimate television. 1 10.
