I watched the whole house, when I was younger, and I can not understand why I did it. I do not remember, really enjoyed the show. I think that most Americans watching it were mesmerized by his badness. He does not put you in a trance state, and there is no turning back. I still have the scars, but I'm trying to move on. I know that this is a family show, but it does not mean that it should be so bad. Shaw SO cliche with each episode, which ends with "conversation" from father to everyone's problems go away. Characters on the show all disgusting. There is a know it all, cleaning obsessed banal father, who you want to hit in the face every time he comes on screen. Then we have an imaginary "rocker" uncle who just there to look pretty for moms who have to watch this crap. We have another uncle who completely unfunny, which makes the lame impression Bullwinkle (to say more about it). There eldest daughter, who can not work and are always whining about something. Then the second daughter, who always says, "HOW RUDE!» Pretty much everyone who speaks. Finally there is the youngest daughter Michelle. Do not get me started on Michelle played, but terrible actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you would associate it with the Antichrist. She always demanding things, trying too hard to be "cute", always says "Spirit!" And rolled his eyes, that makes you want to smack her. I'm not a big fan of a lot of use of physical violence as punishment of children. But in her case, I would make the decision. She had on a daily basis. She's the most selfish character to ever be put into the main TV. One example of this is when her uncle rocker is busy doing its job in the attic. The boy decides to constantly annoying him, and demands attention. He yells at her, and she was worried. Poor baby! The rest of the episode of food for her emotional needs and uncle finally apologizes to her. UGGHH! The show will be lower IQ, along with slowly destroying your will to live. I'm surprised we do not hear in the news about a full house, which plays in the background when the police find the people who have committed suicide. Do yourself a favor i did not look replays show. You'll thank me later.
