For most young viewers there, they probably do not have a clue who was Buster Keaton. Thus, because of this, they probably will not feel nearly as boring, if you watch this film, as I am. I happen to be a silent comedy freak - having seen just about every Keaton film still in existence. My will be a huge supporter of the movie made this very painful from start to finish. This is because during his quiet days, Keaton was a very lively and creative comedian. It was strange in his physicality and his films are almost never boring. However, in a move that film historians still confused at the end of the silent era Keaton gave up its independence and became a joint-stock MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM saw Keaton is now only as an actor - and they wrote the script for him, who had no respect for what made him great. Firstly, these films with MGM not so bad (eg, cameraman), but with the radio stations, the studio really blew it - put it in a number of movies with Jimmy Durante. DURANTE humor was based on his gift for gab and was abrasive. Keaton, in contrast, was quiet and on the basis of actions. More unlike and incompatible Two actors would be hard to find. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made a really horrible movies. <br /> <br /> At the present time it does not mean that speak lightly scary movie. No, instead it's just more time passer and remarkably unfunny in this. In fact, if you go into the movie thinking that it's a comedy, it is likely to make the film more difficult to use. Instead, such as a drama with some comedic elements. This is not a film that will produce belly laughs - especially for fans of Keaton <br /> <br /> The film begins in the odd situation .. Keaton was cast as a college professor whose lifelong learning. He knows nothing about the world and his nose stuck in his books. In a surprising move, the servant deceived him into believing Keaton Keaton received $ 750,000 from a dead relative - in the hope that it will stimulate Keaton to go out and enjoy life. It is surprisingly far-fetched, but somehow it manages to work. Not very well, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton immediately leaves school and goes on a journey to New York to have fun. On the way, he meets up with an incredibly incompetent theater troops. Because he does not know anything about the world, he does not seem to realize that they stink. And, because he thinks that he is rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway. However, just before the opening of the show, his friends learn that Keaton is not rich. Thus, they decided not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from process servers, who want to close the show. They believe that if the show is a hit, then they can pay off debts and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself stinks. What do they do? And Keaton will receive a nice girl, get strapped into a gold digger (Thelma Todd) or be stranded and alone? If you care to watch a movie. <br /> <br /> As for Keaton, he has a few tricks in the film, although there are some dandy ones closer to the end. Instead Keaton just kind of goes along parts in a very subdued manner. There really is little love about this film or hate. It's just blah .... when he was supposed to be a heck of a lot better.
