This one came out during the last gasp of the Western genre; Unfortunately, there is to be very small, and generally unsatisfactory effort - even if done with veterans in this area! To begin with, the plot does not offer anything new remotely: James Coburn escapes from a chain gang, intending to kill a man (now retired), who put him there - Charlton Heston. While the latter lays the trap Coburn outwits Heston, abducting his daughter (Barbara Hershey) for him. Naturally, the former bailiff - accompanied Greenhorn groom Hershey (Chris Mitch) - establishes in pursuit of Coburn and his followers, all of whom have broken the prison with him <br /> <br /> Instead of turning the proceedings into it. conventional sub-Fordian style, McLaglen is Sam Peckinpah approach - which he never quite at ease: repels characters, a lot of violence and sexual tension generated by the presence of Hershey among lustful clot in Coburn. By the way, Heston and Coburn had previously appeared together in a Sam Peckinpah western - on the troubled MAJOR Dundee (1965, I really need to pick up the renewed edition of this one on DVD, though I recently taped theatrical version in pan and scan format of the TCM UK) . In any case, the film is too general to give an elegiac mood clearly seeking (also offered by title): Again, the two stars have paid a fitting farewell to this most American of genres - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid (1973)! <br /> <br /> At the very least, though, Heston retains a modicum of dignity here - his aging character is trying to stay ahead of the half-breed Coburn, ahead of what his next move will be; Recently, however, it solves the extraordinary role of a bestial and only really comes into its own at the climax (relishing his moment of revenge sadistically forcing Heston witnesses his colleague gang rape Hershey). Except the last, this long sequence to see Heston trying to deceive Coburn trick borrowed from its own LEDs (1961), criminal gangs then trapped inside a forest fire ignited in practiced Heston and the violent death of two "legacy" protagonists (like his fashion, Heston's death takes the form of gratuitous sacrifice) <br /> <br /> supporting cast includes Michael Parks as the inefficient city sheriff, Jorge Rivera as Mexican Lieutenant Cockburn and Larry Wilcox -. turnings TV series - as the youngest member of the gang Coburn which n ryznachanuyu task of watching Hershey (doing his best to keep his saliva comrades out!). Jerry Goldsmith contributes to accuracy, but at the same time, unremarkable account.
