First of all, a sincere commiserations for those who bought a movie ticket in the hope of seeing a film in the same shape as a beautiful girl Gregory and local hero, but eventually left the theater feeling frustrated and vaguely cheated. While it is true that the sequel usually bar a few notable exceptions, errors, and exists only for the studio executives with the opportunity to cash in on the success of the previous film, offering us or veiled a new tire of the original story or story line so far from the intent of the original, that the resulting film is not It makes no sense. In the case of Gregory's Two Girls, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of having time to make the two sins - on the one hand, the story returns Gregory Girl, at the same time cater to the frankly incredible and zany story involving Scottish arms dealers. Gregory schoolchildren now teaches at the same school, where at the tender age of sixteen, he had a hopeless passion for football is played Dorothy. Although now thirty-five, Gregory still carries a hopeless passion, but now football is played by Francis, also sixteen, despite the fact that the music teacher, Bell has made it clear that she was attracted to him. His passion for Francesca and his desire to impress its leading role in his involvement in the scheme, in order to expose the local arms dealer, who also happens to be old school. There's no point going on, like the rest of the story is forgotten, and the ending does not have any real meaning. The main problem lies in the character of Gregory, that there is no indication punished and magical sixteen Gregory, who actively and comically Dorothy is convinced that in the end to win it. At thirty-five, Gregory seems to us like a pretty boring and lonely creature whose life is not active and not a comedian. Outside of work, his time spent playing video Chomsky and reading magazines about international injustices. As his friends and family from the previous film, seemingly disappeared, except for two meaningless scenes with his younger sister, who is no longer offers him advice seem at all interested in his life, we are left confused about the fact that Gregory really wants, what he and why he is the way he is. Why, for example, it alone? Why he would never see his father, who is clearly still alive? Why he returned to teach at the school he once attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why did he become so apathetic? Why is he attracted to Francis? Why did not he attracted to Bel until the last twenty minutes of the film? What in god's name in Bel Frances or to see him, because he is not a drop dead gorgeous or even interesting? Why does he keep trying to impress Francis even after he became Bel point, and if their union threatens to destroy his life? We really believe that the Scottish arms dealer openly selling weapons to torture despotic regime had managed to escape from the media criticism, but the quarreling couple of school kids? Is Gregory really think that dumping a few computers in the sea will change anything? To make matters worse, John Gordon Sinclair actor is trying to reshape his job as a teenager Gregory down to facial expressions and body language awkward. Unfortunately, it just comes across a strange and vaguely terrible thirty-five years. In addition, it is difficult to feel any sympathy or empathy with the teacher, who has erotic dreams involving sex with a student wearing a uniform while they both lie on a pile of gymnastic mats. Instead of being funny is just smacks of pedophilia. It is difficult to understand what is happening in Bill Forsyth's mind when he wrote the script, or why he thought that the proponents of the original film will cover the story so lacking in charm, wit and warmth that has made the first film in the classic. I can only assume that the plan was to craft a movie about a man who refuses to grow up and try to adulthood and possibly whose happy memory be sixteen and spend the most beautiful girl in school, but who on the extent to admit that life is lived in last, but life could not all.That at least be the basis for the film, which was thematically interesting and clever. How is Gregory Two girls is 116 wasted and meaningless minutes without saying anything, and that means even less. Gregory's Girl is responsible for starting a career of Bill Forsythe, here's hoping that Gregory's Two Girls will not be held responsible for the sinking of it.
