Jochen Hicks wrote and directed this little thriller suspense film, based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a virus sheep mutated government to rid the world of gay and apparently tested on prisoners in the years before the hideous disease, if it were not for the severity of the film concept, it falls under the category of the many films about the destruction of the world of rampant infectious organisms prejudicial. <br /> <br /> Stefan (tom wlaschiha) trip from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate the scientific father's assumption of induced virus of sheep and its impact on the convicts, in which it was soaked. He met with some disdain and resistance to a dead theory, but also meets some people who know the theory and supports its investigation. Simultaneously with the visit takes place, each victim killed in this way, and every murder, apparently accompanied by the strains of music from Puccini's opera "Turandot," which just happens to be the opening of the Opera San Francisco a number of serial killings. Police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levy) and its companion cop (Kalene Parker) to monitor the killing while Stephane doing the rounds sex clubs and bars in San Francisco, trying to find people who may have been the guinea pigs for the father of the theory . He meets a strange guy Jeffrey (Jim Thalman), with whom he has a cat and mouse and see the attractiveness of Dr. Burrows (Richard Conti), which seems to be the country's participation in the cast of suspects. How it all comes to an end this game film, the story is as much about finding its own identity between Stephen and Geoffrey, as it is the case for the investigation of the killings. <br /> <br /> While tom wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti well with their roles (they are the only three that have some experience in the film!), the film quality is much sags at least minimally acceptable talented Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker: if the screen the credibility of the stories below freezing. There are some small cameos by other actors that adorn the screen for things that they inhabit, but also in the whole film is recessed continuous replay «Nessun DORMA", Mario Del Monaco said of the recording O opera - and this seems to be the reason for making the film ! A good idea for a film and good characteristics of the actors, but there is no solution to the initial premise that started it all. Grade harp February 6
