The plot «Astronuat returns to earth as mutagenic monster" died in 1950, mainly down to the scientific fact that travel beyond Earth orbit person does not cause to turn and has mutated monster, and that the first film to use it plot Quatermass Experiment was the only decent sci-fi movie to use this idea. Thus, the idea of ​​having the excess portion of the return, doomed from the start. Unfortunately watch incredible fused MAN, it seems, the plot is the least of her problems <br /> <br /> First of all, it's incredibly badly made film. Budget in a few numbers and I'm talking about the lyre dollars Sun. There's no talk of cinematography and editing, there are countless failures. For example, the photographer takes it (Barely Legal) model for a photo shoot. Cut to scene where the sun is directly behind the model, then cut a photographer shot where the sun is directly behind it, and then cut back to a model where the sun ... <br /> <br /> The lack of budget drags the film down and other respects too. According to the details page of the budget was so low that the producers could not get any footage of Saturn so when astronaut Steve West remembers how nice Saturn looks we get sun shots. In fact, the sun actually gives the most impressive performance in the film, as the human subjects are used in the porn studio. When I appeared in this, I would not be afraid of a monster of the same name - I would be horrified by the debris from the rest of the cast. Perhaps we should be a little lenient, though, since it is obvious, the lack of budget is manifested in such things as the actors who have to wear your own clothes. Total, for example, do not wear it a good imagination uniform complete with medals - he wears a denim jacket and a baseball cap <br /> <br /> There should be a suspension of disbelief to the film, how it works, but it fails on every level. The tone is set in the first film where Mr. Melty nurse kills and escapes from the hospital. Instead of getting the police called and said there was the murder of Dr. Nelson decides to simply find a patient on his own own the same as he was looking for a missing cat. It is also strange thoroughly decomposed mortal monster can go down the road no one noticed, but this is typical of the film, where horny 70-year-old to stop his car down the dark road to substandard and people carelessly mention their wife is pregnant while forgetting to tell the police that Monsters Unleashed. <br /> <br /> Incredible trunks MAN is a Z-class trash. I can understand why people love this movie, because it will reach a height "It's so bad it's good", but apart from a time of great make up effects Rick Baker is nothing more than a very schadenfreude
