Emma is my favorite Jane Austen novel - Emma intentioned, despite its shortcomings, so that readers can forgive and love her, and the relationship it has with Mr. Knightley, who warmly familiar, respectful but playful, generating that heat , fuzzy, romantic excitement. Mr. Knightley is a perfect man, and Emma as close as you could get at the time for an independent, smart, confident woman - remember that it is only 21, and he was sure that matured and grown up with its shortcomings. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want to be chastised Mr. Knightley? This version of Emma does not make any sense of things that I love about Emma. I could not even watch, I just found it so badly. I could not see that a warm, generous side of Emma, ​​which leads the reader likes it: patience and warmth she shows her father; intimacy between her and Mrs. Weston, which demonstrates its willingness to put the happiness of his friend on his own (it donates only an equal partner in their household, sending Miss Taylors marriage). Mr. Woodhouse character in this adaptation just seems odd, and not just a quirky, elderly people and few attempts. <br /> <br /> This device is the most important thing is not possible to realize the relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emma. Their relations are based on mutual respect and love: Mr. Knightley condescending minor mistakes Emma trusting that her intellect and genuine concern for others will never let her go horribly astray; Emma looks at him, although playfully hiding it and continue to use their own minds. Spacing he gives her the right to the show completely overstates the dispute between them and destroys any possibility of reflecting the nature of their relationship, as I described above. Mr. Knightley is also attractive enough to bring to life the sexual tension between the leads (or inspire any admiration of the female audience). <br /> <br /> In fact, terrible. I can not understand why someone who really, like a novel, Emma might like, if she somehow miraculously redeems himself after the point, I turned it off.
