Except for about 10 minutes with a sublime HB Warner in the heavenly train was 94 minutes of jaw-dropping awful! The action was brutal, but the story that I found really horrible. The acting was wooden and unusual, even earlier standards radios (with the exception of Lee Tracy and HB Warner, neither of which can do wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely terrible, lifeless, Julie (she was also in 1932's Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, otherwise great movie). And the rest of the cast is even worse, there being no words to describe their awfulness. <br /> <br /> Even worse than the action, however, it was the story. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, ham and user women with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. He marries Julie, but does not support it, rather than lying in bed all day or hang out with its low life criminal boyfriend (Lee Tracy). And, oh, yes, he never has a good word to say to Julia, and he regularly beats her. Julia loves it, nevertheless, constantly making an excuse for him, which only seems to make it more stringent. What's worse is that this film is the story of us as a love story. Anyway, we have to see Julia as a noble character is pure love redeems Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> In the last 1/3 of the film takes place after Liliom killed himself (robbery plot goes awry and Liliom stabs a knife into himself, and not fall into the police). When he died, he said Julie, "I beat you all the time, but I do not apologize for it." When he dies, she finally tells him that she loves him. (No character never said "I love you" to the other, while they were still alive.) After his death, Chief Magistrate God gives Liliom another day on the ground so that he can "do something good" for their unborn daughters . Price for it 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is entitled to a single day on earth to see his current 10-year-old daughter. He walks over to her in the courtyard of his house and trying to cajole her into letting him "do something good" for her; he tries to get her to play cards, he tries to give her Gabriel's horn, but she was not interested and otshivayut it. Thus, he slaps her. He. Slaps. It. And then he disappears back into the afterlife. Looking at, we can see that his daughter Julie to say about it. She says that spanking does not hurt that she felt like a kiss. This should be a magical moment of the film. She asks her mother if such a thing is possible, and Julia says that "anyone can beat you and beat you and beat you, and you will not hurt." Then the music swells and Liliom goes to heaven in the heavenly train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> There was a rescue grace in this film, and it is an interview between the Chief Magistrate (HB Warner was really great here) and Liliom on the sky train. The magistrate was very deep, Liliom say about life and a second chance, and death. one scene made me raise the rating from 1 to 2 stars. As for Liliom suicide as a means to escape his problems, the magistrate said, "People believe that when they die, their difficulties to an end for them. You thought that by killing yourself that you would cancel all their duties. It is not so simple. the world your name is still spoken, a person still remember, as long as only one left who remembers you, as long unended deal until you have completely forgotten, you are not finished with the Earth, even though the .. you are dead. "some great sublime transcendental material among some of the worst garbage I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story seems to have been filmed many times, and as a" Liliom »and as the musical" carousel ".
