Universal's answer to «The Exorcist» is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a soft, devoid of representation of the direction of Michael Winner, who is wasting an outstanding cast with a screenplay massage crater the size of plot holes. Not to mention, it is intolerable stupid never explaining some of the key elements in the story. <br /> <br /> Model Christina Raines is moving in high-rise owned by the Catholic Church with a terrible, blind priest John Carradine, who holes up there is always a window. She begins to suffer weak spells and nausea. To make matters worse, she meets the tenants in the building, such as Burgess Meredith (cat and canaries!) And the young Beverly D'Angelo, as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (see more at 55) is a Realtor, who showed Raines place. amateur Christina Chris Sarandon, whose wife had "committed suicide" after learning of their affair. Jose Ferrer has a small role as the «Priest Brotherhood", which tells the Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be careful, because it goes to the very height not only housing, but Carradine Raines, as well. Sarandon sends the hired hands to skyscrapers one night to check out a specific room of the apartment Christine, where she heard a metallic clang, and other loud racket. He wraps the dead that evening Christine "kills" her deceased father into a nightmare. Cries the mind on the street, Christina does have blood on it, which leads police detective El Wall and partner Christopher Walken to explore them with a confident assurance that all this somehow leads back to Sarandon, who is a hot shot lawyer who once knocked down police to court over the suicide of an entire wife. This case is really a motivating factor is a stubborn approach the Wall, to find out whose blood was indeed Christina, and if Sarandon has nothing to do with him. You also have Martin Balsam, as a professor, who understands this type of Latin Cristina mysteriously understands and unbilled actors such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer, and Tom Berenger as a person interested in the special room, which became available in the room itself (today refurbished) that Christina had once stayed in! What bothers me the most is the lack of an explanation. Toward the end of the movie Wall and Walken are forgotten and left wondering why they just quit investigating. Their characters are simply left in the background. As priests know that "now is the time" when some people die and must be replaced in order to protect certain gates in the high-rise and why Christina suffers from the injury it does not adequately explain. How sure are just ghosts Cristina, and disappear when it tries to show Gardner premises they occupied during the day cat birth (see for yourself) is not adequately explained. Not to mention the role of Gardner in the big scheme of things..she leads people to a high-rise, but that in fact it causes in the film? It seems that this film was supposed to be longer and clean things left to send the output lost, it's just funny when it should be scary.
