The prison is located in Wyoming, where work on a new prison hit the problem in a way, the State Council decided to re-open the old state prison, which has been closed for 20 years, Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) put in charge. More than 200 prisoners are shipped in and they are put to work fixing rundown prison before including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who ordered to break into the old execution chamber, he duly obliges, but when he enters the walled door an intense beam of light shoots and all Electric, gas and fire around the prison going crazy for a few minutes. Burke unwittingly unleashed the evil power of death, that is in the mood for some murders and more than a year is a safe ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Renny Harlin, I thought prison was poor late 80s horror flick that seemed to forget about the small point, which has a history. The script was to Empire Pictures regular C. Courtney Joyner, who was responsible for writing such "classics" as a class in 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and The Puppetmaster vs. Demonic Toys (2004), inter alia, low budget horror crap that even I have not heard, and seems to take itself very seriously. The biggest problem I had with the prison is that it is very slow, it is more than 30 minutes in the film to the "evil forces" even released, though the pace does pick up until the end, but by then it was too little too late as far as I was concerned, that is the fact that there is no discernible plot here at all. For a start, he never tries to explain why there are more "evil force" immured in the old execution chamber, he never explains why this power decides to kill random prisoners, when it should be on revenge mission or why it just indifference "t kill Warden Sharpay immediately, no explanation is given, where Burke fits into it, even if it looks the same as a prisoner, who was electrocuted and came back, there is no real explanation of how Ward connected to everything that happens on a separate two early to Shmarov sequences, in which he seems to be remembering something, even though he never revealed what it is and why. Honestly, I could not give you a synopsis of the plot as the film is not a tough story, he goes all the way through. Character boring and forgettable, killing small and far apart, Shagan is far from the whole movie a mess and even ghosts can not shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. Less than satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes, there really is the best thing you could do. <br /> <br /> full debut American film director Harlin he does a good job and there is a decent atmosphere, but after an hour of constant gray, dull, dark prison cells and corridors, I began to get bored. I just think that the appearance of the film is too repetitive, fresh and open lifeless. I do not think it was scary and gore is pretty tame but the best moment in the entire film, when a police guard was killed when a load of barbed wire wrapped around the body and persons with a beautiful close-up of his neck being broken. In addition, there burnt corpse and distorted body, which falls from the ceiling, and very little else. There is a scene when Warden burns all prisoners mattresses in front of them and then make them stand all night in his underwear in the yard, I looked at this scene and thought that you would never get to do something like that. And then the prisoners have the right and when the warden did something like that would be a national outcry from all the humanities and every prisoner would sue the Warden, Prison Service & Government for what it was and they win! <, Br /> <br /> with an estimated budget of about $ 4000000 prison was actually pretty healthy budget, although it does not look like it on the screen, there is a decent cast and a few special effects that included good, but overall, it is installed in the same location with limited ambition. The prison was actually shot in a real prison in Wyoming, it certainly looks the business. Acting in the order, the prison proves that sometimes Hollywood stars is not only one shit horror skeletons in the closet, but in the case of Mortensen he has two, and with this terrible return of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994), both of which I'm sure he would like to forget about ... <br /> <br /> The prison is dull, lifeless, colorless, humorless waste of 100 minutes, despite another good blood gore scenes I did not like it at all, as I have on actually I prefer my films to have a story, rather than seemingly random events and ISC ydenty cobbled together with no sense of narrative.
