I, too, but this film is, unfortunately, one of those movies that are too bad to be good and too good to be awful, which makes it completely useless and a waste of time. There's nothing more uninteresting than mediocre movie, and my name is modesty: No subtitles accept mediocrity to a new level. He is full of B-actors, but it is not fun at all, because he takes seriously. It positions itself as a thriller, but then turns into a kind of grow up dramas, retrospective style. Beautiful Alexander step choked unrecognizable under makeup, more like member molded from Top Model, Blaise than modesty. I'm not one of those die-hard comic book freaks, who wants every adaptation of its valuable "graphic novels" to be the underworld perfect - in fact, I never even read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch, but it was not so . The film feels half-finished, with a weak and very uninteresting conclusion to a very weak story. He also takes his audience for idiots, explaining every tiny detail of the story to us and showing memories of what happened three scenes ago (I think that they think that we all have Alzheimers). <br /> <br /> Now I love a good B-movie - it's better than just turning your brain on swallowing and cinematic equivalent calzone? - and "modesty", directed by none other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us the wonderful splashes of shit movie From Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because he brought all that bad B-movie to bring to the table - poverty, gore, weapons, you name it. "Modesty" is simply boring. Recollection of Life Modesty is not interesting. Actions are not bad enough to be laughed at. In fact, I liked Nikolaj Coaster-Valdano in (hey buddy aliases your friends!) Performance as a criminal. <br /> <br /> So all in all it's just lame. Weak. Uninspired. Call it what you will. Nothing to watch because Tarantino is it, man. It's just really forgotten, half-hearted thriller, and he never tries to be more than that. Let me round off this review with a very lame pun (seriously, even I cringe): My Name Is Modesty: modesty waste of time - 4/10
