I grew up reading Modesty Blaise, like comics and books, and she really is a heroine to me. Despite the fact that it is not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino I was still interested in hearing a few years ago that he was considering making a film about it: he could finally give Modesty nice big screen treatment is it? I have heard of «My Name Is Modesty" a few months ago and checked the star that was given here, and was not too surprised to find out the cost was not too high, so-favorite characters often have a difficult time melting supporters of the heart when it is not done right. So I decided not to read any reviews and watch a movie instead, and well, I just finished watching, and I was stunned and sad, and so very furious, too. Sad and February to give more than an hour of his time, seeing something fabulous, like Modesty Blaise-character turns into a film that has nothing to give the viewer or fan. <br /> <br /> It seems that almost everything about this film is subpar and unprofessional, although I must admit, seeing some of the actors in other films before, where they were in order, so I can not blame them. But writing and directing ... Oh, my God, why even do this kind of crap from the production values ​​of a bit more than the average TV movie, but do a lot worse? I do not know the background of this film, and in fact I do not really want to know, but I just can not help wondering that how on earth can Tarantino with a straight face to say that he loves modesty, and then put his name is? He just lost a huge amount of respect in my eyes. The director was not the right person for this job, and I sincerely thank him for ruining my night. <br /> <br /> I give this film 3 stars and the stars go to the actors and technical quality that could have been worse. The remaining seven stars is not what this movie was not good. Well, I hope, at some point there is a serious production Modesty Blaise movie that has some other purpose than to steal money from Modesty fans. Although, if people like Tarantino those decisions, I'm not holding my breath.
