Let me say that I loved the original boogeyman. Of course, it disadvantages clichéd 80s horror movie, but hey these types of fun to watch! And plus he gave us something a little bit different. Therefore, I gladly bought it and to my surprise, this movie came along with it (copy once they were in fact), so I thought, "Oh, what the hell" and bought it. Error number 1. So that night, I felt in the mood to watch a movie (I actually bought tons of that day), and believed that it was the shortest of all the ones I bought, so I'll just watch it and hit the sack. Error number 2. Yes, I heard how bad it was, but I was willing to take the risk. <br /> <br /> So, after a few minutes in the film it is the first retrospective. I do not think anything about it at first. Then the new staff with the prediction of the chick in the bathroom, and I kind of like the direction this is going. Then the next flashback, which is a bit more, and I sat and thought: "Yes, I saw the first Boogeyman! I know what's going on, so go ahead! "Then the next one is coming up, and I believe it with the screws and fast-forward through it. Then the final one (Maybe I quickly crossed the explanation, but somehow she was lying topless on a mirror? At the very least, it could, I showed them!), And I decide to fast-forward through it, and then the climax and the film was finished! WTF? What happened to the predictions of the material? What happened to the dude with long hair (or push it one way or what?)? And more importantly, what kind of weed was a writer and director to smoke, making this terrible POS ?? !!! And what's the point? Annie only with memories of what happened in the first film? Or the material of the first film just happens at the same time as this? The latter may make sense, because the stabbing pantyhose person happened in 1978 in accordance with the characters in this film, and it was 15 years later. Wait, no, it's not! Because Lacy (what film dubious renamed Nancy! Is Uli too stupid to remember the names of their characters in the film?) It is 20 years since she was 5, when it happened, and not only is she married someone looking 30ish, but also has a child who looks like 7 and 10! She got about during high school? And why would Pantyhose after Annie? What connection does it even with the characters of the original film? AND MORE HUGE MOVIE MISTAKES I found in this film is that if the doctor writes in his notebook or anyone noticed that he just wrote? Wow, as a professional, Doc! So, what is the explanation for all questions I asked above? It's pointless MOVIE WITHOUT THOUGHTS contains it ALL! I'll try to find a copy of the original film, which comes only with this film and that's all (maybe a few extra features, any Special Edition yet? From him). Then I'll come back this DVD, and I hope this review and all the others will interfere with those who did not see it to see it, thus making a movie stores get rid of it, and the film can no longer exist! Please, let it be so! Unfortunately, this review is so long. I'm just mad at the film I have to express
