Grieving couple move to a cabin on the mountain after the loss of his daughter to find that there might be ghosts memorable places, caring spirits of past residents who have committed suicide. Julie Pike (Cheri Christian) Elena accuses her husband (Greg Thompson) for the horrible death of his daughter because of what the door unlocked and the marriage deteriorated because of him. Julie is in a zombie state, showing next to no emotion, remote and numb, only about photographing an abandoned prison, finding a strange image of the werewolf girl clinging to the bars of the cage. While Allen did not see anything unusual, Julie continues to make and we can recognize that something is not quite right. Local craftsman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), rather distant man who conceals the secret of becoming a dangerous threat when he revealed that his late mother, might have something to do from a shelter is happening in Pykes. Meanwhile neighbors who sold cab Pykes find themselves victims, and abuse of alcohol and Mr. Booth with his wife back to pursue it. Allen will be to investigate the history of his cabin, trying to unravel the mystery of the place. <br /> <br /> A lot of ghosts moving in the background in this dark supernatural tales with virtually every symbol unhappy. Cheri Christian is so meaningless and lost, it is incredibly difficult to relate to her, despite the fact that you understand her plight. Action as it is often referred to, is frustrated because none of the characters is not exactly easy to withdraw. I believe that this should be so, when their circumstances, but the problem I had never be able to properly cover Pykes due to their constant state of detachment. Cheri comes off as cold and detached, as I believe, the mother will tend to be, if you lose a child in this way, but the nature of the ice left me ask inside to hug her, that I could never be. I think the correct artist, even if the characters are going through emotional turmoil that can capture the hearts of his audience, when humanity reaches a us..in case of this film, the conclusions are not able to do it, for whatever reason, it may have been me, I do not know. I would like to take care of them, but nothing in the characters did not result in a heart strings. Anyway, as the film goes on, Allen slowly reveals some truths and must defend himself from his wife, who convinced themselves that their daughter is among them, and it will not lose his little girl again. Jim, unstable neighbor, who believes that the ghosts stop pursuing the field he must kill Pykes, becomes a vital threat. Ghosts are a central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother started to have the distance. Finale displays all of them, as Allen has to find help for his wife, trying to stop Jim's mission. I had a hard time getting into this because of my concern with the findings and their characters.
