Well, now, what the hell, it should be? It is a family fantasy film to earn in the future on the huge success of "Close Encounters of the Third Kind," Spielberg? Or return to the glory days of prehistoric epics, such as "If the dinosaurs ruled the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Maybe it is the intellectual and philosophical masterpiece, we are not able to understand? Yes, it should be! In any case, the creators of «The Day Time Ended" (good old Cardoso the John "Bud" with the "Kingdom of the Spiders" and writer David Shmoeller with «Tourist Trap») had to sniff a lot of glue, if the pen down ideas for this Var ' Jacek halophytes genres. History does not make the whole meaning and narrative structure is inconsistent as hell, but, hey, who cares, as long as he got papier-mache dinosaurs, miniature spaceships, headache, induce light & laser show and post-combusting spontaneously supernovas! Introduction voiceover Sun is almost inaudible, but do not worry about how it's all nonsense! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think, what is it? Time does not necessarily pass chronologically, is one giant paradox! The words that were spoken thousands of years ago, still floating around now, and even things that will happen in the future, is already all around us. I have absolutely no idea what it all means, but apparently, it provides an easy way to collect tap-dancing midget foreigners and well-mannered dinosaur on the screen together. I deliberately say well mannered dinosaurs, because at some point, one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocking on the door before threatening its purpose. Crazy story revolves on a family of eccentrics who live in their solar-powered house in the middle of nowhere. Grandpa is very annoying, granddaughter even more, is the grandmother walk and talking billboard for plastic surgery, the youngest son of a striking resemblance to Prince Valiant and young mother ?? incredibly hot! Mitch, Chris, for some reason, too many pointless wandering around shooting as the hot mom on her husband's business trips. The special effects are pure cheese, and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that another reviewer, who spoke of the "wonderful special effects" was sarcasm), but the absolute majority of the Genius aspect is the dialogue! Just read this marvelous example of the extraordinary letters: <br /> <br /> grandfather: "You know, it's not you It's time space warp <br /> <br /> Steve:" I'm not sure if I know, what does it mean, daddy "<br /> <br /> grandfather:" well, I think in fact, no one does "<br /> <br /> make up your mind, Gramps, or you know that it is not you and? stop talking about «the Vortex», you have some kind of an expert in this area! "out of time of Day" is an incredibly child and not-worth-bothering of fantasy movies, but I can fully understand that some of its bend nikav cherish the film because they had seen him at a young age and was fascinated with bright effects. The ending did not come out of nowhere, they suddenly run out of money, or as the effects of the mushrooms they eat wore out unexpectedly.
