I must say that I am disappointed with this film. I've never been a big BNL fans, I find them kind of songs for children and nostalgic passionately (that's me in the 9th grade when I had a million dollars, a shoebox of life, etc.). However, I have seen clips of their live shows, and I really like the improvisational nature of the show and blunt. I was hoping that this film will highlight is that, unfortunately, the most interesting part of the show, because their music is good even played once fresh and not what forced (to eat standing bass solo in the middle, which was totally pointless and boring, despite how much Jim Creegan dug himself). The film does, and shows only a few minutes of this (and you know that they had the best moments in the concert Afgahnistan «Koffee Anan, he is the man in charge, my name is Steve Paige and I'm a very big"). <br /> <br /> BNL's kind of like when I went to Europe a few years ago, and heard that godawfull «Blue» Song Effeil 99 or something every 2 minutes, I returned to Canada, and then in a month that the song was everywhere * again *, I almost chewed off his own hand. BNL how, many years ago, I remember many a fond memory of sitting around fires in Canada, listening to people play the "If I had a million dollars." BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and much of their humor has a special Canadian slant to it (Kraft Dinner is a staple food for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is the quintessential Canadian) a few years have passed, where they slipped into the unknown, and I was grateful. Then suddenly they became huge in the States, and all there think they're a completely new band (yes, they are quite new, but they are all in their 30's!) And the rest of Canada are going "Oh geez, I thought these guys folded years ago, I have to listen again "a million dollars"? "<br /> <br /> concert footage is not bad, but I would like to see more of their stage routine, shooting is not so great, and such things as videos with their massive free show in Boston to glaze over too quickly. The interview surprisingly bored so funny bunch of guys, I think they're all old and have a family and home, and things have settled down a bit and. there are times when they go to the Spinal Tap type of material, where they deliver cold satire, they burst into laughter and giggles of such ruins it. Interview with Moses Zneymer (Canadian media mogule) and Terry David Ma Egan (Music dude) very artsy and border on the territory Tap unintentionally. <br /> <br /> This film is not really a very document, I mean, it's basically one show at the beginning of the film, they are huge and have massive touring entourage, it is not so, as we see them rise from obscurity and a "surprise" they are popular, it is methodically planned event, so in the end it is rather lifeless, kind of half live, half documentary, and not much else. <br /> <br />
