Man, I really hard to believe that a fine Alan Ball had nothing to do with this porridge. Having seen the first two episodes so far, I think I can safely say that this show would not be on my must see list. It's just there's so many things that are working against him. <br /> <br /> None of the actors cast Sun especially good. Anna Paquin as Sookie lead character, it's just awful. I remember that it was better in many other things that I had seen her in so maybe it's just a letter. It is not really a lot of fun to look at both, there are moments where, to be honest, it looks quite ugly. The actor, who plays Bill a little better, if only because his character has to be a kind of wooden and aloof. Other actors are doing their best, but with the characters of the cliché with a difficult to perform emphasis they give is hard work. Tara is an absolute agony to watch, Rutina Wesley absolutely pressing murder. It's like nails on a blackboard Bud. Almost as bad is Nelsan Alice, it's hard to understand what he said, even occasionally. And his character, as well as Tara also seems a bit racist to me. I do not know, having a character say «whycome» on the HBO show The Wire which is not just seems a little odd. Rounding out the cast are still trembling Sookie's grandmother, her brother, a sex addict, and only a little bit of genius casting, I saw William Sanderson as a sheriff. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be wandering towards his destination at the moment, with no real concern for the preservation of the viewer interested. Romance of the material is very Dark Shadow-si. Despite the fact that this show ups camp factor of something like the old Dark Shadows episodes about ten times. At times it seemed as mannerisms to me that I should just assume that it should have been. But unlike shows such as Buffy, that took the camp by a virtuoso, this show does. From a place with an extreme campiness gusset and graphic sex show. I am not opposed to any of them, if they are done well, as in many other shows HBO, but here, at least, they extended rough sex scenes with Jason Stackhouse seems a little over the top and pointless. <br /> <br /> about the only good thing I can think to say about this mess that I liked the opening sequence names. HBO was losing streak with their show recently, I hope they make up for it after the first season and try to get something better in the air.
