This show was a lot of hype, but I never knew about it until the middle of the season (season 1). Someone even recommended the show to me. But I decided that if I see him, I'll wait till the end of the season, so I could watch it in bulk. Due to the format of the show, I'm happy that I was expecting. I believe that it would be pretty annoying there almost every end of the episode in the middle of some kind of cliff hanger, it will have to wait another week to find out what happens next in the second story. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the show managed to throw too much sex. Jason will have sex with almost anything that moves. Immediately after he learns that the woman he had sex with was killed, he was in bed with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam to get it, even though each of them, knowing that Sam was in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets angry when she later learns about it - despite the fact that she's sleeping with a vampire. One problem with the show is that it does not do a good job of making you care about the characters. I really did not care at all about Jason. Along with its endless pursuit of a story, he was rude to the people who were really concerned about it. After a few episodes, I would not mind if he was killed in some way. For this reason, I am for the most part are not interested in the killings, while Sookie's grandmother became a victim (as the first two were more closely related to Jason). <br /> <br /> Then, when Sookie and Bill have sex in the story becomes even more storylines. Mother Tara wants to exorcism, the exorcist tries to convince the lady Tara that she should be the one to remove her own demons. I was not so concerned about the whole exorcism thing, as I know there are some people who really believe in this stuff. However, they spend little time showing that it is a farce, right after Tara spends about $ 1,300 a spell for her and her mother. At other points, some things happen too quickly. Jason continues to be a jerk, trying to sell things to her grandmother to buy vampire blood, which apparently is the new crack or something. In search he finds a girl who will do V (vampire blood) with him. They get high, and within three days fall with each other and steal vampire permanent source V. Another example is when Bill should go to court vampire. He walked just two days before Sookie begins to feel neglected and starts to wonder if he thinks that the "vampire politician" is more important than her. <br /> <br /> Stealth Sun-horse of the show. No need to be a genius to understand what is happening with the local dogs. Although my guess is not dead, it was not so much of a surprise. But two episodes finale was where it got really annoying as he just pushed all the events in your face as if you could not understand about themselves. If Tara gets into a car accident, Naked lady pig face is clearly shown, and was easily recognizable when it appears in the jail for a bailout. As if that were not enough, they later show the lady again with the pig in her home. Then it's time to wrap up the story of the murder. At the end of the penultimate episode, it is revealed that Rene is not who he says he is, most likely, is a killer. In the final episode, they shove Renee to be a killer in your face. Sookie says that it is strange that thought Rene has no accent. I thought that was good, because it adds to the Rene fraud. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Rene. They show that Rene has Maudette strip with a vampire and his bride finds a tape in one of the boxes Rene how fake accent Cajun. At the moment, it was just ridiculous. I mean, we get it !!! So blah things happen. Bill almost kills himself, being unable to save Sookie, who still manages to kill Renee. They begin to install the season 2, leaving unfinished questions. Naked lady pig and Sam have a history, Lafayette went missing and may have been killed. Jason is in the process of brainwashing in future religious nutter some anti-vampire church -. Which makes me care about it even less <br /> <br /> It is almost amazing to see how many people absolutely love this show, I think I was just waiting for the show to be better. I am interested in what happens in Season 2, but when I watch it, I will most likely wait for the completion of the season.
