Located in South Africa, a young black guy tries to put participation in the "gangsta" movie. But without knowledge of street life, he said, to find out what this life is really like, and he will not get a part. He manages to work his way into a gang led by an old friend of his from school and his chances of appearing in the decline of the film, he commits a crime, they should be taken. But for the gang leader, bloom disaster life his new friend offers the perfect opportunity to do something better with his own. <br /> <br /> While it may seem relatively interesting, this is deceptive. The first half of this incredibly tortuous and tedious, while the "theft" occurs only at the end with some very poor performance low-speed chase. In these "chases" are only two police cars, both of which are in the early '90s Nissan Sani. Not only that, they are quite cheap to pick up (and I find it quite hard to believe that they will be using such routine of old cars in South Africa in 2000), but as far as I remember, there are only 2 involved and none of they did not get a scratch once. The car chases are very bad shot, with distant and poorly synchronized angles and minimal traffic on the roads, and they are all in for about 2 minutes at the maximum, you have to believe that a very young child, in fact, a very experienced driver who can easily to escape from the police, in spite of the control of pedestrians and the future does not interested. Now this leads me to the characters and actions that are equally bad. The above-mentioned child who drives the car, looks about 13 years, and is supposed to be very skilled at losing incredibly bungled police. All the rest is equally unconvincing, so much that they even look boring own times. <br /> <br /> In the final scene of the film, our protagonist ( "Sox darkness") asks the leader of the gang to steal a car from the car park. While the problems with his discovery, the police come and ask him what he was doing, and he responds by telling him that it is their car. After a brief argument, they try to arrest him, and then it keeps the police at gunpoint and jumps into the car. Once he is in the police return fire and, in turn, he gets injured. After another miserable sequence chase, they decided to abandon the car and set fire to destroy all the evidence. What stands here one of the most absolutely ridiculous and disgusting horrible special effects I've ever seen. If the car "explodes", superimposed flame suddenly appears from every window with terrible sound effects, which are not even on time. It's so badly done and so fake looking, it's hard to even put into words, and really need to see to believe. When viewed in slow motion, it looks even more ridiculous. I've seen better effects than in documentaries reconstruction of the murder. Vehicle is Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that should not be a large amount at all, and they seriously could not afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I would like to know how big the budget for this film was. It feels so cheap that I'm surprised he did it outside of South Africa, and even more surprised, he did it on the DVD release. <br /> <br /> I know that this is not a big-budget Hollywood production. I know what he meant to reflect the gangs in the poor townships of South Africa, who steal cars from the middle class and sell parts on the black market, but with the ridiculous effects, poorly made car chases, hardcore action and outlandish characters, any sense of reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I certainly do not advise you to look at it. If you want to laugh and see one of the most poorly made, low-budget messes with amovie ever created, I would recommend it for that, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> It's awful, poorly done, poorly edited, went bad and tedious piece of low-budget nonsense that is not on all counts. I have seen many South African films, including many cheap NuImage / Nu-action picture of the world and, despite their cheesiness, they are much better than that on all counts.
