.... if it's the cinematic equivalent Sgt. Pepper: Revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation, and is considered as rather silly little business, previous and subsequent generations. Now, when the children of the middle class in the world, it would seem, super people through the Internet and view the prospect of boarding school as a great opportunity thanks to the Harry Potter books / movies, relevance if .... could not 't be further from the contemporary group. In fact, many of the scenes seem so strange and exaggerated as a hint of inspiration for Pink Floyd The Wall. <br /> <br /> We should never keep personal prejudice against the movie during playback and the date of the film is glued to the side, there are a few flaws that others forget. Lindsay Anderson was known as a supporter of Luis Buñuel, at the top are usually too clever for its own good. And, in spite of the simple narrative through the first and second acts, the last part of the piece he is taken hostage cod Buñuel surrealism and strained attempts at symbolism. Anderson was not capable of this feat due to his excessive intellectual cynicism, he does not see that Buñuel was hilarious in his work. I did not find the criticism What the champions' chaplain in the box, "and I'm pretty sure that it still gets looks from the side of those who love this film. Ending not so much shorter punch mounted class / values ​​system as wet slap on the moving target. <br /> <br /> The British public school system firmly to the middle class (the upper crust of the existing education tutors at home). And the mode of action, if the check box .... was a public school life, Lindsay believed was unexplored in the film, thereby breaking the middle-class affectation. Homosexuality, dining generations of devices, cold showers and other. In fact, these issues have been covered in many other big British films when .... just brought them to the fore. Browning Version was more inclined exposes such pumps, to name but one. <br /> <br /> If this is amazing .... quirky, and just can not be seen with the help of modern (especially the US) eyes. Kudos to avoid Micah Anderson and Kieth in favor of African chants and a few brownie points for hidden homoerotic overtones. Points are deducted for tension, establishing characters that disappear and the instigation fight a revolution that has come to naught.
