Ah, the spirit 68. The streets of Paris were running wild with the uprising, hippies were high on the spirit of love. As the United Kingdom noted that the age of radicalism and revolution? Uh, apparently, dear Old Blighty focused on making films about the boys in boarding schools. If ... it contains evil institution. It contains an uprising of the oppressed. What it lacks in contrast to the passion Parisien and hippy headtripping any sense of excitement, except for its all-out-and-ammunition artillery fire interchanges. <br /> <br /> If Lindsay Anderson ... the stars constantly -marvellous Malcolm McDowell as one of the three private school students who decorate their dorm with Lenin's photographs and other radical leftists. This is evident in the film's anti-establishment image of evil oiks upper class, who are running the show and outdated autocratic methods of public school standards pah-chic. What to do when ... unusual, however, that for all his radical sympathies, he obviously does not give us any sense of great tension between human decency and oppressive school system, which is only partially floats: lacking in the plot and not enough personality . <br /> <br /> surrealism bits disappear and reappear from time to time and the film slides on black-and-white to color again (is it because it is a low budget or arts expression?), but there is little of interest to say. All we get is a poignant denouement where the young rebels reach their rifles and shoot down the shadow lord institution. Hooray! Revolution! Finally, it requires a second thought, unlike the rest of this sad exercise in boarding school daydreaming. <br /> <br /> If you ... could become a powerful political statement, but as it drifts and only collects any sense of direct interest to the end. Instead of being a witness of the dissident Zeitgeist in the late sixties, it succeeds only in being stunned document upper class British education. Anarchy? Apathy is more like, the only person, many viewers will want to stick with it after seeing that ... will Lindsay Anderson.
