British public school system has not evolved solely with the idea of ​​educating the upper classes, although it is a popular and widespread misconception.It has been developed for the production of administrators and governors, civil servants and military personnel to perform Colonies.These British people were almost entirely recruited from the middle classes.When public schools began to show their value processes aristocracy were sent to them, and not to be educated at home by the teachers and governesses, as they were before case.They slope all in favor of school approaching "City" as Eton and Harrow became especially popular with the class of the parents. The vast majority of public schools have their students from lower social scale.Tom Brown, perhaps the most well-known public school student ever, was the son of a village a priest, not a belt count. Thus, in the late 1960s in England, a country in the throes of post-colonial guilt, and shed the last of their obligations to their former dependents as fast as Wilson could slip his «Gannex» McIntosh Lindsay Anderson "Ka I Do "was greeted with joy by cleaning and soft talkers classes shock of everyone else. It should be remembered that the so-called "Summer of Love" was the "October Revolution" non-events that left several police officers in London bruised heads and the US embassy with one or two broken windows, but achieved absolutely nothing. So, if the movie Mr. Anderson hit cinemas disgruntled former revolutionaries indirectly reveled in the fact that they are seen as a glorious victory over Mr. Malcolm McDowell amorphous «them», despite the fact that he was mercilessly gunned down in the end, the fate of which would, no doubt, overtook them if they succeeded in their attempts to get to the US Embassy. The film does not tell us anything new about the public schools, homosexuality, abuse of a cold shower, patrician teachers sarcastic, silly traditions.an all too familiar list .It was declared an allegory comparing the UK as corrupt, the destruction of society in the face of the school. Well, almost forty years in the same school is still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, "October revolution" has long been forgotten, with the exception of those involved in one way or the other, and Mr. Anderson finished his "State of the country" trilogy no effect at all. If by chance you have to want to read a book for schoolchildren and Buck the system significantly more successful than Mr. McDowell and his friends, and even more lived to tell, find a copy of "core & Co.», written by someone who so slander poem "If" is the name of the movie lent Mr. Anderson, the man who was born in colonial India, a man whose work safely be airbrush with our literary history.And make it to the class of bolt turned declare him non person.Perhaps who I should start a revolution about this.
