There is one really good scene in Faat cows. The title character gets into an argument with another woman, and after being threatened, Faat Kine sprays her face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, strange and quite funny at the same time. In this one instance, the writer / director Sembene gives the viewer a character that is easy to implement for an interesting character in the film, which may be worth a look for two hours. In the scene, he is a brave woman who dared in their actions. For the rest of the film, the only thing he seems to represent conflicting tones. <br /> <br /> tons everywhere. It's true, not all movies should fit well in a certain genre, but I do not think Faat Kine fit into any genre. Supposedly, it's a drama, although there are moments of such a broad comedy (the aforementioned sprayed in the face) that can not be taken lightly. On the other hand, the film is, of course, not a comedy with copious amounts of serious topics Sembny already crammed into the picture. There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together. Unfortunately, Semebene not find this balance. Instead, one scene after another just drifts into each one without any particular rhyme or reason, resulting in two different colors hanging in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine problem also run two o'clock length ending with very elongated. The film ends with a big party, where all the characters conflicts are resolved, but they will not be solved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, for perhaps twenty minutes. Since the rest of the scene up until this point had been meandering finale is particularly difficult to tolerate repeatedly started early in the scene, which makes for a depressing view. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm too hard Faat cows. I do not need an audience for it. I did not feel anything in relation to the characters and had no relation to any part of this story. There are people who are likely to find something significant in the history and see the strong characters. However, I could not do it, and therefore can not recommend it.
