Shlock-trader Leo Fulci takes a change of pace, making a bad, little coherent sword and sorcery fantasy film, instead of his usual bad, little coherent horror. <br /> <br /> type of abject Orlando Bloom named Elias, out of a society, vaguely reminiscent of Ancient Greece passes through the territory of the ocean cave at some vaguely defined effort to fight against the evil, where it connects with the animals, like the hunter Battle of the wolf-man and mutant helpers topless vampire wicked witch. Wackiness worth. Sorceress, inhibits local cave and wants a magic bow for myself. It sends various minions, each country the latest, after our heroes who win at the expense, in the end, to strike at the cave oppressed everywhere. This film contains a constant stream of WTF? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the entire film was shot in soft focus and the image is further blurred the constant presence of fog on the screen. This may be an attempt to create an atmosphere or hide as it looks fake. In any case, it was not possible. There is no atmosphere, if it's not one of scuzziness and mild confusion and not hiding how lame it looks. The wolf-man minions look like a poor man's Wookie. For some reason, the director fell in love with the boom of them leaping through the air in slow motion, Six Million Dollar Man-style, to our heroes when they attack. There are probably about a dozen of these images throughout the film, and he gets goofier every time. The remaining assistants topless witch, in addition to general human skin dressed, some rough white mutants that appear to be covered with cobwebs. Needless to say, they are slow and harmless, and when they say sound like a gay Latinos, lisping far. Fights unnatural and unconvincing special effects and in poor condition. Oh yes, the music synthesizer cheap material that the creators of Doctor Who would hesitate to use. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our titular hero is soft and forgettable. It also looks like a complete wimp, especially with his condition revealing leather suit and long hair, and obviously a moron. Of course, it is a dynamite shot with his magical bow, but it takes only three to four shots with him in his mission to fight the whole continent of evil. Needless to say, that he is running out of arrows for a few minutes and had to be rescued more traditional sword and sorcery hero, Mace. When he meets Ilias it establishes itself as a silent type of loners, claiming that he has no friends, but not before, you can tell they homoerotic undercurrent inseparable pals traipsing misty hills together. Mace Ilias promised to take with him in exchange for favors related to the nasal. Elias asked where he was going. "Where my feet take me," he answered. Good enough for Elias. Mace also an animal lover and unabashed hypocrite. He says his great love and affinity for animals, citing the usual stuff about how he prefers them to the people, because people can be sooo mean. he says he will never go to hunt and kill animals to feed themselves, but it will steal meat from other people who hunted animal. he is also not above accidentally kills innocent bystanders without cause. Soon then they meet, he test e with bows Ilyas and cuts the film adaptation of some random cave, paying his own business, walking and Mace shoots him dead. There's no indication that this poor soul has not done anything to deserve it, and even of Ilias, which is supposed to be come from a moral and civilized society do not even raise an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> In the movies, the villain is quite unusual. throughout the film she was completely naked, except for a g-string and a gold mask that covers the whole head. It's like Fulci included it to make sure movies T & A factor, but decided that it was a little too much butterface at the last minute. She spends a lot of time, it would seem as fun of her pet snake dreaming about faceless shot bow wielding man who dressed as Elias. Wow, this symbolism! Later in the film she wimps when it can not be beat Ilias and Mace and promises to make yourself a sex slave of ancient warrior dude, when he kills them for her. It is unlikely that the world's most terrifying villain and in fact is not a step forward in the field of women's rights. I think he set it on the web creatures our heroes and Mace takes over in a situation where there is no one else around, but Mace to deceive. Was he really deserves to trade for your self-esteem, Ocron? <br /> <br /> There are many other WTF? moments. Most of them before the end of the film. Ilias wusses, I forget why, perhaps, his permanent waving hair got confused, but realizes his mistakes and returns to help Mace in the fight against the forces of evil. Suddenly, for no reason, his bow is suddenly fire from multiple target seeking energy bolts. Bolts can also shoot through solid rock, if necessary. Themselves of course, it makes short work of the hordes of bad guys, who seized Mace. <br /> <br /> The climax is also pretty meaningless. Mace empties remaining Ocron forces using bows target possibilities of laser attacks. He can shoot Ocron per kilometer, using it to shoot through the power of rock. She begins to die. Her mask torn revealing ugly head Muppet. It varies around screaming and turns into a dog, and wanders with another dog. Mace smiles. Roll credits. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as these nimble low-budget sword and sorcery is a reasonably conscious and focused films. Anyone who has seen The Wizard of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how nonsensical and meandering, these films can be really.
