Although released on DVD Blah Underground about five years ago, I never came across this Italian goods "sword and sorcery" in the night Italian television, and now, when I saw it for myself, I know exactly why. Not because of the typical passion of its director to extreme gusset (of which there are several examples, to be sure), or the fact that few women in topless hits it constantly (set in the Middle Ages, after all) ?? it is, quite simply, a very bad stuff really. In fact, I would go so far as to say that it may well be the worst of its kind that I have not seen, and believe me, I've seen a lot (especially during the last few years, that is, after my tour in 2004 Venice Film Festival)! Reading about how the film's failure at the time of the initial release is believed to have resulted in the following (and boring) career peak of its director in mindless low budget gore, I can see their point of view, I would probably prefer the earlier " giallo »period Fulci (in 1968-77) to his more popular things horror (1979-82), but he himself, even at the last, his commitment was certainly possible. On the other hand, the conquest does not seem to have caused at least FULCI ?? seeing how he decided to drape consideration with annoyingly eternal fog, drizzle with incongruent characters (ogre against werewolves, anyone?), it does not matter baked blood (we were treated free of unpleasant cannibal dinner directly in front of witnesses carnivorous revelers having their brains literally knocked out of their hairy antagonists !), and even some very unappetizing intimacy between masked villain slurping brain (do not ask) and its slimy reptile pet !! For what it's worth, we have two characters for the price of one here: a young boy carrying a magic bow for some courage confirming Odyssey (Andrea Okchipinti) and his clumsy companion muscles (ie of Jorge Rivera Frenchy from Howard Hawks' RIO LOBO [1970]!), which, although called Mace (abbreviated Maciste, perhaps?), it seems there's just throw in his cavewoman from time to time and get his younger protégé of trouble (in particular, during an extremely unpleasant attack "boils"). Unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of this material comes short of cattle are electronic bill of ex-Goblin Claudio Simonetti seems awfully ridiculous at times. Fulci even manages to give the film a ridiculous rapid code with survivors muscular hero going aimlessly in the desert (after a victory over one and all with the help of all important magic bows ?? so much for his alleged physical strength!) On his next ?? and fortunately unfilmed ?? adventure!
