You know, all these letters, "Santa Claus" and "Jesus" are sent every year? Well, it turns out that they really are not delivered, but dropped off in half-forgotten corner of the post office to rot when some bright spark finds a way to accommodate them. How strange settings go, it's a winner and one that fits perfectly into a strange film that «Dead Letter Office». Having said that, this is obviously an Australian film, in contrast to the British one. If this were the Royal Mail, most of the letters get this kind of treatment in any case. I was not in the apartment for two years, and we continue to receive letters to Mr. Wang, some women priest of the Church of Latter-day I've-Never-Heard-Of-You and various catalogs for industrial equipment to address water companies. <br /> <br /> «Dead Letter Office» (the name given to the place where the rented mail ends) should be the story of Alice (Miranda Otto), which grows in severely divided house. Recording her absent father, she finds only in adulthood that her letter was not delivered for some reason. So, logically, she gets a job in D.L.O. and consider themselves to work together with other social defective including brooding Chilean emigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). Slowly, she finds herself drawn to him, but she can see where her father, without bringing the autonomous world of the Office of the Dead letters to his knees? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this film, but I have not thought of the god-awful Heather Graham film "Perfect" while watching it. However, it is much better than a bunch of horse shit, but then again, it is not difficult. To begin with, this film is much more logical. However, a few metaphors insolent and ruin symbolism is fast becoming a flood. But at least it's cohesive and quirky without being complete nonsense. He has also worked well. And Otto del Hoyo well as amateurs who are looking for something that they know that they will never find, and the other symbols are peripheral at best. Part of the problem is that he seems to wrap up too quickly, leaving the viewer somewhat disappointed. Another part is that, if you consider the draconian immigration policy of Australia (that is, if you do not speak in English, stand away!) This story is unlikely to occur in reality. The rest of the characters, unfortunately, will also help to destabilize the reality is a little more than the odd ball stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Despite this, «Dead Letter Office», of course, something a little bit different. It may not be to everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was banal and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a movie without weapons or violence or severe abuse and nudity (no chance that in the Australian film). There are not some serious laughs, NO Bullet Time and symbols, usually one-dimensional. But it's the story that counts here, and while it is not strange in its splendor, it is quite a pleasant way to pass the time. This is a film equivalent of Sheryl Crow CD - pleasant to listen to again and again, but you would not really miss it if it was not there.
