"No one knows," a thriller about a conspiracy theory / nut satanists bomber targeting religious holidays Seville during Holy Week. He also happens to be the best friend of the hero of the film. The plot is set in a bomber, like a computer game, with themselves and the hero, as players and Sevilla as a virtual environment. Very real alleys and streets of cities are beginning to take the quality of the old Pacman maze type game. Looked at this way, the scene where the hero and his sidekick female pursued by a black hood is made from rayguns may not seem as silly as it plays. <br /> <br /> From the outset, we know that the story is constructed as a game - the work of the hero is to create crossword puzzles for the popular newspaper; at one point, crossword network on its screen becomes a chessboard on which he later played against his girlfriend's father. Evidence abundantly scattered like mystifyingly camera closes in on images, which only later shown to be significant (eg, ads at the bar). Elements of detective / paper chases made part of the game in progress, rather than investigating after the fact. The film borrows heavily on the picture «Se7en» story, and someone with a Catholic education, presumably to get the value of certain events that occur on specific days before Easter. <br /> <br /> In this reading, the game is on the narrative level, with the hero fighting the enemy (in this case, a computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the film itself, which is the first blow. There is another set of clues that show no intention of murderers, but the director and his hero. During the first ten minutes, there are references to chess, a writer named Navokov cult leader called sarin. If we remember that the chess-loving Nabokov 1930s was a pseudonym Sirin, we see another game afoot, one where we suspect Sun villain and the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In Nabokov's novel as "Pale Fire", the author creates a text-shape, which is designed to hide his own motives, causing the game between the writer and the reader to uncover the original text. Throughout the whole movie scenes that are visually distorted (eg, Contracting image), or which are ambiguous, some dreams and hallucinations that make us suspect the point of view of the hero. Links to the opening of the games all related. At the beginning of the sequence, we have done a lot of creative impotence and sexual character, so that the film may be his attempt to master their lives, to be a winner, therefore, he can not really. No sooner had he won the game than block its writer disappears; The words he types the name of the film, believing that it is a common author. In addition, the title is in Spanish reflects on itself negatively, very Nabokov involution, which involves the hero as KINBOTE trapped in his own solecism. <br /> <br /> This conglomeration of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon and other hints too), Fincher, «X-Files», «Run Lola Run», Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as maps and text, as well as cultural history haunt the present), Bunuellian anti-clericism and movies drums Alex de la Iglesia at the end in the film, which is just that, alternately, every clever-clever metaphorically crossed the last element, dissipating interest. The lack of clarity regarding the rules of the game makes it incomprehensible, and wear eventually. <br /> <br /> Strangely, in this redefinition of artificiality, the main interest of the film lies in its capacity as a documentary, as a record of the story takes place in a real city with its own events which occur independently of each other. Such ambiguous blurring of fact and fiction can create a masterpiece like "Sans Soleil" or "London", but, ultimately, you have to have a light touch to match your wits.
