Vampires Vs. Zombies begins with the breaking news that an unknown disease that is spreading across America leaves the martyr with the deadly and cannibalistic tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Fat) to listen to the radio, as they move along isolated backwoods road to try and avoid the disease, if Travis is working on a guy who I assume is meant to be a zombie. A little further down the road, he stopped to help Julie (Brink Stevens) & her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson), who waved at the roadside, at the moment there is a third girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) is sitting in the rear of the car Julia is associated with a gag in his mouth. For me, this situation may seem strange, but Travis, like a trooper he is, takes it all on the go and agrees to "take» Carmilla at the hands of Julia, and, well, I do not know, actually. So, with a perfect stranger, Travis leaves leaving Julia & Tessa. Carmilla seems a nice girl, but she is a vampire, and she likes to bite people and turn them into vampires, and about it is partial to a bit of lesbianism too. Travis, Carmilla and Jenna continue to travel while some guy who calls himself a whole (Peter Ruginis), which seems to be a kind of vampire killer and probably something to do with all this, but the film is such a mess, he is not very business and I really do not know how to drive on this circuit section, as I have a headache just thinking about it ... <br /> <br /> with edited, co-executive producer, written and directed a highly mediocre Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombies is one of the scariest horror films ever, and therefore, one of the worst movies ever period. Scenario DAmato, apparently based on the classic story titled «Carmilla» Sheridan Le Fanu (he should sue) and an absolute mess, plot holes and logic so big you could drive a tank through them! What is a disease that turns people into zombies? Why vampire Carmilla? Who Julia her? Who the hell is General? What does he want? Where Travis and Jenna is going? As Travis can run over people & still has the lowest human emotions over it? That the mental ward at the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dream sequence just annoying the audience even more. There are just so many things wrong with this film, the story does not make sense to the concept of blind beaten terribly and never explained properly, plus it's incredibly boring. I do not have one positive thing to say about the Vs. Vampire Zombies, not just one. Forget about all vampires fight zombies, because it just does not happen, tell me again, why is this movie called Vampires Vs. Zombies? <br /> <br /> Director of D'Amato served up one of the most incompetent, worthless, poorly made, poorly thought out and excruciatingly painful viewing experience ever made. Vampires Vs. Zombies really has no redeeming qualities at all, there is not one aspect that I can praise. Gore is really a fake watch, there are some blood marks that look like a red water, some really cheap Kerner effects and half worthy climax, where a zombie ball on Carmilla-x and intestines Jen, it's pretty bloody scene, probably the best part of the whole wretched film, but it only lasts for a few minutes and in no way does not make another arrogant 85. <br /> <br /> budget Vampire Vs. Zombie was to small, in fact made it even have a budget, because most of them are on the road in several cars. This is one of the most poorly made horror film, it was my misfortune to observe all things just suck. Actions predictably awful and I mean awful. <br /> <br /> There is not much more left to say, Vampires Vs. Zombies is easily one of the worst movies ever made. (V), next to the headline on the front page for IMdB Vampires Vs. Zoimbies indicates that he went straight to the video, well, it's too good for this heap of shit, as it deserves to go straight for the nearest fire.
