Firstly, I must stress how rare it is that I take the time to comment on the film that I have seen, it takes a very special occasion for me to take the time and write about how I felt about the movie. Nevertheless, hundreds of movies I watched, I saw some of the brightest, Redemption, the most terrible, the woman in black, funny, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst :. Vampires vs. Zombies <br /> <br /> The first thing to say that this movie is not funny! For those looking for a light hearted film that is just plain fun or, at least, it is so bad that it's funny to look elsewhere. It is true that a film such as this are not trying to be thin and shiny, with a name such as you have to know what you are getting into. However, there is no excuse for the film, to waive any and all regulations governing the film making world. This is not an argument between the traditional manufacturing process of film and new and more "artsy" methods for making the film, it is a dispute between the poor and the directors of the Company to be held accountable for the horrific filmmaking. <br /> <br /> This film suffers from more than used to say: "I do not know where to start." In fact everything about this film is broken. From action and editing there is no reason any film has ever failed to deliver a cohesive series of events, such as Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of the problems listed below are; 1. Scene misfires- It is clear that the director, the film crew and actors were not on the same page. In one scene, in particular, the scene begins with the camera lying on the ground looking at the passenger side of the car door. Do you expect the person inside to come out, but there is, and this is no exaggeration, 10 second, at least, the delay between the camera goes on, and the director says "action", where something happens on the screen. The viewer is looking at the door at all times, no sound, no movement, just the stereotypical "dead air" that radio or TV commentators car Dread. Where the editing? 2. Acting- deed a crime in most cases, you can not expect that a film like this in the Oscar winners in the end, but the Vampires vs. Zombies takes bad acting on a completely different level. These "actors" could barely read his script, obviously because anyone with any ability to read and speak it would be able to pronounce the line better than these fools. My only comparison for action must be the opening scene of Resident Evil on the Playstation. But this action was even better. <br /> <br /> 3-Story-Wait, what? History? Again, you can not expect that it will be the history of The Greatest Ever Told, but it's too much to ask that we have a certain resemblance of the story? Why vampires? Who are the heroes? Who are the bad guys? Are there any good guys? Why all the lesbians? But most importantly, the deal with zombies? If you have seen this film, you will understand what I mean, but for those who will not be plain, NO zombies in this film, maybe aside from the five minutes it. It was almost as if the director forgot the name of the movie and had to throw a few zombies without explanation at the end. <br /> <br /> There's so much more, but I hope I have done enough so that no one see this film.
