While that is not really a scary movie (especially considering that it was made directly to the TV distribution), it will be very difficult to point out one aspect in the "bloodsuckers" that is, in fact, the original or refreshing. Vampires in space is not completely new formula, even after so many films deal with these monsters in this particular situation, there is still no one seems to understand that it's incredibly stupid premise that can not lead to the middle of a decent horror film . "Leeches" goes even one step further and shamelessly copy the entire movie conceivable that either rotates on vampires and intergalactic war. The plot and characters are mostly stolen right out of John Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron's "Aliens" as the crew futuristic vampire hunters are crusading through space and on a regular basis for the elimination of mutated species that originally called themselves after the notorious horror icons as Voorhees and Leatherfaces. The good guys a bunch of pathetic stereotypes, constantly has to deal with the clichéd question and argue endlessly about insignificant matters terribly. Captain Damian is unpopular newcomer who really need to prove their leadership skills now after more or less responsible for the death of the previous (and much loved) Captain Churchill. Other annoying characters include typical cowboy-style and trigger happy macho pilot, hard warrior with a large number of balls than any of the men on board (it is of Asian origin, like the girl in the "Alien" was Latino) and the army the most valuable secret weapon : blade-girl! Quintana beautiful and deadly vampire who chose the side of the people. It can detect enemies when they are still light-years away, and it can also make things outrageously sexy with someone's wet dreams. Eventually they learn to work as a team when they have to face the ultimate vampire cheapskate: Michael Ironside (the other reducing the role). "Leeches" is hopelessly stupid movie, but it is possible to please as long as it has a horrible murder, infantile dialogue and OTT make-up effects. It only becomes unbearably boring, if frustrated soldiers blamed the captain for the hundredth time and blah blah blah. This film is a non-stop series of lame clichés and uncreative ideas, but at least it's watchable.
