The man was in the most remote corners of the earth, and now he goes to a new world. But the new worlds of ancient evils come ... vampires space. And not just a handful, but whole tribes. In this film (which I saw as "bloodsuckers", but I think the same goes as «Vampires Wars») we can see what happens when humans meet imperialist imperialist vampires. <br /> <br /> I'll make this review very short because it is worth a good review. The best I can tell, this film has a good cast of B-list and upcoming stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana, and was far more attractive than that of «BloodRayne 2". Michael Ironside is a muco, and always a favorite (as I say, that he is a poor man Jack Nicholson). And we even get Carrie Ann Fleming as "the wife of Damian" that horror fans now recognize as the eponymous Jennifer from Dario Argento's "Jennifer". So this film is just as bad as it is, not without some names attached ... but the same can be said about the work. <br /> <br /> in Uwe Boll Concept vampires military escort and murder in space is not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the area of ​​"cheese", and this film provides hard. Action, especially against vampires is over the top and I just have not found an explanation for their existence is very convincing. Worst of all, the tribes of vampires are named «Voorhess» and «Leatherfaces». I know it was supposed to be a clever reference to horror fans, but it was not smart at all. It simply mute and sounded ridiculous (unlike much thinner links James Gunn «Slither», such as the store name after less known horror directors). <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can stand a lot of cheese (I could not in that day, and I'm from Wisconsin) and want to see the average actor with bad costumes to fight the vampires in space (although the "space" looks very much like any other forest on Earth) check this one out if you can find it. Personally, I do not recommend it if you can watch cheese other vampire movies (John Carpenter's "Vampire"), or other cheese of space movies. Or maybe even some good. But, hey, do his thing.
