I've seen it a couple of nights ago, without waiting too much, and it is not surprising that there is nothing too exciting not to give. The plot is created from the crew of vampire hunters (V-san vampire sanitation), passing in their spaceship space periodically killing vampires and rescue of people, quite sound and was the film has been treated better it would be good there was something quite an ace. Unfortunately, after a pretty decent sense of opening the actual quality of the film begins to drain, leaving something behind that, though vaguely watchable, quite ridiculously bad. I am nothing special of these films, which float on the Sci Fi Channel and, at least, it was not one of them is particularly important with terrible CGI beast Shambling about not expected, but it was still very poorly, mainly because of the written form and function, but with a sterling contribution to the overall hazard made terrible music. If the film is selected only for the typical science fiction sounding strange noises approach to the soundtrack he did well, but too often funny bad soft rock burst and broke into the scene folly. I would have tolerated total cheesy action and write more it was not for the choice of music, which was a serious miscalculation, making things from cheese to the convincing comic. The active, Dominic Zamprogna was OK, but bland as the nominal hero, while Lin Adachi was quite irritable as a tough girl vamp destroying command and Aaron Pearl played another member, who was not well written and interesting enough, to impress. Although it does not seem that good at acting lark Natassia Malte did well thanks to less irritating character than others, and the fact that it is a serious look at. The only major name in the cast, Michael Ironside, and it is underloaded, although he does well, pretty funny in a way, one suspects was premeditated. He seems to have fun and earn their wages and its role entertainment. Effects OK in general, they are, at least, of average standard sci-fi television show, and there are several scenes of blood spray and a bit of fun gore as well. Things move along well, and I can almost feel the sharp estimate this film is bad, but I remember bursting into laughter at regular intervals, and realizing that if the film is not intentional comedy, which I do not think it is, it just doesn 't succeed. Too many lame, crazy, lame, his efforts OK I guess, but it does not appeal to me. Just give it a go, if you really dig Sci Fi garbage or unintentional laughter, I'd say.
