Leeches have the potential to be a few decent film, the concept of military types hunt down and fight against the vampires in the space of each, with some potential for cheesier things. Even the idea of ​​the future of the universe is full of a variety of different vampire breeds, all with different attributes, many of which the characters have yet to learn about, such as cool as well. As for how much of life in the galaxy beyond Earth has a vampire, I do not know, as the creators intended for it to work, given the nature of vampires. Who the hell are they designed to deliver on, when nearly every vampire, I do not know. As this low-budget film comes mixture Firefly / Serenity and vampire movies with a dash of foreigners. <br /> <br /> As part of the film is pretty average and the derivative (especially of Tranquility), but passable - they are well made and there is enough blood for a vampire flick, including some of the comic various blood-beat. There is a lot of character things, most of which is tedious, based on the conflict between the characters, which basically seems like a whiny, immature arseholes- primarily cowboy man and Asian woman. There are a few scenes of characters who actually kind of work and the actors do not play too bad, but it's mostly slow. Good attempt was concretization of characters but people are not watching a movie called bloodsuckers for character development and drama. The current is really all right. Michael Ironside hams it and how interesting to see, as never before, and at least a few women hot. SFX space is not so bad for what is clearly a low budget work. History again pretty average and derivative, but, as I said, that the world has created a bit of potential. The way everything is set up Leeches does appear that the pilot for the dynamic nature of TV Series- presented, the world introduced, but has not been studied, etc. <br /> <br /> In the film, there are some moments and moments of scratching their heads - the kind of stuff that actually makes these brisk production watchable. -The scene where our heroes poll talking sock puppet chestburster type creature. Hilarious. - The "sex scene." WTF exactly. -The credit "and Michael Ironside as mucous." The most annoying aspect of all of this, though it is really awful, and, as a rule, stupid pop music they play very loud, more than half of the movie scenes. It is painful to listen to and only detract from the fact that only average at best. <br /> <br /> The main good hour you something rubbish, even if it's only for «chestburster» scene.
