Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as a blind Lilly, screenplay compulsively pretentious and completely arbitrary. Renowned theater director (Hilmir Snaer Gudnason), becoming blind after a car accident on the run for himself and his destiny. Lily, being blind since her birth, is a teacher for the blind, and want to make him "see" again. (The blind see with their fingers, nose and ears.) That this film becomes roadmovie; and the longer the road, the closer their relationship develops, which was predictable from the beginning of the film. The director of the theater is on the way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia, on the sea and the manufacture of art installations - we know that it must do more! - and she still lives, because it is waiting for his son to die. Oh, my God! This is fate! <br /> <br /> Finally, the son has arrived! Mom says a big party! On the beach. The wind is blowing and the pianist playing the piano now in the middle of the dunes. Yes, they celebrate her farewell. Son arrives just in time. The mother can finally swallow pills administered by a pretty nurse. Now, a great artist can die in the arms of the great artist's son, saying, sad reflections about living in perfect German, and the son replies with rough accent. Because the son is not able to see that he does not fall in love with a nurse, - the screenplay would also become too complicate! -. But looking for Lille on the way back home <br /> <br /> Along with this roadmovie Lily's sister, staying at home, I ask to deflower her in a rambling classmate, who must first booze himself courage favorable cases. Because my mother (Tina Engel) on the trip with her lover Lily Paul (by Harald Schrott). They after Lily to bring her back. Paul and Lily's mother does not fall in love, because the script of the film would be too complicated. The script was missed to make of Paul's something exceptional too. I would suggest that the architect or pianist, or of course the famous one! When they finally find Lily, they want to convince her to return to Paul, because he has two eyes to see and be able to care for her. But Lily felt love for his student, theater director; I mentioned that it was even a famous theater director? <br /> <br /> This is a German film art! As you can see in this ambitious production that German film subsidy fund does not always produce good films, because they only grant this kind of pseudo intellectual film. This film is really uncomfortable. I have the impression that the film's script was shot down by some Brahmin in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute to the idea. Perhaps Til Schweiger also contributed with some intellectual flash of wit, as a co-producer. I recalled this screenplay to another German film of absolute pain, "Bärfuss" - is entirely right spelling of the name! "Barfuss» DVD cover says proudly: "A Til Schweiger film." This film also received subsidies Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not spoil your time with this film! There are really good movies in Germany. Watch for directors as Mark H. ROSENMULLER, Vilsmeier Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Aquino ...
