Ghost Town begins as Keith Barrett (Hiklend) drive along an isolated empty road, her car suddenly breaks down and she could hear horses approaching Zaslyshit ... Deputy Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) to Riverton County is called to investigate the disappearance of Kate after her father tells her not missing. He finds her broken car and went looking for her, unfortunately, his car breaks down too and he should go. Langley ends in an abandoned dilapidated ghost town, to his surprise Langley soon discovers that it is quite literally a ghost town, it is inhabited by ghosts are former residents and manages the evil Devlin (Jimmy F. Skaggs), who kidnapped Kate for reasons explained, and it is up to Langley, to save it and finish towns curse ... <br /> <br /> one and only directorial effort Richard governor of this wonderful movie does not do a lot for me and I did not like it all that lot. Scenario Duke Sandefer trying to mix horror & Western genres that he does not make for any great effect. Have you ever wondered why no more horror western hybrid films out there? Well, no I, but when I ask myself this question, I would find the answers to all the questions in the Ghost Town, because it is not very good. These two genres just do not mix that well. There are many clichés, on the west side of things there are innocent townsfolk who should be afraid to stand up to a gang of thugs who terrorized in the shootings on the main street, saloon bars with swinging doors and prostitutes upstairs and horror wise there is a lot of cobwebs, some ghosts, ancient curse who say corpses and several brutal murders. I'm just really excited about this, I believe that there is nothing wrong with it but it's just boring and these two genres do not sit together, which is good. There are a few holes in the story, too, why Devlin kidnapped Kate? I know what she looked like his ex-girlfriend, but how does he know that what he was going to do with it anyway? We will never know why this ghost town full of ghosts either, I mean that they keep you there, and what caused them to come back as ghosts? Then there's a little bit at the end where Devlin after being shot says he can not be killed only for Langley to kill him a few seconds later, I mean, why not bullet work in the first place? <br /> <br /> Director of the Governor is doing well, there is a good atmosphere of a horror movie with some well shined cobwebs strewn sets and standard Hollywood western city presented here to the main street with wooden houses lining either side of him. I would not say that it is terrible, because it is not, there is not a lot of stress and a film drags in places, although only a little over 80 odd minutes in length. Forget about any gore, there a few bloody gunshot wounds, in the ex-post shot of two people with a slit throat and someone pierced with a metal pole, and that's all. <br /> <br /> I would imagine the budget was quite small here, is fairly well done and is a competent, if nothing else. Credit where credit is due for the period costumes and sets are pretty good actually. It acts in order, but no-Ona is not going to win any awards. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town strange film, I really do not know who it is meant to refer to & it certainly did not apply to me, Everyone is looking for Western will be annoyed nonverbal elements of horror, and someone searches for a movie horror will be bored by Western elements. This is something a little different, but it does not mean anything good, worth a look if your desperate, but not to destroy the guts to see it.
