I had a recent experience with the viewer The Perfect Witness (2007), because the computer recommendation engine NetFlix invited me to see this movie. Apparently, at some point, I told him how much I loved Michael Haneke Benny's Video. I do not know about you, but the parallels are drawn sparked in me the whirlpool of emotions and excitement about the film, Thomas C. Dunn and made the allocation of my time to it is practically impossible to refuse. Only such a recommendation from the computer intelligence Netflix, for me, were aesthetic / moral of the film set the bar to a level so high that upon reflection, it is something a lot of unfinished every movie produced in 2007. <br /> <br /> After the beat is my response to the film that way, I will continue to knock down this picture as poorly executed and trite; I really hate to do this, because I think our boy, Wes Bentley, happens not only one of the most interesting young people in modern cinema, but also one of its most overlook and undervalued screenacting talent in the US . I'm more than mildly concerned that the poor guy is going to miss the famous ship, if he continues to tinker with the filmmakers for the first time as it is. <br /> <br /> The ideal witness of Micah (Wes Bentley), which is about thirty years old, still lives with his mother ( "You do not drink again Ua's?"), but he was "directed" or at the very least some sort on the level of street voyeur with a pension to capture potential Johns in squalid alleys of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. There, making it a private investigator as drills, Micky «inadvertently» video-cassettes on the brutal murder of a hapless early twenty-ish student with his hand held camcorder. Baring the concept in mind that the snuff and films as a cultural exchange can be his equal his ticket out of the white urban ghetto (and not the debts of his unwitting friends and relatives who invest their money for his horrible movies), Micky striker approaches James LEMAC ( Mark Barkovskii: also takes credit letters) or «Mac Knife" ?? whichever- and blackmailing the killer in the creation of a documentary film about his killing impulses, keeping this found footage of the attack with police threats. <br /> <br /> problem with this film is not that there are no interesting ideas do not exist, because they do. While in the writing and direction is amateurish, that in itself does not make a bad movie. This is what these guys make quite a bad assumption that they are presenting shocking in the context of the culture in which almost anyone in the free world with access to a private computer may enter, on the Internet and catch the veracity of the action in the beheading of them small or Mac PC. No film does not depend on only to shock any more (unless, of course, oddly enough, this is not a film about torture on animals) and, therefore, cinematic images of violence (real or fake) are less and less cultural capital of every year that passes. In addition, we have this amazing actor talent in the lead all the style-up, this hip guy: his two-inch beard and skull cap with a small number of accounts on it, so, just like a moron out of high school, who longed potential services after my main love interest ?? the same guy who just now calls himself a "poet." <br /> <br /> Dismiss. "I am a painter," "I'm the director." Good. Please continue with this, Cronnie chip. It seems that you have bought a lot of expensive 35mm shares. And going forward, you can wear all accrutements of "creative", but do not expect that we will respond to you from above to below average follow your character after two hours of the film while you take down a career Wes Bentley. Why do not we just let history speak to the point, what are you doing, man filmmaker. I think the story in the end, will have something to say about that ?? like, it's probably not very good as you think. And so, chances are you'll be placing the blame on your dear ol mA, in the end, as our man Mickey here in The Perfect Witness; caught smack in the blood of your friend with a camera in hand. Excellent.
