Another day stuck in the room, another movie to watch. After finally finished their Christmas shopping yesterday on a cold and foggy day, I had nowhere else to go, to avoid the "Earth, forgotten time." Or rather, I did not have anything to look at. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, that bastion of the leading male actors, has several allied sailors sunk by U-Boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916, capturing the U-Boat (in a scene that defies logic and reason), they eventually find themselves on a strange island, apparently untouched by human hands. Together they explore the land and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of the land that time forgot? <br /> <br /> Despite the fact, took a few years before the "Star Wars", these films are light-years apart in terms of special effects. Model boom slightly better than anything you would expect to see in an episode of Jerry Anderson "Scat" and things are not much better either. If the T-Rex (I guess that's what it was) was killed, he fell just what to do zombies, if you kill them - frozen in the middle of the walk, and coagulation, hand and leg dragged like a sleeping cow, they were replaced by more. Of course, these sets are not so bad, but lousy action and infinite explosion of sounds (which are all sound the same) are doing everything possible to destroy the trust and the pleasure of the whole picture. Characters are neither believable if worthy of your sympathy as they shoot their guns, it would seem, everything that moves. In the end, I just do not care when they came to the island or not, and by that time came to an end, I was more than relieved entertained. <br /> <br /> enough authentic costumes, while cave sun arrives and it's a bikini and leather loin cloth bear all round. Even though it was pretty obvious from their actions, you would not know that some characters were Germans from their accents. All of this simply did not have some kind of gloss and cohesion, leaving the viewer to get lost in places and confusion in others. Overall, this film is a bit registers ripple of excitement these days, although you can find some little fun in trying to decide where to Colin Farrell. I saw his name in the credits and was half expecting a child will be with an Irish accent and suspect hair on the face. Oh, well. Nothing particularly great here to see it, but only on the order when you eat dinner, and the weather prevents further activity.
