I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited as I am a big fan of punk rock, horror and deception. I was very surprised by what I saw. I knew that this was a low budget, but I did not expect that it will tape a video camera. It opens with a good song and a large, very underrated band, The Horrorpops, reforming their songs where they roam, and quickly killed in various hideous ways. This is a great discovery. But the problem lies in the fact that until the end, it was really all the film. Live performance, Death. Other live performance, and death. He is aging. And there are gross (literally) gut abuse in the death scene. Why did not the killer to use other parts of the body like legs or eyeballs or brains? Do not get me wrong, this film has some parts that are awesome. Hardcore French artist, known simply as the Beret group perspective called Atticus, a scene that includes a performance by members used and Simple Plan, play together, as neither team had enough members to play their shows, and bowling to overweight -and-proud of his guitarist Soup killed in a really fun way, that I will keep for future observers of this film. But the biggest problem I have with this film is the first comic, but after some time, a terrible lack of acting talent in many of the "actors". Especially Warped Tour creator Kevin Lyman. He tries very hard, but I suspect that he does not want to make the film, but was contractually obligated or something. In addition to this, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. resolution plot of the film is very vague and very casual. something about magic swords and Lloyd Kaufman, the devil. Bottom line, this film has a lot of merit, but not enough to be anywhere near a decent Horror, Music, or Comedy. Despite the fact that I should lend it to turn me into some groups that I would never have listened otherwise. Such as tsunami bomb and Phenomonauts (mad, saykabili group). I encourage you to make this film, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes if you like it, watch the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, then look no further. If not, just go to the features and watch all the music videos and live performances. They rock! Long live Punk Rock and horror!
