This film can be designated as the case study. It is not only the fact that it is unhealthy and non-fiction thirst of all that could be called as Soso-images. The author lives with the impression that his sanctimonious rebellion against certain generic and children, called social diseases ( "Moldova is the most poor regions of Europe", "I do not believe one iota in bird flu", "the Romanian people steal because they poor Europeans to steal because they are thieves "), more or less close to the responsible moral and artistic relationship - but it is very wide of the mark <br /> <br /> Daneliuc that does not know that it's not enough to make out! self righteous - you also need a modicum of professionalism, talent and intelligence to move etuyu position in the artistic product. Doom, "Foreign Legion" shows how much insight as family videos Uncle Gogu drunkenly wetting himself in front of the guests. The scenario is chaotic and incoherent, random busy with various other halves items illiterate attempt to suggest a story . The direction of the pathetic amateur - the so-called "director" can not create at least mediocre mise en scene, his shots annoyingly inconvenient, and any sense of the narrator shines complete absence. (Of course, any comment is forced to stay at this level, it would be ridiculous to mention the notion of "cinematographic language", "means of expression" or "style"). Positive action «Cântarea României» ( «Romania Chant») level, with the exception of ... paradoxically, soccer goalie certain Raducan, which is very natural, and Nicodemus Unguryan. Oana Piecnita, there seems to be a real freshness, but she compromised amateur instructions Daneliuc. <br /> <br /> The most serious aspects of this crime in a decent movie is the fact that the production has received a fair funding from the national budget, with the help of the CNC (National Film Board). The fact that for a long time dead old dinosaurs Daneliuc still yearns for clear government udder (in a market economy, they will be immediately eliminated by natural selection). But corruption is so-called "jury" that squander the money of the country at such a ridiculously rough non-art, nya-cinema and culture belong to the criminal sphere.
