Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, the years are given for this name) is a veteran of Hong Kong Chin Hung Kee (Killer Snakes Boxer Omen, pay in blood, etc.), women in prison, a wave of production of the legendary Shaw Brothers, Yes, even if they got their hands in the low sickies operation like this, and bamboo is certainly among the worst attempts of the whole genre, even in comparison with Western attempts tend to pale in comparison to the eastern movies! <br /> <br /> the story of a Japanese war camp in which Chinese women are brutalized, raped insults and bad Japanese (what else?) in the Second World War. Girls, too, know the secret place where the box full of gold is hidden, and to learn that the Chinese military has increased in Japan (veteran Shaw Lo Lieh) is actually the agent is under cover, among other Japanese and, of course, helps the girls to escape from hell. The following sequence is full of gratuitous nudity, female kung fu, some nasty torture, dismemberment, immorality and very insulting anti-Japan relationship, which makes this film pure and honest rubbish that does not even try to be more than that. <, Br /> <br /> There is hardly any interesting items in the bamboo house of dolls. Random image especially at the end looks beautiful with its sunshine and beautiful scenery, but that's about it in the department deserves. The fight scenes are many and always include a half-naked woman hitting and shoving. Violence in general pretty nasty sometimes with multiple gunshot wounds, misogynist torture scenes (for example, a poor girl brutalized on the floor, filled with broken glass, etc.) and very off-putting endings and morality behind it. Of course, it's silly to talk about "moral" when he wrote about this kind of movie, but there are still elements that I do not take to find from any film. <br /> <br /> The film is also some nice turkey elements for sure! For example, a gold box filled with heavy gold seems suspiciouly light as weak and injured the girl does not seem to have any problems lifting and moving it, let alone throw it! In addition, these numerous "skin fight scenes" make it pretty smile inducing for fans of trash cinema. I saw the killer snakes of the same director (1973), which is ten times more, it is worth noting as a piece, and although it is a lot of live snakes killed in fact, it is also more visually interesting, and shows us some of the unpleasant side of the other side of the big city and society. In addition, it is mandatory for those who are afraid of snakes. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls suffered some censorship, too, which is not considered to be the subject of a surprise. Redux version (dubbed in languages ​​other than English) released in Europe, at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, operates PAL 104 minutes until the cut, English dubbed print released in Holland, Belgium and Greece, is only 84 minutes in the PAL. From what I've heard, the cut scenes are not only violence or other graphic stuff, but also dialogue and "plot development", and the like. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls cinema trash in the worst shape and definitely something I would not like to see a Shaw Brothers and Hong Kong as a whole. Some of the Italian exploitation films of the same subject matter is much more interesting and noteworthy than it's pretty funny, calculated and useless piece of exploitation cinema. 2/10
