I do not usually given to hyperbole, but after watching more than two decades in the amount of the Academy Awards, I can honestly say that this year's awards show was the most shameful example of bad direction, full of cruelty and stupidity that I have ever had the misfortune to witness. I'm not talking about the rewards of themselves- as usual, there is much debate about when you tally up who won and who lost, and who was not even nominated, but this process, as it has always been just as liable to be. What is terribly unfair treatment as a "star" and "non-stars" were in the hands of Cates and Horvitz, in the name of "reducing depression." <br /> <br /> It is enough that bad the last few years who are not Al Pacino was "played" by 45 seconds, without paying attention to what he says, as he says, and that emotion was behind statement. He does not show anything more than a total lack of respect, however, the herd's candidacy on the stage, as cattle without paying them the honor to show his face, and their names are read to make them sneak up quietly, when they lose to rid their sharp the thrill of walking on the catwalk, and get them to read their statements back to the audience. All these things were done in the "no star" -Never mind that the films would not exist without any of these artists, and most of them have only ever get one chance encounter with their peers and their audience. <br /> <br /> Star is not much better. It is becoming more and more boring than funny when the winners of the caliber of Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to ask a few extra seconds for their performances. Chris Rock as host, was not in the inflammatory and controversial, as hoped Academy, nor nearly as funny as it could be. His opening word was almost (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn made them to be, and his commentary during the show were more harmless than interesting. Of course, he could not be blamed, when it became clear that at the present time is saved . as a short leash as any host in the end, Chris Rock was the fact that he almost never had before:. non-target <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers were handled poorly . Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason why it should have been observed in three of the five songs. Another example of a complete lack of respect for the artist gave the selected song Jorge Drexler to Antonio Banderas-, though Drexler attended and obviously would not mind singing a song based on his victory "speech.» <br /> <br /> The efforts Cates and Horwitz to make the show shorter and faster, it may have worked to some extent, but the fact that as a result of the show was devoid of life. We all whine about overlong speeches of the people we do not know about the inflated production of quality complacency. But it is their night is not ours. What does it mean to be the holiday has become an insult to the people observed. Cates and Horvitz must be honest, not a shame.
