John Hughes wrote many wonderful comedies in the 80s. "European vacation" is not one of them. Follow-up Hughes' first big hit "Holiday" (1983), is the same predictable, unfunny and annoying as they come - no matter how much you love dumb but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo). <br /> <br /> I am very fond of "vacation", as well as the third film in 1989 "Christmas vacation", but Griswold trip to Europe is both fresh and stimulated. Maybe because it was the first attempt Hughes later that he did not get, but it's really dumbfounding how uninspired and devoid of history, "European vacation" is. There is no through history: Griswolds win a game show for being "greedy pigs" and go on a tour to Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even eccentric physical humor that is the hallmark of the first to expire, because you see it coming, which is part of the blame in Hekerlinga director. In "Fast Times at Ridgemont High» Director installs all too predictable. <br /> <br /> Maybe it was Hughes, taking a cheap shot, because it was put up in the future. "European vacation" takes great pride in abusive Americans (remember the greedy little pig game show they win), especially tourists, represented cornball Griswold family. He also pats itself on the back indirectly saying. "About Us Griswolds, we always get something, because our dad is an idiot" Then in an almost comical way it ends tribute to America and how grateful Griswolds must return to a better country. If Hughes is going to satire and intended to do so in the form of a bad movie, well, maybe I shall award it 8/10 stars. <br /> <br /> This is not only unfunniness, but "European Vacation" boasts two worst actors to play the children Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and unpleasant, with unattractive and screaming Audrey sobbing on the other she left behind almost the entire movie. Hughes even goes so far as to her comment about missing his right as she watches a giant bratwurst. Very tasteful. Saying, chest flashed in two different scenes without a good reason (if it was not to comment on the love of Americans gratuitous nipples in his comedies). <br /> <br /> I will give one of the two film stars thanks to Eric Idle Monty Python crew, whose cameo at several different points in the film where he reads a line directly from the "Holy Grail" of the funny parts. If Hughes is for us to find one of the only non-American film actors, once the fun part, and then another tip of the hat to him to open up the underbelly of the Hollywood comedy in 80 years. However, whether it will be painful for him to do so, making it entertaining?
