I'm a big fan of Pacino movie. He is one of, if not the best, actors in the genre. However, this film could have been much better, even if it was a bad throw. All they had to tell the story of Carlito Brigante, until he went to prison. Instead, it makes it seem that this is just one of many stories that can be told about Carlito. All or some of the questions about his past, we wondered about the original may have been answered. As I understand it, the only way you can do this film. Instead, we get this prequel that has almost none of the original characters in it a character that plays a different part of the original (terrible move), and entirely different love interest for Carlito. Do not even get me started with Puffy. In no case can not be assumed that the cat seriously as gangsta after watching him dance in all its video artists. Evertytime that the man opened his mouth, I waited for him to start dancing. He made me laugh when something. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he was going to give a lackluster performance due to its recent history. He did pretty good. He was, perhaps, the most "believable" from all over the plaster in my opinion. Jay Hernandez did everything possible, but do not have the skills right now in his career to take on this role. I appreciated his energy and his efforts, though. It's hard to keep track of Pacino. The only way that you might even have an idea that there was such a person, Carlito to see original source. Otherwise, the SSC looks like blooded killer in the same stage, the gutless wimp another. He was one of the Baddest gangsters of his time, but you will only see a flash that in this movie. Maybe this is a miserable way to Hollywood to try to make the second prequel to cash in on this failure. It would not surprise me. <br /> <br /> In general, in my opinion, this film was less, or what it could be. The only reason I gave it a 3 because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples earned some respect back with me. Serious director had to make this movie and actually put the time in history and turned it into a true prequel. I am very disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. They had better do it in a mini-series on HBO and actually tells a story, as suggested by the original. At the end of the film, they had the audacity to suggest that Carlito will have to return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... that's a part of everyone wants to see !!! Again, this is just my opinion. I can not tell you how to spend the money.
