Where do I start. I heard that this movie came out, and I was very crazy. I'm a huge fan of the way the original Carlito and when I heard about it, I thought it would be the same as in almost all other extensions that go to Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. Boy, I was wrong, this film was much worse than I expected. Not to mention all the sequels bad, but here's the problem with Hollywood these days, they make too many sequels and remakes and rush them. This is not a theater release, this DVD release. Nevertheless, in my opinion, there was no reason for it to be made. After I heard about this film was completed, I then heard Pacino was not in it. It immediately killed any chance of this film was supposed to be good. Why do I have to check out this film with some of you might ask? Well, I had the opportunity to see it, so I did. I do not only watch movies that I have high hopes, I had low expectations for this is obvious. I just wanted to see if he will have anything to do with that in it. Now that some of you reading this supporter Carlito's Way, you know, a lot of history in the first has to do with him to go to jail. <br /> <br /> * very small Spoiler * I will not ruin anything, because it can actually make you not want to spend 2:00 watching this garbage. All I will say in the end of the IS-2 Way Carlito, Carlito, we do not see to go to jail. Now, I do not know about any of you, but I would have thought, a prequel to the Carlitos Way to show how he ended up in prison. I even had some interest to actually see what happened. <br /> <br /> At the present time, it is not my only problem with the film. The actor, who played Carlito did not do too bad a job, but it could not save this movie, if he tried. There's not even all of those little things that should be thrown out there, that the supporters of Carlito's Way wanted. You do not see any signs of Kleinfeld and other key characters in the first, I would like to see something like that. To make matters worse, Luis Guzman in the movie, but he does not play the same character he played in the first film. Big mistake on their part, why cast the same actor for another character, he made the film worse than it already was. <br /> <br /> In the end, I fluffed Carlito's Way, this new right to a DVD-release is a disgrace. If you're a fan, do not watch this movie in the near future with high expectations. This film did not do anything for me, in principle, and it is certainly one film that I used to be picking up on DVD, or ever again to watch.
