Well, I just gave 95 minutes and 47 seconds, which I will never return to this piece of garbage. I heard someone on the Internet describe the villain of the film as "inhuman cannibals," and I thought it was promising, because I thought it would be similar to the descent. Wrong! The descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and strong plot. These villains are completely unrealistic, and no part of their work is not enjoyable to watch. This film is not so controversial, I have seen this level of gore in many films. This film is plain bottoms. Synopsis: A blonde who thinks that she is a real hot (but it is not), its supporters, and one of her fans in (no, I do not remember their names) go into the forest. Their car breaks down. They were warned to leave by a man named Mark. Blonde gets unnecessarily hysterical and the next morning they can not find other fans in. Supporter impales his leg (oops!). Do not worry, it is much more upset when his car will not start, than when it gets pierced by nails. After coaxing a nanosecond, the blonde goes to find help. Events follow that I can not remember. During this and throughout the film, we showed grotesque scenes of torture, without test substance, including one that made me gag. Blonde goes to save a supporter of the cannibals at home (although they have seen it eat intestines, which would logically be the last choice for real cannibals are, since they contain the actual food). Blonde is a supporter of the pain and works very hard (unsuccessfully) to work to tears. Then you will get a good laugh when the blonde in the house, and declares that it can "think outside of them." Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a great change of character if he shows cannibals are his family. Then there's shooting, they leave the house, the shooting continues, the random guy shows up and says that he was watching them. Before it is removed, we have shown, acid-trip scene inspired more kills. Blonde or her supporter shoots him, because he did not help them. There's more kills, supporter professes his love for the blonde. Then the mysterious hand covering the camera. What does it mean? I do not know, I hope, not a sequel.
