Way back when, the X-Files was a clever, thought the show. Much of its appeal is that the authors looked at the folklore and science behind their ideas, linking the plot to the side of the real-life ghost. <br /> <br /> I was extremely wary of the 8th season, when he was in the air. The show has already presented two very good episodes to say goodbye to the ( «One Son» and "Requiem"), and the 7th season has seen a sharp increase in episodes that scraped the trunk of the ideas that were far-fetched, implausible or downright silly. But I realized, hey, give him the benefit of the doubt, maybe they bring it back, because they have some great ideas lined up. <br /> <br /> «Roadrunners' really care. After «Patience», which at least offered an interesting angle on the vampire folklore, the show was done well to avoid an episode sees a strange (alien?) Parasitic slug with the power of mind control cult revered wilderness Christians. Oh, and they think that this is the second coming of Christ, but you will find that only in the last few minutes. Seriously. There has never * any * attempt to understand it in order to explain that the cochlea, why all that is happening, what is going on or anything. Even in the early years of the show - in fact, * especially * if - you would expect a little more depth, a bit of background, or if it is not the other way around - a little mystery, some uncertainty as to what it's all about, <br / > <br /> it is Scully, that actually kills him, though. You can put up with the stupidity of the room, but have a character that was designed for a good 7 years as a rational skeptic turn into a trusting individualist solely for the promotion of the plot bizarre look. You feel like you are looking at some godawful teenage horror, except that it is a woman, and her thirties rushing views horrible isolated community that she has spent the better part of a decade to reveal the sinister underbelly of being either outwit very stereotypical Hicks or even indifferent to its own security. Oh, and by the way, Dozhetty new Mudler, not around. Scully just wandered off into the desert to look into the brutal murder on its own without him. It shows, in the end, to save the day - I can not even remember why - but, in addition, that it is actually not the case. Again :. Seriously <br /> <br /> In short, it feels like a common scenario written for another show, or something for a movie project, which they are allowed to stick like a leech mutant in the backbone of the existing protracted show at the time when he was most vulnerable. Perhaps I have been working on a smaller show, where the characters and the audience more archetypical wait less. But the X-Files was good to go, and Scully was one of the strongest and most original television heroes 90s. Deciding that you are going to change their personality for the sake of history, they must be made on a Star Trek good fifty or so time does not make sense.
