This film is full of ultra-lightweight fluff, predictable from start to finish. As a car Don Knotts, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet» was much better with the character Knott not as incompetent or ignorant. His performance has been softened or his trademark goggle-eyed vision, although it may have something to do with it are replaced throughout most of the film, cartoon fish. Knotts made a living from the game at the pretty imbecility, as did Bob Denver. None really seemed to be able to enter other types of roles, thinking that they were just a type. This was probably due to stoop, wild eyes and high voice. John Ritter, which Knotts worked in the «Three companies," was able to go beyond its genre, expanding successful in dramatic roles as «The Dreamer of Oz," but near Knotts ever received was a small role in "Pleasantville." Even Leslie Nielsen was ill-suited here, uncomfortable or just a dramatic actor, he was at the time, nor the calm comedian, he went on to become in "Airplane!" And "Police Squad". <br /> <br /> There's also no way then 43-year-old Knotts could pass for 35 years, since his character, he insisted. It was as ridiculously unbelievable, like Tom Hanks in 38 plays college age Forrest Gump. <br /> <br /> The film was obviously made on a shoestring budget, is very similar to a hastily filmed a TV episode. This is particularly evident in the "external" backstage "city", where Roy is after he fired. This is unlikely, even a preschooler would be misleading Mayberry-like sound artificiality of the scene. <br /> <br /> Even viewing it strictly as a children's film, it's very frustrating. This is not because it lacks action or special effects, but it does. The pace is too slow, the situation repeated. How many times you can watch Roy to get on a bus? Comedy children should at least occasionally irresponsible, with a dizzying gags, otherwise you run the risk of them sad (and adult theater as well). Movies, movies, even smaller, have improved quite a bit in the next decade. Even many modern comedies were filmed and recorded better. Disney's «The Love Bug», for example, at least, had some interesting action of the race.
