Maybe it was the name or trailer (of course, not an interview on the DVD, which with the director, he goes on to say "hello, children" into the camera as a clown), but I had hopes for the guts of a virgin to be at as a little sloppy fun with some good sex scenes and brutal, bloody murder in a bizarre Japanese punch. It turns out that it is running too for his own good, or bad, or whatever. There's a problem, and you can see it also in the Italian sexploitation flick Porno Holocaust similar to this in many respects- in not having a balance of sex and violence. Too much sex, and it will become a prototype of porn, and even with a great product quality in comparison with the majority of professional porn! And with scenes of murder must be at least a little stickiness, and possibly only a modicum of ingenuity in the creation of beings / killer / whatever. Virgin Nedra has none. It is safe to say that it is pretty soulless film, even if it is not one of the very worst made- he's just a horny dog ​​Japanese fetishists to enter the girl is in trouble, and men who have all their brains in their "other" head. <br /> <br /> In this case, we have given the team photo, where the guys take a few shots of some of the girls, nothing too obscene, and then through a thick fog, they remain at a certain house for one night and picked off one by one one "and the killer," as he counted. Firstly, the director Kazuo «Gaira» Komizu decides that he must deliver the quota of random sex scenes in the early on- we get matching (or called in, take your pick) of the shank is one of the photographers who have sex with one or more girls elsewhere. It seems that it is from another movie. Then, once settled in the house, there is a scene "Wrestling", which badly choreographed and shot (yes, we really need to see it "all" there), and then to rape and murder. First, rape, photographers, which promises the girls what jobs for its time. Then the murderer, who is being D'Amato is just dirt and made silly faces, and that for some unknown reason, kills people and / or raping women, one after another. <br /> <br /> Currently, the last of which, taken by themselves, are to be considered the main points of the film. It is said, however, that crunches are the best part poorly tasting salad. Eye dolt scene spike thrown out as an Olympic event (the scene, in fact, it's cool), and finally, entrailing from excessive sex-crazed girl, whose nonessential name I can not remember. Even * that * only becomes frustrated by the fact that the title is not correct! In addition, sex scenes, which become tiresome through «Gaira» and his indulgence in a long-term take-no-cards, where all the Japanese censors blurred anyway, covered over actors (one would think that they seem to be enjoying themselves enough so , the need to allow them to "speak" for themselves). But the overall feel of the entrails of the Virgin is the fact that, with clots is one where it's just there to be looked at, and without the slightest fear of the unknown or the actual (to look like the last girl left alive virgin pictures, trying to stop the killer from getting to it, which lasts five minutes, she continues to throw the stick at it!) you just want it to be done, for "I hate the woman" mantra to weaken or eliminate altogether.
