I'll be the first to speak of the fact that I gave the film 3 out of 10, after some thought. I was going to give him the right one, but he's got a couple of extra points for the calculation of the body. But that would be about it. Let me explain. I paid just £ 1 for this DVD at the supermarket, because I usually have a lot of faith in the dumping horror, B-movies especially. But if this film was aiming status B, I suspect that it was a number of reasons (which I will discuss in a moment), it is not great. Moreover, it is to shoot B and misses, it landed somewhere near F. This film had so many opportunities to be good, and it's largely failed on all accounts. I mentioned above that, most likely, this film aspires to the status of B and, it seems, to try to achieve this by trying to mix humor with horror, that can be either very good or very bad. For example, later Freddy movies (Dream Warriors year) everything about Freddie's style and nose leaf, which is working fine! But this film is completely bombed out in this regard, because the time when they were trying to make the humor in just basically nonsense. I admit, however, that prior to the film's humor was good. In fact, for about half an hour, I liked this movie and was ready to congratulate themselves on another good find. But what really killed this film for me was absurd murder. For example, if "Satan" breaks a cat against the board and wrote "B" with his blood, using his body as a brush. Or closes when "Satan" the door to a helpless invalid elderly woman. Now I'm usually not too against the senseless killings in the movies, hey, that point, right? But in these two cases, I just found it grossly offensive and unnecessary anything in the movie story especially. For me, the film has gone down since then. One of the major bad point in this movie that I hated every character in it. Child, Dougie were just ridiculously annoying !!! I'm hard to explain how he could write off all these bodies, and people had been killed in his eyes as a gimmick! I mean, come on !!! I fully understand that being in a horror movie character really needs to be a little silly, like running up the stairs, you need to explicitly run out of the house screaming for help, but this guy took the biscuit! I wanted to kill him myself at the end of it! It was absolutely incredible, and if I had to hear him say, "Duh!" Another time I was going to hit my head against the wall because that watching this film felt. Why do not I just turn off the movie? Mainly because I truly believe the end times can redeem the film. But I was wrong in this case. The ending is not redeemed in this film, he further irritated the hell out of me, and was insufficient for the storyline. I get it already! The killer always come back, dressed as someone else, it is welcome in the home of a foolish child, and go on killing spree again, because nobody suspected him in this costume! I got it! This film made me physically angry because it was so stupid! And if for some dirty error you end up watching this movie, follow the intestine. Frankly, if this guy really have a bowel that looked so, I would have been surprised that he was not already dead, not to mention up until someone breaks them, and connects them to a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact, I even go so far as to say that the only character I liked at all in this film was actually the killer. Clean, because if his "comedy routine" work, it did work. In general, the storyline of the film dragged everything that could be well down. Why did the killer kills? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he really was, that is quite typical, but without any motive - hell, I do not know, I would have to agree on it with a bad Halloween as a kid! It is the only seems more pointless, silly. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hated the movie so much that I specifically registered IMDb just so I could comment on. Save your money, save the healthy. Stay away from him!
