This "ontology" horror movie. It consists of 4 short stories taken from the fiction of Robert Bloch (who has written for Weird Tales and personal friends with H.P. Lovecraft, but is best known for «Psycho» original story). The quality of stories is very uneven, and I do not think very much about the movie was terrible or awful at all. It would be better to do it as a comedy, like "The Comedy of Terrors." Only the last of the four stories were really done in a humorous way, and this is probably the best of them (the one with Ingrid Pitt). I have seen some of these anthologies Amicus and the only movie that was actually worth my time Freddie Francis "Tales from the Crypt." Anthology style works well for producers, because it means that they can hire a bunch of "big name" actors to use them only for one shot a week or so, and then bring in the next big name. Thus, you are basically paying for the 6 weeks of a movie star salary, but to get 5 or 6 different names on the marquee. But it is very sad for the audience, because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt actually work together. Instead, they are stuck in these vignettes themselves. So let's take them one at a time, for a short time. <br /> <br /> The first story has Denholm Elliott, who really does an excellent job of trying to bring the dignity of his silly roles as a writer terrorized his own character, Unfortunately, the actor who plays Dominic, a source of terror, Tom Adams, looks just stupid, that destroys all possible horror. There's some things a paddle, if you want to laugh at him, though, as the scene where Dominique kills psychiatrist Elliott. This patented scene where the killer sneaks up behind the victim, but no one is watching, so that the whole audience should scream "peek for you!" The second story is one with Peter Cushing. God, I love that man so much. It is a pity that many of his films, like that, pretty much stink. In history, he should be wasting away on a long-lost love, and he sees her likeness in wax museum. It is quite predictable story that goes nowhere. <br /> <br /> Then you've got a little bit with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a young child who is a witch. Again, this bit could be fun, if you're playing for a laugh. Instead, we should be horrified when Lee slaps the child and surprised when it turns out to be evil. Actress Chloe Franks, was pretty good in this type of «Bad Seed» role, though. <br /> <br /> The last story like fun ... Ingrid Pitt plays the actress and actor Jon Pertwee plays accidentally buys vampire cloak that turns it into a real vampire. That's the story has to offer. I was amazed at how bad English Ingrid Pitt, I believe that it should be duplicated in some other films I've seen it. <br /> <br /> Not a very memorable film, or one that I would recommend to anyone but Completists horror.
