The storyline of the film is a whimsical and pat. Two women pass through the Middle East and to discover. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a film about the Middle East and Central Asia is absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> The film's producers either did not do any research or were incredibly lazy when filming it. To begin with, and most defiantly wrong Nuristanis, as they were known in the thirties, and in fact, since the 1890s, and their forced conversion of Abdul Rahman Shah Aghnaistan, were not nomads. In fact, they were not nomads since the Aryan invasions of Central Asia over three milenia ago. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the city, which is removed entirely in Tehran Tehran, which is understandable, but the geography of the area around the city could not be more strikingly different than in Tehran, which is surrounded on all sides by high mountain range which dominates all views of the city. <br /> <br /> Third, Farsi, although spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, I have never heard of the film. If there are native speakers who do not speak German, they speak Arabic. guards "Persian" on the border, in effect, saying to each other "Ma hadha rujal» (This is not a person), and not "in the NIST Mard", as it would be in Persian. In addition, a song about love between an Indian princess and one of the main characters, obviously in Spanish. During a conversation in the garden of one of the main characters he says that the Qur'an uses the word «Ferdos» and «jehaan» and makes some references to drugs afterword. These words, of course, never appear in the Qur'an, they are Persian Raya (actually, Ferdos Paradise and very distant kinship between the two languages) and "The World", respectively, although Jehaan, admittedly close to the «Jehennan» , which is a hell in Arabic. When faced with the nomads in the desert language is also spoken Arabic, and this despite the fact that there are no carriers of the Arabic language in Iran and Afghanistan, and its use is primarily religious, with some use in education at the time. <, Br /> <br /> If they stopped in Iran, before they reach the border Afghan people that they face, quite unlike any of the Iranian group. Their tents are usually Bedouin carpets that adorn the walls and high profile. Iran is also very unusual for people to wear a bandage, if they are not a cleric. Arabic language explicitly from the initial greeting "Ahlan Sahlan in. When they reach Kabul desert they find themselves in sand, totally unlike rock mud, which is located in the arid areas of the Hindu Kush mountain range. There is no light green bushes covering the ground in the summer and spring . the area is also not fully consumed in extreme mountain ridge, which won its name, Indian Killers', due to its complex and marginal land. <br /> <br /> in short, the story line is the only one in this film, which keeps the water, and she Yash Th weak and common place. It does not have any real draw to it being just a tale of two women who are trying to learn about themselves, how they get Nuristan, however, even this one dead and no real development is not felt, leaving characters in the end exactly where they were at the beginning, and nothing has changed except for the fact that World war two broke loose. in short, this is a very bad movie, which I would rate one star for good yardage Bedouin and desert Levant, except even to Are they properly named.
