The basic premise of "Miami Golem" is defined deserves a place at the top of, say, fifty craziest cinematic scenes ever scripted down! I know that the top 50 does not sound too impressive, but I saw a lot of really wonderful films with crazy conspiracies. I was prepared from something confused, because the film was directed and co-author Albert De Martino, who was one of the most ambitious and creative, but unfortunately underappreciated filmmakers Italy. De Martino steal some ideas from successful blockbusters, like most Italian directors were doing at the time, but it always adds a lot of things to make it even more complicated, confusing and overwhelming. Not all the films De Martino are meaningful, but some of them are very underrated as a "special Magnum for Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for murder." The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements of many great Sci-Fi & adventure films (for example, «Alien», «Starman», «Close Encounters of the Third Kind», «ET», ??), but I would not exactly call it a rip-off . The only thing that really shamelessly stolen from another of the film is the opening synth song that sounds almost identical to Harold Faltermeyer Axel F. from "Beverly Hills." The rest of the movie is a fun-bag of fantasy, dreams, action, horror and superhero-movie tricks. This, of course, does not always make sense (most of the time he does not, in fact), but "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly a creative and versatile film that has retained its mate, and I was impressed from start to finish. <br /> <br /> the story is extremely difficult brief, but I'll try anyway. Milford skeptical journalist Craig tells the story of a German scientist, who allegedly discovered alien DNA inside a broken meteorite could clone it. Cell DNA belongs to an evil alien force that has killed more interstellar races in the past, and it will undoubtedly destroy all of humanity, as soon as it becomes large enough in size. If this is not a problem already rich Mr. Anderson ordered the kidnapping of slowly growing evil fruit, because he thinks he can manipulate and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good aliens in the earthly disguise, Craig Milford has complicated the task of protecting the planet from the evil fruit. Well, I know all this sounds grotesque and foolish, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is actually frivolous and easily absorbed by Flick. The first half of the film may come across as overly hectic and confusing, because Alberto De Martino tries to keep the plot a secret through the use of absurd red herrings. There are subliminal ghostly phenomena that support the characters behave deliberately mysterious no real reason, and at some point there is even a suggestion of the lost Atlantis. It's all hype, upholstery material, however, and as soon as the installation is more or less clear, "Miami Gaulle" turns into a thriller popcorn Average early 80s with the massacre, colorful chase sequence (in the Everglades in Florida!), explosions, free of mucus and ugly little fruit-monsters in banks. <br /> <br /> now, I really do not want to have the impression that "Necessity is the mother of Miami" is lost and unjustly obscure gem of Italian exploitation cinema. Make no mistake, this is a very bad film! Events are only moderate, if you are taking stupidity and plot inconsistencies, and if you do not succeed in what is good, what is just nonah stop irascible negative aspects. Existing speech excruciatingly awful. In particular, the veteran B-movie, John Ireland, as the archetypal James Bond criminal nature, do not seem less interested in the script. You can tell from his face and the way he delivers his lines, he thinks that all production slows down and just signed up for a paycheck. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy woman lust-object ever, and the man who drew a surprisingly chaotic VHS cover must have felt the same way, because a beautiful girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in cinema. The difficulty it must be for Mrs. Trotter. However, it is completely gratuitous nudity order to compensate for this, as it is quite hot from the neck down. And finally, there is a memorable scene where Warbeck demolish a helicopter from a moving school bus with a conventional gun! I do not think that even John Rambo can do it while he is Beefcake Vietnam veteran and character Warbeck is a simple TV-reporter.
