Reporter Craig Milford, who works for The James Keller public telecommunications center, there is an interview with a German professor at the University of Florida, who made an unknown substance on the basis of a substance meteor (s). But then a man named Anderson, who is trying to monitor the entire planet with the creature, and the man who killed him and his assistant, professor and plunder being. So Craig and his new female psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can interact not only with man, but with someone else's friend (s) exist, are beginning to find a creature and try to send it in an alien spaceship ... This film is replete with casts and headquarters. For example, he has an actor Warbeck beyond, actress Laura Trotter nightmare city, special visual effects creator Sergio Stivaletti masterpieces of Dario Argento and directed (and story writer), Alberto De Martino HUMAN icy eyes, and KILLER on your phone. And these talented people make incredibly bad movie called, nothing but this GOLEM Miami, which is essentially inconsistent combined film Close Encounters of the Third Kind with E.T.THE prohibitive. This is not only confusing, but-and-full of film there is something worth; genetic engineering with mental research. Thus, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical fault; genetic engineering and psychological research is never consistent. (Oddly enough, this strange childlike combination of genetic engineering and Psychical Research, the lead character, Craig, says it should be the best explanation for short-haired psychic, by Joanna. But, in the end, the entire history of film. There can not imagine kakoe- or of a better explanation) in addition, in this film there is something more ridiculous; his music is problematic. The fact that the composer, who is credited as Robert Marry, provides nothing but oddly insistent Beverly-HILLS-COP-learned music. I do not want to say that this topic Italianised Beverly Hills COP at all especially bad music, but I must say that seems patently clear that music is not suitable for this film as such at all. In fact, simply, who can think of Beverly HILLS COP is compatible with genetic engineering and / or mental health research?
