Serum begins as Eddie (Derek Phillips) are pleased to learn that he was accepted to medical school, to continue the family tradition becomes MD, as his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey), but his joy It may be short-lived, as Eddie had an accident and hit by a car. Taken to the nearest hospital, it does not look good for poor Eddie, so his uncle, Eddie convinces his brother Richard to allow him to keep Eddie serum he developed a serum that gives the recipient the right to cure any injury or illness. Desperate for a boy to live Richard agrees, but the procedure has undesirable side effects, such as turning Eddie brain eating zombies ~ d, which is simply not good ... <br /> <br /> executive producer, written and directed by Steve Frank I'll be absolutely honest yourself and say horrible whey, whey is one of those non-budget horror films, who is trying to rip-off of another arbitrary number one and ends up being a little more fun than your fingernails pulled out mites. a horrible scenario, it has all the Re-Animator (1985) feel to it with the mad scientists who have huge syringes, trying to destroy death, but it's so boring, it's not true, the first forty minutes, no more than really stupid soap opera that is useless to wait for the site while working with Eddie arrived home after spending some time away and to find his ex-girlfriend joined with someone else, the controversy with his step-mother, drunk with his assistant and generally bored stiff audience . Thus, as soon as the boredom of the first forty minutes of the & if you're still watching it it will take twenty minutes to get Eddie again animated and then he kills a few people, the police catch up with him and shot him over. Thank God. Serum is devoid of any of the characteristic that one would associate with a good movie, sucking character, the dialogue poor, it takes itself too seriously, it's boring, it's slow, it's forgotten and given that this is meant to be a film horror has a disturbing lack of blood, blood or horror. Not recommended, did I mention Serum was sad? I thought so. <br /> <br /> Director Franke does nothing to revive this thing, although competent NO style here at all. Gore at any exists, there is little splashed with blood, bite her neck, a pair of scars on the face of the deceased, a few scenes where the needle pierces the skin and that is all. Do not wait for Re-Animator in the gore department, because if you do your going to be very disappointed, just like I was actually. Filmed in what looks like a house, a restaurant and a laboratory film has no diversity, or simply look cheap everywhere. There are several scenes of nudity, but it is nowhere near enough to save him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is not so bad, at least, seems to be relevant cameras were used, I can not comment on the special effects, because they are not, generally speaking serum looks quite professional. Apparently he shot in Texas, whether it is necessary that it should be read literally shot in Texas? Acting sucks, but again I think that they were in fact an actor, not a director's friends or family. <br /> <br /> Serum terrible film, it is boring, slow, boring, no gore and feels like a terrible soap opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why someone would feel the need to watch it when they can see Re-Animator, or one of its sequels again instead, I seriously recommend you give sérum miss. There, I just saved you from having to spend 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
