"Serum" begins with the credits, which are very reminiscent of "Re-Animator" movie, and it owes much to them. The story is very similar; mad doctor develops a serum, in his opinion, will ease the pain, sickness and death, but he apparently does not believe in the clinical trials, and therefore winds with brain eating zombies on his hands in the face of his nephew. Zombies even looks like one of those of the "Re-Animator", and in fact some of the make-up effects in the "Serum" is not bad. Unfortunately, the scenario is quite slow and incredibly in very few places, resulting in a soap opera feel for most of the first 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the Director-General deems it necessary to inform us of the day every few minutes, flashing his big white letters across the screen. I can not understand why this is important, but to attempt to give viewers a sense of the passage of time; sometimes it will not be present otherwise as plot stretches together. <br /> <br /> There are a number of things that just do not add up here. For example, one victim of a club with a sledgehammer, but if we see the victim's head from close range, there is no indication that the injury. In another scene, a character runs all lit hospital corridor (we can see the circles of light on the floor, actually) with a flashlight in his hand, looking at the world as it is in the dark ... but a moment later the second character goes on the same is fully lit corridor without him. These are just a few examples; moments that look the director or editorial sloppiness culture quite often throughout the film. <br /> <br /> «Serum" is better in some ways than many of the things that goes straight to the video as an independent horror in recent years. In terms of technical details ?? sound and pictures, for example ?? he received a more polished look than a lot of that land to a DVD. On the other hand, there is still a lot of wooden steps (in particular, one of the main characters, himself! A mad scientist) and pointless things that have nothing to do with the suspension of disbelief and all that with writing and continuity. Maybe it's the fact that people who are involved in the making of this film will end up getting more experience, nonetheless. One of the problems with low-budget independent horror in recent years is that the filmmakers often sets out to remake the more popular films, which had large budgets, and that almost never works. This is not the case with "serum" in any case.
