Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or hooligans bad film. History is full of fantastic ideas and premises, that anyone who lives in England, was at a football game or know the first thing about football stain immediately. <br /> <br /> My first main pressure Huligany is poor molding of the two protagonists. Do not get me wrong, I like Elijah Wood and have great respect for their work, but in spite of all efforts, he struggled to pull off this role. The main motivation for his character's anger at the system and anger at the betrayal, however, he spends most of the film Placid and hearty, just showing his accumulated aggression in a short scene at the end of the film. This is due to his good looks and physique make him thoroughly unconvincing addition to a gang of football hooligans. At no point during the movie, I was convinced that a) he can handle himself in a fight with these thugs, and b) "company" thugs would take a man into the fold. <br /> <br /> Another main character plays Hannah. Charlie looks the part, and quite convincingly, as a bandit. Unfortunately, being a native of Newcastle upon Tyne in northern England, he showed the worst East London accent since Dick Van Dyke tried to member-en-in in Marry Poppins. Details such as this probably will not bother the American audience to be less attuned to regional dialects in the UK, but being in the UK it was a problem that I could not ignore, and this contributed to ruin the movie for me. The supporting cast all gave compelling performances and was well-cast, especially the role of Bover. The guy plays this character would be much more suitable for the main role played Charlie. With such a film like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters believable, unfortunately, the casting fails. Imagine if you made a movie like The Godfather was Sean Hayes (Jack) with Will and Grace played the role of Michael Corleone. You would not be convinced. History Hooligan also complete in implausibilities. I'm not a football hooligan, but I fantatical football fan. I know, as a closed group of "proper" football fans can be, as such, I think it is entirely impossible for the football fan who is not a supporter of the club in question, not from the area under consideration, and not even the British nationality to be covered "by the company" which equates to a secret organization in some severe cases. My last and biggest problem with this film, as it draws the football hooligans. I take objection to the idea of ​​a film that despite very tough people, bullies are released, they live a certain code of ethics in their own world and should be admired to be brave and loyal to each other. This is complete nonsense. Football hooligans complete bastard. They take in football, the national sport of England, and to use it as a basis for the harassment, intimidation and bullying people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but to give the whole game and the people of this country a bad reputation. They are not courageous or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If the "KIA" in this film really loved the club, West Ham United, why would devote his life to be a blot on his name. Bullies are a challenge for the football and English society. Football hooligans do for the reputation of football that Hitler made the reputation of the Germans. Despite the fact that this film tries to / intend to show the "rough" side of football violence. It does nothing more than promote it as their native justified activities for extreme sports enthusiasts. It does not show the poor innocent-stander at football matches, which have ruined your day some idiot throwing coins / lighters / glass into the crowd. It does not show the innocent at home and property owners, who have to put up with graffiti and broken windows. It does not show the real fans of football clubs who suffer humiliation and embarrassment when their supporters team banned from traveling to away matches or abroad in European games because thugs among them spoil it for everyone. If you want to see a good film about football violence, watch dramas BBC «The Firm».
