As a supporter of science fiction movies, I was aware of the Matrix since its release in 1999. From the little I have allowed people to tell me about it, I assumed that it was a very original and sophisticated. I also devoted Alice in Wonderland. I could never understand how I missed the Matrix, when he was released. In connection with the upcoming release of The Matrix Reloaded, it was time to buy a DVD and watch it. <br /> <br /> The disappointment was too great. The premise of the matrix (the control device, unlike the film) was intelligent. Philosophical Background parallel worlds alternative realities is commonplace. Nevertheless, I still might buy in the film as science fiction when he was firmly in the genre. Unfortunately, it has become a standard, "whether they are or they are not running, break through, to save those who need to be saved, etc." To make matters worse, he was another martial art exercise. The problem is that science fiction and martial arts films is really two different types. In pure form, dedicated to one or other mixing two do not work. It's like a mix of fantasy with romance. You can have one or the other, but not both in the same movie, or at least not in the same degree in the same film. <br /> <br /> If there are problems with the Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded actually worsen the problem. At least thirty minutes of the film were either martial arts or prolonged sequence car chase. (This observation ignores the issue, made in every trade, a negative review of the film: If Neo could do Superman thing, then why fight at all answer, of course, is that this is something that attracts a young, male demographic group in the theater .) Then there is the "redemption through love" aspect. This plot device steamed Richard Wagner over a hundred years ago. It was actually better handled them in Die Gotterdammerung. <br /> <br /> So where does that leave those who have seen The Matrix Reloaded. fans of martial arts, probably groaned through the banal, but a mysterious sci-fi philosophizing. science fiction fans wondered why they were sitting across the kung-fun festival. Most of the men in the audience, where probably bored silly romance aspect of the film <br /> <br /> So what you should get for your bucks when you see The Matrix movie franchise :. Science fiction, martial arts or a soap opera? Little one does not make for much more than any of them, nor to quench the film for every fan of creativity.
