The first Matrix film was magnificent with the development of an incredible character, witty dialogue and scenes that were kept in the stream of history. These elements - a combination of incredible special effects of the day - provided a magical journey that kept you on your toes all the time. Enter the Matrix Reloaded (and its sequel, the revolution). The problem here is not special effects or the fight sequences, some may argue; The brothers took a well-developed characters from the first film, and hollowed out logs of rotten wood. ?? A compound that was first established between the audience and the characters on the screen of the first film is lost when you realize it's not the same characters from the first film, The Matrix. <br /> <br /> That is Morpheus was designed as a charismatic character with a philosophical enlightenment far exceeding anyone else in the film, but here in Reloaded - we presented another Morpheus standing and fierce flames, reduced to the severity of the banal, which is contrary to the character we saw develop in the first film. This character just does not feel the same, and it can also be said about the minor characters in the film. <br /> <br /> Removal «Tank» was also a disappointment. Tank Participation was minimal in the first film, in the best case, but it is very well play a role. In Reloaded, we find that the tank dies after the events of the first film, and he is replaced by Jar Jar Binks understudy who could not act to save his live (think stale box of cornflakes Kellogg). His performance left me laughing everywhere, and most of its spoken dialogue was not enough time. It was an overwhelming feeling that it was either too eager to convey their emotions on the screen or in the delivery scenarios were excluded; In any case, the experience was a humorous! Sometimes I feel embarrassed for an actor .... <br /> <br /> The pious person Even Neo were suspects for most of the combat sequences. Alleys battle with 200 Agent Smith clones was certainly exaggerated. One has to wonder, for a man so gifted as Neo - he even take the time to participate in such a barren, frivolous battle when the more pressing issues of participation (especially considering its ability to fly, or a wicked ability to bend the matrix, of course, Neo reports can clones sent much faster and more efficiently). Again, such actions are amenable script burdened with consistency, and the scene started as a filler to keep us from feeling gypped. As a joke, our expectations are characters created in the first film, are discarded immediately. Unfortunately, for those who expect more of the same - you certainly leave feeling seriously disappointed <br /> <br /> However, if you take Reloaded as a standard, a mediocre action movie, and forget. unbelievable plot inconsistencies and untwining with an already established character development from the first film, you should leave feeling completely satisfied.
