Watchable little semi-soaper, but hardly entertaining. However, two or three funny moments. What strikes me as slippery and morally very questionable McNicol is. It plays a frustrated (foot problem), but it is not only "the ugly duckling", which people avoid, but it is even a cannibal - and we need to experience it! Ah, poor little McNicol, with its concern for the feet ... Poor McNicol ??! She constantly receives passes from men, and even dump them not so much as a blink! In one case, it even has a deliberate one night affair with blonde stud and then she tells the newly found French girlfriend never-chalantly, that it took him a while to get an erection! It makes us viewers wonder why she was so conscious leg when every guy wants to fuck her. Well, almost every guy; the only guy who is really avoiding her after seeing her legs, wrapped in metal working guy on the phone. But otherwise it seems to be doing very well with men! A lot of shyness, not lack of success with men, and she throws them like toys; she threw Carradine funny. Poor little disabled girl ?? I do not think so. Yet we are called to believe that this woman has a big problem of trust; thus, the scene in which it is ready to start playing the flute for a solo concert, and somehow manages to throw a note on the ground with nervousness. Nervousness ?? The rest of the film shows little or nothing that would suggest that it has a problem of trust, so that the flute scene is absurd and does not fit into the overall picture. I was also surprised at how quickly and readily McNicol friendly with a French woman who married guy screwing. On the surface of the film, it would seem to be "sentimental history of the struggle for women mutilated one decision" (or something similar), but there is nothing like that at all; the author clearly shifted between this type of film, and "something screw that moves - it's 80 years," the kind of movie - very confusing <br /> <br /> As for her feet :. it's not like she has a big, fat purple ball growing on her calf. It "only" has a normal appearance of the metal prosthesis is attached to the bottom of her foot, so I really do not understand why the filmmakers are trying to make it seem as if she is a woman of Quasimodo or something, at the beginning of the film. It's not like she has a twin head rising from her neck! Although McNicol hardly big catch. View cutish, but nothing special, pretty average. <br /> <br /> But what the hell does Carradine to play some (relatively) smooth guy flirts with McNicol and her boyfriend? This guy was in the "Revenge of the Nerds!" But I believe it is the same with Carradines in the movie, it is not with Kennedy in politics :. No matter how ugly, unable, or dumb, all doors are open for a career in film and politics, respectively, <br /> <br /> Down with nepotism. <br /> <br /> If you want to read a fictitious biography of Carradines and other Hollywood nepotists and morons, please contact me by e-mail.
