Another double-noir on one disc with Warner Home Video, and by far the best of the two movies amazingly 1950 thriller RKO in "Where danger Loves». This memorable classics with a large cast in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Photographed in dry Black & White by Musuraka was tightly directed by John Farrow. "Where is the danger of life" is a prime example of noir-style pattern-making, and will always be remembered for his stylish skills, which has been in the past, Hollywood - (See my full review) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, neither. higher praise can be applied to the second film on the disc, a bottomless 1949 MGM voltage bitch! Poorly written (Allen Rivkin) and director John Berry this film full of absurd characterizations and improbable situations. Unthinkable relationship between mild-mannered and wimpish pharmacist - quietly played Richard Baseheart - and his wife was a woman (and risible Totter) is floated and unconvincing (how on earth they ever got together in the first place, we can only guess). Then, when it was "not surprising" ditch it for one of her friends (Lloyd Gough) our timid pharmacist, instead of being euphoric and over the moon with his new found fortune, plots revenge and attempts to kill Goff, but at the last moment with chickens, a guy gets killed anyway, and our pharmacist immediately suspect Homicide detective Barry Sullivan (another insipid performance). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the film, you really could not care less, because he is so poorly implemented and has had a funny director Berry. Mr. Berry has not the slightest idea of ​​stimulation and can not enter even a modicum of style thing. There's nothing that he can put in front of the camera, which allows you to nod off! The only voltage, which is contained in the film in an elastic band stretched to the limit and snapped his fingers in Barry Sullivan, as it gives the intro at the opening of the film. So much for that! The most sad effort! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best thing about this turkey is smooth Monochrome large Cinematography Harry Stradling, effective assessment of the young André Prévost and early dramatic appearance in great Cyd Charisse, before she found her dancing shoes. Hey! - maybe she could save a picture if it gave us a few steps and a couple of pirouettes! Yes? <br /> <br /> In its favor however, are a handful of extras that are included, which has trailers, commentaries and featurettes for both films. But the drive is worth it alone for the classic RKO Mitch!
