Robin "Coma" Cook affair has turned into a very successful film in 1978. A few years later it was the turn of another bestseller Robin Cook to get a lot of processing screen, but in the case of "Sphinx" is almost all that can go wrong, will go wrong. This is a terrible adventure film, consisting of a wooden representations, silly dialogue, unconvincing characters and stimulation lead. The only reason why he avoids rating 1-of-10 is that the Egyptian background gives an infinitely more fascinating than the story itself. Hard to believe that Sheffner (from "Patton" and "Planet of the Apes") is the director of this disaster. <br /> <br /> Quite Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on a working holiday in Cairo when she stumbles into the store antiques dealer Abdul Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi friends Eric and impressed with her enthusiasm and knowledge. Thus, he shows her beautiful and extremely rare statue of Pharaoh Seti I, he was secretly keeping in his shop. Needless statues existence causes great excitement in Eric, because it can provide vital clues in the search for long-lost tomb of Seti I in the prize as big as the discovery of Tutankhamen's tomb in 1922 before Hamdi can tell Eric more he brutally murdered in his shop, Eric watch in silent horror as he meets a grisly end. Fearing further tantalised that she saw Eric is trying to find the treasure. She finds help and difficulties in its efforts to various other parties, none of which are truly reliable. On the one hand there is Ivona (Maurice Rhône), seemingly alone, but maybe people with sinister ulterior motives? Then there Khazzan Ahmed (Frank Langella), an Egyptian, whose Erica feels a certain appeal, but which also may be hiding dangerous secrets from her. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with «Sphinx» in general the result of his total disregard for plausibility. Down can not be less convincing as a woman Egyptologist ?? One assumes that it will be sufficiently well educated and resourceful, but she spends the whole movie screaming helplessly as some busty prostitute teen slasher flick. On the rare occasions that it does not really work on the potential of the villain, it makes the other stupid things, such as taking a Polaroid flash photos of 4,000-year-old tomb! The plot twists heavy hand, to put it mildly, mainly consisting of the discoveries and double crosses, which can be predicted in advance. No one can even try to enjoy the film at an obtuse, but addictive action fare because ECS terribly sluggish. What little action separated prolonged boredom can be found. Famous movie review said: «Sphinx stinks" Never before 2:00 the film was so well summed up in 2 words!.
