This film has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the name just a crook. The story concerns an imaginary true and hidden tombs in the Valley of the Kings, King Seti I, second Pharaoh of Dynasty 19, the New Kingdom period. This is not a bad yarn, and much of the film shot on the spot. Even the scenes in the foyer of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor really have been shot there, rather than in the studio. The second block of material is endless, and they had to produce in Egypt for several weeks. Frank Langella is very good indeed, as a complex Egyptian. He should accept it as a sideline. The film is essentially destroyed by one of the most annoying actresses in the world, Lesley-Anne Down, who plays a leading role. She spends the whole movie wondering what she looks like, her blue eyes are breaking the light at a right angle, to do everything Fellas lust, etc. Having started life as a model at the age of ten years, that hope can there be for her? It embodies all the most disgusting about female vanity and meaninglessness of the near. And to think that this film was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an Oscar for "Patton"! It allows a terrible actress whimper and simper through the film, hysterical one moment, flirting the other, in the form of Hurricane idiocy as it winds from one person to another, or to scream or make bedroom eyes, it does not matter. It should be a young Egyptologist. But it has never been in Egypt before! She takes a taxi to Giza and catch her first glimpse of Pyramids, gushes in ecstasy: "But they are so BIG !!!!» Barf! OK, so it was a script, but it takes too easy to banality, giving the impression that it is a natural element, which I do not doubt for a minute. Elements of this story sound. There is, indeed, a serious problem of black market antiquities there. True! Well done! Robin Cook novel, which I have not seen, may be good, as far as I know. It was interesting to see the name of Cyril roll like the sound technician in the film, as I knew him very well for a long time. Stanley Kubrick's stepdaughter Katharina described as "draftsman". I wonder what that means? Maybe she did a lot of work. Anyway, of antiquity in the film is quite good, actually. And we see a lot of the Cairo Museum and many picturesque places. In fact, they go inside the tomb of King Tut! I do not think that will be allowed to film today. Many unsuitable scenes take place in mosques. It will not go down well today, but in 1981 things were not included in the agenda. Music for the film is absolutely horrible, worse than Lesley-Anne Down in fact! But there were elements of the sound track, which was surprising indeed, one of which is a cacophony of traffic noise of Cairo, which is accurately rendered in the background, and would have made anyone who knows Cairo laugh nervously. In addition, the loudspeaker calls to prayer have all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why do not they get it right? This could be good.
