I agree with most of the comments I've seen written. I grew up watching Sesame Street in front of a lot of people who have written comments were even born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5-YRS prescription if Sesame Street was introduced in television. Shaw taught me my numbers (Count), spelling (Mappaet), and the life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster), and do not quite understand why they had to change. I understand that things must change, in a way, but to make the Cookie Monster in "vegetarian monster" to promote healthy eating. The show introduced new characters and monsters, since its creation, then why not make a separate "vegan monster" that talks / discuss the benefits of eating a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But back to my question. I grew up watching in the early Sesame Street, my now 20 years old, the daughter grew up watching SS with me along the side of it, and we were discussing Hooper dies, although he died before she was born, as well as other topics on the show. I saw this episode as an older child, and I still remember how well they portrayed events as real life. And I'm sure that he was in the cast is extremely difficult, as all the death and loss of family effect. You've seen it on the show, and it has allowed parents and children to discuss the very complex events. Shaw talked about traditional families, foster families and families combined. This is one of the few shows that actually discusses these scenarios. Now I have a 5 yr old daughter who does not really watch SS. I tried to watch the show a couple of times, but it really is not what it used to. Elmo 1/2 h g noodle completely ridiculous. Like many other people are saying, that teaches nothing. It is targeted at less than 18 months (may be), and it's not even funny. I have always been proud to watch the SS, as a child, adolescent, adult, and with my own child. Now my second carousel, I was a really hard time watching SS. Topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, in the new districts, departing were associated with children and adults in a manner that is easy for 2-99 years to understand and relate to. Now there are no concepts taught, the minimum count, only occasional mention of the alphabet. This is not the same as SS, the original observer of the show. Please, if any manufacturer to show to read these comments, his return to the show ground. New concepts have never had a problem with the SS, they are just used to be the best way to incorporate them into the show.
