If you want to see a film that blends eerie one Latin country from any other country in Latin, "Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru, even in the most turbulent times, showed no policies or soldiers, as much as in this film. It showed a country like El Salvador, when the civil war. After all, I Peruvian living in Lima (capital of Peru), it was too funny for me to see the police guard here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru and you want (or need) to be a taxi driver, just place a sticker with the inscription "Taxi" on the windshield of your car, and you can travel freely on the streets of Peru (up there with ' They are taxi companies, but their rates are quite expensive). There is no need in yellow or black / white square no stripes on your car doors. Well, a taxi in this film is that the group, something that you will never see in Peru. 3. The Peruvian people Caribbean clothes styling. For example, if the taxi driver comes out, he was dressed in «Guayabera» (Cuban shirt), a white hat, and a 40-mustache like Clark Gable. Not one Peruvian man looks like, please! Perú not Caribbeans! 4. The scene shows a woman on the street with a rather long skirt, as typical folkloric dress in Latin America. Take a stroll somewhere in Peru, and you will never see a woman wear so if you do not look typical dance. 5. The roles might be better: I can not deny, Elizondo is a great actor, but he is not a Latin actor (his father was a Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York City) and it does not speak Spanish . This is the infamous Spanish is not his first language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could run as Cardinal Sebastian. Petrus Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a bad choice for "police officer of Latin." It was so funny to see Elizondo and Petronius in the office of General Rodriguez. They looked like two British or American students in a Spanish class, making their best efforts to speak Spanish. Unsuccessfully, of course. Castulo Guerra was in his best Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer who declared Cardinal Sebastian, spoke Spanish pretty funny too. There are very good Peruvian actors, as Augustus Alvarez-Calderon and Christian Meier (just to mention two of the many Peruvian actors), which could in the version with high quality. 6. I admit, that the fictional film can afford licensed by inventing the city, or even country. But please, if you create name, be careful when using a foreign language: The city portrayed in this film was to be called "Vincent" rather than «Viciente». Vincent is a male name, and Viciente has never been used. 7. I do not agree one user who said that the film was shot on location in Peru. Not one Peruvian accommodation, although the production is used in excess with posters «Inca Kola», Peruvian sodas. As not a few American films, this one had to use any of the Latin countries. In the end, for US producers or directors, Latin place identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scene, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Peru, he is scheduled to arrive in only one international airport in Peru: Jorge Chavez Airport (in Lima, the capital). In fact, believe me, it should be of any airport in the world, but the Peruvian airport. And, of course, in the Peruvian airports are no military or police guards. 9. When John takes a room in the Peruvian hotel, it has a fan and obviously has no air conditioning. Please, this is not happening in any hotel in Peru (and other Latin countries), unless you get a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels, who are fighting against the government are ... ¡Colombians! Their emphasis has been, without doubt, from Colombia. Casting their producers have hired a Peruvian actor. In a few words, it would be cheaper to shoot in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could have a lot of examples of this film, which led me to give him a "1" (terrible) voice, but I fell asleep after about 20 minutes after the start. But expensive producer: This is not a tragedy: There are a lot worse movies with not a few mistakes. Only let us remember, "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and indescribable Disney's "new groove The Emperor." List of bad movies can be endless ...
