The film gives a fairly condensed version of what is contained in the book, which, as far as I'm concerned, doing some research and investigation verification of the facts is very much a work of art. In fact, there is no ancient scrolls, and if the author was in trouble, I'm sure he would have had to admit that he had never laid eyes on any of the scrolls in the ancient Aramaic language, found in Peru. These "securities" texts written, as usual, anonymous, were destroyed by the evil "contempt of truth" in the Church and in local government. It is quite strange, since all kinds of New Age crap coming out every year --- hundreds of books, dozens of films - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to me to be obsessed with destroying the movement, which it probably views as I am in total crock with Dudi. I am not a supporter of the church, mind you, but, at least, the ancient texts which they base their faith on the present. <br /> <br /> This is a typical example of scams and religious traders claim to have seen or translated ancient documents, which, unfortunately, got destroyed "evil" people, or in the case of Joseph Smith, were brought back to Heaven when transferred. Thus, the actual texts can not be found in any of the museums like the Smithsonian, no translations are checked by experts in ancient languages ​​like Coptic and Aramaic. This is a scam. In some ways, I admire anyone clever enough to come up with a great idea and make millions from it, but I could not do it myself, because I have not the slightest desire to enter into the public astray with many new Haggai scam. <, Br /> <br /> Sometimes the real ancient text really becomes hidden away and lost for many years. The Gospel of Judas, a Gnostic text was found and after subsidies, and a careful study of the text, considered the real experts. The Gospel of Judas was cited as heretical about 300 CE many church documents since not mention any Celestine Prophecy as real, heretical or anything else <br /> <br /> We are evolving to something - What .. true- --but much optimism Celestine Prophecy is based on nothing more than fiction and falsehood, and philosophy, built on a foundation of lies, like a castle built on sand collapses. Harsh, ugly, overcrowded, violent world of the blade is more likely that it will be like over the horizon than some utopian hippie commune where all is love and peace! I tell people the truth, and they hate me, but to tell them what they want to hear, even if the net chatter, and one can make millions. Celestine Prophecy is what the world wants to hear. It is a pity that this is a castle built on sand. Do not get me wrong. I want God, Celestine vision was a reality, but it is not. Many ancient philosophy at all times expressed the ideas presented in Insights with the modern concept of spiritual evolution goes hand in hand with biological evolution. These new ideas Haggai did not exist in the ancient world did not exist before Darwininan Evolution has become well known. This means that the ideas in the Celestine Prophecy can not be older than C.E 1800s, and did not go back to the early period B.C.E or about the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of claim is not quite New Age unusual. Wiccans claim their brand of magic and sorcery - "old religion" goes back to the Stone Age, when in reality there are no shadows of books has never been known to exist up to Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 1900s and was a friend of Aleister Crowley <Br. /> <br /> New Age gurus lie and claim that their ideas are based on the ancient teachings, when the ancient to thumb their noses at such absurdities that gurus preached today. Why do they do what they do, make this a scam? simple: there are millions of dollars to be made, and the present-day th Guru acquires power over his or her followers. They fiercely compete and have a strong hatred for them the competition, despite their claim of love for all things. Each group of New Age bitter that opposes the other. It is a battle for your mind and your wallet. <br /> <br /> But know one thing from me, that is really similar to the one of the ideas, learn to follow their own instincts and to seek guidance from the inside. I can agree with the heart.
