Even thought I was not the biggest fans of Cher, this film was her crowning glory. Certainly, there were long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (and) mental retardation from screening of such film. In 1989, a poll of supporters Moonstruck on Advocacy Network UK has shown that one-third of the 300 respondents Moonstruck supporters believed, Moonstruck hurt them and an amazing 80% said that it is irreparably destroyed their minds. <br /> <br /> Cher plays someone very not-Cher in the movie, tasteless young widow named Loretta lives in New York with his family. They are anti-American, on the Italian and always alone somehow. It continues with Johnny Camarary for a while, the boy's mother a good person, and he asks her to marry him. She says yes. I loved the question of her mother: "Do you love him Loretta?" "No." "Well, if you love it, it will drive you crazy, because they know that they can, but you love him, then. .? "" Oh, yes, he's a lovely person Ma. " If John goes to Sicily to take care of his dying mother, he asks Loretta contact with his brother, he was estranged from for years. <br /> <br /> This victory for human rights has even greater significance, as Sicily was the birthplace of electric shock therapy. In 1938, an Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti saw slaughterhouse workers using electroshock devices to cause seizures in pigs, making it easier to work by cutting their throats. Cerletti was inspired, and began experimenting with electroshock on people, developing the first machine of electric shock. Broken bones and a fractured vertebra that resulted from convulsions, seemed a little worried. <br /> <br /> This, in many ways, an anti-American film. We are talking about love, to be sure, but it's also about infidelity, secrets, single people, and strange behavior caused by US policies. Characters from frumpy BoBo at your favorite restaurant, aunt and uncle, her parents and their problems, the old grandfather and his dogs are all well developed and the internal symbols. This is somewhat of a chicken Flicka, as it is Loretta cease to be insipid stuffed shirts and awakens flower Inner vamp. This is the story of Cinderella, in many ways, and this is the dream of every little girl get out of an ugly duckling into a beautiful swan ... <br /> <br /> Assuming free and informed consent, it is good to confirm the person's right to pursue happiness as a result of brain damage, if he or she so chooses. But we might ask ourselves whether we really like the movie lovers, though by no means all sworn the Hippocratic oath should offer it.
