Disney has now made directly to video sequel to a good bunch of its many animated films. Two of them were made for their 1991 classic "Beauty and the Beast." Well, these are actually not a sequel, as they are both set between the events of the first film. The first of these two straight-to-video films were "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which does not seem like a lot of fans of its predecessor, the theater, but I think that would normally be expected with sequels. Nevertheless, it is the second one, "Belle Magical World" is definitely inferior. <br /> <br /> In the film, three novels, all of which take place while Belle is located in the castle, and place under the spell of the sorceress. The first "Perfect Word", where a misunderstanding at the table between Belle and the Beast does not lead to trouble, and neither wants to be the first to apologize. The following story "nonsense Fifi", where the fifth anniversary of Fifi and Lumiere goes up, and Lumiere are not ready, so Belle helps him. However, Fifi see Lumiere practicing an affair with a beautiful woman, and thinks that they are really in love. The film ends with the "broken wing". In this story, Belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but the bird in the castle probably means trouble when the animal learns how he hated bird! <br /> <br /> I gave a description of the plot for the original version VHS third Disney "Beauty and the Beast" movie. Apparently, in the version of DVD, there is another added a story entitled "The Party of Mrs. Potts in", but I've only seen the original version. However, since I doubt that one story will stand as a classic over the other, I do not see no point in watching a special edition. Anyway, the first thing I will talk about "Belle Magical world" is that the animation is very 2-dimensional compared to what we are used to from Disney, which is obviously disappointing . a lot of people I do not like "Beauty and the beast: The Enchanted Christmas" that much, but you are, of course, Mr. I can say the same about his animation. I'm sure the stories in the "Wizarding World of Beli" can entertain a lot of children (mostly young, I think), and each story has a moral, so that they could also teach them valuable lessons. nevertheless, for adults, the film is really not a lot. I personally did not find the good humor in it, found that the constant conflict between Belle and the Beast was tiring, and history did not impress me too much at all anyway (they're not very good written). In «The Perfect Word," Bella says the Beast, "You're being rude and stupid ...!" A little cheesy, and I think there are a lot of other cheesy moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> By the time directly to video movie first came out, I was eleven or twelve years old, I do not know what I would have thought about it at that time, I lost interest in Disney then, and it it would be years before I would get any of this interest back. Even if the film was first released, I think I was a little past the age group it was aimed at. I've never seen "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" until a couple of months ago, but unlike this film, I had never even heard of this one until recently, I think that only after seeing the first sequel to Disney's 1991 hit. Well, how much I like the original theater, I would not be missing much if I had not become aware of the existence of this film. For young children, I'm sure "The Magical World Belle" can be very interesting, and perhaps more enlightening his morals, but I do not recommend it for adult Disney fans.
