That's right! Under 9 on average, but maybe under 12s for some others! I was 11 when I originally saw it on video and in such a youth, I was not able to notice a bad cartoon quality or the fact that these classic characters, we are all adults love is not the same or see well. Almost all of the so-2D here! Belle, I agree, not even good, but just a plain woman with toned skin, she is wearing the same bright blue dress all the way with more than a glamorous dress on, Wardrobe, to say the least, annoying - my ears can bleed when I I had to listen to it every day! Lumiere, both in the original and the Christmas edition was courteous and elegant, but here it is fornication, unfunny idiot! Cogsworth, even though no-nonsense housekeeper he is known, full of sh-t and the most insufferable character, I'd say! He always seems to find that closing the intolerable bars circular hole it is very difficult in this, and whose dial really should have been used to turn on during a memorable two films in this series! Poor, poor Mrs. Potts has not been put into practice Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actresses), but Ann Rogers, which is not captured or the nature of Mrs. Pott, no offense to her! No, she did her best! If the beast growls, it sounds so terribly false to clear without additional roars, growls or snarls microphone. I understand that this is only the third feature following the other two films, yes, of course, it would not be so good, but I'm sure that more contributions would not hurt the artists of Disney, which, indeed, have such a wonderful style of animation over the years . That's good, I think, and I watch it sometimes, but only when it suits me. It's quite difficult to make a recommendation for you to read it, because it depends on how old you are, but remember that this is not exactly what you can expect following the previous exciting movie! And to think that on my video of this text on the back cover said "boasts brilliant animation!" This is a good little film, but on the one hand, it is also very poor and, secondly, these three words should have been saved for later re-release of the original!
