Spoiler: There are some minor spoilers in this review. Do not read further the first paragraph, if you want to see the film. <br /> <br /> Disney Channel currently has a policy to make a bunch of movies and show a month on cable channel. Most of them are mediocre and uniformity, with some good elements, but still disappointing ( `Phantom of the Megaplex,« `half-sister with Weird Planet," "Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century"). Every once in a great while, they are doing something very, very big ( `Genius,« 'The Other Me »). But once in a while Disney Channel makes a huge mistake, and gives us a real bitch. This month (December 2000) Disney Channel showed `The Ultimate Christmas Present", which I thought was terrible because of bad writing and worse acting. Apparently, `Brainiacs.com» was delivered a few days before Christmas to get a jump on the holiday, because the plot has to do with toys. They even paid for the functions of the TV guide, so I thought it must be better than the norm. I was in a full shock. Only `patterns of behavior Disney" was worse than that. <br /> <br /> The plot was more far-fetched than usual. I usually this slide, but then it just goes too far. Matthew Tyler becomes very ill of his widowed father spent most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory, who took out large loans on scrupulous bank to stay afloat. Again and again, his father should miss out on the plans, which he does with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he could spend time with his father, when he becomes the boss and tells him to stay home. He gets loud hair ideas to create a website where the child around the world can find and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that comes up with his sister. This whole concept of complete error. When children are sent to millions of dollars, Matthew opens a bank account of their own company and bought a majority stake in his father's business. He is the secret boss, but he does not show it is his father, but instead presents itself at the meetings of the Board of Directors as a cartoon image of a computer. This is the image itself is so complex (and funny), it is not possible for someone to create it at home, much less who comes across as stupid as Matthew. To make a long section short, Matthew orders his father to spend more time having fun and doing things with their children, but a federal agent shows up inquiring about Matthew company as fraudulent. <br /> <br /> There's so much wrong here. As mentioned above, the material that they are doing it is impossible even for the real geniuses, that these children are not. The site, a cartoon image, computer chip, even the stuff they teach in school, too good for these children. Actions for the most part the actors, especially the Kevin Kilner, it's terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the evil owner of the bank, but part of it is idle. He has one good scene with Alexandra Paul (which shows that it has the capacity to act), in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. And Rich Little is lost in a small role as a judge. There's even a little offensive and uncalled for anti-Russian jokes. But the biggest atrocities were brutally murdered threads. These themes are in many Disney Channel movies, but never before the ultra-conservative messages were crushed so badly. Typical `exhaustion parents really pushed the idea, and after delivery of the obscene in` The Ultimate Christmas Present," to see him again spoil my mood. Family relations are very important, but Disney has to stop this endless preaching, because the work is essential to maintain a workable family, too. to cancel the event due to the addition, the father did not come across as a bad thing, but I found it insulting when the grandmother told him, 'I do not like what I see. Just as it is bad Eid sermon and that all single parents have to get married if they want to raise their children properly. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, while important to the plot, there is only be a love interest to his father. It stink just proves Disney that the brain does not have the brains to avoid scraping the bottom of the barrel Disney script. Instead of letting this film to teach their kids how to commit serious fraud, wait for the next movie Disney Channel. It should be better than this. Zantara Cost: 1 of 10.
