Definitely not. Resounding NO. This film is an absolute ragged. <br /> <br /> When my friend recommended very much in "this kind of thing," I watched this film with a certain expectation of being informed, changed, moved, modified, exalted, and every other positive mystical things that could would happen to me if I suddenly see the truth. Now this may sound like someone who is already inclined to poo-pooing personal affair with the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical limits of existence. Believe me, I am not such a person. I try to be open about any presentation, and then take appropriate action. <br /> <br /> In terms of content, the only thing I found a little interesting and informative, it was a bit of peptides, emotions, drug and cell receptors. This was the only member of the "Unity" I could find in the documentary part of the film. The rest of the documentary did not wander around several themes and never seemed to unify and engage, try to connect and sign in point. And all that stuff about the Native Americans are not able to see the ships that Columbus came? Who said "power" in this film, it was what happened in 1492? Where are they? If they compared it with the scientific work carried out in the visual cognition (the famous gorilla video, for example, visit the Visual Cognition Lab at the University of Illinois website) may have been more convincing point made. Here, however, it seemed that the unsupported mystical fetish <br /> <br /> In the film :. This is not a movie, it was two. I found that the documentary part of the moderately interesting, just to hear people talking about what they were saying (I was annoyed by the fact that their powers were not represented at the bottom of the screen when they said, at least initially! ) But I found a "history" of the film with Matlin it annoying, inconsistent, intrusive, not related to each other and completely stupid. It's a bit of a Polish wedding with this dance was not in the least funny. It was ridiculous, absurd babble, and stupid. And I found the use of the word "Pollack" offensive. It just seemed so out of place and wrong. Whether such use is in order, because a member of the group uses a derogatory term for a group because he or she is a member of the group? It may be good to make a point, but it does not seem to be used in such a way here. And in any case, I do not care what the reason, it hurt me, a Pole. I never call myself or link to my ethnicity as "Pollack." And I certainly do not like it, like it when others do it. Can I watch or listen to a fanatical conversation in which the term is used? You bet! But again, this does not seem to be in this case. It just seemed so out of place. Unprovocked, avid. <br /> <br /> The acting was terrible. Elaine Hendrix's performance was absolutely incredible. At times it seemed that she was just reading her lines, which have only been given to her. Marlee Matlin for the most part, seemed to sleep, to go through the whole thing. Perhaps she was confused material. I know that I was. When she was supposed to be drawing up disappointed narcotic Malcontent anxiety-prone, it just did not seem to click. But today, the world's worst Hendrix! In general, I found it inconsistent, poorly acted conversation piece.
