It seems that the creators of this film had a problem deciding what their message really was. Thus, they would have even more trouble delivering it. They started poorly describes the principles of quantum physics, which are associated with subatomic particles. Setting an inaccurate picture of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, they presented a barrage of talking heads who built the case ridiculous logic implying that every living person is a legal entity, which should be in the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about the ideas on which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins did his career: positive thinking, breaking bad patterns, always look on the bright side, etc. Then came a little bit about how our brains can change our bodies through the production of proteins: the hormones that we have more or less decided to create. If you get bored, you will create a sad proteins. If you are happy, you will be happy to create proteins. It's just that simple, is not it? Intertwined with our lessons, we follow the fictitious life of Amanda, a photographer who jumps antidepressants and hates her thighs. The filmmakers are slowly but surely trying to get all of us to say, "Hey, Amanda, just cheer up!" Why can not lift your mood? Obviously, this is because the world is a bad place, where there is crime and poverty, and religion, that's why. The conclusion of the film (which is basically the entire second half) has brought a flurry of controversy. We are all part of the whole energy, where we are not creatures, but the collective consciousness, but people who can change the world, but there are a lot of all of us because of all different sizes, but we can choose who we are, and we I have a goal to do well, but there is no god, because there is nothing better than ours, so there is no such thing as right and wrong, so there is no such thing as a reward or punishment, so that no good ever came of religion, but we still have to do good in any case, despite the fact that there are so one thing as good and bad, because there is no one to decide what it is, the fact that each of us can make life good when we meditate, in addition, then the crime is stopped and if we say nice things our water will freeze in a nice form. Still with me? Good, because there's more. According to Robert L. Park, in his book «Voodoo Science», the whole meditation experiment put on John Hagelin in Washington, DC, was a farce, the rooms have been tampered with, and the murder rate was higher than in the same year, any year before or after, what about your positive attitude to keep you young and healthy? This message, delivered an elderly man, who looked his age, and a woman who was overweight. <br /> <br /> So, all this makes the job or not? I was lucky enough to watch a movie in the cinema, where Betsy Chasse, one of the three directors of the film (yes, three) answered the questions after the show. I call myself lucky because I had a first-hand confirmation that these people do not know what they are saying. Some of the questions asked by members of the audience were her so deadlocked that her husband, chiropractor, had to step in and read the answer. In the end I had to leave when the discussion inevitably turned political, and everything, including Ms. chassis, began to speculate about how the world would be great, if only President Bush could see this film.
