It was a crappy movie with Whole Lotta nya-sense and too many loose ends-count. I just watched this movie, because it's one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a cameo in it, and I continued to watch because as a girl, I love any movie that includes male nudity to change. Later, I wondered how much more funny story could get, and every time he got the ... more ... funny. <br /> <br /> Sean Crowley (look good Chris L. McKenna, whom I had never seen before - but he loved his little nude scene) makes ends meet as an artist when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt with "Hurray!"). Thinking that he gets more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet the contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, playing the stereotypical evil man). Ray City Hall investigated accountant (Ron Livingston in a cameo that I was in love with "Office Space" to "the Sex & the City"). Ray eventually offering apparently desperate-for- $ 13k CASH Sean kill an accountant, and Shawn takes work. Shawn sneaks up to an accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer), he finds himself attracted to, to finish the attack, and the leaves - taking information file against Ray with him. Sean soon learns that he used that Ray was never going to pay him, and Shawn uses the file as a lever to get your money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point, this descent Flick ... usually worth watching. But as soon as Ray, Duke and crew steal Sean muscle file information from it, he just got dumber and dumber (and Dumber ...), until finally, it did not seem that the author of the film, Charlie Higson, broke with a 10-day letter hangover, and realized that he needed desperately to figure out how to wrap a series of improbable canteens, which he created to date or something. Without a film detail, let's just say that in every single scene you see after the kidnapping, you are short of breath, "what ** K!,» Confused nonsense continues as Sean is quite graphic and gross path with respect to maturity . In the end, many of the loose ends left in the film, that you begin to regret that you even watched it. <br /> <br /> This is a film that you should only look after it enters the cable and you need to have a sufficient amount of beer and friends around to make fun of the film to its usefulness. He must be a psychological thriller, and McKenna decent actor, but it is difficult to give himself in a movie, if you have a "normal" from "Cheers" and his brother Baldwin does the dirty work, and the strategy of kidnapping, which actually makes NO damn sense. Guys like violence, blood and guts scenes, and totally unnecessary sex scenes and the graven image shots. Girls will enjoy gratuitous crotch shot handsome Sean mainly film, when it is almost always the girls who get truncated in the movie. Personally, I hate that the only actor worth watching more than his appearance (Ron Livingston) only in the first third of the film.
