Oh, how we miss here; the film is so bad that your mind will be interesting to move away to other things, as it is wasting its time with brain numbingly poor production values; the nature of stereotypes and the worst kind of racist, as D.W. Griffith called the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as the "yellow man"; characters and unimaginative nya-participation, it is difficult to observe, as the story, which stretches forward in a slow, stupid and senseless pace that you will question those people who say they like this movie. <br /> <br /> Priogo family honor is a movie that ends up being a postmodern absolute disaster in every direction possible. The film is a messy and meaningless catastrophe, which has director John Huston; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson watched as everyone else filling in the blanks as no stupid stereotypes or secondary characters, who are crying on the phone, and again now, or to argue with the main character. Prizzi's Honor is a film that falls into the genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and common crime ?? This twin with its director and plaster should be enough to propel it through some kind of story; what sequence of good scenes; a kind of intelligence in the form of a script or something else, but not ?? what we get bad and ugly film revolves around nothing. <br /> <br /> I will give a few examples of how crappy this horror show of the film really is. First, the film considers that this love story and thinks that it is about an hour of their time: in my time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is a killer who kills people for a family, that he was working in New York, and yet it is similar to his character from One Flew Over the Cuckoo's more than international hit-man. He meets and falls in love with Walker (Turner) Irene, which is another killer, and they are arranged, but a poor excuse for the scene plays out, it turns out it is not so. I read that the plot of this movie is: "professional killer and hit a woman fall in love, only to discover that they each had been hired to kill the other," Well, yes, it's true, but that the actual opening will not happen until about twenty. minutes to go! Nicholson plays Partanna someone IQ of 60: he walks around; seemingly making observations and speak out about what he sees; he says he either drunk or has a serious problem from the inside and worst of all, we will never get the feeling that he is a killer ?? One really bad shot early in the murder (as is actually happening behind the scenes) is not enough to assume that this guy is able to work hard, the best of the best international hit-man. <br /> <br /> Thus, the protagonist who is a non-sympathetic and unnatural, and we are moving to a scenario. The first hour and a half just cinematic dead zone that ever to offer signs of life just a poor convention: Partanna slouch around on the phone or in person asking the same thing over and over again: "Should I marry her? ; Or I love her What is love What to do? ? "And it gets so repetitive, that is not even in a position to act as a good sense of humor It is twinned with the way he always seemed to be on the phone to someone. Girl named Maerose family Prizzi (Huston) plays the daughter of director John ; served absolutely no purpose to the story at all, and seemed to be there for a laugh, as it was the scene in which she tells her father about how she slept with Partanna and loved it ?? that made me wonder if this was supposed to be funny ? I laugh? The film felt smart mafia picture should that with its opening wedding scene at (ALA The Godfather) and the next scene with a touch of noir, the bandits, the police men and murderers were introduced in the film. But the fact that we have something very, very different <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around a steal . story right, love and romance are considered ?? maybe the film will kick-start I was so very badly:. with a large number of characters are constantly talking very slowly and very deliberately monotonous way, we steals the scene with a guy goes out of his cabinet: this scene sums up the film VVER . All short-planned and then executed in a heavy-handed and blunt way that just makes it look cheesy. We do not get to see them come to some dramatic music; perhaps they have to go through security to get to the elevator; maybe they should be careful of civilians when they hide in places of their choice, and if a random woman gets out of the elevator and gunshot happening ?? scene is not even edited correctly. Some unknown, some dramas:?. "Should I shoot or not I"; Maybe some slow motion, like a character must quickly draw, before it is too late ?? nothing, but as it was actually carried Honor Priaya family continues his uniform and uninteresting in a decent cinematic oblivion, as it nears its climax is a film where the camera reflected in the windows;. fire reflected in the side of the car and "dead" drivers blink when poked Honor Priaya family. It is mixed and dirty film m, which will try to patients of any film-salable and not to say that it was a comedy, because I did not laugh with him ?? He has one more question film is repeated, drawn and colorless in its vision and scope of originality. - no honor here.
