After watching the North PROPOSALS I am still convinced that the first decent movie about (teenage) witches still needs to be done. I do not think a lot of the craft, and I'm not in a CHARMED. The only movie that I'm more or less like (about the Teenage Witch) was the witch LITTLE (1996), and even that one is not very good. But change is that if you liked all of the above movies, you'll enjoy every midnight proposals. <br /> <br /> I was expecting that stupid and cheesy early 80s film about teenage witches in high school. But I was very surprised that this whole film plays it pretty seriously. Acting properly and seriously all the time. A lot of jokes not to play a teenager or something. A musical accompaniment, at first, I thought it was pretty good. He added some scariness, as well as something "cool" using threatening violins and all. But as the movie progressed, I came to the conclusion that the assessment was too ambitious. They should not have to add these threatening violins when you just see who backed up the car, and then drive off at normal speed. <br /> <br /> then there's Melissa Sue Anderson, who was the main reason for me to see this movie. a few weeks ago, I saw her happy birthday to me quite pleasant, with a thick Plotted (and in some cases Goofy x) slasher-movie that she made in the same year as MIDNIGHT gifts And I must say that she was very beautiful, with an ice bad witch Vivian But the main problem of the film:.. almost nothing happens Vivian causes death and miserable! case, yes, but that's it. Then there's Robin, good witch, which is simply to learn about their abilities. And we expect the two of them, using his powers more than once, but only in one case, they use their powers to make a few pieces of wood and other things that fly in the county ry as projectiles. This was supposed to be a struggle between two powerful witches? And worse, I was hoping to see an exciting show-down between the witches at the end of the film, at least in some special effects, fiery eyes, or any other ... but nothing happens. There is a kind of confrontation in the end, but it's a big disappointment. <br /> <br /> Thus, the actions of the two witches was good. The musical score was decent (though overly ambitious). And the cinema was quite dark and gloomy at times. But it does not make a good movie yet, is not it?
