There is nothing original about this story of corrupt unions on the one hand, and "lead counsel" on the other. Severe, but prosaic lighting and photography come from fagged out noir cycle. History can be easily from Warner Brothers box with George Raft in the lead. Views are conventional, flat direction, and even put on a lot of superficial. (Alley shows a plaster wall simulated brick. It has a poster on it. The poster says, "the message Bills»). We learned about the history and some of the characters in a remarkable storyteller, reported that, while the majority of trade unions and work honestly to promote the causes of its members, some of them are damaged. But we did not get to know much about unions or how they work, but I believe that they were fair game after the success of "On the waterfront" a few years ago. Here are just a peg to hang a story on. The leader of the real ring is a lawyer who is deprived of the right to work things through three or four thugs. District Attorney (or whatever it is) is figuring out how Dana Andrews did in "Boomerang" that man (Dick Foran) is accused of murder, and he spends the rest of the movie almost single-handedly, unearthing evidence Foran-x innocence. He gets into fist fights and shoot-outs, as any low-cost private detective film. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is a DA He showed some secret manifestation of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of his time talking quietly and looking out into the field. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a pretty Ram, but can not make a good drunk. Beverley Garland okay, but undermined the direction that has its staring at a nightclub, where she is to be secretive. The rest of the cast is the best choice for the series. <br /> <br /> And no one helps in writing. If the «B Girl" is going to be shipped to the union crowd Filippines, someone tells her that she has only learn a few words of Spanish. "I know only one word," she says, «Si. Yes. "The authors do not trust the audience to know that" si "in Spanish means" yes. " The plot is clumsy and has a hole in it. Kate visited the witness in his apartment above a nightclub. He walks in the door and have a gun shoved him in the back with the help of an attacker, but he outwits heavy and knocks him. Then orders someone to call the police. The rest of the scenes played out in several lengths in a nightclub downstairs, forget about the police, and they never are, and they do not expect one. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to be ashamed of, and some people might enjoy it, but there is one that has been better done elsewhere.
