Group of hunters to hunt down werewolf kill, behead him, and then sell the head unethical Dr. Atwill (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan), who works in a private clinic, which specializes in corneal transplantation. Research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when the acid flew into his face during laboratory explosion is unfortunate recipient of eyeballs werewolf. It takes a while to get to the first full moon, so at first we get a tender love story between the rich and compassionate, big breasted nurse Sondra Ga (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so responsive that it rips off her clothes and starts riding Rich in bed, before he even has a chance to remove the bandages! After a month in the hospital, Rich returns home to ice his wife Rita (Deborah Huber), who immediately said to him, "You look very ugly" before speeding from her Kia. Our hero soon discovers that Rita is not only females, but adulterous skank, who carried on his alleged affair with another Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises, and Rich finds himself in a difficult position hairy when it turns into a (very silly looking) werewolf creature. Predictable massacre worth. <br /> <br /> After tearing the throat of Craig beach, Rich wakes up in the brush the next morning with his clothes torn and troubled memories of the events of the evening. He is friends with the dwarf psychic / occult expert Androsov (Kurt Levi) and harassed as a local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and lesbian police detective-in-the-pants-suit Justine Evers ( Tarri Markel). If Rich confronts Dr. Atwill, the doctor sends his sadistic henchman bald Kass (Eric Mestressat), which enjoys the separation of corpses with a machete in the clinic afterwards. With Sondra Rich manages to escape. Sondra takes him back to his seat and basically rapes him on the couch during the sex scene is too long, which takes about five minutes. Will Rich to be able to control his lycanthropy, or to find a cure for him, before he argues that more victims? <br /> <br /> on the cheap shot with a video camera, this home a werewolf movie has several unique room with angle eye transplant, but also draws a cliché after cliché otherwise. Sets sublevel porn - clinic scene, it seems to have been removed in some house or apartment. converting the wolf scenes do not even look as good as the time of filming used back in the 1940s. Instead, they use torn editing. Throw some hair on the actor. Cut. Throw on some more. Cut. More ... fur and stuffing his mouth full of white trash he can spit. Cut. No need to worry about continuity! There's no fade, NO is dissolved, nothing. It's pretty sloppy. Once fully transformed werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and filmed) is pretty awful. It has red eyes glowing Christmas bulbs fur that looks like a shag carpet and plastic face that is almost completely immobile. There are a few times you can see the fingers cameraman in front of the camera lens, and not really a month to stay as much as five nights in a row? As for the cast, that they are amateurish, but tolerable. And as far as B horror clicks are concerned, there are worse out there. This one is stimulated rather good, lasting only 70 minutes and does not provide much red material during scenes attack, as well as the above-mentioned T & A from Ms. Biton. <br /> <br /> It was prepared by David S. Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to ride the wave of digital video to the right, when he was first starting to dominate the low-budget / independent genre horror scene back in the mid / late 90s. Many of his productions have been well-known horrible released Brain Damage Films, a shortcut to avoid like the plague, for the most part. Fx guy Jeff Leroy (which is included in the co-director of the list here on IMDb, but not in the actual credits of the film) and Vinnie Bilancio (which appears in a small role as one of the hunters) continued to make a lot more fun and polished operation Flick WEREWOLF in prison female in 2006, which was similar to views being displayed (red glowing eyes and everything).
