This device, like 1949's The Heiress * * based on the novel by Henry James. * * Heiress, starring Olivia de Havilland, is a respected part of the work, although less faithful to the original story than this new remake that retains the original name of James James. This is a story about an awkward, yet loving daughter (Leigh), dedicated to her father (Finney), after her mother dies in childbirth. Ambitious father holding his daughter no dignity at all, and sees it as all women, ingenuous. When a young man (Chaplin) from a good family and a little happiness comes caring, Father, naturally suspicious, but I feel so confident that his daughter could not hold any interest for any person, convinced that the young man a fortune hunter and forbids her to see it. Lei is controversial actress ?? Most love it or hate it ?? and it always has a singular lack of restraint and tension in its style, as it acts through his teeth. It is not bad in this, and she handles her role with respect to deftly ?? it's just awkward role for any actress, making viewers want to capture the character of the shoulders and shake her until she wakes up. While the character attains a lot of sympathy, it is not particularly pretty. Very beautiful and very attractive Ben Chaplin (previously seen in * The truth about cats and dogs *) plays its part with the exact amount of the secrets needed to keep the audience guessing whether it is after her fortune, or indeed in love with her, Maggie Smith is one of the most outstanding actresses of the living and raises the level of the film significantly, with its image of a good aunt. Finn amazing, of course, as a father who threatened to disinherit her daughter for disobedience, but his daughter is ready to risk that for the man she loves. But what makes it stick boyfriend still wants her without her state? This is only one case in which the * Washington Square * different * * heiress. Another example is the ability to follow. This is a beautiful film that as tedious as dripping faucet, offering too little for too long a story from the movie.
