1903 short film by Edwin Porter titled "The Great Train Robbery" bursts onto the screen with so much excitement and creativity that one is getting ready for another groundbreaking blown away at the beginning of the film. Just as "Journey to the Moon" Méliès, critics hailed it as a film that introduced Western genre in modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. It was everything from planning the actual train robbery, murder unwanted civilian, and that the coming of the final scene, which makes you realize that these villains in the type of business ?? it was monumental for its time. Hence Eastwood, every Western director Porter used the image in one form or another, to create their own story. We can not say that this film did not open the door, but the fight goes on the story. This genre has been defined by Porter, but beyond its initial excitation ?? There's really nothing to fight on. Maybe I'm jaded clichés of modern westerns and random posts, but somehow be a cliché before cliché? For me, the "Great Train Robbery" seemed forced, without a trace, and no wonder. <br /> <br /> In contrast to Méliès, Porter says very linear story. Robbers change the course of the train, robbing him and then shoot random people, just to prove that they are the true villains, and the final scene ends, as well as any pre-defined film, without any surprises or glitches, and that man is coming weapons to your well-known face. It's soft. Porter sad movie. In the edition I watched was the addition of color near the end to emphasize the emotions that felt cheap and not encouraging film director, or to the audience. The issue remains, that while it is important that the film Porter was borrowed again and again, he actually began to breed. The story itself does not carry the emotional power if something is. In contrast to the early Méliès film, I can not look at it again. I know what happened, I know that there is very little missing from behind the scenes, and that, finally, this is exactly what he found to be ?? simple story that leads from point A to point B to point C. This problem does not only gripe with this film, but also the strongest element to see this early in the film. While it was boring, the fact that he said such a strong story ?? that our characters were characters with motives and drives, it was outstanding to see. In an era when nonfiction films seem mainstream, it broke the mold. Again, not that I'm jumping on the bandwagon prophetic about this movie ?? this is an important film ?? it's just not a great film. <br /> <br /> In general, I was ready to jump into the movie, to see where the roots of the western genre has been planted, but I was just as happy to leave this film for, Porter talented director, and G.M. Anderson continued to clearly be very successful in the generated field, but I just was not happy with the film. I did not expect that the large budgetary implications as Méliès work, nor was I expecting a duplicate of "Journey to the Moon", but I want to see the same creativity, research, and originality. I felt Porter played it safe, if it is possible to say with such early films, but I could not feel the excitement as our villains made their offense. I'm not rooting for anyone, and the final conclusion is proved that the kitsch-ness it dissipates minutes after the start of the film. It was innovative, but not monumental. "The Great Train Robbery" lost his seat in the capsule film the time <br /> <br /> Grade :. ** to *****
