Cartoon Network, seems desperately estimates. Starting with the abolition of Samurai Jack, the network seemed hellbent on removing all the shows that made it so popular, such as The Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Laboratory, Dragonball Z, etc. If the ratings began to fall, CN began putting up some pretty mediocre show. Although Total Island drama / thriller and soup stand out because of their clever writing and the audience enjoyable tricks, there are many other shows, or the horrible alteration (George of the Jungle) or rip off other shows such as The Marvelous Misadventures of cake, where the title character acts as well as SpongeBob, and then Johnny Test, which is something of a replacement Dexter's laboratory, though it is much more pure rip off anything. <br /> <br /> characters show clearly obtained from the Laboratory of Dexter, only this time the focus is on Johnny, blonde (or flame-haired), a character who is tormented by his twin sisters, Susan and Mary, who just so to look the same as of Dexter, with orange hair, glasses, technology is impossible. There is even a competitor genius named Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to sit for Mandark. Then there's Dookie, a best friend Johnny and talking dog, one of Dexter ... I mean, Susan and Mary's early experiments. <br /> <br /> Dexter's Laboratory was probably one of the best cartoons on television, with its simple but effective art style, attractive protagonist, and episodes that do not seem to be delayed. Johnny Test is very different. The art style is not so pleasing to the eye. In fact, it looks just awful. Symbols are the motives that make them very annoying or repel. As well as, most of the episodes of the series consists of Johnny and Dookie in an effort to chaos in a neighborhood girl Cisse, who secretly loves Johnny, or the twin obsessions of the boy next door. Seeing these two geniuses swoon at the sight of Absa and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you would never want to associate with, there is no real connection between the viewer and the characters. <br /> <br /> One series is largely used in its title, that Johnny and Mary Susan guinea pig for their experiments. They range from the rotation Johnny fat, ugly, terrible, and even a woman. Twins then help Johnny in any scheme, he plans to return for their services. Every time there is an episode with this kind of "win / win" deal, as a rule, comes to cancel appears, and the ones that do not come completely off the rails never ending fun. <br /> <br /> The composition ranges from mediocre to awful, however. Episode of "fat" continuously repeating "It's Phat with PH. There's a difference, you know. "What a line that should never be repeated, especially if the episode, it seems, stimulation of obesity in children, Johnny becomes a famous star with money and video games just getting fat. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how the show doesn "t completely rip off Dexter Lab. Show throws in a lot of characters of the two men-in-black on behalf of Mr. Black and Mr. White, a military general, who seems to need all your problems solved with the help of Johnny and his sister, and a lot of supervillains although even here, once again steal the show ideas for other sources, as a teenager clone of Mr. Freeze, angry cat with a butler, who wants a cat to rule over man (evil speaking cat from The Powerpuff Girls), an awkward geek mastermind, evil trio skater "dudes "and even the Mole Man, who is probably the most cliche villain in the media. <br /> <br /> On top of that, along with its ugly and unsympathetic character animation, voice tolerably well (as the voice of Mr. Black and Mr. White) to just the usual deafening (Johnny, Dookie, and almost every villain in the show). Theme song, it seems, the only memorable thing to this show, but then it was just redone a few episodes with the group, which is simply spoiled. <br /> <br /> So, in the end, Johnny Test is not a good cartoon. His terrible links and stories about teenage culture dismantle small child show interest, while its bright colors, torn-off character, and that involve episodes spoil the experience for teenagers. This is just another one of those bad shows that Cartoon Network is overly assistance to deceive people, to see this (as MTV towards rap). If you need to show that will cater to your children for half an hour, then it is better to stick to Spongebob, because Johnny Test a "test" of patience than anything else.
