There's no reason to take this film seriously and there are four reasons: <br /> <br /> 1) The people who made this film (including director and producer) Serbs or Serbian origin, so the criteria of neutrality is not possible. For example, they noted that the Croatian diaspora (the so-called "Ustashe") played a huge role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but they did not mention the fact that there were equal Serb organizations, as well as (Cetniks)! For those of you who are not familiar with the history of WW2 Balkans Serbian so-called «Cetniks», that have been portrayed in the film as good so that they helped a British paratrooper during the war. Well, this is only half the truth. They were also a fascist (Monarch) group collaborated with the Germans, but then switched sides when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic that they do not mention Cetnik leader Mihailovic in the documentary, the person who is responsible for killing thousands of people and burned hundreds of villages throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned a Pavelic ... Hmm ... Let me be a little bit suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) The majority of people surveyed for me totally unknown. And I studied this war for a long time (which is an old British lady !!! It really did your homework!), And they are not even represented by name, so they can be more or less anyone can be someone they took to the streets. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) in the movie they are talking about Kosovo and Serbs lived there for centuries, and so it should belong to Serbia (despite the fact that they are a minority). Well, if they mention the Serb dominated part of Croatia (country) suddenly the Serbs are drawn, they have the right to live there, because it was their home for so long. Okay, but what people do not know that the largest city in the country (Knin) has a great historical significance for the Croatian people. That's where one of the most famous kings of Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned, and so the city has a historical significance for Croatia. Serbs arrived nearly 800 years or so later! But no, the Serbs should countries and Kosovo in accordance with the documentary. Is this true? To me it looks like a double standard of morality from the director. In addition, says in the documentary that the Croatian constitution does not have any laws on the rights of minorities, it is a lie, because it was one of the first laws implemented due to the fact that Croatia was a huge Serb minority. <, Br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions a radical leader of Croatia Paramilitarian called Glavas. Or radical Muslim Oric. They accused them of being a huge reason for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radical, why not mention the radical Serb paramilitary leaders such as Seselj and Arkan? So many shortcomings that I have just introduced a few of them, just so that people get an idea of ​​the documentary. It seems that the people who made this film had not been well prepared and did not have the courage to criticize the Serb, because they feared that their Serb relatives clapped them or something. There are not a lot of documentaries, there are good quality, but better still, "Death of Yugoslavia", where all the relevant participants in the war are interviewed (eg, Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic, etc.) and where you will get a 5 hour explanation for the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a comment on this documentary, where the man was upset about why the United States supported in the country (Bosnia), who had ties with bin Laden during the war. Well, firstly, all the countries involved in the conflict were nationalist presidents and because the Bosnian Muslims did not have the old ethnic identity (previosly it was called "Muslim Croats"), they had to rely on something else other than nationality raise the spirit among men, and it was, by connecting them to a common, that they have in common: their religion. And they took care of mozhaheddinov, because no one will support them. They had to contend with 4: eat-largest army in Europe! They need all the help they can get. Nationalism is the best way to bring people together during the war. History has shown us that.
