This is easily the worst Presley car ever, that would bring us pretty close to the worst movie ever made. This is much worse than even disgusting "Happy Ending," a song at the end of "It Happened at the World's Fair," and then I thought at that moment, when Elvis bought all the balls vendor for his girl, and then a balloon vendor gets Jiggy in the orchestra was embodiment bad film and can not be replenished. I usually use a random Elvis Flick, if for no other reason, but the memories of the time when we were innocent enough to sit through it. This one, however, should be called "live a little, Wish You Were Dead little" and makes "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier playing Othello. <br /> <br /> There Elvis plays Greg, which is basically a hippie a freelance photographer for the Establishment shearing apart. After a fun morning of reckless driving, he ends up on the beach, where he was kidnapped by a woman who changes the name depending on the scene, and who acts with her. it is clear that Michelle Carey was chosen for its similarity and the ability to simulate Elizabeth Taylor (I watched it without my glasses, I would have thought that it was in the late 1960s hells Liz plays a female role). She Sics his dog Elvis, until he runs into the water and catches a convenient film pneumonia, it keeps him doped up out of consciousness in their beach area, until he loses his job and his apartment, so she She moves her things into her home before he wakes up without telling him (the public does not even know about it, or as Elvis is not trying to get back to work and his boss he was beaten for no reason other than he deserved it for the creation of this film, and tries to return home and find some hated first woman in slip, who lives in his house). <br /> <br /> Instead, she was arrested for kidnapping, theft and assault, he goes out and gets two jobs, to bring back rent Miss Crazy trousers had to fork out if theft of all his belongings. Job one is working on Don Porter type of Playboy magazine, the work of two top works Rudy Vallee in snobby fashion magazine. I think that the two-job shuffling is to be a comedy, too bad it's not at all funny, if you do not laugh at 100th time you have seen someone running up and down the stairs in the fast movements to silly music. Dominated by an obstacle that keeps him from falling Greg kidnapper is her other love interest, something is terribly miscast Dick Sargent (let's face it, either Porter or Vallee is, even in view of their advanced age in 1968, I would have done much more plausible competitors Miss Crazy's preferences). <br /> <br /> There are lots of uninteresting and unfunny twists and turns, I was waiting for something, anything to happen that would make it all makes sense. He never did. Entertainment is approximately three minutes and consist of Elvis performing with "A Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to a CD without this painful film caused me) and five second-funny bit where Elvis flop on the couch and Crazy pants has apparently dismantled so fly all to pieces when it falls on him. That is, people, busted furniture, only laughter throughout the film. No amount of mods sixties clothes, music and decor can not save this bitch sky high and should be avoided at any cost. View this can create an unnatural desire on the part of the audience in relation to his own grievous bodily harm.
