When I was seventeen, I sincerely believe Elvis to be the king of rock 'n' roll, and I do not just want to see all 31 of his "character" films, but it was my dream to have them too. That only a poor excuse for the age of seventeen I had. Fortunately sense prevailed and live a little, love little Elvis the only film I have. <br /> <br /> In the spotlight fell on it recently as the remixed version of the top songs of A Little Less Conversation was released as a single. (His first, in order to achieve the UK tops ten in 22 years ?? his first UK number 1 in 25) Even when I was seventeen, and in serious need of psychiatric help, I realized that the songs for this film was not exactly the first course. However, a little less - Talk rollnecks 60s and grooving in the side - it's a real standout. Search lesser-known song that only a relatively small number of hours contributed to realize the mainstream produces a mixture of emotions. It's nice to finally see the faith in the song come true, but it is also sad to see the decay of his own cult. (And what chauvinist lyrics, too. Although what other Elvis song contains the word "procrastinate»?) <br /> <br /> But what really bothers me about this film is not a little less talk, but in the 84th, that surround it, in fact, based on the novel (Kiss My firm, but supple lips - what kind of novel would be lame is that?), this one sees Elvis holed bored with "comedy" dogs and nymphomaniac. Within 90 seconds of meeting him, Michelle Carey asks, "You want to make love to me?" Pretty soon the engine by any standards, I'm sure you'll agree <br /> <br /> I seem to recall that some of the early Elvis movies -. First Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - is not so bad, but this is only an identikit knotweed shoemakers. Being fired with paper work may lead to five carats battle minutes with a pair gingernuts, whereby motorway perched well for laughter, and dress pattern as a pink mermaid. There's even a dream sequence, for God's sake. Maybe only stupid stereotype that does not fit in without all that many songs. With just four to choose from, including the number of credits you expect an average of 22 minutes between the tracks. Some films have become insipid, with too many tunes, but here they could help to numb the pain. Of the remaining three tracks, and then the edge of reality actually is not too bad, although the dance Elvis he must, of course, have been named «The Bear Trap». <br /> <br /> In a sense, a certificate PG film from 1968, it is surprisingly high sexual content. Unfortunately, however, the talking dog, the value of the average American sitcom and reinforced dancing you will ever see Elvis dignity erased this film.
