I thought that the film (especially the story) requires a lot of work. Elements of the film is pro-Western and does not correspond to reality in an attempt to try to make an oriental feel to the movie. I will give three of the many shortcomings of the film: <br /> <br /> First of all, if Wendy Shen said that he would help her to study the history of China, I was very happy that the audience will get some information about Chinese history; but it turns out that the film is not exactly show Wendy really study the history of China; yet instead, the film shows only Wendy practicing a method of remembering what she learned that made me frustrated and confused. <br /> <br /> Secondly, that really bothers me, the characters are stored mention of moon cakes - cakes this month and moon cakes, as as good taste. However, they did not actually mention the real significance of this. Once they talked about that had any relevance to the moon cake has been the autumn festival, which they do not explain or go into depth. They could have mentioned the myth that correlates with the moon cake - moon lady. Myth does not start with some there once there are ten suns and each of them will rotate growing, but one day all ten suns rose, dry land with growing intense heat; so divine archer, Hou, shot nine out of ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are different versions, where Hou shot eight of the nine suns). Due to its heroic contribution, he received the pill of immortality so that he could live forever in the case of the ten suns indeed rise, but his wife, Chang-O stolen. After the theft, she ran to the moon, where she met a hare. Then she came to the idea and said, hares pound tablet into many pieces, so that it can distribute the pill in all the earth, giving each immortality. (There are several versions of this story, but throughout my childhood, I most of the time, heard about this version). I thought that such details as it would make the story more Chinese cultural orientation. <br /> <br /> The last thing I wanted to point out this is the last battle scene of the film. Teachers who have been obsessed with the monks fought with terracotta warriors (Life as a soldier statue) went against the idea of ​​how important the Chinese history of the Chinese. The terracotta Warrors serves as past of China, and it was very westernized (where evil must be killed in any case, it is possible) that the monks in the movie were ready to destroy this relationship. It would be understandable if Wendy, given that it is a Sino-American and has full knowledge of the Chinese, had no trouble destroying these priceless artifacts. <br /> <br /> The entire film was westernized, because it seemed that all the monks and Shen want to do is fight ... I mean, it is designed TVPG because of the violence that goes against Confucius thinking and cooperation harmony. It would seem more accurate that the monks try to avoid violence and to try to work things out peacefully before resorting to violence. <br /> <br /> In general, everything is either a producer, writer or director did not do your research carefully and do the dirty work and without effort instead. I would suggest that they either stop the airing of this film or that they make a copy of the film as it contains more specific information; However, I would like to give him credit (2 stars) to be clever and calm to remove one of the stereotype of Asians and Asian Americans.
