I understand that to live in West Plains Wyoming during the 1900s was tough, in fact, it's probably still a brutal today, but it was quite monumental turn in a seemingly "made for TV" movies ? In addition, women's rights continue to excommunication in the country during this time, so as to find an independent woman determined to start a new one in this harsh territory, and still show realism era ?? it will make for a good show? Frankly, I do not know. I thought about this film over the past two days and I still can not seem to muster the strength to say that it was a terrible movie, but I can honestly say that this was not the best I've ever seen . Of the several styles of hash steps up to two uncoordinated actors playing the emotionless character, some of the most disgusting scenes rated PG ever come out from the end of the 70s movie, difficult to completely get a good idea of ​​the Heartland. It was good? Was it bad? It may be for you to view and resolve on their own, but by the time, here are the moments I enjoyed, and desperately hated! <br /> <br /> This film continues to be a struggle in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes. The scenes where I was not sure if the director does and in which direction he was headed, but somehow it still seemed to work well as a whole. I thought that the story as a whole was very interesting historical story. I do not know much about life in Wyoming, particularly in the early 1900s, so that the film captured this image in my mind. The thought of a very cold winter, no neighbors for miles upon miles, and it's kind of Polaroid-squire untouched corporate America. It was fun to watch and simply breathtaking with the experience (although the TV). There were scenes that really stood out in my mind as cattle branding scenes, pig slaughter scene and upset settler who did not survive their way, which only brought a true sense of realism to the story. Directed by Richard Pearce has done a great job bringing the kind Wyoming spectators, but I'm not sure that he had brought a decent player to accompany the form. <br /> <br /> While I'm constantly praise the scenery of this film, I had a problem coping with the actors, who seemed to be going on the set and read their lines from the card side. Rip Torn, it seemed out of place in the role of Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow find a connection to finish Ferrell in Elinor Randall. Two, the actors have chemistry in general. Their scenes they share together senseless and fairly devoid of any emotion. The stage of pregnancy almost in my path because of how these two "veteran" actors showing them. Brave Eleanor does what it needs to do to get the baby out of it, while Clyde gives a nod of approval, if it is made. Is it love? Was it must be love? I do not know, I think, with strong characters we would see a stronger bond, but Torn and Ferrell, he felt just two actors play their roles. Other scenes, which only seemed to struggle in my mind were the ones as when frozen horse "knocking" on the door for food and shelter, are constantly fading and growing sympathy Clyde's daughter Eleanor (as I just do not believe it), lack of real winter struggle and the whole earth scene. Earth scene especially because I need more clarification about what does Eleanor, why it does it, and why Clyde would build her a house when they were married! It is these simple events, when the time to explore, would make for a stronger film. <br /> <br /> Overall, I walk in the midst of the road with this feature. There were definitely elements that should have been investigated more deeply, such as the relationship between the two strangers and the ultimate goals of Homesteading with Elinor, but they were contrasted with some beautiful scenes of our people. These panoramic scenes that, in the space of 100 years, there is a change from the huge mountains to huge skyscrapers. Although there have been some brilliant realism of the scene (starring cattle and pigs), I just felt that we need more. Depth is the key element is missing in this film, which was marred marginal effect decreases and stories. Pearce could have dove deeper into the undeveloped world, but instead left open slots and clichéd western characters. Ferrell is carried out independently, but Thorne was completely miscast. Worthy to view, but it will not be picked up again to me <br /> <br /> Grade :. ** to *****
