Mankiewicz sleuth in do not need a remake. It is good well made film that stands up well to this day. However, given that the modern remake of the machines currently full speed; I really can not say that I am surprised to see the film updated for a modern audience. The plot is identical to the original film, and based on it we have the story of a young man, Mila Tindle, leaving to see an older man Andrew Wyke, to discuss divorce as a young person has to deal with the old man's wife. From there, the game of cat and mouse costs. It is clear from the beginning that director Kenneth Branagh would like to add another touch to this film, and it does so by a central location, which has been modified with a charming game ridden country house technical miracle original prepared with layers of safety equipment. I am glad that the director decided to make this change because no one wants to see the remake, which is directly a copy of the original; Plus there is the fact that the place is well used and always a pleasure to watch. Unfortunately, however, the positive elements of the detective in 2007 end there. <br /> <br /> Initially, the film was longer than two hours, while a remake but a shadow over eighty minutes. So, naturally, that means that this version is less of it; and, unfortunately, these are the signs that are suffering. The site also ran, and we get the first turn in the story too quickly and before we were given the chance to really understand why and how these events may occur. The film does not build character, or the relationship between them, enough to make sure that their relationship makes sense. One of the main things that has changed about the older nature of his obsession; in the original, he was obsessed with the games, which were very important once twists come into play. Here he has a fetish of security that does not really mean anything until the end. Processing Kenneth Branagh film allows cool the score, but the class is over. The original thrived on it, but this film is happy only the soil with abuse on a large and mostly unnecessary, time; which is cheaper than all this. The final twist in the tale is quite different, as it was in the original and ensures that the film is reduced to the really disgusting sentence. After two hours after the original I realized how respected and loved the characters you see in the film - after eighty minutes of this, I hated them both. I have some respect for Branagh for not only rolling out a carbon copy of the original film; but it's not a very good adaptation of the Anthony Shaffer play big.
