It was close to ten years since I saw one of the last two sequel to "Phantom" - probably due to my still vivid memory of them is not very good. It is recognized to this day, I am still a big fan of the first two parts, so I thought I'd go back and re-experience "the final chapter." Part Three is definitely the worst of the series, because it obviously takes on the less serious and throws in a bunch of complicated things that does not make much sense ... Again, throwing, where the previous film left us, Reggie saves from Mike tall man, who promises to return to it later, but it is not safe for a long time, when they come across Jody, who inexplicably able to turn into a ball. Apparently, his soul is a prisoner of the Tall Man as Mike then pulled into a sinister double-double of the Dead and Reg have to find him ... On the way he meets a ten-year-old child and a nun chuck wielding black chick by the name of Rocky, which help him during throughout his trip. <br /> <br /> There's really nothing memorable about the "Phantasm III», but to foolish and with force "humorous", he tries to be. Only one positive aspect that did not even help the film, and it was the return of A. Michael Baldwin, Bill Thornbury, who reprized his role for the first time the original 1978 classic. The problem is that they are largely doing a cameo appearance ... Reggie Bannister, of course, still in its primary role, but his clumsy, lovers attitude makes his presence too annoying like. Angus Scrimm also just does not seem completely "in" role. He says too much here and nowhere near as formidable and terrible in contrast to the "pretentious", the film seemed to casually refer to. opinion of the majority of people on this film, it seems rather indifferent and prone to think "it's still entertaining." Maybe I'm just too much nit pick, but I just could not get into this. I remember loving it when I I was a child, and after the second view it - I can say with confidence - nothing has changed Coscarelli rocked the stage with his original malobyuzhetnogom, a nightmare, the legendary film "The Phantom," which I have yet to include here my top favorite horror film and his respectable sequel. It keeps things moving and agadkava surreal and mountains, but the "Lord of the Dead" (stupid name) just looked too rushed and hit with me ... the inclusion of two new characters, Tim and Rocky (only lacked Scrappy Doo !!), there was a strong sign of exhausted ideas Coscarelli and seeing how far he could go the franchise ... <br /> <br /> Thus, this "Phantom" film with a very small amount of gore, nudity, and quadruple barreled shot guns. Need I say more?
