* Contains some spoilers * This movie is cheesy 80s horror in all its awfulness. The site takes too long to get off the ground, never balances itself and then just falls about 40 minutes in the film. There are a couple of moments for fans of zombies, but not enough zombies to create a real sense of fear. <br /> <br /> Zombies take a long time to make their appearance. Firstly, there is a whole half of a movie about monsters and prison gangs. The hero of the film former Vietnam veteran, who is caught up in the crowd. The main mafia boss sets him and he goes to jail. In this prison, they experimented on prisoners, to find a way to cure them from the deadly trends and criminal behavior. But Badie psychotic head scientist / military guy has other plans in mind. He wants to use a slightly different version of the serum to do .... yes .... a super soldier! After some positive prisoners killed several guards, and most of the prison has a circular infected communion wine, military / mad scientist guy goes, 'Hey, this could be a problem "and gives a call to a brilliant scientist turned journalist hot babe ultra -empowered independent woman character which, of course, invented the original serum. She goes to the prison to see what was going down, a military man calls in a few special forces from their place of safety outside the prison, and the guy hero takes on responsibility for a number of prisoners with a heart of gold, when a riot breaks out. Hero guy and scientist / journalist lady come together to find a cure, save a child supervisors, and deal with some angry prisoners are infected or not. Meanwhile, the Mafia boss, the guy made a deal to go to jail, so that he could save his imprisoned brother. The military is preparing to blow up the place, and everything inside is scrambling to find a way out. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of bloody scenes, where people kill pressed or continue through the prison bars. There's also an awful scene of decapitation and electric current scene with the same infected grow in captivity. However, the most disturbing scene in the beginning of the film, when the rough corrupt guard raping the prisoner. <br /> <br /> The main highlight of this film one scene near the end. Hero, woman, and children are trying to make their way to the only escape route. Their journey takes them to a long corridor, on the one hand, there is a wall, and on the other side there are prison bars. Hundreds of bloody zombies reaching hands later, decorating their hair and faces, as they pass by. There's also a few good scenes classic "pair of zombies munching on fresh corpses" and "a lot of zombies ripping a man to shreds" bits. <br /> <br /> In general, it is worth watching, if you study the zombie genre, as it has so many zombie clichés should be noted, is almost operating instructions on what not to do when creating a zombie movie. But if you are new to the zombie clicks and want a real panic, you should look elsewhere.
