Wow, the story for this film everywhere! There is so much of the plot, and so many things are happening that it almost made my head spin !! And in the end, none of them seem particularly plausible. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Kay Francis as a housewife living in a small town. She has had some experience with the local theater and has ambitions of going to Broadway. If large, the actor comes to town, she pursues him in the hope that he could give her career a boost. But her husband is worried about fraud - as the ham actor. Thus, the husband breaks them and falls actor - the actor is dying! As a result, he was convicted of first-degree murder !!! Nha Manslaughter, but the murder of 1! Now, pregnant women and the need for funds, Kay goes to New York. But the work of Broadway is not found, so she is forced to take on any job - even Burlesque. It is impossible to adequately care for her young daughter, she gives him another woman to pick up. However, in the end, she can not find a job in the real Broadway plays and everything looks rosy. But jealous surprising starring in the play hated her for some inexplicable reason, and causes it to be thrown off the game. Dull, it makes its way to England and become a real star. A few years later, she returned to New York to get her child - but the baby is older and believes that a woman cares for her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer was thinking that if he gets $ 10,000, he can get people out of jail. As another reviewer wrote, this bribe people? As much as $ 10,000 to get it otherwise - perhaps he will buy a helicopter, so that they can fly in the prison yard and scoop it !! Wow - this is enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this takes place in the 45th minute !!! Believe it or not, there are quite a bit more to it. If you really care to see it yourself to see how it all unfolds <br /> <br /> It's kind of like a "kitchen sink writing." - Throwing almost everything and hope somehow it will all work. Unfortunately, the film is hopelessly and incredibly soft, despite the best efforts of Ms. Francis. This kind of film, no one could accurately saved thanks to a second rate site. It's almost as if someone just took a few tens of plot elements, threw them into a box, and then began randomly selecting them to make a movie !! In general, if you are not a die-hard fan Kay Francis or love anything made in Hollywood in 1930, is one of them, you can easily miss. Not terrible, but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, a child who plays the daughter of Francisco after her return to New York (Sybil Jason) was really scary. I think it should have been ... I think.
