To begin with, and for the record, the term "necromancer" describes the black magic art of attracting the dead to life, and it does not in any way relates to sex with the corpses. This is known as necrophilia and, yes, I know this is an obvious difference, but I get a lot of comments from friends and relatives, I flaunt perverse taste in movies! This film is quite the opposite of perverse or careless, in fact, but just only qualifies as a sad, clumsy and terribly bad. "Necromancer" is at least one top five rankings, namely the list of the inconsistent movies ever made! Now the director Bert I. Gordon is not quite known for delivering masterpieces (his repertoire there are titles like "Earth vs. the Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the Gods"), but he's really outdone himself here with a completely pointless, unnecessary and completely nonsensical story about witchcraft and hidden, small towns. Soon after the tragic experience of the fact that their child is born dead, Laurie and her husband Frank to move in the quiet little town of Lillith, where Frank was suddenly offered the visible work in a toy factory. Lori suspicious and feels atmosphere disease, especially the city patriarch and "owner" Mr. Kato very intrusive and mysterious. That's another thing. How could anyone "own" city and everything in it? In any case, Lori Lori gradually discovers that all Lillith witch and Mr. Kato exclusively lured her into the city because of his uncanny ability to resurrect the dead. After all, for many years, Cato tried to bring his dead son back to life, and he is ready to make any sacrifice of human released. I sincerely do not see the meaning of the film. This is a blatant rip-off "Rosemary's Baby" ?? one of the alternative names of even a «Disciples Rosemary" ?? but the script prostitutes and imbecilic beyond belief. Why no one is allowed to have children until a son of Cato is dead? It's just a very selfish! When, where and how Lori suddenly learn how to raise the dead? "Necromancer", of course, contains a few really terrible and atmospheric moments, but they inadvertently done either by complete coincidence, either through complete lack of budget. Grainy film provides a creepy atmosphere and set pieces look cheap enough to be awful. Performance Orson Welles ?? no doubt, the lowest point in his career ?? piteously, and still is the best aspect of the entire film.
