As a teenager, I was pretty as a whole Bigfoot thing - I read the book and followed the reported sighting. As a jaded adult, I pretty much gave up the big guy now, but do not mind watching the odd movie, when I encounter one. This one had several strengths to it - mainly in the recovered two of the most well-known Bigfoot encounters - incident Ape Canyon 1924 and the incident Bauman c.1850, both related and Teddy Roosevelt, both of which I »m somewhat familiar with this youthful reading I did. The film takes for granted that the two incidents were linked to the snow, while both incidents has a plausible explanation, but recovered well done. There's also a tribute to the beginning of the movie of the famous Patterson video, again taking for granted its authenticity. Sasquatch meeting at the end of the film is also very well done, and it was very eerie feel to it, like the Sasquatch portrayed mostly in the shade or in the form of hairy legs running past the frightened people. Unfortunately, in total, these four things, which may have created about 20 minutes, while the film as a whole a little more than half an hour. <br /> <br /> This is a fictional story (done in documentary style) with an expedition in a remote area of ​​northern British Columbia to prospective home sasquatches range. The computer was focused in this area, based on observations and - in one of the funniest scenes in the film - a computer also used a "witness of sight" to paint a picture sasquatches that looked the same as "being" in Patterson video! In addition to these 20 minutes, I have already said, we basically see the travel expedition, which means that we get to see a bunch of guys go on a long hike. I was camping with the guys. Let me tell you - they have never been worthy of a movie. Mixed in among the long-term boredom some interesting shots of wildlife (although one suspects that used canned footage, or possibly even in captivity, which perform like wild animals) and there are some spectacular scenery shots, except the scenery entirely northern British Colombia is a national park in Oregon. <br /> <br /> I understand that we will never give the real picture sasquatches, so that we do not have to do with bad makeup, which would be part of it. 3/10
