COULD contain spoilers ..... I surprised rated this film will honest..really me. All I saw was a low-speed propaganda movie with nothing special to say. (Note to self must check the rating for Platoon here) This film was so black and white Americans ... well ... someone else or evil or useless. I take it the British forces there were to be SAS (one of the most elite units in the world, most would agree, I'm pretty sure), they lost 3 people, and the rest fled while the American troops, who were not even the elite soldiers in a combat sense, He keeps the land and opened a can of whoop-ass on them evil sneaky Iraqis. Aye dead on the strings in mind. The only good thing I have to say about this film came in this sense, when people took the SAS sniper ... a muzzle flash from a distance, using a good noise ... really well done that a little bit, but everything else ... Spare me what am I at the age of 10 years here ?? !! Well, I can not see the nonsense and propaganda in film and boy did this film is. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh yes, and mostly crazy, wild guy can not stay home with his wife and young child..no he has to sign for another year, to fight in the war nonsense lies !! Why ... because young people need the thrill or something, apparently. How do you say that I am surprised rated this film really is. <br /> <br /> P.S. I do not hate America, I hated the message of this film, which does not seem to even want to confront the problems of illegal war (in my eyes) that the CI is fair enough, because it is clear that there are people out there who think it's just a war for having spoiled the reason (to say something else, but its censorship), but hey, it's for them. But in a lot of film so one-sided as it is black and white ... good v evil lazy and treats me like a child. In war there are a lot of gray, and the two (sometimes more) parties who believe that they are fighting. Nya Star Wars with something something dark side verses sweets. For F »Hollywood sometimes you actually take people on mugs ... then again to 7.8 .... Well, maybe you're right, but I will not buy it. I am glad that I downloaded this movie to tell you all that for nothing. ;)
