As the last day of Ayn Rand, Bigelow is the main la Muy macho in her image in the film some tough American HOMBRES stuck in Iraq to defuse roadside bombs set by the ruthless, merciless, children killing Arab terrorists. As Bigelow says the war in Iraq, as in the background of the grand stage of human drama, a veteran expert bomb blown up and even shows up to replace it in a dusty, hot, ugly rubble, which is in Iraq, and a new hero born. <br /> <br /> new boyfriend John Hershey described in his book and then a film, a war lover as sadistic lamb, which is actually not suitable for civilian life, and requires stimulation of the war to sublimate and suppress his sexual vagrant desires. Wars lover can only be fully operational during the war, in peacetime, to suppress it. While Hershey punish war lover (played in the film by Steve McQueen in one of his greatest roles) Bigelow celebrates it. Army needs lovers of war, they are the backbone of defense against our enemies. We can not handle the truth, it's fans of war, which are the best soldiers, cruel people. According unironic Bige, regular folks pussy war lover a special breed, the last of the cowboys. So if he wants to bare-back their man or pat an Iraqi boy? It represents a return to sex and death cult of war. During the war, sex ungrateful, unloved, nya-ask, do not view male-Tel Communications. Bigelow has no opinion on the matter; it just limits the possibilities of masculinity in this clumsy attempt at realism. Only war-fan can win the moral struggle between good and evil, between American innocence and the Arab treachery. Bigelow masks its racism and arrogance of naive facade journalism. She's just another fanatic Yahoo, showing a tough war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. <br /> <br /> On the political front, Bige returned to the western genre, and his relentless cliché over and over again, ad infinitum: the strange world of open borders, which happens to be a country of some one else. ( "You can shoot people here," says the soldier); hard, but man black guy companion, the soldiers with a presentiment of death, rude, possibly insane officer fiat, college educated fool who tries to make friends with the enemy. You name it, it raises Bige <br /> <br /> Man-boy love is palpable in scenes with a nice Arab boy who befriends a war lover, but Bigelow played it straight. it had completed its sex, its just disinfectant. Bigelow that really wants to show us is ugly, smirking face of the Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not pure evil or crazy, hostile or up to no good, anyway. They all deserve to die for their insolence, and many of them in this brisk Gore-film festival. Iraqi women are hysterical, they only make their presence known crying. They may be men of stuntmen in the resistance for all I know, you've never seen their faces. There is no female presence at all on the basis of, or in combat, although women's death toll in Iraq, of course, denies this. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes through all the motions one after the other. It glorifies war, she canonization sadistic nut-case character. Cowboys, surrounded by inhuman Indians, to prove his mettle by doing God's work, and subjecting the unfortunate terrorist-infested hole with sheer bravado and suicidal mania. Toward the end, I felt like the introduction for the Indians. The Bigelow world, though, no mercy or understanding never makes it to the end. Iraqis brutal par excellence. The massacre of civilians a dramatic backdrop for the psycho sexual struggle our hero. Each U.S, bullet finds its target. You have to love the guy, a war lover. It's just his way, he is a true hero. He's just a guy trying to get things done the hard way, and so that, when he is hungry boy dance on the side.
