Line funnier in England, where, far from Vixen! 'S Native American word "ass" has a whole new meaning. Unfortunately, it's only a laugh, you'll get in this terrible sexual comedy that is neither sexy nor funny, <br /> <br /> Ironically unalluring painted-on eyebrows, Erica Gavin (acting ability: zero ). It is a nymphomaniac who lust after her own brother, but he refuses it black one, making insulting remarks about watermelons. As if in retaliation, he asks her if she would go with Shetland ponies. Reference is also made to "do it with monkeys." Gavin's ability to shake and tremble at the slightest touch of orgasm pleasure matched only in the absence of an appeal of her seduction dance ?? which includes a fire and haddock. Personally, I prefer haddock. <br /> <br /> For the 68 it was fairly tame material, and refutes the arguments it has attracted at the time. A character says that "getting high", although it is only in the bourbon, and one of the original certificates, "the X", there is no full nudity. Just six years later, we will receive Those Leo and his Confessions, but here we have to do a topless shots. Only a final seducing her own brother Gavin really shocking. Other activities in the Vixen, where she helps to resolve sexual problems between the couple, sleeping with both of them. Two women clearly do not enjoy playing their scenes together, and make a bad effort to disguise it. After Vixen irons his disharmony, romantic husband finds his wife: "I think that she is, she goes to her!» <br /> <br /> The only almost worth segment includes a discussion of unusual Cuban communism. It seems incongruous with the rest of the film, although spliced ​​with shots to his chest Gavin rope in continuity. This then leads to a foggy anti-Vietnam position, which is commendable, but dropped in the middle of such a frivolous movie seems trivial and insensitive, not to say completely tasteless. By the way, part of the potential of the Communist Niles Brook accepted Paige Harrison, the same Harrison Page, who played Captain trunk in a funny comedy with a sledgehammer! The page should be embarrassed of his back catalog (which also includes Meyer Beyond the Valley of the Dolls), although Meyer apologists would have you believe, a terrible dialogue, lousy action sloppy direction and deplorable editing is not only part of the charm, but it is quite intentional. As protection, it does not hold water. <br /> <br /> irritating incidental music ?? a cross between a music that they play in the television stations used cinema advertising and Muzak's restaurant, when the transmission is broken ?? ubiquitous and intrusive; while even a stupid, unprofessional skewed camera angles may not cause concern. The wonderful world of jazz saxophone, where the women were "asking for it" black men ?? or "light" ?? not good enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely boring.
