Wayward Cloud frustrating film to watch. Annoyingly cryptic, it processes each frame is like a work of art. You get the impression that the composition of each shot has been designed and developed to the degree of exquisite care that borders on obsession; Expressing how the movie progressed since the very first films were cranked in the nineteenth century and imitating their construction, the chamber is hardly ever moves ?? except during the camp and colorful musical numbers. Ambient noise is minimized and hardly said a word. It's fun, but effective device makes the audience focus on visual stimuli alone, so that as the story progresses snail like pace, we feel it becomes submerged. Unfortunately, for me at least, this dive begins to unravel somewhere about an hour assessment. I began to feel as if the film was a challenge to me to look at the time it becomes increasingly difficult as the minutes dragged on, so that the simple act of watching was the battle of the wills. <br /> <br /> If the content of the film is not as sexy as it would, of course, even more obscure to Western audiences. As it is, there is an abundance of female nudity and the act of sexual assault on an unconscious (or perhaps dead) woman who is so disgusting that, while he can speak volumes about the degradation to which pornography exposes men and women (users and used) so overzealous in the manner in which he chooses to make it a point to make it effectively ineffective. Of course, the worst and the most enthusiastic members of the explosion in available pornographic content will be looking for this movie for all the wrong reasons and watch it with their sticky fingers on the fast-forward button remote control. <br /> <br /> for all its problems, the film is, of course, long-distance runner, and the more you think about it a sense of some aspects of this seem to do. Oddly, for a film in which there is so little, the viewer is likely to be awarded in proportion to watching the second or even third time. For me, however, once it was enough ??
