BFG is one of the most treasured books of Roald Dahl, but in this animated adaptation of the magic does not exist. This version is quite accurate because the original Dahl story one can not put the blame on John Hambley scenarios. If something is colorless wine animation sluggish pace and generally dull voice-overs. One could wait for the story to make for a happy, bright, fun movie ..... instead, the film is hopelessly boring affair, which becomes quite tedious to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story, should definitely read the book first! The entire film will be achieved in order to put them to read what is in fact a children's classic. <br /> <br /> The young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in the not too convenient an orphanage under the strict control of Mrs. Clonkers. One evening she gazes out the window when she sees massive figure running secretly down the village street. Figure understands that it has been seen, so that it reaches through the window and shovels Sophie from her bed, putting it into his huge pocket before fleeing into the night. Sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant with a giant country, and fears that he will eat it. But to her relief, he is kind and sensitive to members of his species, which presents itself as BFG (voice of David Jason). BFG refuses to eat people, rather than limit yourself foul-tasting vegetables, known as snozzcumbers. However, Giant country inhabited by many other giants that make the holiday - every night, as it happens - on the poor unsuspecting people. Sophie and the BFG became great friends, and they soon came up with a plan to prevent another giant. Together they go to the Queen of England (the voice of Angela Thorne) with their different history and ask her to send troops and air forces to fight the man-eating giants. Queen agrees, and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giant, before they can harm anyone else. <br /> <br /> Jason voiced BFG pretty good (one of the few pluses in the movie), but his good work almost destroyed some poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work resolutely uninspired, with very little to bring the characters to life. Furthermore, BFG is the only character that ingeniously animated - Sophie lacks appeal, and the Giants sick designed (and look almost indistinguishable from each other). Even uninventive place; The giant country is particularly suitable short, being nothing more than a barren wasteland with a few rocks and canyons. After 88 minutes, the film is not quite long as he carries a pretty bad in part because of the hypnotic treatment of several sequences. A bit of mischievous humor Dahl transported satisfactorily. One chapter in the book deals with the love of BFG «whizzpopping» (farting) and laugh out loud hilarious. In the film, the same portion is completely clogged unfunny processing. I came to The BFG wait much zest, fun and pleasure, but the fact that I was pretty much the opposite! This is one unfortunate misfire that simply does not match the caliber of the book in any department - unfortunately, so it must go down as one to miss.
