This 1970 hit film does not age, but to be honest, it was not so good when it was released. Nevertheless, it was a popular success, perhaps because the idea of ​​fatalism young love has turned to the audience, saturated constant telecast of the Vietnam War. The plot is pure nonsense, as it applies to Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Harvard hockey player who meets and falls in love with Jenna Cavelleri, antagonistic Vassar music student proud of her working class background. His father is of the old school, of course, disapprove of Jenny, and in the typical act of rebellion, which means that the young couple gets married in one of those hippie era, improvised ceremonies. He landed my dream job in New York, but it gets suddenly ill and died from her fatal illness. There is then the veneer of modern methods of survey reflected director Arthur Hiller, but none of this can hide old-fashioned, cliché-ridden story at its core. The inevitable ending left me especially adamant. <br /> <br /> Both Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw became stars with this film, Oliver and Jenny, but for unknown reasons, so as neither seems to be able to convey the depth and complexity necessary to make their characters convincing. At the very least, a boyish O'Neill sincere in his little cheeky approach, but McGraw and wooden smirky in behavior that is difficult to understand that Oliver sees Jenny for her sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before the residence decapitated racehorse in his bed in «The Godfather») does a better job as a baker open Jenny's father Phil, like Ray Milland as seemingly insensitive Barrett family man. Too familiar Frances Lai music has become almost a parody of itself for many years. The print quality on the DVD is good, although only optional commentary track quite volcanics Hiller. The most interesting bit of trivia is that the author Erich Segal (on whose book the film is based) Oliver conceived as a mixture between the two roommates at Harvard, he knew ?? United States Al Gore, vice president and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who happens to have a cameo in the film as one of the neighbors in the Oliver room.
