Warped take on Pinocchio, and set during the Christmas season (.. after the appointment of abandoned ties with Christmas) has mined toy sent to kill the child (.. even after that, the other victim accidentally caused damage in the process) is possible, "son" toy manufacturer. Shouts Mad George was responsible for the killer toys (including .. larva entering the victim's mouth and his eyes, and the other, where the toy soldiers actually shoot real bullets at the nurse after her boyfriend was almost overwhelmed by the toy hand-cut, working from remote remote control). Small goal dumb kid named Derek (William Thorne), whose stepfather was killed by a red ball with extension arms that lure his face, causing him to land on the fireplace poker. Sarah's mother (Jane Higginson) is worried about the mental state of his son, knowing his reluctance to opening gifts or, more important, they say, it comes from watching the terrible murder of her husband. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim) fears for his safety son't, and says, reluctantly, his ex-girlfriend, Sarah, that a local toymaker, Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was once arrested for setting traps in toys to harm children due to the loss of the unborn child, when his wife was killed in a car crash..kind in wages, saying that if he can not have a son, the others should not either. Still quite drunk (.. often seen sipping Jack), Petto, seems to put his feelings toward children, but his terrible son Pino (Brian Bremer) has not, and Derek, it is fraught with angst aside. Why? You'll quickly. <br /> <br /> Quite disappointing effects and rather silly premise. Name Rooney adds charm to the film, getting him famous, but his theatrics can only help so much. Attractive leading actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim as a person who re-enter her life is not so bad, but the lame storyline that develops hard to take seriously. I believe that is the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in a film like this..he has no place to bring any person to his toymaker, apart from anger and despair, it is very volatile, barely holding together as he explodes in anger to Pino, if not knocking liquor. Bremer respective countries and "robotic" as Pino, the desire to have Sarah as his mother. Practical effects are used in the attack on the victims rather work with unconvincing..Screaming Mad George Savage Steve Holland was far more effective than what we see in this film. Sex all say not so free, as many would have you believe (.. I can not even remember any nudity). Probably the best of the numerous extensions of the green light, but it is not approved. I believe what is written on paper, it was entertaining concept, the idea of ​​spoofing Pinocchio with horror elements, but the result is not exactly blow you away.
