OK OK, it can be difficult to put the fullness of human life in a movie. Traditionally, therefore, biographical films focus on one or two important parts in the life of the subject. Now, Byron was "My week beats your year," the man who makes the choice of the parts that are representative of the more difficult. In addition, just as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, human life itself should be considered as a whole. The lifting part of not only does not show the whole picture, it shows a different picture as a whole <br /> <br /> At present, in general, my review is as follows:., It is expected that Byron was really "my week would 'ie a year "prototype, a guy who lived so much that he actually did more in his 15 or so years of active than most of them in a lifetime. it is true that he was a failure and was the victim of time and the social situation he I lived - but in the end, this guy must be a prototype, whose life we ​​all want the news, no Well, I did not at any time want, etc.? live the life depicted in the film. So it gets 3. Not being so badly done (which is the direction wise, it was more or less), but more importantly to miss the point completely on a flat plot. <br /> <br / > Some more detail Well, to over simplify things, Byron bio should have two separate episodes:. 1. After the first trip in Europe. England, and his rise to fame + marriage / 2. his life abroad Now, most importantly, that the second part should be at least as important as the first. Moreover, it is much more, but the most significant change in Byron took place then. Furthermore, where he created his best works (Don Juan, vision board, etc. - all the things that make it * really * is unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead, the film (a) the life of Byron never comes across as even remotely fun, (b) he receives only the * worst * after he leaves England. They made a couple of good works: in the first place, they began to return his trip in Europe (though a little more actual trip would have been welcome as a prologue), and secondly, they have chosen angle, and they chose his incestuous love for August (which is likely completely discard). The problem with this last thing is that they never let go. However, Byron remained strongly attached to Augustus throughout the rest of life, but especially because he was such mood swings of people, the fact that his letters reflect this does not mean that it is at other times, may not be fully enjoyed life. <, Br /> <br /> In any case, the first part of the television movie was supposed to end with him leaving England. There's no doubt about it. The fact is, once abroad, debauchery life started (with Geneva's shameful period), but in Italy Byron also found a new life, and for his poetry (inspired Italian comedy), already in Venice, and for himself, when he found Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (later at the request of Shelly, Theresa, Pisa). In other words, he was released *. His mind and life opened (and not only in the decadent sense), while England closed on as she came to the gravity of the Victorian era. However, freedom was Augusta-less, but it is a bitter-sweet taste of sour freedom in this film. We see a lonely, bored snob gets older. <br /> <br /> I mean, hell, Byron never thought of his poetry, except when he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! In addition to the poetic and romantic events, his relationship with Shelley (and lowering the break) should have been more documented. In addition, it is located in Italy in the city of Ravenna, he was involved with politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important because it shows that the Decadent romantic and ultimately escapist language and identity of Childe Harold's change into a more planted in the life of a realistic and easy language and passion of don Juan's face. Living and working alone. True, there is still a bit naive, but that's what got him in Greece! And it all came full circle in Pisa, where the revolutionary spirit of Shelley further ignited the spark. Missolonghi was not sad snob suddenly looking for some action. It is the understanding in Italy (Gambas) mixing it into action. This may be a sign for the person looking at some ancient style combat the risk while the rest of Europe are fixed in the clay and the reasons for modern conservatism. But it was not just that there was a real inspiration behind it. At the same time, Byron wrote a huge number of Don Juan. However, his end a little sad, but that's not the way it is worn. This is the essence of life of Byron: he may have had some strong emotional attachment (2: Augusta and Teresa), but every time he managed to reinvent itself for real. This means that it is "less than" was not the end of his life. - No, he did physical and mental trip that, at the time, few people were willing to do <br /> <br /> Interestingly ,, Why is it so often the second period in the life of Byron forget? Because it was less obvious conflicts, as the man was finally coming to their own? Paying attention to the years of plenty frustrated England scandals, we show itself is not much better than the English aristocracy at the time, which is so despised by Byron, and who, in spite of the fact that he had no choice, he willingly * * Running in 1816, to find a world that was modern and liberal enough to allow him to find the voice that will make him the first romantic poet open language and evolve from self-obsessed snob extraordinary man who moves forward with the cause.
