Just once I'd like to see a version of Beowulf, where it is the writers, at least, that passes familiarity with the original verses. But then again, after watching this presentation, Sci Fi, I'm disappointed. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that the authors need to understand and analyze the poem in Old English, but I want them to at least try to read the translation in modern English, and try to build a story based on the fact that actually it turns out. History quite exciting; why add story elements that do not exist and break this story? What happened to loyalty to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to the weapons of any kind; why introduce some super-crossbow, which is incredible and could not have possibly existed in this period of time (as the previous reviewer rightly pointed out)? Fighting against Grendel was Beowulf Grendel. That's all. No one involved in the battle. The only way to Beowulf could beat him was an option specifically deal with the monster without any weapons, a mistake made by all previous contenders. However, in this version, the Danes and the Geats to fight the beast and Beowulf Grendel breaks the arm with the ball! Again, why they could not imagine what really happened? Personally, I think that one-on-one fighting game between them will be much more exciting. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a miserable and unfathomable image that is erroneous to this story. Why add to the contract with Hrothgar and Grendel's mother, which includes the sacrifice? Why create additional characters like Finn, which add nothing to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They could not even set the scene at the appropriate places (instead of swamp forest and a den under the lake). They do not notice that the metaphor is the lair of Grendel ?? it should be under the ground to represent hell. Why not instead center on the symbolism inherent in the poem? Even my high school students last year were able to do very much better if they created a short film based on Beowulf, as they focus on the themes and symbolism, which are the basis of history. If Hollywood can make a movie that centered on these elements and is a true story, it will be a really great movie.
