Where to start? Anachronism? High-tech cross bow with an area of ​​approximately 500AD? The arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? Monster Grendel, who looks like Robocop and obviously never interacts with any of the weapons fired or swung against him? Heart is torn from the breast of his victim without any contact feelings? Perhaps blonde, who will fit in at a recent fashion show with her make-up and streaked hair? Ancient Danish court presented in a classical Greek style? Queen plays Syrtis longer tormented her make-up than madness? Effects are too weak to carry the story. There are a few stories that do not mind or even benefit from the cheap effects, but that Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What about the characters, who seem to jump into without the involvement of their motivation? Bravado idiot prince, whose house was torn more than ever, the monster Grendel seems to be less respect for the danger he faces than Beowulf, who had been sent far away from land in the Geats, desperate to help the Danes. At the same time, he feels more like an old western cowboy than any myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf story from the ancient era almost without literary tradition, and most of his feelings and his drama unclear. I suspect that any modern eloquence that does not attempt to penetrate the intellectual confusion must fail. I do not like the recent "Beowulf & Grendel," which sees Grendel's essentially how a person sees Hrothgar and his Dane too proud and stupid to recognize the attack Grendel, as well as the alignment of revenge, but I have to respect his revisionist position that Danes at Hrothgar were a bunch of macho thugs who never found, even after it was over, that they have brought this nightmare itself, and thus, the original story of Beowulf, this was written, there was a distortion of the true story. I think there is a more complex meaning to be understood than it is, but it's a terrible secret "Grendel," which Grendel attacks tied to previous human sacrifice is not actually brings us to the shame felt by Hrothgar and the Danes. <br /> <br /> This is Beowulf little to recommend it as a traditional myth or modern fiction. I give it a 4: more than he deserves, but there is always hope that a bad effort will pay attention to someone who is reasonable to tell the story. At the same time, film-making Sci-Fi, it seems to stick NASA policy, it is better to build a lot of probes, which are nothing more than a little what happens.
