La leech promote la Danza, or leeches Leads dance, I believe, is a common English name, is set to "Ireland" in the "1902" where the mysterious Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) invites you in the near future, to be out of the operation theater actress Evelyn (Patrizia Webley is Patricia de Rossi), and more of her three brothers quickly to be working with the actress Cora friends (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marcia Damon as Katarina Chiani) in his castle located on a small island off the coast. At first reluctant to Evelyn, but I am convinced that he has agreed to stage the hand, Samuel (Leo Valeriano) comes along as well. Once Marnack Count tells his guests that his father and grandfather, both cut off the heads of their cheating wives, using a ceremonial knife and there is a feeling of unease when it turns out that Evelyn looks exactly the same as the current wife of the Count, who ran away not long ago .. . Along with worrying about the pervert slaves it turns out that someone wants to use a knife to cut yourself some head ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo and totally full of shit, and from start to end. First things first, let's start with the name of criticism of the leech is dance, allows you to explore this name, because when I do, I feel a little cheated that they are not vampires or any form of blood-sucking Anyway, no one " is "anything at any time and there certainly is not any dance or dance, so do not expect any of these things. What you have to wait, but it's tedious, boring, boring little pointless «Giallo», which takes more than an hour before someone is killed and every kind of murder mystery begins to take shape, the first hour of the La leech promote la Danza as the plot is less and uninteresting somehow there. The best way to imagine it is to think of the sad soft core porn movie you've ever seen, and then cut a large piece of soft core porn and that just leaves a bad actor, bad dubbing, bad dialogue, a bit of a soft rod sex and lesbianism and absolutely nothing. Yes, it's really that bad. Elements of mystery shit people do illogical things without any reason and overly complex "twist" ending is just as bad as the rest of him, The Sixth Sense (1999), it is not so! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi does the job OK & La Sanguisga promote la Danza actually has a nice look and feel to it, even though this is clearly a low budget, I mean there's a scene where he It shows the "storm" raging outside the castle, but the footage is used in black and white! So that the film jumps from bright colors to black and white when it cuts in borax and color back again! There is one absolutely hilarious scene where the maid and her friend talk her breasts and she lets her friend feel them who is full of compliments, this scene so funny and just so unnatural that it is priceless and easy films best moments, even if a bad 70-porn dialogue will be confused! There is a minimum nudity and sex / lesbian scene is very tame. Forget about any blood or blood, as there is no other than Decapitated head. <br /> <br /> technical film very well, installation time and setting is really very impressive, although it's not massive in it does the job quite effectively. The film has a nice sense of color and excellent cinematography. The film is duplicated so that it is difficult to give an opinion on the original submission, but horrible voice actors and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La la Danza leech promote the terrible film, it makes no sense, he has virtually no history for an hour, that is perhaps the most confusing name ever, and it's really sad and sad with confusing silly "twist" ending. As for fans of horror to the Euro there are many much better movies than this is the case, please do not waste your time, how and for whom this is definitely one to avoid. General Note: the famous (and banned in the UK) Nazi exploitation / horror dismayed experiments last days of the SS (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp & The Beast in the heat was directed Luigi Batzella and he has quite a significant role as a police detective in la la leech Danza contribute.
