This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese film. And while I believe that the original film was very bad, it was done well a bit worse when the US-International Films movie hacked to pieces and putting in US production segments to fool the audience. Now that your audience does not include a complete idiot becomes painfully clear that this has been done - and done with little grace or care about the end product. The bottom line is that you have a lot of clear Japanese scene, and then clear the American scene, where the film looks quite different. In addition, they do not really have the American sense of the scene and consist of two different groups of people in the meetings just talking about Gamera - evil flying turtle! And although it is a fire-breathing, flying and destructive monster, there is almost no energy, because I believe that actors are just puzzled, being in this wretched film - in particular, veterans movie Donlevi and Albert Dekker. They both just looked tired and ill to-naturalness of what is. <br /> <br /> At the present time, as well as for the monster, this is not a standard Godzilla-like creature. Seeing a giant fanged tortoise draws his head and legs and start spinning in the air like a rocket cheerful. On the other hand, Crappy model planes, destroying the building and power plant balm, as usual, in this film, and it is not surprising. Plus the odd Japanese monster movie clichés is included that will be open to irritate the majority of non-Japanese audience, and it's "magical and premature little boy who loves monsters and believe in him." Yeah, right. Well, just like in Godzilla VERSUS can MONSTER and a few other films, you creep is annoying applause at the monster, but in contrast to the later incarnations of Godzilla, Gamera is good guy, and he is in the end the child is an idiot! Silly, exceptional bad special effects, which could be done better, on average, seven-year-old, bad acting, mindless American clips and sometimes reverse voice dubbing makes this wretched film. Ironically, while the majority will, of course, hates this film (and this stupid child), there is a small and very vocal minority who love these films, and compare them with Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe it - it's a terrible movie <br /> <br /> FYI - Apparently, due to its spectacular scenic, Gamera has been featured in several films in the 60th years, as well as some of the recent incarnations. None of them will not change the central fact that it is a fire-breathing flying turtle, or that movies really, really lame.
