Now the journey to a parallel universe, where the appearance of a giant prehistoric monsters leveling the city is a part of everyday life. It is the world Godzilla, kind, Mothra Ghidrah and their views - wonderful world, and one of the even stranger appearance of unidentified flying turtle named Gamera <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadows cast by Toho. studio, second stage Daiei Studios were more famous samurai saga than a monster movie. In the mid-60s, they decided to join the race giant reptile monster and developed a series of successful competitor mammothly Godzilla Toho in. They wisely chose Gamera as its leader - a giant turtle, which shoots flame between his Snaggle-teeth, and twist in the air, flames shooting through the leg opening of its shell (and at some point you almost see the papier-mache shell ignite! ). <br /> <br /> first Gamera film «Gamera Invincible" (as it was sold in the US) is a virtual mirror of the first Godzilla movie, only 10 years behind. US fighter jets chasing an unmarked plane over the Arctic his fiery death - a nuclear bomb on board ignited and awakens a giant Gamera from its icy slumber. Powered by nuclear energy, he immediately goes on a rampage, and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a little Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychic bond with a giant turtle, and even holds a miniature version of the aquarium by his bed, said Gamera, in fact , kind and friendly. He's like a little Jewish kid with Pinup Hitler. «Gamera GOOD turtle," he pleads, then screams, and puts on the face, like someone pooped in his coconut applause. Miracle world leaders listen to him, and so begins a Z-plan to save the world and Gamera from total destruction. <br /> <br /> Launched in 1965, Gamera was a surprise hit. Madden infantile anthropomorphism actually worked on kiddie audience in Japan and the US, as well as the views of the two Gamera feet stomp miniature Tokyo and the North Pole nice amount for a gift. The most amazing thing of all is the durability of the series: eight original movie Gamera, plus a host of recent remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptiles, whose only friend meow eight years shy - and I hear «Gamera friend of all children," one more time I'm going to crush Tokyo. Which seems to be an easy task in a parallel universe, where children are smart and turtles more than billboard Seiko in 1965 turtle Gamera Festival.
