With the growing popularity of today's iconic Godzilla series, as well as any event a hit movie, there is bound to be a crowd of imitators trying to capitalize on the success of a large lizard. With Godzilla Kaiju came the popularity of dawn (giant monster) genre. Many sought after success; few have received it. One of the few who not only profits, but also gained popularity was Gamera, a giant turtle, which can breathe fire and fly in and spewing flames from the slot in his armor as a means to jet engines. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera was sold as all other children, and then fight with other monsters to save the children at risk, and thus, Gamera has become very popular with the kiddies. Unfortunately, this is about the only wide audience that the original Gamera series will have any recourse. While the new Gamera movies directed by Shusuke Kaneko wonderful, revolutionary movie monster, original series, including the original, nothing special. <br /> <br /> The first film Gamera, named Japan as a "giant monster Gamera" Godzilla was clearly want to be. Despite the fact that the film was released in the era of color films, it was filmed in black white. Why? to simulate the first movie Godzilla from the 1950's. Gamera also attacked Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first film. I do a lot of the Japanese version, the version I am familiar with the Americanized version, which were cut scenes and new footage American actors were inserted do not know (it's a coincidence that the same thing happened with the pen yeah the movie Godzilla?) now, whether it adds or takes away from the movie, I can not say. But «Gammera Invincible" is really nothing more than a bulky hole that just runs together as a big turtle himself. <br /> <br /> «Gammera Invincible" is a very routine-oriented film. Symbols of stock standards of science fiction, the story of a senseless, Monster has no real motive for the attack on civilization, acting ridiculous, and so on and so forth. The only thing that distinguishes it from a series of Godzilla is the end of the film, but it is also the accuser, as a plan that eventually stops the riot Gamera is completely false and ridiculous. Now the rest of the film, and many of the other entries in this genre also fits this description, but it direfully heavy monster movie. <br /> <br /> And while Shusuke Kaneko later turn into an interesting Gamera monster with his trilogy in the 1990s, in the original series, Gamera was not an attractive screen presence. He was neither scary nor sympathetic. He just hobbling around as a small, swaying with each step, and miniature sets more knocks. As usual, everyone wants to kill Gamera for a small child (Yoshio Uchida, who left the county of loans, although it plays a "central role"), who thinks a good turtle Gamera, except. <br /> <br /> Most of the films in the genre, which is «Gammera Invincible" is a part of are an easy target for criticism, and this one is subject to additional pressure. Even in the company of many other imitators Godzilla, the movie Gamera Sun especially good input. And as far as my experience goes the movies, the other movies in the series, or how boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera will be filmed in color and go to battle with monsters. And, like Godzilla, he would get cheaper and cheaper with every film, until it was time to revive the series and make it serious again. <br /> <br /> That's weird. I usually recommend people stick to the originals and pass on remakes. But in the case of Gamera, my verdict is just the opposite. I urge people to watch in the 1990 Gamera trilogy directed by Shusuke Kaneko and miss the original series except, if you're interested. New films are inventive, well-made, exciting, and above all, fun. The original series a long stream of boredom.
