I tried. I really did. I thought that maybe if I gave Joao Pedro Rodriguez another chance, I could enjoy his film. I know that after watching O Fantasma I felt bad and almost disgusted to the core, but some of the reviews were very good and in favor, so I was like, "What the devil. At least you do not pay $ 10 at the Quad. Give it a chance ". <br /> <br /> Sometimes it's better to go to the dentist and ask for a root canal without anesthetic, to ease the horror so much pain. I often wonder if it would not be better to go back to his childhood and require their former bullies to really give it to me. In other cases, I often think that the world really is flat, and that if I was to sail far enough, I do not just walk away from it all, but provide clear again, and something evil, Lovecraftian thing snatch me from his 9000 tentacles and squeeze the life - and some French fries 1995 years, still persist in my esophagus -.? with me <br /> <br /> there's a reason for Odete I would say, not at all ... just maybe its creators believe that writing a story focusing on his Var 'yatstve (the one that makes Alex Forest to look Strawberry Shortcake) look not only scary, but flat out sick to the bone. she first decides to leave her current boyfriend (in the screeching hysteria), because she wants a baby, and he believes that they are too young. Later, she fails gay funeral, and - get this - in order to get closer to him, she feigns being pregnant, insinuating himself into the life of the mother and mistress of the deceased patients ways. Oh, sure, she screams like a banshee and throws himself not one but a good three times on his grave. And there is this ridiculous thing is that it is becoming "Pedro", which summarizes some weak-in-the-bad-tea explanations that love knows no gender. Or something. <br /> <br /> I would say that it is as nuts as banks cashews, unsalted. But then again, so is the director. And I was, for a chance at it. At least, the men look good. Besides ... not to many more to see here.
