The Last Station, a melodrama directed by Michael Hoffman of the last months in the life of Leo Tolstoy begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer), lives with his family in a compound in Yasnaya Polyana, taking a walk and write and be seen by his wife and his fans 'movement', a man loyal to the ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, abstinence and communal property, gathered not far away in the forest camp. His wife, Sofia (Helen Mirren), the war opened with the head of his movement Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), who, as it claims in its attempts to persuade the fat sign the rights to his work on the Russian people trying to steal the wealth that belongs to her of her husband's imminent death. Watching all this new steward Tolstoy, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive fan who is torn between his love for man and care for his wife. <br /> <br /> Hoffman script, which is based on the novel by Jay Parin, often turns itself in the foggy area, creating a complex web of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately do not resolve themselves in any satisfactory manner. The volume of the film is large and its history is to be displayed as well as Tolstoy, whose beliefs predicted in some respects, as the Bolsheviks and the pacifists, like Ghandi. This is, unfortunately, no, it's not-unpickable, increasing confrontations with the Gusto much that constantly ravelling off into oblivion. The three-way relationship between the Church, the exact Sofia Tolstoy and unbelievers, for example, is often referred to. In the last section of the film mute priest in a beautiful hat even shows up, but the script never stops in this transcendent uncomfortable inserting it into the story as an attempt to enrich his or providing some sort of historical authenticity. There are a ton of details in the film, but not enough attention is given to most of them, and as a result the film feels cluttered, congested, energetic, but, unfortunately, it is meaningless. <br /> <br /> At its heart is the love story between Sofia and Tolstoy, and this story, so heavy and compressed, as this is the reason to see the movie. Mirren and Plummer are, it is not surprising that the best things in the film. Plummer thick vague, confused right and determined, who is afraid and full of joy and confidence. Sophia Mirren in a complete panic, in a righteous lather, forced to watch and is expected to be dumb as her husband violates his time, his property and his money men who will undoubtedly devoted to him, but obviously at the disposal of their own programs, they are great performances, especially considering the huge gap between the real significance of the place couples in the history and the ability to support the scenario that, as Sophia Tolstoy seems bequeathed film Mirren and Plummer alone, so that makes can be better with the fact that the poor the material is. Giammati and McAvoy as talented actors are not able to do the same and Chertkov Giamatti seems to be neither a revolutionary nor a thief (but not both at once, either), and cipher, an understudy for the whole package of unresolved anxiety and interrupted historical impulses. The scale of this thing never comes to anything, it is the coupling together, getting by on the strength of Plummer and Mirren and not much else. It is interesting and beautiful, but ultimately unrewarding. 4.5 / 10
