It is incredibly overrated anime TV series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and his two classmates girls), which is piloting a giant robot to protect Japan from invasion by beings called Angels. There is very little explanation given to the angels, or why their number has increased in recent years, and they just seem to jump out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not to attack, rather than spaced out intervals that are convenient for the person you are trying to destroy?) . Robot fight scenes trying to use a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and sad to watch. Almost every episode seems like a waste of space where there is nothing interesting <br /> <br /> Someone might be intrigued by the supporters that mention (very few) symbolic links in this document, but that's all they are. - superficial one-liners religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly thrown in with zero skill. The whole series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of characters, which are not actually no more than a self-pitying crybaby. Psychology miserable, hopelessly simplistic conflicts as "I hate my father" is repeated again and again and again and again, without progression of their nominal value. It is not an understatement to say that these characters immerse this series of distracting mediocrity anger induces debris during the final episodes with their endless, angst-ridden denunciations unnecessarily repetitive babble unclear (some of which are completely pointless). <br /> <br /> I'm not kidding when I say that this series is just getting worse and worse as it progressed. Every day I look at the DVD set, sitting on my living room table and say to yourself, "Damn, I have to watch the next episode at some point. (Sighs) I just can slug through a different one evening. "The real kicker that the episodes were 25 minutes long, but they are some way deviate completely uninteresting borefest in the opening 10 minutes. This is coming from a guy who will happily sit through a 150-minute film of ice stimulation, so my criticism of this series, the most denounced indeed. <br /> <br /> Never in my life I despised watching the series as much as "Evangelion". I've bought it on the basis of all the bigoted comments on IMDb, and I certainly was not going to allow it to collect dust after spending my hard earned money. This was followed by 10 hours of pure, unsweetened torture. My love relation / hatred of anime turns into hate relationship / love then highly praised disaster <br /> <br /> «Evangelion" is all anime should not be -. A large number of dull, pretentious scar under the guise of intellectual cinema. Universal acceptance of this piece of shit is incredible; and ridiculous assertions fans that the series as "one of the greatest achievements of mankind" is probably the most stupifying comment I have ever heard on IMDb - and I've seen some Doozies.
