I sometimes see some of the show, because my wife is watching his time. I try to enjoy it is the main idea, which helps low-income families, but several factors that get in the way for me. Each episode has the same format, where many of the details seem quite script (which they are), and the tears are flowing, seemingly on cue. Trying to manipulate the audience with a mixture of emotional breakdowns and boring music a real turn on for me. The fact is that anyone who donates something in the house, whether it's Sears or one who should shut up himself for that generous and annoying. Probably the biggest problem I have with this all is that something that should be huge amounts of money, and a small army of workers is combined to create an amazingly over the top house for one family. Now I know that this amount of money is not nothing but a drop in the bucket for the Disney / ABC, but how much more could be done for the greater number of people with the amount that they put on a house? Instead of focusing on one family and make them all cry during an episode, why not help 10 families and show the highlights? Is not life complicated enough for the average person? Why do I need help finding things to be sad about, why not show something truly inspiring without being manipulative? I know that it is done for these families is good, but they are also used for evaluation. You can not tell me that they are not trained to cry sometimes. I think when I see that these people are moving into the house, the most hardworking people in the United States could not afford for their children it really bothers me. I can not help but think about what can actually be done with a small part of Disney money. Instead of giving each family member, a flat-screen TV and private bath or that tells you the water temperature and the escape from the ceiling, why not help more people afford food, clothing, education and medical insurance? I know that in this way we can have fun and wept. In terms of money, I feel the same about Oprah. I do not think anyone can really imagine the amount of money she has. Yes its recent reality show really good stuff, but when she gave $ 30,000 each lost a "contestant" I'm sitting here thinking ... this years salary for many, many ... if you're lucky. Do not get me started on the game show. So I understand that Extreme Makeover Home Edition «doing well», but excuse me, I see it as much as I was serving than it is in itself. There is someone out there that feel like?
