This film is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / GOD !! This is the same kind of juicy sanctimonious religious nonsense you get from those idiots who arched Competing for Jesus, or pump iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was completely polished, loved martial arts, and, of course, belongs to the full set of dumb bells. DUHHH! This film should be entitled "Tourism for Jesus" or something along those lines just to let the public know that the real purpose of this film is to convert people to Christianity, and indulge those whose brains are thoroughly washed in the blood of the lamb. This name comes from the Bible is clear when the head coach of reading the Bible and ask Jesus for help. Recent sports movie "Invincible" was 100 times greater than it was inspired by, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was just the desire and determination of the person with a dream. <br /> <br /> Any broad appeal as an inspirational sports movie, eventually lost among all the blatant Bible thumping and sanctimonious religious propaganda. It seems that the only message is the only way you can succeed and make a positive gain, if you accept Jesus as your personal Savior. But this is simply not true, and, therefore, be a lie perpetuated by those who believe that this is true, and we want to still believe in it. The image of the athlete's victory because of Jesus, when he wins immediately comes to mind. What does he do if he loses? There he cursed Jesus? Of course not! If he loses, Jesus is not responsible. Jesus is liable only if he wins. And the logic goes round and round, and it ends up exactly where the true believer needs it to be, every time !! I had to hit the pause when the scene with a coach to get a brand new truck came on, so I could stop rolling on the floor laughing my ass and catch my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it strange that most of the so-called "Christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from his "savior", especially when I see a Jesus fish on the back of a huge guzzle gas the SUV, which takes place with me, as I'm standing still. <br /> <br /> Another message is that this movie is that Jesus seems more concerned about the loss of the winning entries of the football team mediocre high school, he makes millions of starving children in the world. The final scene, where dangerous and uncertain goal kicker boots 51 yard field and it's swollen how incredibly improbable miracle to put the final gag me with a spoon religious red flag on this turkey. I only gave it three stars because the guy who played the black coach can really act.
