I scolded and despised fellow Christians for the formulation of my disappointment with this film. I get bullied statements like these: "I can not believe it's not like this was done very Christian!" "Every donated their time and no one paid for the film! This was done in the church, not Hollywood. We need to spend money on a movie like this! They are only $ 100,000 to make the film. "" It is a real church and Christian school in Georgia! The preacher wrote and directed it. "So, apparently, the reason why I love this movie just because of the way it was made, and the minimum amount of money that are used to make it, and that was done by Christians. That is all it takes for me to love the movie. <br /> <br /> Look, I got a movie without knowing anything about the background of the film. I never heard about it and had no idea - except football - what I mean. I watched it as I look at some other film and was disappointed. I was disappointed in the lousy editing and chrome scripts. I was very disappointed in the resolution after menopause. Do not worry. There were other cheap movies and other expensive because of the films that have earned less respect from me. This is not about making the film. This is the final product. <br /> <br /> The author acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to everything that we pray as we want, but he wanted to show, having faith, God changes our lives, for sure. However, God can change our lives, and we are still fruitless. God can change our lives, and we do not get a raise from our work. God can change our lives and our car is still the old clunker. God can change our lives and our home was still stinky. Why it does not reflect that in the film? Others expressed concern about the writer / director of the subject, but, apparently, he had to defend himself. <br /> <br /> I do not think that the effect was terrible, nor many of the landscapes. I like the idea of ​​going to God and the recognition of his great strength and our weakness. <br /> <br /> writing and direction were very weak. It is easy to distinguish, because many of the characters there is no development. All we actually get on the coach's wife, she is not pregnant (well, by the end of the film). It seems as if there was just a ball player who had the potential to be an interesting character, and was cut to pieces in the "I have a crippled father, and I can not play football well, but I'm going to kick the winning field goal, even though I never pushed the real purpose of the field before. " Another problem was the Christian school itself. Mmm, I worked for two Christian schools, went to one myself, and had a lot of nephews and nieces in other Christian schools. In general, I had some pretty close ties with about ten different. None of the problems that I've seen have not been solved in all these schools. I saw it as a completely surreal film about their school and wished them showed the human factor. It would be nice to see a dose of reality and how God can work <br /> <br /> I will close by saying that every work -. In writing or drawing or playing an instrument - shares the worldview of the artist. View of the world, which has been shown to me in this film is made up of "people who pray on the right track to win the ball game, get new cars, imagine when they could not, get a raise, and get them fixed home - all within a short time span. " I know. I have to love the movie just because of the sincerity of the people who did it. I think I must love this movie, because it was well done, and for no other reason.
