I watched this movie in the youth group, where my intuitive another youth leader and his wife squeed over it. Then some adult couple in church-related Christmas party misled into giving himself a copy of this film in every family in the performance of official duties, and now my house is stuck with a film (though, fortunately, still in shrink). I wept bitter tears over these sad events, and here's why: First: this film has good intentions, especially if you are a Christian, as I am. This film tries to show that you have to put your faith in God, and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, right? Eh. It turns out the problem - large. This film was made in the church, so, of course, each question must be regarded as tasteful Christians as possible. It's all black and white, no gray areas. grace and will of God in this movie is predictable thing and it comes immediately to everyone who ordered it. <br /> <br /> This is not the God I know. This is not a Christian life I am familiar with. God, I believe in a powerful and reliable God, but He is not one who gives my every desire. I follow him as best I can, but it happens often difficult; but the football team in this film is their humility and self-control is much easier than anyone ever find. I can not relate to the cardboard expressions that flip with a bad hand with a good hand for a few structured scenes of the film. And when I DO follow His commandments as set forth in the Bible, I certainly do not consider myself to be filled in the blessing, how to make these characters. The largest of my immediate benefits knowing that I did the right thing; everything else comes with a long, dirty, hard work <br /> <br /> But let's take the example of the film sets :. Grant Taylor coaches the football team in the strength of the Christian Schools, which had six losing seasons in a row. He could lose his job over it, and he and his wife enough money as it is. They want the baby, but the doctor tells him that he is sterile. Oh, and his car is not working. And the boys on his football team disrespectfully to his parents, whining after a million of losses and bad kicking field goals. This is undoubtedly one rundown community here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides that he would believe in God for everything! He passes on his faith in his team. So far, so good. Not long. When they begin to obey, blessing literally pour on them. Suddenly, the students stop disrespect their parents; the school has a great "revival"; the team starts to win in every game; they even win a major championship against heavy team in the league! Work Taylor coach calms; School gets its shiny new truck as a gift (which, incidentally, is the epitome of fine, good weather employers); he gets a boost; his wife (to receive it) even became pregnant by him sterile sperm! And that skinny kid manages to hit his first field goal of the damned in order, when it really matters !! Wowzers, Woot, yay, I praise the Lord, and so on, and so on !!! ... <br /> <br /> YIPE. Just YIPE. No one in my church never felt Christ in such a cut-and-dry method. Yes, there was a miracle in abundance in my family, as well as gifts and the convenience of being, and I attribute it to the grace and goodness of God. But God is not some kind of faucet that you turn on and off to be a good or bad! He largely secret; His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them, but you really are. It's a long, hard slog to the implementation, and things never turn out the way you thought they would. <br /> <br /> This film has good intentions. But because of its higher superficiality and total escapism, it is extremely tanks to 1/10. Bad acting and sports movie clichés seem to just pimples near leprosy deceptions that this film could not help pushing <br /> <br /> To all of you planning to make a film in the future churches :. Do not be afraid to show the real life, even you have to add some uncomfortable truths in the mixture. However, many people will be surprised by the low-lying this cotton candy treat, nobody knew anything substantial from him. Give us meat, bones, the real thing! True life belongs to everyone, not just Christians, and this is one aspect of "Facing the Giants" was unable to understand.
