Stuffed animals are one of those films that, with a little more action, a little more subtle and much more narrative logic, would be quite convincing, as a horror record. As it stands, it is still a terrible film, which has a solid make-up and gore effects, and the room, which supports the mood of terror, in spite of themselves. And hey, there's no teens do not kill one by one - just stupid adults, so it's a refreshing change of pace. And the storyline is remarkably similar to Dead Birds, with precipitation robbery, abandoned ghost house in the middle of nowhere, and demonic monsters. But just as the dead birds, adults still brainless, they run cluelessly before being killed one by one, and they ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> In the Scarecrows, though we never learn why the supernatural, and that supports the horror atmosphere. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very terrible; unless they look like Ray Bolger, of course. Escaping in a hijacked plane with a pilot and his daughter, after the robbery netting million, para-military clot double-crosses one of their own; a very nervous guy named Bert. He jumps out of the plane with a large and heavy box, which keeps money perhaps no plans on how to move it around as soon as he is on the ground. Being stupid clot, he was killed first. But not before he stumbles Fowler's residence, situated expected among a lot of really horrible-looking stuffed animals, and is surrounded by a wooden fence, surrounded by barbed wire and a variety of warning to stay away. And strange weather vane on the roof, with a pitchfork and a pterodactyl, was a warning sign, too. Inside the house is also quite foreboding (to us in the audience, anyway). <br /> <br /> It's a shame we have to listen to Burt in voiceover as he goes and comes across a mysterious key in an old truck in the yard. Path key pops up will be enough to get my pants - with me in them - flies out the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really love watching people's lips move on the screen, even if they are just thinking out loud. This helps to enhance the action, and gives the actor to do more than just look like something that says the voice-over. Bert hoists boxes onto a truck and makes his escape. Sure, why not? old trucks is always a lot of gas in them, especially with today's prices, and the battery? there is no problem. Now, I mentioned that Bert was stupid of the bunch, and that's why (in the annex to the above, of course). Wearing night vision goggles, to pass through the foliage, and find a home, he takes them to drive the car to the side, but instead turns on the headlights to see where he was going. Of course, the fraudsters still in the spot lights of his truck a plane and know where he is headed. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Determined. I do not know why he needed night vision goggles in the first place, as each scene is brightly lit, on the inside of the aircraft, it is the landscape and the house at night. The cinematographer was something. myopic, b. just out of school, or. deals with very cheap filmstock. <br /> <br /> Burt meets his end when the truck died in the middle of nowhere. Go figure it out. One very nice touch, and there is, I must admit that some of them in the film, is the fact that when he opens the cover of the truck, engine no. Creepy, to make sure that the (insert pants comment again here). History of logic fails when he died, is now stuffed like-a-butt-with-money-and-straw-Bert returns to the house. The rest of the bunch there, rough him up, and then realized that he was really dead, and was cut off and stuffed like a flounder with money and straw. Dead Burt still manages to put quite a fight though and grabs one guy in the mouth, pushing it through the window, causing him to bite off more than he could chew gorylicious scene. At this point, do you think they will be racing out of the house and back on a plane - but Noooo, they decided to stay and watch the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Burt dead episode is treated more as if nothing had happened, although one bright light in a bunch of really argue, "Burt walked around the dead, for all that is holy!» <br /> <br /> stolen money all of a sudden ' It appears on the ground outside the house, and careless crooks go for the bait. Soon, one of them, Jack is sent, and again the scene is well done and the terrible, involving a dull hacksaw and anethesia. Currently, there are three scarecrows are on wreaking havoc, and one of them are in need of hands, literally. <br /> <br /> If one of the crooks see Jack get stuffed and stuffed-ROSCOP, he starts to cry, run away like hell, and shooting guns in a typical paramilitary fashion. So much for all that shit under the pressure of learning. He meets with others and stopped in his tracks, to explain why he cries, runs like hell, and shooting a gun, even though the scarecrows seem chasing him. Again, the logic of the script thing ... dead and gutted, Jack returns to the house, and comes after a screamer with normal results. If you listen to the demonic growl of Jack, by the way, you can see, depending on your age, it is the same monster growls sound often heard in Lost In Space TV episodes. <br /> <br /> The last two survivors of the race away from home and back to the plane, barely escaping. But does not it? You have to watch the movie to find out.
