This movie was so bad, I do not know whether to laugh or cry. I had high hopes for Horrorfest that year, which was also the first year I attended Horrorfest, and I must say Horrorfest and all of his films take false advertising to a whole new level. Mad prestige advertisers, because I'm sure that they deceived many people spend money and see those films in the same year. Hamilton was easily one of the worst I have ever seen (the other ones I've seen, there were riots, Dark Ride, and reincarnation). Cover the film and the trailer made it seem like cannibals terrorize a neighborhood family, which I thought was rather interesting plot, only to be disappointed in the end discover that this is some sort of "coming of age" story about a boy's transition to being a vampire. That is why the drama prevails over any sense of horror in this film. And to make the story even more ridiculous, they are added to the set of horny twins who can not wait to take a "bite" one member, and some deadly creatures trapped in the basement, which, if I had found that "it" was no secret not been identified at the end of the movie, I would have left the theater halfway into the film. <br /> <br /> waste of time and money. Cut forty minutes of the film, and to do it in an episode of some shows like Smallville or Charmed and Supernatural, and would have received more praise than that. Absolute nonsense! So bad that two years but later, I have to go back to the IMDb and write a review about it, because it still stands in my memory as one of the worst films I have ever seen. In addition, while you are reading this, keep away from the rest Horrorfest films in the future. The most you could do is take them blockbusters or watch online somewhere. Horrorfest features films from independent filmmakers, who can not make it on the big screen, and all the crap about "things they do not show you in the theaters, "they did not mean the blood or guts, or horror .. . They were referring to themselves movies. Because they are terrible. Think Horrorfest as less known version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for a horror movie. <br /> <br /> Sorry for all the "hate", but next time think twice before you cheat the dresser of his money.
