Hamilton tells the story of four siblings Hamilton teenager Frances (Cory Knauf), twins Wendell (Joseph Makkelir) and Darlene (Mackenzie Ferzhens) and senior David (Samuel), which is currently a surrogate parent in charge. Movement Hamilton house lot, Franics not sure why, and dissatisfied with the way things are going. The fact that the sister and steal his brother, sharpen and killing people does not help in the basement of relax and calm the nerves Francis anything. Francis understands that something just is not right, and when he finally learns the truth things will never be the same again ... <br /> <br /> Co written, co-produced and directed by Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores Butcher Brothers (who only loan of another director of the film is still the Day (2008) Restore the April Fool, said enough), it was one of the "movies Die For» in 2006. After Dark Horrorfest (or whatever it's called) and in keeping with almost everyone else, and I've seen, I thought that Hamilton had complete and total bullshit. I found that the character really bad, very bad, and avolnaya touching story failed to capture my imagination or maintain their interest through it 85 and half a minute too long 86 minutes duration. There is a terrible twist at the end, which made me laugh, it's really great slow build up to what is inside the closet thing in the basement Hamiltons and is eventually revealed to be a little boy with a teddy. is that really should scare us? Is that really should shock us? This is really what we are supposed to talk about it, as the end credits? It is a harmless young boy looks best "twist" ending, that the creators could come up with? Boring story stretches forward, it is never clear where Hamilton to get all their money from buying new homes, as none of them seem to work (with the exception of David, at the slaughterhouse, and I doubt that paying a lot), or why they have not been caught until now. The script tries to blend into everyday drama with a powerful terror, and he's just doing a terrible job combining the two to such an extent that no aspect of a memorable and effective. Really bad movie that I'm struggling to say something good about. <br /> <br /> While it is written and directed by the extreme-sounding Butcher Brothers NO gore here, have a little splash of blood and a few scenes of girls chained in the basement, but nothing you could not do at home alone with a bottle ketchup and camcorders. The film is neither terrible, and since it has a suburban setting very average class has zero atmosphere or mood. There's a lesbian and offer incestuous kiss, but Hamilton low on the scale of operation and there is not much here for the horror crowd. <br /> <br /> The film is based in Petaluma, California has it that the modern low-budget look of it, it's not badly done, but quite forgettable. Unknown action (I) gypsum is nothing to write home about and I can not say that I have never experienced anything to anyone. <br /> <br /> The Hamiltons commits a mortal sin to be sad and boring from which he never recovered. Add to that the ultra-thin story, no blood, waste and ending character that you do not give a toss about & you have a film that did not impress me.
