Think about this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It's set in Hawaii, is an action / adventure criminal drama, a lot of scenes have boats and palm and polyester fabrics and catchy shirt ... it even stars on the character actor "Zulu" in a supporting role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes must be some front undercover agents, and the supporting cast is much smaller (and less interesting), but in general the atmosphere is the same. The problem is that, «Hawaii Five-O» (another QM product) already existed at the time and ran for many years. She filled the market demand for the Hawaii-based crime drama quite adequately. Code Name: Diamond Head can be conceived as a charterer to H50, as the old series eventually fell far ... but come across as an extra, 2 copies of the course. It does not suck, but it is completely derivative and personal, as well as the original does not do. <br /> <br /> There are some decent acting talent involved here. Thinnes old pro, and he gives the role his best shot, and it's not bad. But Thinnes only as good as its material and its director. Ian McShane is here as an evil master spy called "tree", and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor in every scene he appears. But he calls his part here. Frances Ngyuen reasonably exotic look, but its surprising skinniness, especially opaque, thick accent and wooden shipping Sun material of which are made Sci. Relying on it to put "romantic interest" Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least, for a series aimed at white audiences brought up with Marcia Brady and Peggy Lee as our love goddesses. Give it another 30 pounds a year with dialogue / voice coach, and she could cut it. Zulu, well, it is usually self - pleasant in small roles, but he is not a man who can function independently. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and dialogue strictly by-the-numbers, with nothing to distinguish them from any other production of Quinn Martin. And up to this point, the American television audience saw many whoooole QM manufactures .... I think that «CN: DH» was one too many, and it sank without a trace. It was not exactly blame the actors, and I hope they have moved away from this with a decent salary and another entrance on them C.V.s. <br /> <br /> MST3000 revived it for them treatment in its sixth season, and they had a lot of good-natured fun with it. To be found in this version, if you like the MST approach to japery film and pamphlet, but I can not imagine that someone cares about this pilot for any other reason.
