As already mentioned, this film is similar to the summer (both versions) and less well-known sci-fi wave of altered states. The big difference is that these two films were well done by people who knew what they were doing, and were good at it. METAMORPHOSIS do not have these advantages. METAMORPHOSIS potentially interesting history of science fantasy, which were not the same people who are responsible for it and the actors play the wrong role. <br /> <br /> The story follows a scientist, Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), obsessive man working on a genetic cure for aging and death. If the university he works threatens to cut funding, he decides to introduce an anti-aging serum itself. As a result, Dr. Hausman spends the rest of the film is slowly turning into a lizard. And oh yeah, watching the good doctor to go through the process of becoming, a lizard is a great joy. It really is that bad, it's good. Some lines are classic: "What was that?" "A Nightmare ... from the past!» <br /> <br /> Many of the reviews I read on this point before, how stupid and ridiculous in the past five minutes of this movie is. I just want to go ahead and spoil it: the good doctor goes on to be shuffling half-man, half-lizard thing to be, that it seems to be the man in the suit rejected by Godzilla when the police finally gun him down. In the final scene, some retroactive child seen with a small pet lizard, which he says will never die, and the heroine of the film, Sally Donnelly (Ekaterina Baranova), apparently decides that small lizard is the ultimate incarnation of Dr. Hausman . Then, the camera gives a close-up face lizard; This, I believe, the way the director to show us that the lizard evil. Yes, it's stupid, but I fell over laughing, so I can not complain. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie, because it was part of the shackle Classics 50 Movie Megapack, I bought. I am sure that many of those who read it did exactly the same thing as 50 package is the only way to see this film on DVD. If you recently purchased a boxed set and not seen the movie yet, is it really worth your time, even if I only spoil the ending for you. In addition, one would find the movie online for free.
