"Metamorphosis" to keep a tiny religious value, simply because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian guy more or less the embodiment of man's immorality and played a major role in pretty much every production rancid Joe DAmaty during the late 70s / early 80s. Would not it be interesting for the ardent Euro-cult shoppers have only film director guy who walked around naked intervened in the "Erotic Nights of the Living Dead" all the time? I thought so! Now, unlike the movies he starred in, his own "Metamorphoses" Eastman is a kind of disappointment in the gore and sleaze departments. There are some nasty murder, cheesy effects, monsters and naked female bodies (as a guest on the cheap queen Gemser!) On the display, but it's mostly Communicative cinema. Handsome and eloquent Dr. Hausman is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough with his research on the DNA codes of the human, if suddenly the university he works threatened to cancel their funds. He developed a theory to decode the genes and block the process of human aging, but if it does not come with a detailed report in the near future, his investigation will be terminated. So Dr. Hausman does what any reasonable scientist would do, and injects an untested serum in his own veins. Needless to say (and, as the name suggests), it slowly turns into a bloody monster that in fact aging much faster! In other words, his research sucked! As other reviewers have mentioned, this film "borrows" a lot of ideas from David Cronenberg's "The Fly" ?? Drama Novel south plot included - but it does not add to the originality of its own. The big difference is that you constantly feel a connection with the character of Jeff Goldblum in "The Fly", while Dr. Hausman becomes another monster who must be destroyed as soon as possible. Aspect rapid aging syndrome also reminded me bored undervalued Giallo «Phantom of Death" Deodato, only the main character in this film has inherited a disease and does not put it on yourself. Physical deterioration of media are very similar in both films, though. A little scary or excitement to discover here, and the film features loads of bad acting, bad lighting, lousy editing and totally delayed menopause to download. You can skip it.
