If you have a bad day or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that will make you laugh and forget about their troubles. I do not think, Role Models, the film for you. <br /> <br /> The film centers around Denis (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) two juice promoters who go to school promotion of the product, let the children stay away from drugs, and more juice. But Danny having the worst week ever, and applies it to the car company, with Wheeler on the seat next to him. His soon to be ex-girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer, manages to avoid jail time by doing hours of community service, volunteering in the big brother site called Strong Wings, led by Gail (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), who is 10 years old and has a bad mouth him Chris Rock. Denis assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse), who loves to dress up as a knight, and fight it in medieval times. But whether it will be good for Danny and Wheeler, or they will be better in the prison? <br /> <br /> Well, I will not beat around the bush, this film was a very unpleasant in many ways. That is the nature of Ronnie heard these bad words coming from a child that young, was very shocking. If he was a little older, he would not mater'd same. I mean that when they think of his parents when they sign'd it to do so. Elizabeth Banks character so unwatchable, maybe I should feel bad for her character, but I do not feel anything, because it annoyingly predictable portrayed as a woman who would be playing in these types of comedies. And Jane Lynch, who is the worst of the worst. It provides maximum performance replays ever. Playing a former drug addict who acts like she is still on medication. Listening to her give all that annoying dialogue that made me throw my head against the wall. Seann William Scott has once again played another Stifler, as a character, he has to try very hard to separate themselves, and this film will not make it. The more Scott tries to hard to be funny, that's what keeps him from amusing. <br /> <br /> Currently, Paul Rudd, on the other hand, I will separate from the rest of the film, because it manages to deliver high performance, though it does not get more high-pitched laugh, but he was the most interesting character from the others. Reason Rudd Sun replay, and not try so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are watchable. But the rest of the film is so stupid he picks up at times. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. This is a reminder that these types of comedies do not try anything new, everything is the same, they do not take any chances. Role Models is an example of this.
