. (Only minor spoilers, except as noted) <br /> <br /> I have enjoyed a lot of Spanish cinema in recent times; the actual Spanish cinema people like Almodovar, and Latin American cinema directors like del Toro, whose magnificent "Devil's Backbone", set in the Spanish Civil War, was the best film of the last decade of horror. It is not surprising that this film as well-made, well-acted, and managed to keep that differs markedly Spanish atmosphere. But it is also, as unpleasant and pointless film as one would hope, not a must see. <br /> <br /> What exactly is the purpose of all this? We have no idea what caused the terrible central character, to become a killing spree at him, despite the fact that a large number of descriptive announcer pictured right with his own narcissistic magazine. The sequence is usually an unpleasant discovery, more than ten years ago, we see that the main character kills his girlfriend in a rage of jealousy and control-freakery ( «?? if I can not have you no one can. ??"). Ironically, this is probably one of the best sequences in the film, but it has no significant bearing on his subsequent fatal fun, which is quite different in motivation and performance. What happened to him in prison, to cause this change? We have no idea, although we later discover how absurd race back the amount that he received his law degree while incarcerated. <br /> <br /> In the UK, some of our famous "serial killer" or "sex killers" of the case, there is a terrible question; What about his wife? Does she know or suspect what is going on? This is a question that this film could have asked for, and in fact the wife starts to really emerge as one of the most intriguing characters. But banal, the answer to this question is quite clear: "No, she did not." Even if the possibility of dramatic, as it is presented on the plate, the film still manages to bungle it. All we actually get, casually sketched in the end, is it a little immoral ready to cash in on the income after the event. Compare this with a terrible revelatory moment in ten Rillington Place, where his wife Kristen says. "You know what I mean ??" The same sealing their fate and allow us to look into the unimaginable Shaken crack suppressed knowledge and horror. <br /> <br /> (Major spoiler at this point). At the same time, we have to believe that a criminal mastermind killer himself who thoroughly outwits the police, thereby providing the shortest of incarceration in a psychiatric hospital before being released so that he can kill again. How exactly does it do this? Plot becomes too fragmentary at this point; something to do with the intention of leaving some clues for the police; but how it all works and why, or how the subsequent trial actually happens remains a mystery. <br /> <br /> In fact, I do not think serial killers, like this. Silence of the Lambs can be comic material, but ?? Lecter in the direction ?? he gets it correct serial killers. They deeply angered deeply dysfunctional, inadequate people deeply; Sun crawling charming mastermind presented here (closely linked to the equally implausible respectful killer The Last Horror Movie, even if Man Bites Dog, though it seems, was not really noticed that it was a satire). <br /> <br /> This film has little suspense and intrigue spoils the little story could be generated. It does not have anything useful to say about the motives of serial killers as a rule, either in a specific cultural environment of Spain. It is not nothing but a poorly constructed an excuse to show some pretty sexist violence to women. And it is strange that makes the violence even more off-putting to some important nerve failure, even in the way it is presented. Soft core character that really shows just makes it seem even more repellently titillatory. Only one clear shot, properly timed, would be much more shocking, and would have done everything else is totally unnecessary, freeing up more time to flesh out the film gaping holes in the plot and characterization. Instead, we just get endless shots of young women vulnerable spreadeagled on the table are pretty, but a little revealing underwear. Very, very badly. I apologize for being rude; I love horror movies, and can tolerate even the most extreme, to the extent that even the worry of my partner. But I think that anyone who thinks this movie is good or interesting, even I found myself edging on. The purpose of the horror film to scare you; it's just raunchy. <br /> <br /> It leaves a very nasty taste in the mouth for sure. I have to give this movie more than one star only because it is well-made, but morally he does not deserve any at all, and should never be made.
