The disappearance is located in the Mojave Desert, Jim (Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey), and their two children, Kathy (Beis Aherne) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) together with Ethan (Jamie Croft) are a friend of the family travel by, they stop at a roadside diner and ask about the old desert mining town on the map called Weaver. No one claims that he had heard about it, but it is definitely there and the family decided to take a detour to check it out and take some pictures. Once in town, they take a few pictures and look around, but when it comes time to leave your car will not start, and they need to spend the night there. While looking back they find the videotape camera, they play only to find footage frightened woman says all her friends have disappeared the next morning and the car disappeared as things take a very ominous turn. What is the secret of weaving? Will there ever Henley leave there alive ... <br /> <br /> Written, co-executive producer and director Walter Klenhard I have to say that the disappearance is one of the saddest movies I have ever watched. During the first 85 minutes, it was a very good mysterious mixture of thriller and horror movie, but then we were treated to one single worst endings ever in the history of film. Scenarios offer a lot of different things, but never elaborates or confirmed and I was sitting there really intrigued about what was going on, from the family car of the mysterious disappearance of the last four tombs thing in the abandoned mines, supernatural sand, sudden and inexplicable disappearance of Ethan and its just as inexplicable appearance of sinister motives sheriff compass in the car is going crazy, crashed aircraft, denying citizens Weaver existed and the possible side effects of the neutron bomb in the fall near the Weaver in the 40s but ie they are thrown out of the window and all we know, may have been totally separate random events. Everything was coming along nicely and it was created for a large twist revelation, but none followed, and instead I was treated to the most controversial, strange, surreal and does care about ending possible. If nothing else is contrary to the end of a lot of what it was before, and leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. It's almost as if the producers had these great ideas, but did not know what to do with them and just did end up on the spot. I just felt that I put so much effort to watch a movie, which can be quite slow sometimes without any reward and actually ending felt like a kick in the teeth, or a good two-finger salute! <br /> <br /> Director Klenhard does a reasonable job here, an old ghost town has a certain atmosphere & great wide desert places give a good sense of isolation. It is well done, but the fact that they thought that the end? Nothing fits, anything does not make sense, and it's just so frustrating mess that after sitting through things for almost an hour and a half leaves you confused and want to know more. Despite the fact that the horror is no blood or blood, although there are one or two terrible moments here and there. The film is actually reminiscent of The Hills Have Eyes (2006), a remake for the most part, this is what the film is set to be in front of a bizarre finale that will do nothing to bring closure to any film. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, locations and cinematography. Set in America, but was shot in South Australia. It acts differently from decent actors. <br /> <br /> The disappearance of this really strange movie for a long time, it is shaping up to be a neat horror thriller mystery, but he never says anything that happens and really surreal ending just throws up more questions than answers. I really can not see anyone making head or tail of this, I can not.
