This production never got off the ground for me. The plot is so cut up to be incoherent and production is so short that if you have not read the novel or seen the best adaptation (eg, in 1995, one of Amanda Root) you're going to be a little lost, because there is no time for character development. <br /> <br /> I loved Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest of the cast fell quite short, that they should have been. Mrs. Croft was too old, like older sister Ann Elizabeth. Mary uttered all these pulsating accents that were lost overall irritability and selfishness of her character. Much better was Mary Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and a sense of hard use so well established by that time, Wentworth suggests Anne stay with the victim, Louise and Mary argues that it, as well as sister Louise-in-law should stay instead you can "imagine anyone less suited to this. In this version, it can also remain as it is not sufficiently differentiated from anyone else in the industry. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones a pleasure to watch, but he did much better than St. John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because the character requires less the estimated depth of feeling. I agree with the comments made earlier about the guitar scene: it seemed more like he was trying to get rid of Anna, what do her a favor. Similarly, the scene of the accident: it happens so quickly and with so little context you're wondering what all the fuss. And move it, Wentworth was listening in the novel at the beginning of this production is a major mistake, which contributes only sketchy script. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was light. Sometimes all it was like a scene from CSI morgue - very, very blue. Other times the lighting was so bad that it was difficult to see the stage very well, as when Ann visited her school friend, Mrs. Smith (which, incidentally, should be more or less paralyzed. After its launch to Anne on the street to tell her about terrible nature of Mr Elliot was a violation of that for a moment I could not think who she was - I thought she was one of the girls Musgrove and it may also have been .. all the girls were pretty much interchangeable). And working the scene at the end ... in an epoch when the relevance was held in high esteem, it is difficult to imagine the gentle Anne tearing all in the bath, like some crazy fight. How stupid can you get? It's too bad. Sally Hawkins had all the makings of a good Anne Elliot, but it was quite lame or poorly written and overly truncated production.
