I really do not want to see this. It seemed that the old Raj Kanwar film, which disgusts me even before I started to look, because I do not think it is even close to mediocre as director. The only reason I took this, obviously, the appearance of Shah Rukh Khan in the film. I did not even know that the film is because I was sure that it would be just an ordinary tale. So I just imagined the story of love between Shah Rukh Khan and Bharti a significant support role by Rishi Kapoor, who I thought I would play her father or uncle. And to my utter shock, Rishi Kapoor is really a hero! He is the one who romances a young Divya! I was disappointed to learn that Shah Rukh was not a small part of the substance and that too, only in the second part of this idiotic movie <br /> <br /> Just let me repeat the question :. Why 17 year- old beautiful Divya fell on the 40-plus long hair, puffy, swollen pig as Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to accept this part; the only thing he did ridicules himself. He courted a girl who can logically be younger than his own daughter and to make matters worse - acting as a teenager in his forties. Also, just to make themselves more deplorable, it plays a pop star ... <br /> <br /> In order to make things clear, I have no problems with the actors take care of the house is much younger than themselves. By the time they make a convincing couple, there should be no problems. In fact, the leading actors have always been cast opposite a young girl (Amitabh Bachchan, Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty, Madhuri Dixit, Shah Rukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan Sneha Ullal) and made a pretty good pairing. Besides, I have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he's a good actor, and his action in Bobby's still well preserved in my heart, but it does not mean that it looks in the movie, like, say, Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan or Aamir Khan look today. <br /> <br /> It was such a disappointment. Oh, and as for the reason, each person actually watched this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He succeeded in a very small part of it has allowed him to do. The late Bharti made a promising debut as well. If you want to see this movie, are only in the second half. Personally, I would not do even that.
