I'm not one of those people who will go to the movie, which was based on the initial material and automatically say, "The book was better." I know better than to lower the value of the film because he was not faithful adaptation. There is a long process and a lot of decisions that go into making movies that are sometimes out of the control of the director / editor / operator / manufacturer and, of course, from the original author's control. Therefore unreasonable to expect the movie exactly the same, word for word, like a book or a play or a video game or a Disneyland ride, or whatever! The film should be judged by its own standards, and how it fits into society. In addition, a successful film should be done, because the material is relevant to the community to which it belongs and, if it is based on the source material, its relevance should be reviewed and reinforced filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Such films as There Will Be Blood to follow this paradigm, because while it was based on a novel at the turn of the century, oil! He feels ratio due to such things as war and power the problems of Iraq, that the country of origin of the film, the United States, and were going through. Even King Kong, based on the original film, the benefits from the use of new technologies and problems of animal rights that people have. <br /> <br /> With that said, I just do not understand why they did not even bother to make this film? Furthermore, great performances are guaranteed Oscar nods and director / board writers in Shengli and royalties it receives, this film seems out of nowhere. He should just stay in the game. The film (which is essentially the same as the play) does not say anything new about the perverse sexual atrocities, and in many cases, provided by the Catholic Church and abroad. He does not say anything new or different from the original game. I can not help but compare this movie to another movie that came out around the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on the play. Frost / Nixon, while about Nixon Unfortunately, it seems appropriate, because it seems that at a time when President Bush is going to leave his post. It regrets that Nixon, as shown in the play / movie about the war and his presidency could just as easily be displayed on Bush and his presidency. In this regard, Frost / Nixon, seemed more appropriate and actually benefit from wider distribution through the film, because the people who speak and reflect on the political status quo in the country at the time. In contrast, Doubt I felt like it was yesterday and the news did not seem to offer anything that the game does not offer. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film is "good" performances are outstanding, and adaptation of appropriate script, but what? Why not just stay in the game? Why, apart from marketing and financial reasons, to make it in the movies? He did not give audiences nothing new about throwing a terrible topic.
