Oscar season has arrived it means to kill those of deep attraction, the power of the ensemble films in all cinemas in the hope of getting an audience and being able to make the best film in the big show. Among them is the film, which is based on a very popular and well-acclaimed games. The original playwright was actually a writer and director of the film adaptation; which comes as a double-edged sword. On the one hand, who better to translate the play than the original author? On the other hand, who is better not to see the mistakes and shortcomings of the game and fix them than the original writer? Doubt blends excellent acting and a lot of tension and suspense; a depressing ending, unnecessary dialogue questionable directing, and, of course, the failure to provide substantial answers. This is a growing trend among these "large caliber" movies, not to answer all the questions that he gives, and this must stop. <br /> <br /> The doubt jokes without raisin, like a book with the final 20 pages are missing, how to lose reception, watching the fourth quarter of the hotly contested football game, and as not having the 50 cents, to continue to play arcade games and see what happens next. Doubt as the previous best film frustrationfest no old, in fact, does not end; it does not give us a significant answers and does not deliver enough for us to figure out the ending. Yes, that's the goal, but this is not a test of humanity, this is an excuse. I do not pay money to see the unfinished work, I pay money to see the beginning, middle and end, and pray that you do not sleep for three acts. We are forced to become "writers" of the film, filling in the blank yourself to what was before and what will happen with the characters we have seen screaming at each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama about a nun (Meryl Streep), who seems to be very confident that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) makes sexual to a child who goes to church; the first African-American boy in the Catholic Church. Church secretly torn, whether or not he or does not commit heinous sins behind each. The plot thickens, as some children begin to behave differently, which attracts the attention of a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story is set just after John F. Kennedy's assassination which shook the country for quite some time, and questioned their faith in humanity and in each other. <br /> <br /> The doubts come in strong ensemble cast and constantly interacts suspense that builds slowly and never boil away. Streep seems to be Oscar worthy in every role she is, and then it is no different, as her rigor and heartless behavior put a blanket fear of all the students and some of the staff members in the church. Hoffman once again surpasses as priest, by successfully engaging suspicion with a charming personality and friendly aura. It would seem hypocritical personality is difficult to implement, especially if we assume she loves him and talk about him at the same time; but Hoffman steps up to the plate with one of the best actresses of our generation and delivers fantastically. If these two argue that you can hear the fireworks fly, without seeing each run. But let's not forget, Amy Adams (the Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law Order ads) for their excellent work either. Doubts cast ensemble is one of the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as noted earlier, it is the writing and direction that the ruins of the film, especially when exhausted down the third act. Questions surfaced, but they did not respond. Symbols pop, but gives no real gain in the side portion. Children behave different, but we never really find out why. There are awkward corners in the chamber-work ?? and ?? there is no actual reason why. John Patrick Shanley, author of the play, there was one last film in his directorial repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Be clear audacity or stupidity, we're stuck seeing exaggerated sequence of random conversations, full of annoying chatter that annoying without end (There was a two-minute conversation about coffee and how much sugar the priest wanted to) thank Mr. Shanley. <, Br /> <br /> The result: no endings stupid trend that just as annoying as seizureific camcorder works in action movies. It is not important that we have a great cast of talented acting, cinematography, or decent, or good story being worked on, or a good use of sound and music; because we have a barrage of unanswered questions that are sprinkled throughout the film, which is over 100 minutes had not even finished! Translation of the game in the movie is good and pretty accurate, because we have the original crazy ?? behind the project, but it took the stupid mistakes and hiccups from the game to the film as well. This decade has not seen its share of blockbusters and high-profile films that could get a much higher rating from me if they had simply decided to add a few more minutes of video, and in fact the end: the side, Outcast, no old, Burn After Reading some examples <br /> <br /> Newsflash :. finish stinkin 'movie. Please, or at least provide a good number of tips for us to easily fill the gap (eg, depressing backstory Wall-E), instead of staring straight ahead, as loans suddenly start to grow, and you are left with a feeling of emptiness, confusion and mental anguish. There is a beginning, middle and end please !! As a critic, I prefer my films to be whole and not complete. Doubt feels incomplete, so it gets incompetence assessment. <br /> <br /> Someone must break this stupid trend.
