Intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) was sentenced to death and waiting execution on a spacecraft intended for all this. But today, there will be an escape from prison and flees to Kol conveniently located escape pod and fly to the Earth (which is apparently close). There he encounters a group of "young people" (which look thirty) and Huntsman (John Phillip Law), which help protect it from the worst nightmare ... a mercenary and executioner android (or more correctly "gynoid"), the transferor. <br /> <br /> from the cover of the box, I was sure it must have been a terrible film. But as bad as it turned out, it was a ton of fun, and also (probably at least in part, because I was watching it with someone who happens to be a strong country). Director (Fred deer Ray), which specializes in the production of more than one hundred films of low-grade (first «Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers»), doing what he does best, and throws together a plot that only half makes sense and gives us the rudimentary special effects. Bonus: a P.J. Sole (like "Tara"), apparently in his career low point <br /> <br /> Of course, there are plot holes .. Why there highlander cattle in California (Los Angeles, supposedly, if I understand correctly, the caretaker ). What are sticky blouse cosmic woman? Why podagovor the captain of the ship by force tries to win her heart as the story goes nowhere? What traits «Quadrant 5"? Like chicken wire creates an electromagnetic field that will not short-circuit the android as landmines do almost anything? Why Kol look like a drunk Indian footballer with emphysema? And Lund guy (Robert Clarke) ... makes his character even makes sense? In the game he plays with the captain is the point? Do you have a point of this movie? But the biggest mystery android (or gynoid) the transferor played Teagan Clive. What is the "transferor"? Why it looks like Daryl Hannah in "Blade Runner", only much more? Because, you see, if something is a cyborg, it is part of human. But if it's an android, all this machine. It was an android, so that there was no reason to make him a man. It might look something. However, the man who designed it made it the size of midfield, with David Bowie hair and tights, which shows me just a little too much. If you are going to make a female android, not a goal is to have it be seductive and luring enemies? Mission failed. They say that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I found a huge exception. <br /> <br /> If the «Mystery Science Theater 3000" are still around today, this film will be a very short list of films that need to get admonished. <br /> <br /> for butt-backwards transferor (sorry, Teagan, female gross weight lifters), the film is good. Maybe it's not a big part of the story and perhaps the characters are actually not very interesting. Or maybe the scene with deer incredibly fascinating for no particular reason - what use does a killer robot with a deer? But overall, I really liked the movie. I will not pimping it to your friends or ends at my local video store to pick up the latest copy of the DVD (which I'm sure it's just packed with amazing features - no). But I think seeing the movie this time well spent and is looking forward to these adventures in the future.
