It is one year before the OCA wolf SS Bleksneki could have easily called by Susan, wolf plantations and this is probably inspired by the manufacturer of the Nazi sexploitation epic to go ahead with its more infamous films, because the stories is identical: a great, horn, head strong (but silly) blonde woman humiliates and kills a lot of people under its control, which everyone hates her and want her death. Sounds familiar? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, producer of the ILSA flicks, are good friends, and they began their career together. So, obviously, there is a connection there. Looking at Bleksnekah, I can not help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to move on and do something else than his typical big-breasted woman epic because XXX movies were all the rage in the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer films, although filled with nudity and violence and excesses, it was never even close to the real porn. His films began to look positively quaint next to Deep Throat and other malicious porn blockbuster. Meyer knew he could not compete with such films and Bleksneki outcome Varieties such a dilemma in his career. He clearly wanted to expand into other uncharted territory. But Bleksneyk bombed on back order and quickly returned to Meyer to make the type of fox films that, even if they have not yet been pornographic, they are definitely more over-the-top than any of his previous films. <br /> <br /> This is not surprising Bleksneyk BO was refused. It's just awful. Trash-o-Rama. Jaw-droppingly bad. This quasi-mannerisms take into slavery, if you can imagine that. The end result of vibrations. One minute we are in a typical territory Meyer: exuberant, playful and silly, and then the next minute, super serious reflection on slavery and violence. And? It just does not work. Aspect of slavery / racism is woefully inadequate and turns this film in this category use. But Bleksneyk not as sleazy as ILSA SHE WOLF SS and those kind of movies, so I think the supporters of the latter were disappointed by this, that would explain the almost lack of interest in this film is out of service supporters or fans Russ Meyer, Meyer blames failure Bleksneyk, because, and I quote, "it did not have enough breast in it." Well, I'm sorry Russ, but the film is just a bad chest Do not have breasts. But he was right, although the low quota chest. Anouska and maids for the exception, the cast of the film is a man. Meyer replaces his usual collection of great mladentsamov miser with the crowd with a massive print, in the form of anonymous black actors playing a servant and a great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with the right hand Anouska circle, which is depicted as a ruthless but intelligent gay man who loves power it has over people, one can only wonder that Meyer was really trying to create here. <br /> <br /> Bleksneyk stars Warbeck, who asked for Anouska and her right hand. Poor David. He looks very confused the whole experience. He seems to have the pleasure to make a movie, but you can clearly see that he does not have time to time, no idea of ​​what was going on. And then there Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... to the 1970s, not the 1870s. With her makeup and hair, she looks like a typical 1970s Brit pin-up is small than the turn of the century dominatrix. And her wardrobe fun. At one time, she actually unzips his leather shoes! I do not know what they were lightning in those days. But the character she plays, in itself, is really degraded (no pun intended). She's nothing but a cipher to the object of desire and contempt of every man (and woman) on the island. For example, one night, when David and Anouska get it, it irritates the slave owner walks into the room, knocking David unconscious and attempts to rape her, groping her savagely. The next day, the slave owner is still working on Anouska and two act as if nothing had happened. This is absolutely ridiculous. Under any circumstances, if her character was a real person, it would be meaningless Anouska whipped a slave owner, and pushed his butt off the island. Or even kill him. But the fact that the woman holds it to his plantation after he tried to rape her sip a flimsy story and characters credulity to the max. <br /> <br /> absurd details like this, and carefully mark the strange angle of blaxploitation Bleksneyk strange unpleasant, but watchable film. Watchable in various train wreck. I just could not help but watch the movie for sheer unfounded aspects of it (excellent cinematography sorta makes it easier to see). Thus, it is the future exploitation of the film, I believe that it was possible to do what he had to do. But Bleksneyk mainly for Russ Meyer Completists.
