At the time when the constitution and the principles of the United States were based on the trampled under the feet of administration, desperate to distract attention from their internal problems, in which the Geneva Conventions, human rights and the sovereignty of foreign inexcusable discarded, a thriller about the state taking illegal actions, much higher than the terrorists they deal with may seem appropriate. However, if you want to see a movie that, try Ed Zwick disadvantages siege instead because NADA is one of the most infantile "political" thriller ever made. Robert Altman Pret-A-Porter, the director took on the subject, he seems quite ignorant about, and puts his ignorance on almost every shot <br /> <br /> His terrorists wildly unconvincing group stereotypes. - Fabio Testi dress, as if he was listening to MAD Magazine «Spy vs. Spy »band Dyushossuo behaves as absurd KIDS in the room to send a sociology professor from hell, Mariangela Melatiah cardboard wannabe middle-class revolutionary - who behave in every flimsy story all its own, as if they want to be caught. Corrupt government fare a little better, but still painted in broad strokes unconvincing. <br /> <br /> You can make an intelligent film about stupid people (cf. elections), but it's a stupid movie about stupid people are made by people who think they are intellectuals who talk down to the masses. In fact, it was one to recast Testi, Duchaussoy and Melatiah Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, the result will actually raise the intellectual content of the film, not lower it. <br /> <br /> Chabrol may just run away with their heroes and events, when he took them seriously, but its production is so incompetent (fight scenes uncomfortable kindergarten class during shooting kidnapping more inappropriate than the actual kidnapping) and inability to get his cast to perform at least some approximation known human behavior is so outrageous that it's really a shame to see (any special needs to be done here Duchaussoy: so very well in Chabrol QUE LA Bete MUERE, he stunningly bad here in performance, so far over the top of it again) <br /> <br /> Chabrol made some great movies, but you'd never guess from this amateur mess. - new to his work would never want to see another of his films after that, that it would be very embarrassing. Complete nonsense, and a sad waste of potentially interesting material. One star out of ten - and it was very generous.
