I watched a few episodes of the show and found some of its elements, to be quite interesting, given the medical facts that can be retrieved. But this is completely upstage and defeated Infinite immoral relations show characters. Everything seems to be slept with almost everyone, even during working hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There does not seem to be a solid, strong marriage or relationship throughout the show - everything is broken and hunting - is unlikely to be a real reflection of all Americans. Indeed, there is a complete lack of respect for marriage or monogamy, and it's really disgusting. <br /> <br /> Then we are presented with endless small moral dilemmas "," and they are usually solved in a way that detracts from anyone who does not agree with the management body of an omniscient and employees in private practice. For example, in one of the last episodes we presented an extremely rare case when a child who is born with indeterminate sex and Addison absolutely refuses to perform the operation, because we have to allow the child to decide its floor later, one who disagrees with this is referred to as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think that someone is against abortion offended at how show treats on-Lifers. Addison made the comment that no one had the right to have an opinion on this matter and only one black character was given to the dignity against abortion on moral grounds. It is generally believed that if you're against abortion, you're a freak - a little popular sentiment in the United States. The two main characters in the show happily noted that they had abortions when they were younger and had no apology or regret, despite the fact that research has shown women may feel very depressed. The younger woman comes to the clinic for an abortion, and then thanks the staff on the way, and someone says about it, as they help to this young man, and it was like that to win. The script can be written by Planned Parenthood. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a cheap show, that lacks a lot of the future, if he decides to present a more real relationship, not just absolutely incredible soap opera attitude and frivolous medical situation throughout the whole show.
