Choke begins as rock band known as Choke prepare for a concert in a nightclub called "club 905" owned and operated by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Lead singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to inform other members of the group, bassist London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson), that they are both going solo and their services would no longer be required. Once the club is preparing Dylan, but Mike is not a concert, and turns into a disaster. Then the group thinks that things could not get any worse, they find a corpse in the basement that all the doors were closed, so they can not go out and that they can not trust anyone, as a mysterious killer starts picking them one by one ... <br /> <br /> the producer and director Juan A. Mas choke is the standard by-the-numbers teen slasher that does not really have anything going for it. Scenario Jessica Dolan and Sasani Louber (not too many horror movies out there made up the ladies ...) has some surprisingly good character in it, and what a wonderful dialogue, but while it's a lot better than a lot of modern shot in the style of horror in these camcorders respects it is very slow and sad that even some interesting character can not come anywhere close to saving it. As you might expect, using all the usual teenage Slasher cliché, the victim can not move away from isolation from, throwing pretty teenagers who keep split, several murders & really bad twist ending that tries to imitate something like Scream (1996), and strange, but does not make much sense if you think about it logically (they could not do some of the things they were supposed to) and to make matters worse, I guessed who the murderer was quite early and even if I do not want to boast, I was on the spot. Then there is the fact that the creators of The Choke felt that it entertained the audience, showing endless (well it feels endless, watching it), the scene of teenagers walking around dark corridors, doing nothing in particular, I'm sorry, but there are only so many scenes like this, I can do before it starts to become tiresome. Murder rate lowest first they decide to stick together (a good idea), but then they just randomly decided to share and go separate ways (a bad idea if the killer on the loose), the pace sluggish destruction scene prosaic and to top it all twist endings poorly. <br /> <br /> Director of the Mass is doing well, the film looks good, for the most part, although there are the odd occasions when he uses some annoying editing post production techniques like slow motion or frame skipping. Gore-level is not really up to scratch, there are some blood spatter, a guy with a hole in his chest, a few corpses and who impaled on a metal support. Most of the killings take place for the frame with an ax to kill at the end of a good example of the film actually shows nothing. Since the film is about a rock band have a pretty rock-oriented soundtrack with some really terrible, terrible rock songs that are used on it. I apologize to the fans of rock, but to my ears this shit just noise pollution. It's not terrible, there is no real atmosphere and the lack of blood and the blood is simply inexcusable, if the rest of the movie is so bad. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of approximately $ 1 million to leak well done with clever production value, it looks cheap, to be sure, but not as cheap as a lot of low-budget horror films to watch. Shot in a place called Spokane in Washington, apparently. Operates one of the strengths of the film, as is usually pretty good on all sides, I mean, no one is going to win the Oscar, but it's not so bad. <br /> <br /> The throttle is thoroughly routine screaming style of teen slasher that has one of the weakest twist endings ever and criminal lack of blood, blood, violence, nudity and corpses. I mean, when the chopper is not got no sex or gore, what's the point? It is only then that the average slasher worth watching, right?
