"Carriers" follows the exploits of two guys and two girls in a stolen Mercedes, saying, trips on the hood hightailing it down the road to the beach with a surfboard tied to the top of the car. Brian (Chris Pine with «Star Trek") is the driving force and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo with the "Coyote Ugly") has a shotgun, while younger brother Brian, Denis (Lou Taylor Pucci with "Fanboys") and his friend - not exactly a friend - Kate (Vankemp with "The Ring 2") takes a backseat This quartet Twentysomething characters living in a nightmare apparently, viral pandemic -.. which are co-directors and co-writers Alex Pastor and David Pastor tells us absolutely nothing - has devastated America of course, that the lack of exposure shave at least fifteen minutes, which would have slowed down. etuyu cynical melodrama about how people degenerate into a crisis and become their own worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This gives the virus the death shingles and then you bleed and die. Most of all running wear these white mask tied to them nose and mouth, a thin gum. Initially, this four meets a desperate father, Frank (Meloni with "runaway bride"), and his cute little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka from "Lost"), blocking the highway one SUV. Brian Frank turns around when he tries to watch for them, but in the process, the oil pan in the Mercedes breaks them, and they are wound around the leg. Reluctant they ride with Frank Jody after sealing the rear of the SUV. She wears a mask over the nose and mouth, and it is covered with blood. Frank heard that doctors treat fragile people in the hospital, and they are sent to him. Unfortunately, someone lied to Frank. The attending physician provides the last couple of children some Kool-Aid, that instead of suffering. The treatment did not improve their condition. Everyone else in the city is dead. Kate tries unsuccessfully to get a dial tone on each phone. Frank realizes that there is no hope for his daughter, and it allows you to assign a heroic quartet of his SUV and take off. <br /> <br /> In fact, the "carrier" qualifies as a relentlessly depressing film about the impact of a pandemic on the four sympathetic people who degenerate into deadly killer, to protect themselves. They reach the country club and frolic around the golf course, while four did not appear in suits and masks with pump. Incredibly, our main characters manage to escape without getting shot, but Brian scared when he almost falls into the water with a floating body. In the end, they discover that one of them is infected. Later, when they're going to run out of gas, Brian blocking the highway, as Frank did in the beginning. Danny tries to stop a couple of older Christian women driving a car. Denis is that his pregnant wife was about to give birth, and he needs their help. Brian throws caution to the wind and blows away the ladies with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help them. Brian caught a bullet in the leg with the passenger, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "media" is not beer and pizza movie that you can make a joke or laugh, because humor is virtually nonexistent. By the end of this 84-minute film, our heroes have become a scoundrel who only care only for themselves and their plight. Chris Pine makes a strong impression as a gay Brian and his energetic performance is the only reason to hang with this fraud, while the only other well-known actress, Piper Perabo, discharged insignificant role girlfriend. Bobby, she makes a tragic mistake, to sympathize with the dying little girl and pay a terrible price. It is a testament to Pine performance that it can change its character points to put themselves in front of others. In fact, Pine has a role that gives him a chance to pull out a one-eighty from the carefree guy with a heartless guy. <br /> <br /> Both directors are Spanish brothers, and they never interfere with the flag pulse. Since there is no relief in sight, "Carriers" are drowning in predictability. "Irreversible" cinematographer Benoit Debbie does a fantastic job with its widescreen lensing and is questionable how this road trip becomes, DEBIE makes him look like a dynamic film. Besides the lack of a happy ending or closing in every sense of the word "media" is suffering because it's so terribly cynical. The scene where the German Shepherd attack Denis brings more uncertainty, but even that could be improved. Unfortunately, brothers Pastor entirely to frighten or strong tension or unknown. According to fade, you do not really care what happens to anyone.
