Near the end of the 1970s, animator Don Bluth, frustrated with the release of his company, Disney was churning, ran from the house mouse, to form their own studio. His first production, The Secret of NIMH, was a brilliant feature that still holds good to this day. This was followed by the US and TAIL Land Before Time, both of which were made with the participation of Steven Spielberg and were commercially successful. Although neither of these two films had a dark adult attractive the NIMH, they are still very charming, nice features for children and adults. But by that time, Don Bluth was his first major misfire with ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN; critics were particularly harsh on this film, and the questions did not help the fact that it has been opened near the Little Mermaid Disney. <br /> <br /> Given that the film has such a friendly sounding name, one would expect that all the PSA GO TO HEAVEN be an enjoyable family fare. Instead Blat provides a surprisingly dark story involving gambling, fraud, crime, abuse and murder. This in itself is not a problem for the cartoon to say, but it does not call into question over whether a film for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say whether adults will find plenty to enjoy in ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN. In short, this is a film with a major identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Set in a dreary dump in New Orleans, the film begins when Charlie B. Barkin, rough-and-tumble german shepherd, gently run over by a car of his former partner's gambling casino games, disgusting cigar-puffing pitbull, Carface. Before you know it, Charlie finds himself in the sky, though the default. Here hound angel, Annabelle, telling him that "all dogs go to heaven, because unlike humans, dogs tend to be loyal and good." This line is a confused character of the movie, since dogs in the film, the hound to the side, represented as anything but. <br /> <br /> After realizing that he was killed, Charlie kidnaps his way back to Earth, and plots to get even with Carface. With the reluctant help of his friend's dachshund itching, Charlie "rescues» Carface prize in ANNEMARIE, man a girl who can talk to animals (to predict who will win in the rat race). Charlie claims that it will help a little cutie to find her family, but in fact he uses his skills to win the fate of the race, so that he can build a more complex its casino to bring Carface down. Despite the fact that he refuses to admit it, Charlie makes love grow ANNEMARIE ... <br /> <br /> The concept of history is not as problematic as punishment. In addition to the human girl ANNEMARIE and bright musical alligator, which is about three-quarters through (with vocal pipes Ken Page), none of the other characters are not like cute or openly, even worth caring about. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; in an attempt to make it an anti-hero, the script (consisting of more than a dozen writers) can be only character LLC unattractive. Thus, the viewer does not feel sympathy for Charlie, and worse, its repayment at the end of the film does not come across as convincing. (Hereinafter harmful character is depressingly uncharismatic vocal from Burt Reynolds). In addition, the absence of an endearing lead, another problem in the narrative structure of the film. Slowly evolving story jumps everywhere and makes a habit of throwing in the additional scenes that serve no purpose other than as a place with running time of the film. The above-mentioned musical alligator (which is danky sewage contaminated the native rat), seems to have been thrown in out of nowhere, like a scene in which Charlie tries to show his generosity to ANNEMARIE fed a pack of pastel pizza young. The whole scenario feels like a rough first draft; a little more polish could make it tougher, spectacular history. <br /> <br /> The questions did not help dull musical numbers Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (ANNEMARIE ballad song and alligator is the only good, and the latter, in particular, benefits from Sweet vocal Ken Page) or nonuniform voice cast. As already mentioned, Burt Reynolds stiff and lifeless Charlie diminish his already unsympathetic character even further (the only exception is the ardent confession itchy about their true intentions towards the end). Dom DeLuise Itchy in pretty good, but he had the best role, in particular in the American Tiger TAIL and Jeremy in The Secret of NIMH. Ken Page, as already mentioned, is awesome in anything that he does, but his character is such a small part of his overall contribution unremarkable at best. Similarly, nothing is Loni Anderson (as Collie, who once sired a litter with Charlie), Melba Moore, and Charles Nelson Reilly. Barca as ANNEMARIE, perhaps the only voice that comes across as a truly memorable, in part because her character is the only legitimate one in this pretty depressing and bleak show. <br /> <br Barsi /> aside, the only real positive about PSA ALL GO TO HEAVEN is the animation. Technically, the film has some of the most creative visual command of cronyism in (by the standards of the 1980s, that is), especially scary scene where Charlie nightmare of ending in a fiery underworld controlled by a gigantic satanic dog-demon. In any case, the film is more than the triumph of animation than history. <br /> <br /> In general, however, I can not recommend all dogs GO TO HEAVEN, like good fun. Even if I admit that the film has its supporters and menopause makes admittingly provide some energy and moving conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as the best effort in Blat. Animation buffs will marvel at the magnificent artistry, but by the time it ended, all dogs go to heaven may very well leave an unpleasant taste in the mouth.
