I'm a big fan of movies that make you think. I still think long and hard about it, all the way through seven minutes after the credits rolled. What really lived up to my neurons is an attempt to understand the attitude of the plot naked Girel caressing her spot fat body, made of extra-sticky, being filmed on a cheap video. It occurs three times, and I was sure that this will be explained in the end. I hope for filmmakers, it's a terrible effort to attract the viewer would be justified. It was not. <br /> <br /> The film should be the most apathetic I have encountered in the genre. Sets look like a cross between a 1970s Dr Who set and someone bad idea formed sponge painted the living room. Lighting mundane (if your sets are so bad, at least shoot them in the darkness to hide the drywall and create some atmosphere). With stolen Quartet, the girl stands out as something very bad, but none of them gets her face. plans for world domination aliens are just silly - all you need is a contraceptive pill and their problems will be solved. Most of the film consists of people who work on the corridors. Yes, it really is interesting. "Ray Gun" special effect ... interesting to say the least, (the use of weapons, which is a 15-second burst of concentrated, to kill, and even then the guy comes back more?). The script, like a bad episode of The A-Team, and female hairstyles come from the same era, so that they look like a school teacher instead of an advance team of bloodthirsty alien invaders. When we finally see that the aliens really look like they are in a state of suspended animation, and never even get out of their boxes. Resolution of history - a traitor foreigner just have a few words with the invasion fleet commander and without hesitation he heads home - it really is a sign of a writer who never had the idea of ​​a more complicated than a Saturday morning cartoon (I have in mind the bad ones, without kakogo- or plot, action or characteristics) in his or her life. <br /> <br /> But seriously, what a naked chick? Was it really just so that they can justify to put meat on the DVD cover, to boost sales?
