Noel Coward, witty and urbane man, was friends with Louis Mountbatten.Mr Coward, a longtime fan of the whole sea, was commissioned to write a story based on the loss ship.In Mountbatten is especially the British, as it was considered that a film about the Royal Navy collision loss at sea will be well propaganda.It is also considered a good idea to Mr. Rabbit to play the role of the ship captain.Amang many qualities necessary to command a combat ship, the ability to speak very clipped voice and sing sophisticated "point" of the song does not come very much sleep in Admiralty House, or at the very least, one would hope the captain not.A must earn and keep the respect of the cabins and the lower deck, yes, Mr. Rabbit, might have had the respect of the choir masters at Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont, possibly I was terrified of him, but its ability to curb, mold and direct the crew in time of war should be put into question.He folds himself listlessly around the bridge, condescending other ranks and officers barking orders, he only silk robe and a mouthpiece to seem right at home. Much is made of the "warship as a microcosm of British society" theme, and the team is mainly composed of the usual happy Cockneys, crafty Northerners are not transceiver war can not be fought.They spend most of their time on the smoking side, moaning about the Lord and fence Haw to get blown up. Nothing, there are many more where they came ashore from.Once they go straight to the pub, where they spend most of their time smoking, moaning about Lord Haw Haw, and get blown .If contrast Mr. Rabbit lives in a dream cottage with a rose covered door somewhere very quiet with very little chance of getting blown up.He, his lady wife and two rosy cheeks cherubs to speak in a ridiculously convoluted tone and said the lady wife spends most of her time knitting things for the poor losers who make up his team and that it refers to them surn ames.That nice young master John Mills plays a leading role as a fully incredible lower deck type who worships Mr. Coward in much the same way as a dog thrashed will worship his master.He marry his girlfriend after her kiss cheek, presumably on the basis that it can be liberated pregnant after such passion. So yes, we have a microcosm of British society here, but perhaps not as creators of "In Which We Serve" is intended. At the end of Mr. Rabbit gets a last chance to take care of his people, as the few survivors shuffle past him, "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to sail with you," he sets forth, as if it read "as it is now brown cow." Perhaps it was the debut of David Lean, but Noel cowardly hand looms large right through this picture.He was funny and intelligent man, better suited to writing caustic pieces for the poor little rich girls and boys mixed with a rare song curve . he had the talent to entertain, no doubt, but he could neither write nor speak convincing dialogue. As Noel Coward was a full-time, he did not have time to be a real person.
