DeMille in 1922 the office of the prison sentimental Manslaughter is a great Leatrice Joy is as good at heart, but decadent young girl with lots of money than she knows what to do with. Its recklessness leads to deprivation of liberty, which in turn leads to its regeneration. Thomas Meighan is a militant District Attorney, who made it a personal crusade to bring goodness and beneficial in Lydia (Joy), but he gets distracted by alcohol and, as soon as it is released, it is up to her to save him! <, Br /> <br /> If the plot is not so bad, you'll be smitten with a slide presentation. Quality directions DeMille is very low, and it shows no special skill that is unique to him. Photo is standard and flat, and editing a bit more dynamic. It would be easy to classify it as a fashion show, and quite rightly. DeMille gets Miss Joy Dress for so many different types of clothing (evening dresses, golf suits, motoring costumes, piles of bags), that it might be subtitled "Fashion 1922» <br /> <br /> And one more disappointment than the pictures, or editing direction or an action which is essentially flat and wood. If it is not, it's just routine silent gestures, rolling eye balls, eye twitching an eyebrow and deliberate movement of the index and hands. Whatever revived for modern audiences and robbery scene chewing some of the worst of silent films, is simply boring to watch. The only member of the cast that succeeds in any form is perfect Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful, but can naturally play a role. It is persuasive and be punished in tears Close-up, as long as you do not read the name of moralizing card, which should be as soon as she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, all the other monotone routine, Zhy, Maine, even Zhayasya Faye. Her performance here makes a good argument why it never reached this star. <br /> <br /> The most worst and the most fun part of the movie is heavy moralizing tone that carries through all of this. Meighan character abounds intertitles, where he drones on about how the youth of America reduced its moral position, and go back to the decline of Rome. (Insert absurd flashback) moralizing, the film has been described as a Victorian, but it's more than that. It has so little relation to the reality that I have a sense of the audience at that time did not take it more seriously than modern audiences could. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what the ignorant tend to think of as "typical" silent movie, with its archaic moral structure, wooden actions and bad direction. DeMille shows that it can be a terrible director, without stimulating the senses, placing the camera, or skill to handle any script or actors. I can not imagine anyone in their right mind to take it seriously. Sad, slow and stupid, I recommend it to hardcore Dorks silent movie just like me.
