Tyrannosaurus Azteca is set in the sixteenth century, when the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), they intend to claim the land in the name of the Spanish and possibly steal the gold and, should the opportunity arise. A few minutes later they have their first sight of local Aztec savages, within a few minutes after Cortes and his men captured and held prisoner. If that was not bad enough, it turns out that it is time to Tyrannosaurus Rex lives there and loves to have the locals in an attempt to win the life of the Spanish offer to help residents get rid of the monster problem, but with a variety of hidden agendas and ulterior motives is not only dinosaurs, they need to watch out for ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who, coincidence, made one of my favorite movies exploitations Turkey Shoot (1982) which I thoroughly recommend to one and all) and also more commonly known as a parody-sounding names ACC Ekki Rex (the name was changed to the Sci-Fi Channel, when they are in the air it can be as original name Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it might be a foreign film) is another stupid and cheap looking Sci-Fi Channel «Creature Feature» and it all , you need to know, actually. Based in and around real Spanish conquistador Cortés during his expedition to Mexico, the film definitely does not seek historical accuracy, although I admit that the story is trying to do something a little different here, but ultimately Tyrannosaurus Azteca still "Creature Feature" with a bunch of people, working with some poor CGI computer graphics monster, despite this period value setting. Not too sure what else I can say, despite the fact, set a few centuries ago the usual clichés here, character usual cardboard expressions make stupid decisions & selfish one, the heroic one, the one Backstabbing, faceless victim, which exists only eaten and to a beautiful woman, all here and easy to detect. The film is predictable, silly, stupid and not very entertaining on any level, even though it is moving forward at a decent pace, and there's one or two half-decent moments gusset, if something that you interests. History is not so good, and has a plurality of openings, too, is also a kind of film that you have completely forgotten about for several days. <br /> <br /> Now I have seen and commented on many Sci-Fi Channel «Creature Features» and CGI computer effects are usually awful and while Tyrannosaurus Azteca certainly not reverse the trend, I admit, there are some effects shots that look good but then they are usually completely destroyed by terrible consequences shot straight afterwards. There's a few decent Gore effects there are also cut out the heart, Man leg bitten off, there are some blood splatter, cool guy shot left holding his intestines after he was attacked by a dinosaur, there are several corpses seen someone pierced with a spear . T-Rex gets to eat a couple of men, too. Production values ​​are very cheap, the Aztecs set looks like one of those theme park rides made of polystyrene and the Spanish men were imprisoned in the worst case in the history of cinema with a fence supposedly keeping them below the waist Mans, they could have just released with him, and he was running so low. <br /> <br /> with an estimated budget of approximately $ 900,000, I can not see where the money went, shot in O'ahu in Hawaii in fifteen days apparently. Act is not big with anyone I have ever heard. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca is really no better than any other cheap Sci-Fi Channel «Creature Feature», despite the almost interesting and unusual assumption that the basic assertion should in general be enough to decide whether you will use it or not (on the assumption, probably not).
