EPSILON, aka ALIEN tourist, not what I expected. This non-budget Australian film without any other than fast film and a rapid reduction in special effects scenes. The female foreigner (which comes immediately able to speak perfectly accented Australia) can "splash" from place to place and from time to time and change the perception of the passage of time, to meet the "fast" people. <br /> <br /> an elderly grandmother tells her granddaughter about two stories wandering man told her 40 years ago, when an unnamed "she" came to the planet bare and completely disoriented, unable to recognize any star in the sky it came from. .. she meets only people camp in the Australian outback, apparently, surprising him. It is a "mistake", and gets angry when she is told that she is on Earth. Earthlings are known as the consummate burglars environment and metaphor most offensive conceivable to the rest of the universe, those who "breathe polluted air," but do not do anything about it, sticking their heads in the sand like an ostrich. Another amusing metaphors, Earthlings "Frog". <br /> <br /> From there, it is completely a film about the dialogue, as the surprised man tries to understand the particular psychology and point of view, it is, as she calls him insane and "quaint." Man begins to understand that these are people who are irrational and did not realize. However, while waiting to be "beamed up" home, she sees that the man is not completely defective in their thinking, and even falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> dialogue about the prospects are interesting in spots, but it's layered with oppressive environment message and the low-budget feel (there are only two main actors, BLIP around different deserted scenes, and robs evil man on the planet has never seen at all). Environmental message does not offer any solutions, but draws one or two heavy metaphors about what will happen to man and nature, if something is not done. The logic also does not hang together: the rest of the universe "abandoned" in the world, another space woman caught on Earth by mistake is possible to make some positive changes by the conclusion of the film. What would a battalion of foreigners deliberately sent here succeeded by pollution and waste?
