This is one of those films, the British fund lottery waste their money. The main problem is the chaotic scenario that does not get anywhere. Characters are not interesting, the story is a common and fresh, the only thing that is of interest location: Genoa (Genova in Italian). With only a superficial acquaintance with Genoa, I had no idea about his tangled alleys of the Old Town, and the town was so interesting. I thought, Genoa boring. I am pleased to say that I have been refuted. So from the point of view of travel, this film has an interest. The film contains a great performance, a little girl named Perla Haney-pole. She has already made seven films, although only 12, so that it seems to have decided on a career as an actress, and judging by her performance in this film, it has to go far, because it is a natural and it has a lot of talent. Colin Firth, reliable and professional actor, was under the hand for the filming and when asked to be serious, he was serious, and if asked to be a pain, it was excruciating. But someone forgot to give him some sensible dialogue. A scenario is a common disorder. Catherine Keener does exceptionally well in a supporting role, and showing compassion comes naturally to her, so that everyone would like to have it around (I would say it every time I feel a cold coming on, I know that it will get me a soothing hot drink). So there we have it: the fascinating narrow streets of Genoa, is an interesting little girl, and sympathetic woman. Forget about everything else. Older sister Willa Holland plays such a heinous nature that the fact that the young actress does a good job, to be insect repellent is not exactly the kind of tribute act she wanted to hear, I suspect. The notion that this family goes to Genoa to forget the unfortunate death of the mother is so trite that if we have another movie like this, all the dead mothers have the right to complain about the exploit. If Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting the old part of Genoa, why did not he just go to the BBC and said that he wanted to make a film about traveling with some mindless celebrity leading? Why spend money on a feature film, which is not nothing but a vanity project downtime and winding emptiness?
