I have noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his last album before his death, this album, if not his best, usually prolific in some way and are worth listening to at least. Album usually good enough to cement a legacy. However, when it comes to comics, especially the major comics, who star in their own vehicles, their last film, as a rule, God awful. John Belushi was "Neighbors", John Candy was "East coach" Chris Farley was "Almost Heroes," Phil Hartman was the "soldiers", and Rodney Dangerfield was this film. <br /> <br /> "Back to midnight", although this may not be the very latest movie Dangerfield, is weak in every sense of the word. She wrapped filming in 2002, according to this website, and you can safe to say that he would stay on the shelves when Dangerfield was still alive. I was a big fan of Dangerfield's, since I was in my early teens, and it pains me to see how rotten this movie. <br /> <br /> what amazes me most is that a number of other talented people who took part in a movie with a very weak prerequisite for beginning. Dangerfield, great comedian who used to play his comic persona in the film, is the overseer, who is very close knit group of prisoners. If the owner of the prison, Colonel Tom Parker meets Sam Walton billionaire Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), cuts the funding for the prison warden It sends a group of prisoners to break out of prison, rob Rockwood's eponymous stores consumer goods, and break back into prison with the loot. Taking that in the stores, they are (I believe), taking what they believe they need to Rockwood. <br /> <br /> With this shaky premise, the film is sprayed and stalls frequently. In addition, the jokes that you think will be the salvation of the film is not even close to funny, not even from Mr. many Respect yourself. It's incredibly frustrating, too, because you would expect that the film with the Oscar-nominated (!!!) Randy Quaid Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith, and others, to be at least a little bit funny . Instead Quaid plays a character we've seen before in countless other sitcoms, Eli plays the British heir to the terrible British accent (perhaps this film can not afford the actual British person!?!), And every joke was poorly installed and poorly counted almost every member this ensemble. It was just not a good comedy in any sense of the word. <br /> <br /> «Back By Midnight» R was evaluated primarily for language (and audio scenes of nudity). The irony in the fact that many of the jokes are so insulting the audience that even the kids (if you cross out language) will come out of this movie. Physical gags and incredibly predictable, especially if the animal is a monkey Eli torment character Quaid. If the monkey grabs a pair of scissors and jumps on the couch Quaid, who does not know where it was going to gag? <br /> <br /> Being directly to a comedy video, of course, I did not expect any Oscar-winning stuff here. The truth is, though, Dangerfield made some great, immortal comedy before. "Easy Money" and «Back To School» even cheerful, and not exactly Oscar worthy in the least degree. Nevertheless, there is a difference between making a dumb comedy that is funny and make a silent comedy. The last comedy was born, it seems, the filmmakers do not even try, that this is the case with this excuse for vain 90 minutes. Rest in peace, my dear, but add this film to your party overlooked comedy as «Meet Wally Sparks» (1997) and "godson" (1999). This film is, dare I say, do not even see.
