I'm not sure what to make of this ugly 2007 dramedy. Trying to be the new millennium cross hybrids on Golden Pond and Prince of Tides, the film ends up being an unstable mess so mercurially shifting between comedy and melodrama that always seems emotional step away. The main problem appears to be irreconcilable difference between sentimental direction Garry Marshall and dark rather complicated scenario Mark Andrus. The story focuses on unraveling the relationship between mother and daughter Lily Rachel, who drove all the way from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where Georgia's grandmother lives. The idea is to leave Lilly Rachel in the summer under the jurisdiction of the superintendent Georgia abounds with its draconian rules, as a young 17-year-old has become an incorrigible mischief. <br /> <br /> setting clear enough, but the characters are made to translate quickly and often inexplicably between the sympathetic and penetrating to fit the contours of the plot invented. He turns haphazardly on alcohol issues, child abuse and dysfunctional families, has not yet deposited its resolution pat. Three actresses in the center of the scroll to redeem some dramatic, but in varying degrees. Probably because of its off-screen reputation and her voice scratchy smoker, Lindsay Lohan, Rachel makes promiscuity and manipulative tactics sensitive, though it becomes less reliable as her character reveals the psychological wounds, which provide a basis for its hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman have to play Lily on two sharp notes - how annoying, resentful daughter to the mother, who has never been close to her, and as an angry, alcoholic mother who recognizes its own responsibility to the state of her daughter's mind. She does what she can with the role on both fronts, but its efforts did not add up to a flesh-and-blood person. <br /> <br /> In the more than sixty, Jane Fonda looks great, as well as weather-beaten as it is here, and has the presence of stars to leave the cartoon dimensions siliceous Georgia. I have a problem with casting funds is that the legendary actress deserves much more than a series of jokes and parent views. Between these nasty monsters-in-law 2005-, it makes one wonder, when her best work on her. It should come as no surprise that male colleagues actress completely overshadowed. Hedlund looks a little too surfer-dude, how naive Harlan, devout Mormons, whose sudden love for Rachel could hold his two-year missionary stint. Cary Elwes plays familiar suspicious note, Lily's husband, an accident, when the predictable casting a telegram ending of the film. <br /> <br /> There is also the ever-present Dermot Mulroney in grim triple play the role of the injured widow, a former flame Lily and Rachel's new boss in town veterinarian Dr. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf is only when the role of Sister Paul Simon, while Marshall regular Elizondo and songsmith Paul Williams show in cameo. Some of the dialogue is clear Andrius awfully wobbly and tragicomic tones never settle on anything that feels good. There are a few minor additions from 2007 DVD, not too interesting. Marshall provides commentary track that has many of his trademark laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variations on the ending, and a gag reel. Seven minutes from the imposition of the short film is included, as well as the original theatrical trailer, spotlighting six minutes short of three actresses and five minutes tribute to Marshall.
