Zombie uprising begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) tries to convince the General Duval (George Cleveland), that his assistant Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and provide them under his control, turning them into mindless zombies ( a bit like the people I work with actually). Anyway, Tsiang killed Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but can not gain knowledge of the transformation of people into zombies. The expedition was created General Duval to hunt for the mystery as Tsiang not going to tell them more. General Duval led the expedition, along with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), which deals with Louque, which also comes together. During the expedition Claire Louque shelves for his partner Clifford Grayson (Robert Nolan), in which Louque not very pleased. In a way that can only happen in Louque film finds the secret of turning people into zombies, and he begins to use his new found powers to get revenge Claire & Clifford ... co-written and directed by Victor Halperin uprising Zombies has a bad reputation, and after watching I can understand why. Halperin scenario, Howard Higgin Rollo Lloyd and all the credits, has a good central idea, but stone cold dead was killed by being boring and just as exciting as watching paint dry. Nothing much is happening for centuries and then nothing special happens, then either. As Halperin reflects his zombie is different from that in most modern audiences would consider zombies, the zombies just brainwashed people and filmgoing audiences will have to wait more than thirty years before George A.Romero to determine that the zombies are now thinking in night of the living dead (1968). At just about an hour in length zombie uprising still feels too long. Technically, the film examines the CI was done 70 years ago, the black-and-white cinematography is adequate, though some of the scenes look like they were shot with a photo background site. Wooden acting and largely unimpressive. Rise of the zombies can be hot stuff in 1936, but it is not from a well, and in 2005, it is an absolute sick sit. I believe that the film is now public domain as it appears on a lot of ultra-cheap a DVD compilation and budget labels, but it's still not worth it not to look, no matter how cheap you can get it.
