Although the name includes the word "zombie", this film is not what you might expect from a movie made today, although in 1936 the concept is played out about as well as, perhaps, to be expected. Dean Jagger reflects Armand Louque, an officer of the French army of the First World War, who stumbled upon the ancient tale of soldiers turned into machines, or "zombies" that are impervious to the fight, and may hold the key to victory in the war, but on which side is not sure. First, he has a problem to convince the heads of the phenomenon, but in the end, the French General Duval (George Cleveland) orders a non-military expedition to the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor, to find the secret of zombies and destroy it. <br /> <br /> the story is played out against the backdrop of a love triangle involving Louque, Duval daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Nolan), all part of the expedition. If Louque laments his lack of determination and effectiveness, Grayson offers him advice to go after what he wants in life with all his strength. This tip begins to transform Louque, especially after he successfully getting a stone tablet that resembles a photo of the ancient city. Following the temple priest in the swamp, Louque now seems to be kept secret, he is looking for, although it is not clear how he could instantly command «zombiefication» forces. All it takes is placing his right fist to his forehead imitating the third eye, and casting his mind to the fact that he wants to monitor. This is convenient for playing out his girlfriend, and taking early advice Grayson as he says to his servant, "Boone, we learn to be ruthless." <br /> <br /> The proponents of early «B» horrors recognize the use of a signature eye gaze Bela Lugosi, plucked from 1932 movie «White Zombie», as well as the director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, «White Zombie», preferably higher, and in scene content, and in this figure nezhit'yu where zombie has more sinister look, and more menacing. The "rebellion", a zombie enemy soldiers with glazed eyes, just to respond to his mentor the team. In fact, the actual name of the rebellion occurs only when Louque relieve soldiers from his mental commands in a sign of respect for his love for Claire; they overrun his compound and killed him in the process. <br /> <br /> Or do not be too harsh on the film, he plays well in the parameters is the story outline, but if you think "zombie !! ! "In the traditional context, you will probably be disappointed. If you want to try an early treatment of the subject, the aforementioned «White Zombie» with Bela Lugosi is a way.
