Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die directed by Bradford May the same guy who made the first sequel Darkman too. Darkman 3 worse than Darkman 2, and there is nothing special in my opinion. Sun Larry Drake is no longer as the main villain, who now plays a large Fahey, whose character wants to get back to work and create DarkMan this time some ultra strong people to get around the city guide. The film is pretty much the same in plot and execution like Darkman 2, but I was mostly annoyed by the presence of many scenes Darkman 2. These sequels have been made in a short time and with a small amount of money, so that such decisions had to be made. A pair of scenes and a rather stylish exit, but it's still a pretty tired of cinema and often annoyingly stupid, too. Symbols scream and laugh too much, and it is very annoying. There is no any philosophical depth in the film, and this is a remake of Darkman 2, he still can not be equal. Darkman 2 had a lot of great scenes and stylish camera work, and the ability to play Larry Drake great villain. Darkman 3 offers only some interesting scenes and moments, but mostly this film, tired and full of clichés. Few positive moments in the film are retrospective changes (night Westlake nightmares) and a pair of real twist and odd tricks. And it is worth noting also pretty nasty scene of the death of the main villain, which was quite comic books, as well as inventive without any gore. Much more interesting than the death of the main villain in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst in the entire series, and we have to remember that these two sequels were made directly in the video, and they do not come even close to the original Darkman Raimi with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was good with lots of big action movie scenes and suspense, but it's the last (?) Writing tired and often silly and boring piece of a sequel. It has some advantages, as already mentioned, but in general the feeling that it was not done in the first place. May a talented director and I hope that he can get a little more specific projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
