I think Dolph Lundgren was a potential for a time a great action star a la Schwarzenegger, Stallone and Van Damme even to a certain extent. He had a few big moments in his career, but he also made some bad choices, and this is certainly one of them, although done later in his career. The amazing thing about Jill the Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or related) I truly believe that they seriously thought they were doing a serious and provocative thriller? This shows in a way that they describe it on the IMDb, a DVD case in the comments and this film is not serious. To call his mannerisms would be a huge understatement. The film tries to be sophisticated and intelligent, when in fact it is nothing more than a small, confused and gratuitous. In addition, they put Lundgren, who is known for action films, in an attempt at a serious role, which makes it even more affectation, because his range as an actor rather limited. The entire film revolves around sex curly world, and yet they are trying to making it a serious thriller? Just plot and premises immediately make it a B-Movie porn at best. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays a disgraced ex-cop and a raging alcoholic Matt the Sorenson, who decides to play detective when his brother was killed. I mean to put aside the numerous plot holes, which has Lundgren receive free roam to investigate the crime scene, as well as witnesses and everything else, even if he is not a cop anymore, and you're still quite strange and not quite enough performance gloss on Lundgren. Daniel Brett is ultimately a love interest Lundgren and the widow of his brother. Brett is playing its role fairly well, given the scenario and mannerisms history. The supporting cast is huge, and no one really does not stand out in their speeches, if it is not on the negative side, such as the absolutely awful performance of Victor Pedtrchenko, which seems to go by several different names in the film, has a terrible accent and it's really terrible villain. <br /> <br /> I really tried to explore the mysteries and movies and watch closely, but there was no reason to, because it was a heap of absurd plot and gratuitous sexual games, including a completely ridiculous hilarious scene where Lundgren goes undercover and continue down almost naked. In order to explain how cool and well done this film (sarcasm sarcasm ...) I picked up (it was very cheap) in the back of the DVD has the character Lundgren listed as "Murray Wilson" (not the name of his character in film.) while somehow manages to be Lundgren usually watchable film falls flat on it's face trying to be serious. Given director Anthony Hickox for the really despise B-movie horror film it only makes sense, although I think he is really trying to be serious. Hard Core cult Lundgren fans should see it ... no one should ... Of course, for any mystery or suspense. 3/10
