This is one of those movies where people keep saying "it's a great idea!" About the worst idea you've ever heard. Then they act on them. I like it. This picture is funnier than any three dozen projects Seth Rogen. Well, that catastrophe. <br /> <br /> GOJIRA films were crushing their origins, history, starting with the '60s, but this one goes further. What can you say about the culture is ready to violate their sacred cultural icons for a quick buck? This is a parody of a suicide brigade WW2 on "the last of the Marshall Islands", representing a dinosaur weapons that chased away US Marines. Then the Japanese inexplicably decided not to fight to the last man, and instead of having to leave the area exerted on their behalf this giant lizards. They are retreating to the mainland, where one of them becomes a business tycoon. <br /> <br /> Then it becomes more difficult. <br /> <br /> bright people from the future, annoying over not treat male pattern baldness, back to the time of its like a flying saucer to ask a failed writer and celebrity psychic for help in the elimination of Godzilla before he destroys Japan. "Help" is in question, as well as all of these one thousand nine hundred ninety-two citizens back to 1944, to look for a closed-circuit television, but, hey, they shot a scenario is possible to think that in 90 years the Japanese would know better than to trust people in spaceships Fortunately for by Nippon, white guys -.. you can tell that they are Americans, because they say, «nucyaler» - mistake, resulting in n a Japanese girl remained in the future. In a touching display of ancestor worship, it is their duplicity outs after putting on a flying suit made of air ducts adhered to a backpack Sailor Moon. It turns out that the time travel, fashion-disabled Caucasians just jealous impending economic imperialist capture of Japan known world (22g century, Japan is going to buy Africa, which sounds more responsible than the asset). These blonde in cotton calico dress with straps and nonfunctioning backup zips want to replace with Godzilla King Ghidorah, which will destroy all but Japan Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho has been known to go out of their way to not have to build that Tokyo skyline set again. <br /> <br /> Of course, we are given an alternative spectacle Fukuoka ( "my garden city") and some other still-on-the whole rubber monster cities be devastated flying gold metalflake 1/3 hydra. The surprising discovery, we reported that King Ghidorah was created with some hand puppets stayed too long in the microwave. Godzilla also doing its share of wear and tear, as the film winds down. Wait ,, - not a spaceship blondes have to destroy Godzilla? Yes, they killed him in the third reel. But no one expected that the Japanese one thousand nine hundred ninety-two had a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles - "Haha, do not worry, we do not keep it in Japanese waters." - with which to jumpstart the new Godzilla from the bones of an old dinosaur. They do not have to, because leaky old nuclear shipwreck already made Godzilla whole again. Oh, and finally Godzilla in Tokyo, the reunion with his old Army buddy in a touching moment a tearful confession. They look into each other's eyes, and Godzilla nods as if to say, "I must do it, man." Tycoon nods in understanding. Godzilla then detonates it. <br /> <br /> I would also like to mention that in order to prevent the angry updated Godzilla himself from fulfilling his destiny and destroy Japan, Japanese girl from the future back to the future to ask for help - yes - a balding white male . Probably because he will regret it as a single Asian character from the 23rd century, he agrees to build a Mecha-ghidora and send it back to the 1990s, so that, together, these two giant monsters can, uh, perform Godzilla's fate and destroy Japan. . In an excellent nod to the notoriously resistant whipping head girl piloting Mecha-Ghidora has problems with joystick control <br /> <br /> This is Godzilla costume design in many ways to the bag - his thigh sufficiently sluggish to double to Rush Limbaugh and his stomach and chest thick and viscous. But there are still exploding masonry in this film than most of his adventures, making for many. In addition, the human function with a passing resemblance to Robert Patrick plays a killer robot. So even robots will have bald spots in the future. Plus Megumi Odaka, reprising her role as Micki, the only Japanese girl ever born with ears larger than its namesake Disney and acting style, even more than that. It's not her fault: many Japanese producers seem to feel that the screen is seventy feet are not large enough to reflect the emotions of the human face. I did some acting on Japanese television, and I can tell you, they push you to go for it. Apparently, they call upon their authors in the same way. Thank God.
