There is another period of time, which was so thoroughly covered on TV (or in the media as a whole) in the 1960s? No. And do we really need another trip through this tumultuous time? Not really. But if we must have one, it should be shallow, as "60"? <br /> <br /> I'd like to think that the sponsors of Bill Couturier and Robert Greenfield was more on the mind of this two-part mini-series than what eventually led, especially in view of the participation of couturier in a magnificent movie HBO «Dear America: Letters Home from Vietnam", which uses a slightly original music and original footage, allowing the sights and sounds of the time speak for themselves. This presentation intercuts personnel file with a dramatic production, but it does not do anybody any service by trying to do too much too little time; like many of its kind, it shows one of the family point of view. But the children of the family seem to be involved tangentially with almost every important event of the 60s (it is surprising that one of them will go to Rolling Stones concert at Altamont), which makes it seem less like a period drama and more like Cliff Notes version of the decade. <br /> <br /> makers rush through it so much that there is little or no time to give any sign of characters, with stick figures referred to our main characters out of the screen for ages at the time - the children's father, especially a template - and when they returned to BLAMMO! it is something else. Garry Trudeau filmmakers can teach a thing or two about performing this kind of thing properly. In fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton to give their material old college try, but in vain (especially the last two); this is certainly good to see David Alan Grier in a rare straight role of activist Fred Hampton, and Ryazanov Arquette (uncredited cameo in part 2) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What is not welcome, as "in the 60s" soundtrack drowns with so many periods of songs that eventually this reduces its already minimal effect (and this may well be the only time an American TV presentation of the post-60s America never mentions the British invasion -. no Beatles, Rolling Stones ... nO again, there is only so much you can cram tunes on the soundtrack album, however) Covering its surface-skimming approach as the time and the story almost out of place with a happy ending, "American dreams" and "The Wonder Years» made it all much with Night is better. Nothing to see here you can not see in other places, people ... for Julia Stiles makes a turn, with the exception, that is.
