Room for Round Two intriguing one. Forbidden love between sixty year old artist Ashley (Richard Burton) and fifteen-year-old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neal); and the question of whether such relations are acceptable to the standards of society. The problem with the terms of the two, however, lies in the fact that he did not live up to its promises. Director Jules Dassin and Hadley should have put more thought into the script. When I watched this movie, I expected to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I'm boring dialogue, nonsensical lecture about art, picnics, where Sarah seemed more fun away from Ashley, and a closing scene so that his artificial emotional impact was lost. This scenario makes good actors look bad. Thus, we can imagine how the film problem is exacerbated even further with mostly amateurish gypsum that Jules Dassin collected. Tatum O'Neal was not in his element. I do not believe for a second that her character Sarah was in love with Ashley. Her speech seemed superficial, as a participant in a beauty contest. It was as if she had forced herself to be happy, if the script requires her to be happy, and be boring, if the script asked for her money. The only scene that I loved her was at the very end, when she did not say anything. It was probably the closest Tatum Sarah Norton when he came to the glove. But Tatum was not the only one to blame. Ashleigh Richard Burton did not have enough charm, charisma and complexity of bringing even the women of her age, let alone fifteen. The rest of the cast was also gloomy. Even their trample inconclusive because they were waiting for the queue. Who does that? Wincott like a jealous ex-boyfriend Paul is probably the best thing in the film, but his role was small. To be fair to the actors, the direction Dassin let everything down; but it is also true that a great movie is beyond the scope of the script. Lolita Kubrick did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovsky's Runaway Train went beyond the script frame with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts plays convicted. The leaders of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and show something about the characters in them. Despite its own account (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle Two never manage to do it. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the idea of ​​forbidden love story between an elder artist and a teenage girl is good, but his performance in the range of two terrible. In many ways, it's a shame that the controversial Lolita-type story ?? that the majority of directors, for obvious reasons, would prefer to avoid ?? did not get a more intelligent treatment; script that actors would love to rehearse was not written; the actors that have been committed by them or have the talent to make their characters real, can not be found; and that the director Jules Dassin (which made it much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) should not be willing to put your foot down and say, "Before we take any pictures, we need to rethink the story of love and alter the script. "Only silver lining in the fact that one day intelligent film about the older artist and teen girl falls in love may one day be. If there was ever such a film will be shown, it will undoubtedly cause controversy, debate and questions for many years to come .
