This is a question you should ask yourself when you see this film, "What's the point?" The movie was nothing but an hour and a half of confusion with a totally unpleasant person (not going to use the actor of the word) and a script that you might say no there. <br /> <br /> One of the things that made me laugh the most about this film was the way he said, "The Victorian history written", which means that there is actually a script to that part of the story. All Victorian division had no dialogue and only consists of a guy looking at pictures of girls, and vice versa. Making that part of the film, the script, the camera is left on a railway station. <br /> <br /> OK, time for stories. It starts with a guy, sitting in a chair, never leaving it. About the lock, who needs you? These newspeople came to his house and almost ask him to tell the story of those dead girls. Thus, he begins a story in Victorian times. and that's how the scene is going (man and woman in the field. pretty music starts playing) (woman looks at her) (girl looking at the guy) (the guy looks at the girl) cut in the movie. It's pretty much everything that happens for about half of the film. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is incredibly clumsy dialogue about a bunch of models who want to buy an apartment. So that the real estate agent showing them one, and when I say clumsy dialogue, I mean, if she was a dancer, she triggered during the Macarena. None of the characters in this film are not pretty. Models incredibly annoying that Victorian people do not talk, and the guy tells the story of a person onion bag. Thus, in the end, all the girls die from. and killed, I mean drug voiceover. ooo. you showed one death? and death I mean holding her face until they put the blood on? strange. <br /> <br /> How this guy does not even know the story confuses me. He says it's because he has seen. but how? there was a guy in the apartment! The door was closed to the castle, the Sun exit, windows were attached to the fire escape, which was too rotten to work like hell, he sees all that? About the plot holes. we love you. Thus, the film ends with the journalist saying, "I think you did it. You're wasting our time, "despite the fact that she begged him to an interview in the first place. Anything. This movie was stupid, pointless, and does not make sense to a lot of plot holes. I could go on and on about this movie, but I do not see the need. I would much rather spend my time doing something uselful. As widdle it. "Threshold of Hell" relies more in purgatory with 2 blunt models. 10.
