Watching killed Lyubov one thought comes to mind almost immediately, "Oh my God, it looks like a very bad sitcom." Of course, it turns out that FBL is a pilot for a series that could begin this fall in Canada, poor poor Canada . <br /> <br /> Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are a lesbian couple lives in Vancouver. Janet left her mother already, but Kara's parents still do not know anything about their daughter's homosexuality. The pressure on beside himself, though, when the parents come from Malaysia at the wedding of his younger brother. in the same week British Columbia legalized same-sex marriage. With Janet wants to get married, Cara must decide whether to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she was a lesbian. Will she? Will it? Can it? The situation Kari contrasts with Jesse (Trent Millar ). Jesse just announced his homosexuality in the world under the age of fourteen years. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) is suitable for a visit in the near future. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of finally fully accepted Jesse hurt by the fact that Daniel is gay, and he is not. It will set 1-800-Makeover help numbers? <br /> <br /> The dialogue delivery and come directly from the program at 1950 with overdone physical emoting. Melodrama Full House style is enough to make you wince occasionally and comedies attempt mostly fail. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only performers who are close to the competence of the miscalculations, but given the material they have to work, it is not surprising that none of the print. It is possible that campiness was purposeful. Often it seems that there is no way the performers really so bad that they have to try to imitate inferior comedy former days. If this is true, what this review should probably be rewritten. Rewrite the focus will be scored by Love being a poor and inefficient promise of the old comedies. <br /> <br /> The author / director Desiree Lim gathered soft-Festival-the-numbers, it is completely forgotten. There was a time when just having openly gay character was enough to make a mark on the screen. That time has passed. On this day, we need quality.
