I believe that Shakespeare explained that I had just read beautifully. I think he's (lady) is protesting too much. It sounded to me as if the author is trying to convince yourself! He sites a layman literature (the product of the same period of time, but not connected with the Bible) a few times, but I can think of at least three references from the top of my head, which lend historical accuracy of events contained in the Bible. Anyone can distort the data to prove anything, but it does not make it true. Customs change, definitions of words change over time (see the English and German languages, which is very clearly, a common root) nothing stays the same, it is constantly growing and changing. In the Bible, there are many different translations, but the King James Version is the one I have found to be the best when it comes to any research. In the King James Version, you will notice that some of the words in italics. These words were added by the translators and can be discarded and the average whole change of the verse. Letters from around the time of Christ were written with no spaces, no punctuation, no paragraphs and without numeric poetry. These works look like one long word, and the translators have added all of the above. For example, as you read this: GODISNOWHERE you are reading this, God is nowhere, or you are reading this, God is now here? The same sequence of letters is two completely different meanings. That is why many biblical scholars use the "Lexicon" to help in the translation, because it provides a literal translation from the original in Arabic, Greek or Hebrew, depending on the language in which the Bible was originally written. It is also interesting to note that when translated into symbolic logic you can prove that God exists, but you can not prove that he does not exist! In the end, I just like to listen to people who think they are so smart that they are qualified to judge the Almighty. It is about the ego! Putting the podium away, God bless Maegi
