I sat through this film expecting food for thought, based on the facts of the film. But instead it was given to some of the least thoughtful arguments against the Christian faith can be imagined. For example, in an attempt to prove that Christianity is inherently cruel, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible, without giving the context, and thus changing the meaning of the text. Jesus quoted the commander of the execution of those who do not obey him, when in fact, the quotation of the parable Jesus told, with the participation of the King, which is then quoted. Thus, the narrator makes it appear as if Jesus is saying one thing, if it actually tells a story, where one of his characters says. It is not fair in a very visible manner. Is it a fact that atheism has to offer the world? This film is also trying to use the success of the Passion of Jesus Christ: Superstar, and The Last Temptation of Christ, as a sign that Christians are bloodthirsty. He does not say anything about that passion was the most historically accurate Bible film to date. He does not say anything about what it was really like best of the bunch criticism. Then he edits a series of violent scenes from the Passion, as if to drive home his point. Oddly enough, it does not make any mention of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, released a few months later and played the violence for entertainment, compared to the dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who actually knew more about the subject than he did. All Christians he interviewed an average schmoes Billy Graham docked in New York Crusade. Atheists, he interviewed for the film were well-known authors and scientists. He asked the Christians as the early Christian movement, and, of course, they said, that it began with the Holy Spirit came to the disciples at Pentecost. What is right (Acts 2). Then he gives a commentary, "is not it funny how so few Christians seem to know about the origin of their faith?" and goes on to explain that the apostle Paul began to Christianity after a stop on the road to Damascus. The poor man seems to be convinced that there is Acts 9 to Acts 2. More deception? Or is it simply ignorance? He also throws around nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding? 1 Corinthians 15 describes Jesus' death and resurrection, a future witness to people (which Paul refers in this passage) to the Corinthians the question of when they are in doubt! <br /> <br /> There are a lot many other examples of how full of crap this "documentary" is. But since I do not have the time or patience to go into all of them, I'll skip straight to the end. Obviously, throughout the film, the narrator has an emotional vendetta of his upbringing in the church. And the culmination of interviews HIS CHILDHOOD PRINCIPLE! In a last desperate attempt to deny the Christian faith, the narrator tries to deceive the one who gave him practicing as a child. Is this what passes as an intelligent documentary for the atheist community? Of course, there are smart atheists filmmakers out there who can make a documentary film, which is not a fictitious load of crap passed as "facts".
