First of all, let me say that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist, good, but I do not like that word, because it describes what I do not like that, not that I am), but I hated it "documentary." production values ​​were just not there, the room is very shaky and it all seemed an exercise in insecurity Brian Flemming. <br /> <br /> production values ​​were terrible and Brian Fleming clearly amateur director at best. The story It sounded as if he had just handed over the film and all nym shots, and he was not involved at all. There was a lot of way UMMS and pauses when he had to speak in the film. Animation was also pretty damn bad. <br /> <br /> In general, the idea that Jesus is mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars. As I said, I do not believe in God, and I do not think that if Jesus was not a real man was not nothing said about the existence of God. My personal point of view, Jesus probably he was a real person, but he lived in a time when there was a lot massiah (to see Apollonius Tyana), and the stories about him ytstso and sermons were inflated, the further you got from his death. According to the Wikipedia article about the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quote for this, so it's garbage), "almost all scientists in the field of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee, who was regarded as a doctor, was baptized by John the Baptist, was accused of sedition against the Roman Empire, and by order of the Roman governor Pontius Pilate, he was sentenced to death by crucifixion. [1] "I left wondering at the end of the documentary, when it was more about the director of insecurity than anything else. I was left wondering if he's trying to convince himself more than anyone else. The most telling example of this is the last interview he to the religious school. He did not even coy about it. How he bombed the teacher is unfair and, while I agree with the director partly that teaching children about hell fire is bad, so that before the principal Flemming was just uncomfortable to watch. Fleming had a chance to possibly get a good discussion going on, when it was more tactile from his interview. Instead, he leaves with an aggressive "is not bad, to teach the children this stuff." The guy cuts the interview short and I mean that he was waiting, the main thing to say, "Oh, yes, I see it, I've seen the light, it is now a secular school? "it seems that Flemming getting revenge for what he feels, what was done wrong in childhood for him. It is not a documentary, it's about insecurity Flemming, and has nothing to do with the alleged subject of the documentary. Fleming shows that he is really doing here, and this is the real fall of so-called documentary.
