It's not like I have in the vast majority of good memories of the original pants down shocker Verhoeven - it always struck me as a glossy, well-made airport novel in his film. Exciting, sexy trash, but nevertheless the trash. It was also the movie that tapped into a certain sexual Zeitgeist. After ten years of anti-sex AIDS-induced hysteria, a film about wild sexual thrills hotbod who kills in order to increase her sexual pleasure was quite tempting material. Basic Instinct 2 will always strive to provide the same social relevance and efficiency, so the fact that this is a desperate attempt raunchiness so lame b-be skipped. All it really was to ensure that a thin veneer gently tickling and attractive storyline and everything would be watchable. What it aloud fails on so many levels, and thus to be a career nadir for all participants, in fact, a very unusual look. Let's state the obvious to begin with - Sharon Stone is too old for the part of a sexual magnet Catherine Trammell. What was so photogenic through the lens Verhoeven looks like mutton dressed as lamb in the hands of a gun for hire, Michael Caton-Jones, flat, gray color and static camera make its undeniable beauty quite controversial. I like Sharon Stone a lot, but if the first film began his career, BI2 may kill him. It has no chemistry with stuffed shirts David Morrissey - their only sex scenes embarrassing and watch. Dough Boy Mamma His face on the character made me yearn for a smug, orange-skin courage Michael Douglas. Supporting coils David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling spend these wonderful actors on Talky exposition scenes and cliché heavy posturing. And what about the advertised sexual escapades? Poorly lit, fleetingly glimpsed, as very mainstream as an episode of Desperate Housewives - European feelings that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film is too small. Do not watch this film for bodily thrill - they do not exist, and that there is a tragedy. The film, as a whole, rolled up to the point of complete confusion, dull and a clown. The last 40 minutes, in particular, if you come to the realization that the film, in fact, are not going to go anywhere interesting at all, especially exhausting and fun in equal measure. The unsuccessful sequel Basic Instinct 2 will take a cinematic ground as Exorcist 2 Heretic, Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. The draft of vanity, it competes with Battlefield Earth misleading. The multimillion-dollar piece of the Hollywood film industry, this is a parody, it will be difficult to start, as the years worse.
