One of the most popular requests at my local video store is not Borat or The Departed but in 2005 a documentary film about Jesus Christ called God who was there director Brian Flemming, a former fundamentalist Christian. Flemming, his 62-minute documentary, says that Jesus was not a historical figure, but the legend is based solely on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers and historians debunk the old Christian belief that Jesus lived, the Son of God among men, crucified and risen, Flemming compares the story of Christ with the idols of Isis and Osiris in Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology Roman mystery cults such as Mithraism and finds many surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> in the annex to his testimony about the pagan cults, he also claims that the earliest sources for the history of Christ, the four Gospels were written forty or fifty years after the date specified in the crucifixion of Jesus and that Paul's letters show little evidence that Jesus is the flesh and blood figure. Flemming, unfortunately, however, not ruled out conducting solid research of the truth about the life of Jesus, but to use this theme only as a starting point for a full-throttle assault on Christianity and all religions. Most of the interviews with those philosophical aligned with the director, including the sworn atheist such as Richard Dawkins biologist and author Sam Price. Only Christians interviewed those on the edge, such as Scott Butcher, creator of Rapture Letters.com site and Ronald Sipus, principal fundamentalist Village Christian School, Fleming visited as a child. <br /> <br /> an interview with Michael Moore Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus so controversial that Sipus out in the middle. The sarcasm Fleming tells us how wrong Christianity was wrong about the sun revolves around the earth, and then points to the crimes committed in the name of Christianity, such as those of cult leader Charles Manson, who killed 11 people and Dan Schlosser, who cut her child hand of God. It also raises a statement from the book Lahaye and Jenkins, who says that Christians "are looking forward to the day when all non-Christians are thrown into the lake of fire, howling and screeching." For further turn us against Christianity, Flemming shows us extended clips from Mel Gibson passion of Christ, which details in minute detail every scene of violence and torture. What could be a serious discussion on a very interesting topic in the end, it becomes the children's recitation and a polemic against any religion. In the process of condemnation of those who used Christianity to commit unspeakable deeds, he ignores such people as socialist Muriel Lester, a well-known Christian pacifist Menchaet Tum, Mayan Guatemalan Indians, who helped found the Revolutionary Christians, and received the Nobel Peace Prize in recognition of her work for social justice and mother Teresa, whose job it was to respect the dignity and the dignity of every human being. <br /> <br /> his most powerful argument is its comparison with the Christian doctrine of the pagan cults, and it makes some good points, but Flemming did not tell us that while some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian doctrine, there is no text or source materials for these cults before 300AD, soon after the New Testament. In addition, it is important to note one significant difference. The immediate goal was dedicated to the mystical experiences that led them to feel that they have achieved their unity with God. This is anathema to Christianity, which believes that the church hierarchy, including priests and bishops until the Pope obliged to explain the will of God for mankind. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian, and there is some doubt about whether Jesus Christ was not in fact a historical figure, the truth is that in the long scheme of things, it does not matter. It is important that the message has been entered for mankind and spread throughout the world that have contributed to the spiritual development of mankind. Regardless of distortions and crimes later committed in its name, and there were many, Christianity, as planned was the doctrine of compassion and love, and moral and ethical code, which slipped respect for one's neighbor. <br /> <br /> While I welcome the fact that the film was made and that the forbidden topic was discussed, it is very necessary to not attempt to use other separating religion as the field of battle, but to see it as the total flow, which can lead person in the world together. Although there is a place for debate and discussion on religious topics, according to Ani Besant, "spiritual truths are best seen in the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect. God, who has not been there is only recommended for those whose idea of ​​a good time to trash other religions.
