Let me say that I fully agree with the basic thesis of the film that probably there was no historical Jesus and Christianity is a sham. With that said, this film does a very poor job prove this thesis. This makes good arguments - the gap between the theoretical life of Jesus and the writing of the Gospels, is filled only in the works of Paul, who did not indicate on the historical Jesus - and then completely unable to conclusively prove it. This makes broad statements without presenting evidence statements are based on, and he resolutely ignore counterarguments presented by Christian apologists. Intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation, and the absence of serious arguments are clear and stunning. Only Christians that we hear in the film by the head of the old school director - who comes off as intelligent, rational person who is trying to cope with the rebuke with a chip on his shoulder - and the different Christians, perhaps there are random in this hotel. I'm sorry, but a demonstration that the average Christian does not know much about their religion not exactly damning evidence of the falsity of Christianity. You can also argue that Jay Leno has denied the existence of Dukakis on his Jay-Walking segment. Interviews with experts may be interesting, but the film is filled with too much, let's be honest, the director simply be elegant. During the first five minutes of the film has been fusing Falwell with Charles Manson and writers Left Behind series with the branch Davidians. And in the end, the film becomes so self-centered that there is no rational argument remains only the evil ex-Christian attacks the people and places that he blames his messed up childhood. Y'know, it is possible that the film could have been interesting, but it's ridiculous in a documentary about the historicity of Jesus, and it is so complacent to extort sympathy. It's Michael Moore film without humor or wit set in conjunction with the book by Richard Dawkins, without wit or intellectual rigor. Skip it.
