Italian origin Eleonora inherited from her late lover Carla, ultra-modern and isolated house in the middle of the forest. It is winter, and she meets the mysterious caretaker Leslie, who eventually ends up not only leaving the house, but also from Eleanor, as she tries to adjust to her new environment and increasing the attraction between the couple. <br /> <br /> What did I expect? Thriller in fact, but it was not quite true. This is just an advertisement on the package for you! I am quite confused about everything. Name, history and motivation. So how to classify it? Well, this wooden character drama mysterious moody Mezhevaya novel-the story of alienation, possession and dependence on hot rolled relations difficult two masked persons. Co-author (with William Dafoe) and the director of arthouse film Giada Colagrande is too clinical, distant and calculated with its mysterious metaphorical stories that it leaves you doubt that all of this really mean ?? although if his sudden conclusion materialize, you will think why I really do not care. What we are going through unnecessary feels ponderous exposition with dead air, which focuses unimportant details and drawings. Sterile dialogues can contribute to a lot of uncomfortable events, but do more to lead the experience as he never delves deep enough. As he believes, what he does. Sexually salty activity filtered just never sure and far from erotic. They are a kind of bump in the already sluggish flow. The base of the plot does something interesting and fresh, but it will never perform and I thought that there would be more, all melancholy linger. Colagrande direction is professionally stylish and appropriately grim wants it represents, but feels like it's in slow motion and can get caught admiring the same species. Most of the action is at the same place ?? house. The camera-work is powerfully taut, but depressing music can get a bit funny when it comes to some sharp stabbing musical cues that served little sense and scenes purposes. Giada Colagrande plays his sensual and William Dafoe sleep is part of. It looks dog tired! While Seymour Cassel, sticks his head in now and then. <br /> <br /> But where it is heading, we can only guess. Well, that's if you can wait for it. I think I'll give him the benefit of the doubt, because it is definitely not what I expected from this movie Indy.
