I respect Alex Cox, the director, I really do. He's like a kid in school who do you think, on the ground just trying a little too hard to be "different", literary punk rocker, which omits more than his leg in spaghetti westerns and science fiction and fringe culture and come to light ready take S *** on ... but then you will see that in fact it can do, raw talent and artistry and feverish moments of true absurd fun, capable of it, and you're ready to see what it has to offer, but there are two sides of its proverbial coin: it can either really hit it out of steam in (Konfiskator, Sid and Nancy Walker possible) or just try a little too hard, and pull too much pretentious rabbits out of the hat (to hell). Death and the Compass fall into the latter category, and while I respect his (mostly) original approach to the history of the detective-killer, it also falls on his face and his strangeness becomes strangely dull. <br /> <br /> It is quite amazing setting and has an irreverent style follow: Detective, Erik Lonnrot, so after the killer with hell-fire voice, red (something), and it seems that the killer left the keys with her worrisome victims: scrawled in blood on the walls of the messages, according to an eyewitness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston, looking as if he had just gone Shallow Grave, without changing its appearance) has religious significance in Kabbalah. We go Lonnrot on the case, and the method occurs after a criminal, which include the following triangular first, and then the compass-shaped pattern on Map- this despite protests stunned Commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval) which also looks so in a flash forward, sitting at the table and talk with the audience in a distorted, but the sad description of his former employees and colleagues after the fact of the case. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox has its moments of creativity and interest in, such as a shot where we see the whole range of heartbreaking depths at the police station, where the nature of Eccleston will be taken in handcuffs ( "For their own protection" says Lönnrot in the case of getting lost in the room), and we followed for a long tracking shot can be the best or simply the curious-, where we were taken through the very dark corridors with very little direction, lost in the maze of twists and quirks among the characters. And it is never something that is not interesting to * look * at, with cinematography Miguel Garzon in painful pleasure. But the plot passes through the Hoola-hoops to keep things as off-beat as she can beat-less all-together. Performances, except confidently Boyle Eccleston and in the end, quite bad, especially Sandoval, who only seems to bend in his chair saying silly dialogue gave him to speak to the audience. <br /> <br /> while the murder plot itself contains the intention to the audience that this is not something we've seen before, it is in a society with so many rebels and architectures, offering a feeble next wave of Alphaville, this sizzle's also very fast. That the conflict here? I've never been that much engaged with his own personal mission Boyle to find the killer, and only slightly involved in several outbreaks of mad killer scenes (and / or murderers) going after people in the building at an early stage (Cox himself It has a funny cameo). It was only when I began to think that this leads to something exciting, with Boyle and Eccleston in this large ( "not as great as you think") building in the section south of the city, it suddenly gives us a "twist" that we know, deep down, come, but hope not, and it is blown away any of the secrets of everyday he was leading to. For all the terrible touch Cox as a filmmaker, for all his opposition to spoon feed the audience with a "traditional" approach, which I respect, Death and the Compass ultimately reduces from one to the brainstem; is masturbation.
