Uwe Boll name is automatically associated with bad horror / cult cinema and each new film he releases ?? which is about two or three a year ?? immediately always receives negative evaluations and sharp criticism. You actually almost inclined to think that this is just a modern advertising. You know how it is popular to hate Uwe Boll, whether you like his movies or not. Let me assure you that this is not so. Uwe Boll terrible writer / director and completely open threat to the shooting industry. «Seed» is another proof of this mourning. Here, Boll is trying so desperately hard to find controversial and shocking that it leaves a lot of other elements, that any film, in fact, there should be, as the plot, narrative structure, character development, tension building ?? The "seed" is ugly film full of dirt and gratuitous incompetent indent frame. I once read that the "seed" was the interpretation Uwe Boll is currently popular horror trends Torture porn movie, but it's not even close. The film is undoubtedly borrows some influence from the "Saw" and "Hostel", but mostly it's just another dumb slasher cell with indestructible killer and videogame violence. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes, «Seed» are beyond boring and really just confirm all the obvious things that you already knew was going to happen. After all, you see, Boll was stupid enough to start a film with (hyper-fast) scrolling text explanatory have US federal law argue that death row prisoners should be released, if three attempts to electric current is not able to. Thus, you know that it will happen later, but all the same the first three quarters to spend on catching serial killer and bring him to the electric chair. Seed mute serial killer who allegedly killed 666 victims (I exaggerate a lot?), Who wears a bag over his head. He looks in real life animal cruelty frames (and thus, we observe the real-life animal cruelty pictures, thank you for that, Mr. Ball) and video people, slowly decompose in his basement (including a child, who was crying, who is really sick and twisted). When he was finally captured during the most amateur and implausible police investigation ever filmed and put on death row, the film becomes even more backward. After being buried alive, because the electric chair could not fry it, Max Seed crawling back to the surface and goes to a whole new killing spree; this time mainly focusing on the people who were arrested and executed him. <br /> <br /> The nonsensical plot twists and a complete lack of depth of the plot of this movie is way past just be bad; they do rage and insult the level of intelligence of the average horror movie fanatic. Several twist and plot south «Seed» are simply impossible to take the reasonable functioning human mind, because they are just too stupid! No one believes that the police and members of the prison staff simply dig a mass murderer live without firing several bullets in his head first. No one will admit that an escaped convict can not be found for another six months, even if he had gone straight back to exactly the same lair where they first caught him! The "seed" complete lagging little things like this, and the film becomes more stupid with every minute that passes. Personally, I refuse to accept that the cast and crew did not notice it as well. It really makes you think that Uwe Boll is simply ignores all advice and criticism, but simply hard shoot their films the way he wants. I believe that his screams things like "shut up and do as you're told," for his actors when they say that they shoot a scene does not make a lick of sense. <br /> <br /> Just for fun crimping people , there is a giant overlong sequence where Max Seed breaks elderly lady to the hammer of death, while she is tied to a chair in the middle of her own living room. Instead of shocking, since Ball appointed to be, this sequence is brilliantly embodies both pathetic and wannabe controversial entire movie on actually. "Seven I "is terrible, it's disgusting, it's bad, it ?? Ball.
