Think for a moment what it must be like to be Uwe Boll. Somewhere, perhaps in places that Jack Nicholson said, "You do not talk about at parties," Boll knows that David Lean was lice, like a child who had more talent for making the film than he is. Gore Whore, metal head and socially dysfunctional may encounter with him on the road and tell him differently, but the general audience to find out the Teutonic Steering so devoid of originality, wit, or the idea that he was the dominant internet ?? Online discursive synonym photochemical excrement. Ball is doing everything possible to drive to these skeptics, using tax incentives available in Germany and Canada to continue to work and fund-raising network of dentists, as did Mostel with old houses in the manufacturer. The difference is that the nature of Mostel knew what he was doing bowel filling. Maybe, Uwe knows it too. <br /> <br /> This level of hostility to each new «Bollbuster», that patrons IMDb sabotage your vote 1 ratings before they saw him. Attempts Ball in silencing his critics, challenging them to a boxing match and knocking them just made them more determined. Indeed, it is perhaps the only director who has increased sales thesaurus as searching criticism for inventive ways to describe the waste. <br /> <br /> This pressure did Uwe very thick skinned person, so that he should feel that he is wrapped in a rug, but the one who feels as if he mocked all over the world. Like most people in this situation, he pounces, decided to upset as many people as possible with memory tearful evening, carrying out any checks to diversify the House of the Dead, it is never too far from the surface. This "I know you are, but what am I" strategy for the development of production initiatives blunt satire mails that tried Napalm dissidents with jokes about 9/11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. This list of invective requires satirist wisely Peter Cook and visual representation of Chris Morris, but the near Ball gets a person, it's about my family. <br /> <br /> The Seed, shot back to back with the aforementioned game adaptation Ball returns with a story of a sadistic serial killer (is there any other kind?) who gets the chair only two attempts to fail in permanently decommissioning of all signs of life. Mindful of the fictional law that says that someone was still alive after 3 attempts to be released, though, if you were fried with this much power, why do you want, they pronounce him legally dead and buried, only unhappy killer reborn and begin a whirlwind tour of his captors. <br /> <br /> Ball begins its "research nihilistic rage" Seed to watch footage of animals being tortured for experimental purposes. From there we were treated to a killer stock in trade ?? dog kidnapping babies and adults, women and allowing them to die of hunger on the camera only to become maggot food. We are invited to reflect on that perverse race immoral meat bags we all ?? Our inhuman to each other, and our close, which serve as a lighting rod, which acts as a catalyst for the most abhorrent remnants of the human condition. Yes, we are worthless, stupid sadist and worse than that, we will not give Uwe a good rating on IMDb. In short, humanity couch. <br /> <br /> Of course, you might think that Uwe rely on our worst excesses of its existence and the fact that in mind, it is a bit bipolar part, on the one hand, hating your audience and positive impact themselves in sour milk of human kindness ?? milk that poor old Boll had to drink so long, while beating his cock and invite those who thirst to pornographic corruption screen marvel at its sheer girth ass pegs. <br /> <br /> As a result, says nothing about the society and its discontents, more corrosive effect of bad press has its director. Poor by Uwe, obviously very angry man ?? a scene in which a poor woman gets her brains beaten to a pulp, and not tied to a chair, without a doubt, a surrogate for his own imagination is about to dispatch various web critics. It's there, but it takes an avant-garde approach, without being attached to any type of narrative shows that Ball is that pornography happy to engage with the blood lust of his audience, and know that the site is redundant requirements. He made a film that skillfully shot, but it is empty. "I wanted to make a horror film that was not any fun," said Ball audience at the world premiere of the film, and it is on this manifesto turned shaky, but if it was to convince the director foe that he was a serious genre director, he will need something real to say, as well as better, more original way to say it.
