"National Treasure" (2004) is a completely misguided hodgepodge of plot weaves that borrow from almost every cloak and dagger clichés government conspiracy that has ever been written. The film stars Nicolas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious that , I ask you?); a seemingly normal person who, for no other reason than to be out of sorts minded erring hunters predictors, decides to steal the "national treasure" that was hidden from the United States founding fathers After. as a bit of subtext and background, who plays the ridiculously (unintentionally), like Indiana Jones meets the patriot, the film degenerates into one misinform whim after another ?? trying to create regurgitation "Stanley Goodspeed» Nicolas Cage and run the whole tangled mess ahead with a series of high octane number, but are disabled misadventures. <br /> <br /> apply logic to the presence of George Washington and his motley hide patriots King redemption somewhere in their native land, and then, after passing through the meticulous care plan hints scattered throughout the art work in the US February, is that director Jon Turteltaub never quite gets around interpretation. I failed Washington found the best use of this wealth during the launch of the country? Thus, we are left with a mystery, built on top of the puzzle, which is already on shaky ground until Ben appoint a new custodian of untold wealth. Ben noble intentions ?? if confusing. It is installed to protect the treasure. For who and when ??? Your guess is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are several problems with the crusade Ben. First of all, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean), decides he can not wait for Ben to make up their minds about the theft of the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives (oh yeah ?? a brilliant idea!). Presumably, the rear part of this famous document is secret answer to the ultimate fate. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The attempt, of course, fail if overly melodramatic. It also gives Ben the opportunity to pick and choose on a very hot archivists, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). She thinks Ben is clearly crazy ?? at least in the beginning. But the truth is in the form of action / romance, Abby determination melts away faster than you can say, "that the Hope Diamond?" The film goes into full screen mode X-File-ish, like the FBI, in the mistaken belief that Ben for theft measures in response to various benign methods which lead to multi-layering workflow resembling Mission Impossible encounters runaway. I honestly do not those guys ever "intelligence" information, right? Ultimately, the "National Treasure" is not great creation of the film, as well as patchy rehash of tired old bits from other films, woven together with scrap, the likes of which would make il Betsy Ross blush. <, Br /> <br /> The Buena Vista DVD provides a much more generous treatment than the film deserves. Anamorphic widescreen image is very smooth and finely detailed images with a very rich colors, natural tones of flesh, stiff black and pure white. The stylized image also spotless and digital accessories. 5.1 sound and provides good sonic boom in your face and the rear speakers with the intensity and realism. Additional amenities include a variety of advertising zhanketa material which is quite deep and over to explain how and why this film was made. Unless, as the audience, we had more to explain why Ben and co. were chasing the elusive treasure, it may be a good movie. Additionally concluded with a theatrical trailer, audio commentary and deleted scenes. Not for the faint of heart ?? just stupid.
