I watched this movie last night on one of the channels of pay-per-view, and watching it, I quickly wondered why I worked. Honestly, I really expected something more from this film. Maybe something along the lines of "conspiracy theory". Why? Maybe because of the casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel in the end. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I'm wondering why they worked? But instead of absorbing action cum mystery dramas, I was caught up in the frenzied nonsense styling A LA "The Goonies", which, much to my surprise, it seems, I got some actual critical evaluation. Maybe it's because "The Goonies" is clearly focused on the pre-teen and teen audiences. While the "National Treasure", judging by the previews seriously intends to appeal to an adult audience. <br /> <br /> Suspended disbelief is one thing. This is how you can enjoy science fiction and horror. But I found that really resist heaping tablespoons paranoid conspiracies and loaded scar being stuck in the audience. Oh, screenwriter tossed around all the jargon, meant to evoke a sense of wonder to seriously pursue. "Wow! Masons. Knights Templars. You know, it might actually be true! "I think that the author really lost me when Gates said the Founding Fathers hid a treasure to keep it out of British hands! And only were the Templars came? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. From France! Which goes a long way to explain how he ended up in Philadelphia during the Revolution. He was brought to Napoleon's agents! Anyway, you see what I'm getting at. The premise of the movie is interesting. And I really think that it could be considered as a serious mystery drama. But it only comes off as another child Flick in adult clothes. In the end, I think he's asking the audience not simply suspend the trust, but to make himself deliberately ignorant offensive degree. <br /> <br /> I just finished watching a few items from Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It is a shock to switch from the kitchen Hollywood Big Mac and fries. <br /> <br /> Okay, okay. If you puff on chases, explosions and "sensational" tricks you will enjoy the "National Treasure." But this kind of movie, well, have you ever stood behind the theater waiting to get in while the previous audience comes? And all the young kids talking excitedly among themselves and say something like: "Wow! You've seen this thing blew up? It was so cool! "" National Treasure, "is that kind of movie.
