John Carpenter's career is over, if it is a sad excuse for a movie is any indication. His excuse is that he just did it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. Actually, Bon Jovi and two girls vampire, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, probably all fit in the same clothes. In short, it was hard to tell which of them was more attractive in anorexia ramp model like a way. Bon Jovi has the charisma. At least, he looks happy when he smiles. Two girls vampire on the other hand, seizures and complaints. At some point they are going to give each other a wet kiss, but to stop. It's amazing how every vampire film has a certain set of moray eels for the corresponding vampires. At some point, Arly Jover provides fellatio at a very obtuse Vampire Hunter, and then she sucks his blood, making sexual intercourse. It would be an erotic moment, except that it has been removed as a complete goof, and the male actor looked slightly amused as he watched Arly Jover to move his head to mimic what was very obviously not happening. How gusset concerned, ripped off a few heads, and blood splatters blood. These scenes are so few suspension or excrescence that, when they occur, it is almost ridiculous, and there is no "horror" pay-off from the scene. Everything you get as a member of the audience a feeling of "Wow, I'm sure there were a lot of red spray paint on the walls. I wonder who has to clean it up. "Throughout the film, the vampire hunters, who apparently is trying to kill Arly Jover (top vampire in the world ??) still holding out to her. At some point, Bon Jovi turns in an abandoned church, and after he had just shot her with an arrow (and did so in other cases), he says: "I'm not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. I want to meet with you. " HUH ?? Of course, the dumb vampire Arly pops up to say hello, and Bon Jovi again sticking her with another piercing device. "Why can not we be friends" in the 1970s hit song WAR must have been a leitmotif for this film. In addition to all the other stupid things, there is a sequence of transfusion, when Natasha Wagner removed all her vampire blood, and the town people are lining up to donate blood for her transfusion. I believe that blood type does not matter? Anyway, all of her vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if the blood is transfused into him, he can beat Arly, becoming a vampire, too. Of course, as the vampire blood is poured into it, none of it good blood is not removed. So, obviously Bon Jovi goes to twice the blood, as any person can have in your body. In the same way as the first vamps, this one also has Vampire bursting-in-flame special effect.
