Wow case! I've heard a ton of mixed reviews for this ... but one of my go really found on the hardcore horror reviewer that this is frustrating. Man, he was right on the nose! This movie was filmed pure amateurs. They would have to do one take, maybe two at each stage, the film seemed soooo haste. The script was also meager .... they were lines that were trying to be unique, but it did not. Unfavorable. "Get your meathooks from me!" Oh man, I hate when movies try to do it. It happens all the time with the comedy ... but with a horror film, and below the average of the actors .... incredibly helpless. Line and scripts were very predictable. But what made me feel so negatively to this movie was, again, the devil action. It was awful. In addition, a small Asian guy who worked at the stand. I thought he was great. <br /> <br /> The film is about a stupid 5 dumbsh! T tourist who is on holiday in Asia. They end up in the wrong place and fall into the hands of the mafia run sex / slaughter. It looks like a cool story. But watching someone with a bad case of diarrhea, probably more fun and intense to watch. The only reason why it is considered the horror of the murder. There was no trace of uncertainty. <br /> <br /> I, like many other horror fans are dying to get their bloody little mittens on it. But, unfortunately, with a huge capital the U, the film was incredibly disappointing. I really enjoyed the break ankles and blood effects. Loose chicks were so-so. <br /> <br /> Everything about this movie screams amateur. This is the first full-length Ryan Nicholson, and he could not for the most part. There is no doubt that he has a morbid sense of humor and taste to the horror. I pray that his next movie is not playing as another horror film B ... if he does not tell us that this is what it will be. Even after this disappointment, I am ready to give Ryan another shot. From what I've seen him, he's a true, faithful man, to the genre. Advances in the next time, because it was bad news.
