Buzz is set in some unnamed Chinese / Japanese Asian district somewhere in five American friends, Sara (Ashley Shappert), Emily (Taayla Marcellus), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) enjoys night the city and taking in the sights. After a fight in a bar with a Japanese boss of the triad (Stephen Chang), they decided to check out the porn theater as you would like. Inside they are divided and quickly find out that the place belongs to the boss of the Triad, who use it to torture and kill people for reasons that are not explained. Can local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) to save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production was co-written, production and director Ryan Nicholson, who also receives prosthetic effects designer credit, as well, I must say that the food is still alive rather poor shot on a low budget film horror-type video cameras, which seem to exist only to cash in on the popularity and success Hostel (2005) and the mini craze of "torture porn", as it became known. According to IMDB section in the "little things" for a living writer and director ribbon Nicholson wrote after rumors about some of the activities that take place in living sex theaters, for my money, I believe that he wrote after watching a hostel! The scenario is quite poor, there is the main reason why this porn theater has a big fat ugly freak in the open dresses lurking around, torturing and killing people there. Was it for the Triads? Was it for his own pleasure? Was it to make Snuff sell? A kind of explanation would be nice. Also, why it is included at the end of the triad boss? If you are looking for a film with a binder and then forget about the story on the air. It seemed to me that some underestimate the difficult mix of sex, S & M, horror, torture, blood and fighters who do not come off. I mean simply setting a horror movie in a theater porn does not automatically going to make your film is not good, should still be a decent script and story, is not it? The characters were quite poor cliches and some of their actions and motivations were more than a little dubious. He moves in a sound pace, it's pretty sleazy mixing blood, sex and nudity, but it does not look cheap, which reduces the effect. <br /> <br /> Director Nicholson nothing special to do here, gusting & annoying editing, he seems to think the coverage of almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea, and the film has a cheap look about it. It works in "the R" version & "Unrated" I saw a version of a short section of "the R", which actually is not that far off, but I'm willing to give the benefit of doubt to the version "" Unrated & say that it can be many, many gorier, but I can not say for sure. There's a fair amount of nudity as well, if that's your thing. I would not say that there is a lot of atmosphere or deterred many here, because there is not, respectively, although it is not sleazy tonnes in total, that is something that I believe will be for her. <br /> <br /> Technically, Buzz is not very impressive, the blood looks a bit too watery for my taste and the whole scene bathed in neon lights annoying sometimes makes it hard to tell what's going on, it often looks like it was shot on the frames handheld camcorder and choppy editing, at least, on the «R» rated version sometimes irritating mess. Shot on location in a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. poor action, sometimes I could not say when the actress in this had to laugh or cry ... <br /> <br /> Buzz is not a film that I would recommend to anyone jump out and buy or rent, I do not think that a lot of it with him very weak predictable plot no exposure and leaving nowhere, poor action and less impressive gusset (at least, in the «R» appreciated trimmed anyway). See a Hostel movies again, or instead as they are superior.
