First of all, the actor should play Jesus blue eyes ... half of the actors they play Jews have blue eyes. Or not enough brown-eyed actors there? Jesus is depicted as having blue eyes is one of my pet peeves. He was a full-blooded Jew! Secondly, it's the old movies in English, which should take place in the English-speaking countries, which are not included, and each has a British accent? (Another example of David Lean's "Doctor Zhivago".) Is there enough or Jewish actors and actors who can make an Israeli accent? The film is often not the scripture, and so it seems to doubt the legitimacy of the claims of Jesus the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus was baptized by John, a voice came from heaven, saying, "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the film, John the Baptist says it is! The writer seems to be trying to portray believers like crazy as well. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will conceive the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film we do not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to say to Moonbeam, and when his mother Mary hears her conversation with someone and looks at her, she does not hear and does not see anyone, either. In addition, in the film, when Jesus said to the Pharisees in the temple in Jerusalem, he said, "You must not see me here until you learn not to cry, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord!" Because I and my father one . the same "correct line (from Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) this" you will not see me again until you say, blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. " "Period. Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts out a lot of important parts (Sermon very ejection), but then spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (the whole scene with Mary Magdalene speaks to the toilet). It seems that the writer and do not want to make a version of the Scriptures of the film, wanted to make a film about what he thinks he might actually happened behind (and in between) scenes. The film has one gem, though - during the scene where Jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son, in Matthew the publican's house, I had tears streaming down my face. This is the best film I've seen about the ministry of Jesus (but that's not saying much, because others are terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie of the last days of Jesus ( "The Passion of the Christ" is too graphic), although I like the "Jesus of Nazareth", not just end with the death of Jesus, continues to show his resurrection.
