Scary Movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessors, but it still has its funny moments. It all starts when the roving reporter Cindy Campbell sets out to find tough newspaper in the middle of television sweeps. She soon uncovers an outrageous press through-threatening events, including alien invaders, killer videotapes, whimsical crop circles, and more. Faced with conspiracies of massive proportions, and a crew of very strange people following her around, Cindy must fight to stop the evil, to take over the world again. The plot is not the issue here, as the first two were pretty much the plot less. This time they focus on the signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 miles, as well as many others just not as much as previously mentioned units. The first of these was {} imo one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second one was not so good, but still pretty funny. The third one is moderately enjoyable, but it's nothing special. Let's just say that I do not mind to see him once, but I probably would not want to see him again. Jokes or at random and those that usually include funny Charlie Sheen. Lame ones, tend to be associated with Anthony Anderson as he is very overrated. Why he keeps getting cast is not clear, because it's not funny. Anna Faris gives a fun job, and it also seems underestimated. Simon Rex shows some potential, it is not really so bad. Regina Hall and he returned as a brand, and it gives a pretty funny idea. Other actors were largely pile cameos. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson is probably the funniest scene of all Kama. Them in the opening sequence of Forgery ring and this scene is on of the most pleasant of them in the film. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others are also cameos. Zucker directs and while this is not another plane, this is not the daughter of my other boss, too. It is pointless to analyze the really direct a comedy like the main thing that people want to know when it's funny or not. As I said earlier, if you like it, you probably will not really like it so much. In the end, I found it a bit disappointing, as the rating of PG-13 type of weakening it, but it still can be used. Rating: 6.3 / 10
