I was the first director of the disgusting Sun-Woo Jang, because I felt that he lied to me. Jang had the potential to create a strong, deeply emotional film about sex and its effect on people, but instead decided to concentrate its efforts on the pornography element is greater than the actual human factor. I could not see the characters in the first and messy introduction, which mixed both realism and film together was amateurish at best ?? while the film was in my head for a few days after I saw it. What has stayed with me was not history, it's no heroes and no imaginary pornographic movie character, but a transition that Jung demonstrated between Y and J. If you look closely at this film, you will see that both start at the stage of studying their relationship, trying to to jump into the unknown, but is not quite sure the next step. As they continue to meet, exploring new possibilities of pleasure, they are constantly jumping between the aggressor and the aggressed. Jang will first examine the idea that J is the one who controls the situation, intrusive, reversal occurs when J becomes obsessed Y. This is a very small change, and because of the graphical content of the film, it can easily be overlooked, but it there. It becomes clear, apparently, closer to the end, when J can not live with the Y, as their meetings became less frequent, and J is committed to be a part of normal society. It was a huge and very interesting element to this film to see right before your eyes, but unfortunately, it was the only element of this movie is worth watching. <br /> <br /> I'm going to ignore those who talk about this film as nothing more than pornographic, because at the heart of the human elements of the film as undeveloped as they are, they are. This film is about a facet of our lives, which is very rarely explored in the movies or in the newspapers said. What happens behind closed doors, you never know ?? or so we have to believe. While the act itself does become repetitive after a while, the director Chan is trying to change it up a bit with some of the ever-changing landscape. Our heroes are constantly moving from room hotel in a hotel room, it is best to quench the thirst of the flesh of each other. It's fun at first, but then again, repeating band Jang, seems to make him feel boring than excited. This leads me to the question that the biggest I have had with this film. Jang had a great history with Gojitmal, but where he could not (outside the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side) was that he took the stage, repeating them again and again, without changing in front of us, so we could get to know the characters. Where Jang going with this film? Maybe he wants to tell the history of sex, and he believed that the characters? He did not, in this sense, because by the end of the film we know so little about the Y and J, so that we could care less as they decide themselves. The ending seems almost random, at best, as Jang tries to create a final solution for our two totally unknown, from this film. I have to give Jang a credit for the attempt, but not much. He tried to create several sub-stories that will create a personal item that we did not have, but they just could not freeze well together. Brother Y and his wife were the story of Jay, but again, because of him so much focus on the sexual elements, these powerful sub-history became a non-memorable and down-right dim. Maybe it's just as I watched this movie, but beyond the sex scenes did not work with anything. We knew nothing about the J and Y, are so Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> And finally, I would like to say that this film could benefit from that strong account or daftly remote musical genre element to it bring us, the audience closer to the emotions felt with J and Y. what I remember, and I'm trying to push this film is far from my mind, I do not remember what musical tones. Gojitmal can be stronger, if a movie Jang or stylized music or do something hints of the creatures of our character. Though I understand that he wanted to sex talk for itself, it was just a technical element missing in this film, which may have suppressed the urge anymore. Technically, it was a bad movie. Obviously, an independent film by nature, he felt, as a director Jang tried to make a symbolic link from nothing, not your typical dependent on this nature. I have not seen as much of the public communications or human factor, as mentioned above, I just felt that he threw the film together for two weeks, and realize that sex would sell it enough. It was not producing Larry Clark; is subpar and definitely need some additional technical clicking develop it stronger than in the final version! <br /> <br /> In general, I think I might like this movie, and there were some elements that I like me, but I felt that this film was taken, repetitive, and played too much respect a taboo, rather than breaking them. Obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen in the last scene of the film, when we are involved in the way it was intended the title of this film. Our characters are unprecedented, our history has been underdeveloped, and we could use something memorable to do something that takes place between the Y and J into something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang tried too much to capture the art house meets pornographic ?? and fail miserably. This is not a movie, it is worth the time and effort it took to do <br /> <br /> Grade :. ** to *****
