POSSIBLE VERY MINOR SPOILERS <br /> <br /> The film is billed as Russia's first horror film. Unfortunately, as far as I know, the "witch" (Russian translation of the name) takes place in the gallery of terrible shame Russian films. It is based on a story by Nikolai "Vij" Gogol, which is a classic in Russia. "Based on" is the key word here, because they do not learn about the history is not necessary. Instead, the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> This is a unique production, because we have become accustomed to the Directors, taking stories from other cultures and adapting them to their own culture. The influx of American remakes of foreign films is a prime example, but again, Sturgess turned Kurosawa's Seven Samurai into The Magnificent Seven with great results, and Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare's Macbeth to Japan to make an incredibly powerful Throne of Blood, while Lear became Run riveting. However, with «The Witch» Russian we transplanted Russian classic tale on American soil. The film was made in Estonia in English for the purpose of dubbing it into English with American actors, and has a fairly synchronized lip movement. <br /> <br /> As a natural consequence, lost a picturesque background for the Ukrainian history, it comes to the uniformity of the American small town, seemingly lifted from some outdated horror book guide. Gone screwy seminarian Khoma Brutus, and we have a drunk journalist who is going to win Pullitzer prize, and who at the same time, writes about the X-Files and similar events frequently visits Miss Tits competitions. (I never thought that Pullitzer prize was given for this kind of writing, now I humbly stand corrected.) In a surprising nod to the Russian character, a journalist named Ivan Berkhoff. They should have called him John Smith, because you can not get a more formulaic, and the same generic than this film. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff is a town called CastleVille, gets stranded on a dirt road, staggering, until he finds a dilapidated house and pretty nya-greet old crone. All that is accompanied by a radio announcement about the forces of evil that are in their most powerful and people better living indoors and avoid the water. It is necessary to mention that this is really heavy rain? After several supposedly terrible scenes that had me laughing, the story finds our reporter dressed as a priest, he mistakenly thinks is the priest and the local sheriff tells him his daughter, who died after being violently attacked like a new priest to pray for her three night. At this point, the action allegedly begins. Those who have the time to kill him hospitably. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything from the dialogue and down in the props department. Dialogue, which I heard in Russian is clearly written in English, and it was composed entirely of clichés and platitudes choice of American films. Actors just as obviously struggled with English, since the time of their speech was labored and unnatural, and the Russian dubbing followed suit. Operate mainly brutal, and not just because the actors feel it is often difficult to say, but because they do not have anything approaching a range of facial expressions. For the most part, they are just empty or you want them to be. The only exception is the sheriff played Ulfsak other than Estonian actor and Arnis Lizitis, who plays wheelchair resident CastleVille. Oh, and the cock, of course, who quite naturally on camera! I know that the actors complain upstaged by dogs and cats, but if Nikolaev upstaged cock is sad evidence of the overall quality of the film. <br /> <br /> There was not one scary moment in the whole film, and there was not a single original moment in the film, too. Keep in mind this comment comes from someone who is fairly inexperienced with horror. The film is filled with the standard stroke, which are used in a horror film since the inception of the genre. At the critical moment, the camera lingers lovingly on the kerosene lamp. The lamp goes out quickly. I must have seen some horror movies, too. Examples of the higher idiocy comes at a different time, a character jumps out of the bathroom and runs on the camera. He said something looks like a loincloth to wear! It does not get bigger than this idiocy! <br /> <br /> Those who liked the Russian claim that it was advertised as a mystery novel. I was not thrilled either. He was mediocre from start to finish. I particularly enjoyed the fact that the entire population of a small town behaved as if they knew exactly what they were living in a horror movie, except that they were not quite sure if it was a zombie or not. Thus, some of them act like zombies, just in case. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers say that about finding faith. Such a fine collection of idiotic acts stupidly pretentious moments, and, yes, a cliché, does not deserve to be on the search for faith. The film is so thoroughly and completely false deserves only to be an exhibit in the museum of wax figures.
