Here ?! Let me tell you. This presence (Alec Baldwin). He was not a great actor, but maybe a good star with some good movies which is not one of them. He did not do anything more here than anything he has done before or since. So, to say nothing (literally!) The question of (Steve McQueen) being on the same role in the original, because I do not want to make this comparison first. I'm not a big fan or a fan (Kim Basinger), she received a lot of bad movies on her and she better that it looks in the middle! And it gets on my nerves really every time they talk about their seductive rare beauty !! ?? Well, if you would be captivating blonde who I paint hair in yellow as soon as possible! And what is with all the madness of the legs Miss Basinger in ?? !! This, of course, idiocy, or a bad wine? As I see both of them as not only sexy, but also UGLY! And if you hate it so shoot me, but you know what ?! I just watched this movie, so I'm already dead !. However, what would you do suffer from unbearable way that none of the credit goes to the fact that she deserves the most ?? And, of course, I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we are talking about the present of this seductive chick with a body and an unforgettable one unique sense of seduction as reverse brunette (Marilyn Monroe), but much more healthy !! (I can not help it, she was the only new thing here and watchable!). (Michael Madsen), as the bad guy was very attractive as well as effective over the good guys (James Woods) is to miss the early events at the pool (so the trailer will be his voice later!) And he knew, before all that is substance on the whole Hollywood as "Do your thing, take your money, and success as an actor in other films!" editing gave the film a serious personality, along with a vibrant atmosphere made suitable radiant film, so its basic products (action, thrills , ..) and here is quite well done, although any echo, deep se CCS on (types of infidelity) as the main motive of all this drama is not so much, so do not wait. Well, it is in everything else remake without anything (except spicy moments Jennifer Tilly!) So I think I tried to be objective, as far as I could so I do not finish my review by saying that (Basinger), or someone here was better than the movie .. it would be an insult, because frankly .. it is better than the movie!
