Renowned cinematographer Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) directs this pretty bad horror / drama film. 19th century England has a different idea of ​​how to handle medical practices than Dr. Thomas Rock, a law that only bodies hanging criminals can be studied and experimented. But stocks of these bodies is small, and rock needs more - and he prefers them fresher. Being an individualist in his circle, he begins to pay people to find a body for him to learn and to experience. Desperate sleazebags Robert Fallon and Broom Timothy got wind of the opportunity to work and start killing people and selling these organs Rock. It is natural that such actions have worse consequences than to practice on dead bodies, are not criminals, and leads to trouble for everyone. While the overall story sounds intriguing on paper, almost everything about the Doctor and the Devils is ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the film, you are already beginning to question your decision to sit down to watch a movie. The whole look of the film just ugly. Seeing as the film takes place in the slums of England in the 19th century, the filmmakers were likely to be for the "ugly" look, but they do not do it in a tricky way. All of the sets in the cinema just looks cheap, weak, and disgusting. In addition, almost all the stage is filled with something that you just can not be taken seriously, and most of the time it has to do with someone (as in small and large roles) do something that looks or sounds completely ridiculous. Francis is not exactly help his actors a lot. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce Stephen Rea and play twisted buddy movie, to Fallon and Broom, respectively, and very pretentious, but very poorly. Their characters on the nature of the mind, but Price and Rea replay of the death. They especially have trouble keeping the emphasis from shot to shot - sitting down, in particular, comes from Cockney to the Irish Long John Silver in some lagoon creatures and so on and so forth. It's also humor riot to see Twiggy in this film at all, not to mention playing in the street demand a prostitute, since she can not act to save his life (though her song during the end credits are not so funny). Boy, she sure has come a long way: from the "flower power" to "I'll take the clothes for Mee shillin '!» As bad as these three actors in this film, Julian Sands takes home the award for the worst performance of the film. He is just as lame as it gets, giving a laugh out loud after another attempt at drawing the anger, love, happiness, anxiety - to select the emotion any emotion! <br /> <br /> There's only one good thing about the Doctor and the Devils: performances by Timothy Dalton Dr. Rock. Although surrounded by cinematic sewage, Dalton is quite excellent; giving electrical image extremely manageable even good-natured man. It is a pity that the rest of the film could not be as good as Mr. Dalton ....
