I can appreciate the fact that Barney is trying to achieve, but after sitting through the last night of the college house movie, I could not help but think ... when it's going to end? Very long and bulky for two hours and fifteen minutes. I only saw part Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect. It said experimental films such as this is best digested in small portions. There are some beautiful / terrible images ... including a title sequence (no kidding), but if you go into this expecting any plot or meaning, then you're in for a long, induces slumber away. I was able to watch the whole thing (if that's a compliment), but more often than not, I was expecting some kind of meaning or a story ... a big mistake. Among the images of the collection are very rich ceremony gift packaging, creation of disgusting food, which seems to be Vaseline plate obtained by using cookie-cutter and pour shrimp (it is supplied to the ship's crew, which is indicated throughout the film), a big blubber chizkek with big tentacle excrement found in the center of it, and mutual evisceration with Bjork and directed by Matthew Barney, which eventually culminates in a strange form of communication, then converting them into a whale-like creature, owls dtrek sometimes beautiful and sometimes even annoying ... crazy. At one time, there is a song sung by Bjork, to go along with ephemeral rituals are played out before us, and at other times, there is only a constant buzz piercing tool that we see a mysterious woman playing at the beginning and end of the movie. If it sounds like it does not make sense, because it is NOT! If this sounds like a cup of tea, then you will absolutely love it! If this sounds like something that you probably do not like it, then stay away from it, because you are likely to get out of the theater in the middle, a few people at the screening I attended. This is the very definition of a feature film. You get away from him, that you take from him. But otherwise, really is not much there, but a few quirks and constant construction and deconstruction of the ritual. I am glad that there is a place for films like this, but I can not say that I would sit through it again. Nevertheless, I can not say that I would not like to have one of Barney Cremaster films from start to finish, and compare it with that. I think maybe now that I know what to expect, I could enjoy something like this more. To give you an idea of ​​what kind of understanding of the factors that film has, I probably would have liked it better if I got stoned. On the other hand, he might have felt twice as long as it was, and then it would be really got unwieldy. Definitely not for everyone.
