Winter Kills terrible, inconsistent and very disappointing comedy conspiracy thriller from director William Richert obscure. While watching a movie, I truly felt as if I was an emperor in the classic fable of the Emperor's New Clothes. The film made me feel a fool, because I could not make head nor tail of the snake story and meaningless characters. But I felt kind of embarrassed to admit to himself that the film was tying my brain in knots. So I stuck with it until the end, in the hope that the whole tangled mess to untangle themselves. Then I realized the movie .... must be serpentine, nonsensical and illogical, because it's all about. It is a satirical look at the conspiracy theories and theorists from knotting up the site, which is used as a metaphor for knotting up the truths, half-truths and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I got the joke was on me, I still felt Winter Kills to be pretty awful film. <br /> <br /> The young Nick Kigali (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of former United States President, who was killed in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a person dies claims he shot the president and gives detailed information about where he hid the gun. Nick should be keys, but every step of the way of people helping him, seems to die under mysterious circumstances. In addition, his father Ra Kigali (John Huston), a vulgar and disgusting wealthy businessman, continues to interfere in the investigation of Nick. The deeper he delves into murder, especially Nick realizes that he descends into a web of lies and red herrings complex, where nothing is as it seems and no one can be trusted. <br /> <br /> The film is a complete nightmare to follow, and in many respects do not try to follow the above-mentioned reason that she deliberately confuses himself up. The cast is packed with extraordinary talent, but most of them are wasted. Mifune is one of the most pointless and short cameo roles in cinematic history; Elizabeth Taylor appears in the credits and does not have any lines of dialogue; Richard Boone given what seems to be an interesting role, but his character is not going anywhere. John Houston has the best role as the patriarch of a powerful and gives us some pleasant moments in the film with his sarcastic delivery. Anthony Perkins also receives a terrible role and handles it well, though his screen time is too short to do full justice to the character. Some nudity and sex scenes thrown in no real reason, and although they are quite graphic and may apply to the voyeur, they really belong in another film. The culmination of a half-comic film is a farce and frustration, but paradoxically a memorial in his strange little ways. There is obviously a cult audience where Winter Kills .... but I would not count themselves among its number.
