Changed Lines begins one Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) are burning the midnight oil as they continue to try and develop a revolutionary new drug called «Rejenacyn». As Walter advice last unsuccessful attempt to sink pipe leaked fluorescent green liquid in the basement, where the escaped lab rats start drinking ... Five friends of Walter, Alicia (Leah Rown in a very flirtatious meetings, including some nice boots that she gets to stomp on rat with ), Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hoffman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decides that he is working too hard and need to get out, so they plan to pick it up and have fun all night long. Back at the lab, and cleaner Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed is now deadly rats in the basement, as Walter squirts the last serum party in a laboratory rat, which breaks out with its cells as it grows at an amazing rate and friends of Walter to turn up, but he He can not leave until the rat is still lacking, so everyone helps him look for. The six become a potential rat food ... <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz Altered species was co-editor and director Miles Feldman and has very little to recommend it. Scenario Producer Serge Rodnanski poor and in combination with a total production shoddiness generally Altered Forms really lame. To begin with blunt, annoying and formulaic character. Then there is the unoriginal story with mad scientists monster he created, isolated place, stranded people and cast a mandatory final showdown between the hero and the monster. It's all in here somewhere. Modified types moved on fair pace, which is just about the best thing I can say about it and, fortunately, not so long dlyus. It's basically your average ordinary killer mutant rat and film are not particularly good at it, too. <br /> <br /> Director Feldman movies as TV movie and all this is thoroughly bland and forgettable while some of the special effects and percussion scenes leave much to be desired. To begin, the rat terrible CGI, an attack sequence a handheld camera movement jerks & very fast edits to try and hide the fact that all the rats just passively sit there. At different points Altered types of garden rat should shake due to the movement of rats, but you can clearly see all the rats just sitting there, like someone shaking cells from the screen. Giant Rat monster at the end looks pretty poor as it's just a quirky guy in a suit. There's no panic, there is no tension or atmosphere, and since then, when the cellars contain a bright neon lighting? There are one or two good bits of gore someone here has a nice big muddy hole where their face used to be, has severed hand and beheadings, many rat bites, someone who has his eyeball ripped and dead mutilated cat. <, Br /> <br /> Technically Altered types of sub standard throughout. This occurs within a single building, a cheap looking CGI effects & low production values. Act not up to much, but it's not so bad, and any special Leah Rowan Alicia as she was a little baby and makes change views just a little bit better and easier to watch ... <br /> <br /> Change the appearance of not a particularly good film in fact it's pretty bad, but I suppose you could do worse. Not great, but it might be worth a look if you are not too demanding and do not have anything else to do.
