Nelly Shipman had paid a hefty sum of money to promote the off-road capabilities of Maxwell. The plot is pretty simple, Nelly plays a writer who has a bad case of writer's block and need inspiration, so she goes to visit Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There she meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who decided to drive rather than ride a horse. While Nelly attends with his father's partner in the mining camp, a gang of local thugs to kidnap her and bring her to his camp deep in the desert. The hero must get to it quickly, so he decides to go there with his car. This is where the film takes a surprising turn. Bert continues to ride on any terrain imaginable, huge rocks, small streams, heavy brush, stumps thin, steep slopes, etc. etc., for the most part of the film we will see this car with all forces to crawl through an obstacle. Now you see, this is not a modern ATV, it's 1920 Maxwell car, so it looks very out of place as an SUV. And it obviously has restrictions on certain terrain it encounters, we will see, he was late more than once in this film. But the filmmakers endeavored to show it to beat the odds, and in the end, after going through all the obstacles. After the hero finds himself in a hidden camp and saves the girl, he jumps in the car with her and leaves with the bandits hot on the trail (on horseback), and in that moment he was hysterically funny to me. Watching the car slowly tipping huge stones stuck in the sand and mountain brush, going back and forth to get enough momentum to get through the fallen branches, the bandits must have had plenty of time to catch up. But they never do, even if we have to believe this wilderness chase continues throughout the night. And stupid climax, the car goes up the mountainside, and helps the hero Nelly and push a huge boulder down the hill to crush the bandit chase. <br /> <br /> After watching this film you think the army should invest in 1920 Maxwell car, because they clearly have the best possible off-road than the Humvee and Bradley tanks combined. See this movie just for fun, it's worth it to see Nelly pressed against the car grill and saying, "You have done everything possible, brave little car"
