to compensate for the current movie audience - I certainly overwhelmed by the number of positive reviews this wretched film gathered here. I can not believe, can not help but be suspicious, for that matter, in the back alley wins critics touting Annette Bening on Oscar; hole in the kitchen ceiling may be more suitable to carry it scenery chewing. She's a wonderful actress, but it is, unfortunately, unbalanced performance, the lack of quality that the main actors of the film must master to catch the cadence script and maintaining it for a sketchy madness that is shooting the film. <br /> <br /> I really do not want to accuse Ms. Bening or most other artists (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no justification for its Muzzy work), but because it's a terrible adaptation of the classic case of false (I am ready to take on the . I have not read the book and do not think it will be after this). The script starts us in the middle / unaccountability confusion and extreme emotional anguish spewing from hoaxes characters who have developed relationships either with us or with each other. It quickly becomes a grotesque over-tsunami, an attack that afflicted character and the audience, and left me, shaking his head as the survivors in the detritus, who remained at the end of each recurring episode. Shock and Awe to describe my reaction to the insane, bipolar mood swings between chatter and so quiet sensitivity, the latter telegraphed to one of the most annoying, manipulative, droning soundtrack I've heard - that is, if all this is not being installed in a ridiculously incongruous toon . - the period of the thing, I know, but chose to disregard the amazing colors of the scene <br /> <br /> As it is perfectly cast involved in this, I do not know - I can not believe that they have seen the script before signing. Of course, they apply their skills with passion - I felt so sorry for a great Jill Clayburgh laden cartoon bag lady costume and wig in vain to unscrew something value sketchy and clichéd dialogue. In contrast to this, somehow, Alec Baldwin rises above the material to ensure a consistent, fine, real-world performance. Can someone give this man leading role of matter, please? What about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? One might think that the industry could make better use of it, and without sounding like a hairy, like Elliott Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My voice? Standing turd, it's okay, but do not communicate with heaven.
