When you try to kill the emir Ohtar, Arab rule on a visit to Washington, DC, his life was saved by a waitress named Sunny Davis. Solar is becoming a national heroine and media celebrities, and as a reward is offered a job working for the United States section of the protocol of the State Department. Unknown to her, however, State Department officials, who offered her a job has a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> map, we see indicates Ohtar, lying on the borders of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in the region of barren desert known as the Rub 'al Khali, or Empty Quarter. The real state of life in this place will have a population of almost zero, almost zero and strategic importance, but for the purposes of the film, we have to recognize that Ohtar has great strategic importance in the Cold War, and the US government is seeking to build a military there base, to do whatever they can in order to keep on the good side of his head. It turns out that the Emir liked attractive young woman who had saved him, and he reached an agreement with the State Department; they can have their base on the condition that it can be sunny as the latest addition to his harem. Sunny new job just a ploy to ensure that the Emir has additional capabilities to meet her. <br /> <br /> Land, as it could be grounds for some hilarious satires, but in fact the satirical content of the film is quite toned. Perhaps, in 1984, the American public is in no mood for a sharp satire on the foreign policy of his country; it is, after all, the year that Ronald Reagan spends forty-nine of the fifty states in the election of the president and his hard line against the Soviet Union obviously goes down well with the voters. (If the movie was made a few years later, as a result of Iran's affairs / Contra, his tone may be different). <br /> <br /> The film is not so much satire as a means of Goldie Hawn, to show its brand wit and charm. Sunny is a typical pretty Goldie characterize, sweet-natured, naive and not too bright. There is, however, a limit to how far you can go with wit and charm alone, and you can not automatically make a good bad movie, just making the leading character dumb blonde. (In fact, it sounds like a recipe for creating a good movie bad). Goldie tries his best to keep this one, but never succeeds. One reason is the inconsistent manner in which her character is drawn. On the one hand, Sunny sweet, innocent country girl from Oregon. On the other hand, it is a 35-year-old woman who works at a sleazy bar and wearing revealing clothes. Effect rather like introducing Sunnybrook Farm Rebecca grew up and worked as a bunny girl. <br /> <br /> more important reason why Goldie can not save this film, even the best comedian or comedienne no better than his / her material, and "Protocol" simply unfunny. Regardless of humor, there is tired and strained, relying on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who, apparently, all the lust of Western women, especially if they are blond and blue-eyed. There has been a lot of this kind of thing on the mid-eighties, as it was a period that also saw terrible Ben Kingsley / Kinski film "Harem" of lustful Middle Eastern leader who kidnaps a young American woman, and a mini-series of the same name which told the story of practically identical with the installation period. The filmmakers seem to understand that their movie will not work as pure comedy, because the end it turns into his race newfound "Smith Goes to Washington." Sunny transformed from Bimbo blonde in the political wisdom of the well and starts to say all sorts of platitudes about democracy and the Constitution and the duty of a citizen to vote and We the People of Liberty, and as the price for eternal vigilance blah blah blah ????, but in fact the film is not more successful as a political parable than this as a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn made some good comedy Such as "Cactus Flower", "behind" and "" Housesitter, "but the" Protocol "is not one of them. I have not seen all of his films, but one of those that I saw these horrible comedy is much worse. 3/10
