This film wants to clarify that the perpetrators are a product of modern society. Thus, it is possible thieves, rapists and killers (killer of the film, Carl Panzram (James Woods), all three and worse) will take full responsibility for their actions? An interesting idea, but it is very difficult to bring to the screen in the intellectually and emotionally satisfying way. And this is where the killer: Kills Magazine falls very short. Despite the fact that the film tries to put Panzram behavior in the long term, with flashbacks to his wild youth and dysfunctional upbringing, the viewer never gets the idea that Panzram is the victim and not the perpetrator. Of course, the corrupt system with a bandit who takes the whole sick bay Leavenworth prison (where most of the film takes place), the majority of the prison guards are sadistic bullies, and the chief of the prison a sort of mania despot greatness. But why on earth does a new prison guard Henry Lesser (Robert Sean Leonard) to take such a pity Panzram? Even after having read his diaries disgusting? The film offers an explanation: fewer witnesses Panzram knocked to death of the sadistic (and stereotypical) security and intelligence impressed Panzram (although it is not clear why little thought this man is so clever). Of course, it is not enough to sympathize with the enemy of man, as Panzram, despite the fact that the film has a tendency to downplay their crimes, and to emphasize their individuality? By Loesser, Panzram loyally, and the viewer gets the impression that for Lesser outweigh all the atrocities he had read in his diaries in Panzram. Does this man Small so few friends that he takes at face value all those who seem to be only vaguely friendly to him? Maybe this is not enough, which is a product of modern society, judging by their appearance rather than substance. <br /> <br /> I can advise Monster starring Charlize Theron and Christina Ricci, as a film, which handles about the same topics with far more integrity and extent <br /> <br /> By the way :. Killer looks like a blow to the TV (not so good)
