Using a ton of footage, and not just from Trader Horn, but the first two films in the series (eg, alligator battle was used last time), it is one of the weakest films at MGM series. Its huge let down after the classic Tarzan and His Mate, which is arguably the best film in the series. <br /> <br /> The plot have cousin Jane, entering the jungle to tell her that she has inherited a state where it "will return to demand it. They are born in his grave, as the relative who had left her money to cut them out of will.Hiring great white hunter, who secretly dreams to capture Tarzan and sell it, a pair of goals in the jungle, where they run into trouble usual jungle (the more because of the footage). After many conversations Jane decides to go back to civilization, and we have long sequences of Tarzan and Jamie making Kissy face. Finally, in the last half hour of the plot to capture Tarzan set in motion, and everything finally it became interesting as plans go awry, and it looks very bleak for all stakeholders .. <br /> <br /> It hurts a dull film with ' It is clear evidence of a restless production. the film seems to have been collected from a number of films from the first half an hour, playing almost exact repetition of the previous film. In the middle of the third shows signs to stretch things and have storylines that ultimately went nowhere. The last third, where Tarzan is captured and the game belongs in danger is the time that the film finally comes to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence that caused much of the need to re-shoot the film). For me, his greatest miracle, as the series was able to continue here, because this movie is not very good (except at the end) .I would difficult to explain it but I would have to say that it was a link between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan Tarzan and Jane that kept people coming back. His excellent acting pairing and really one of the screens large pores. <br /> <br /> (I should probably also be noted that this case is that the film has become less realistic and more fantastic with the advent of Tarzan tree house.) I do not really like the first hour or so of the film is very much and find it a great waste of time and energy. If you can come to the end, I would recommend to give the film a try. Otherwise I would just skip the whole movie and go to the next film in the series.
