In a small American town Meadowvale Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, a list of IMDb for this character is not so this is definitely not a doctor Dr. Blake Blakely) is the director and founder of the famous "Psychological Research Institute", as well as host a local television program called "independent thinkers". He uses it to show the tanker to hypnotize the audience and get them to commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has a big brain help with the evil person who uses it the spinal cord, the tail gizmo. Normally, the brain is just sitting in the tank, eating mice and the odd bad actor, every time he eats someone, he gets a lot more. At the same time at a local high school gifted, but a caring teenager Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) was caught putting Sodium down the toilet. Jim goes to Dr. Blake in the PRI for help with his attitude and behavioral problems. While Dr. Blake intercepts Jim, well, I really do not know what. That's all it is, is attached to the brain. In the first, Jim is able to resist the control of brain consciousness. The brain senses that Jim is a threat to themselves, and it plans. After a disturbance, Jim begins to have strange hallucinations and feeds his car. Jim makes it to the waitress girlfriend Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but it is transmitted back to Blake's assistant Dr. Verna (George Buza) soon after by Marks officer (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim, because he is the only one who is able to withstand this mind control techniques, and "independent thinkers" national brain occur nothing or no one wants to stop this evil plan for world domination! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the entire city and only he should stop the brain, before he takes over the world! <br /> <br /> Directed by Ed Hunt, who calls himself Edward Hunt here, the brain was not as bad as I thought it would be. Do not get me wrong, as it is certainly not great either. Scenario Barry Pearson tries a kick in the satire with brainwashing and mind control of the storyline TW .. It moves at a fair pace and not too boring. No explanation is given for the existence of the brain at all, it is just there, and that we all have to accept it. History bit changeable and never fully explores a single element, there is a TV control of the mind, the brain itself, Jim hunted by the police and his bad behavior, and various other little pieces here and there, including a bizarre revelation about Dr. Blake, that is not explained at all. Production wise, this film looks cheap, and probably was cheap. Actions are not big, but I've seen worse, and that David Gale doing this? In fact, this role is similar to Gale in Re-Animator (1985), even to the death of his character in both films. The brain itself is sitting on the ground in the tank and begins to grow when he eats someone and in the end, it's pretty big. Each stage only rubber. It does not look particularly good, and if terribly scared, just cheap. There is no blood or blood in it except for the flicker and you miss it decapitation. Nudity is provided by assistant Dr. Vivian Blake (Christine Kossak, Christine Kossak), before it gets eaten. The brain has a certain fun for me, but I think most people do not like it. Maybe worth a look if you can see it on TV free.
