To say that the Thunderbirds is unpleasant, forced, in-your-face, ugly look disgusting to listen and painful to watch the film would not have said enough. There are only two reasons I can think of why you would want to see this movie: 1; Thunderbirds you saw, when you were young (like me), and I wonder what it is, but you really only watch to see how bad they screwed things. Or 2; you see it with someone up to ten years. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manages to cock all attempts. The list goes on and on, but there are other, more subtle, demeaning things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From the off, Thunderbirds wrong, wrong, wrong. All moral message and "goal" set in a painful way: Jeff Tracy (new at least for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son, Alan, it has not yet manifested itself in Thunderbird after Alan accidentally and stupidly decided to descend into the interior of the Tracy Island to run Thunderbird One. The entire film is then a series of events and failures fires consisting of Alan, trying to prove that he was at that time his father and other brothers were in space on board Thunderbird five. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the actors understood to carry the film: 16-year-old Alan Tracy (corsets), 16-year-old Tina Tina (Hudgens) and 14-year-old farm (the Fulton), who is the son of brains. To say that watching the "adventure" that they get to painful is an understatement. Often try to act and use a script while fighting evil «Hood» (Kingsley) in a ridiculously unfunny and unnatural ways acts as an entertainment for the film; it differs only when all else. In addition, all "mind control", which was very tiring, and mostly pulled down the film, as it was too much and suggested a way for our heroes to see the weaknesses in The Hood ?? I forced and accidental. <br /> <br /> I know that most of the "film for the stay of children in these days trying to integrate some material for adults, but in the Thunderbirds it is done in such a way that fetishises Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope, and I think it is not by chance that she was a little older than the other children ?? in 24 years, it is too good to be true it often highly charged scenes and carry an erotic jolt We see her in the bath, bubbles in her neck to watch TV;.. in it comes butler and pulled in secret, as it is tempting to change channels with her wet, naked and b rbalkay covered legs of the boom its massive, bright pink high heels fills the screen during different stages:. This is the first happening, when it is actually connected to the other cases during a fist fight with another woman twinned with that, her bright pink costumes! that show just enough cover more simply, particularly outstanding, as it is so that it moves and talks to this Posh, dominant, English accent; which sounds like a command lover (well, she LADY Penelope finally ??, and you'd better make sure to call her) all this is ridiculous, but editing is so fast that the kids will not notice, but it sure as hell is, <br / > <br /> actual story The Hood is doing what he is doing only to rob several banks very strange characters who are his bodyguards :. caller who looks like a woman and seriously rich black person who gets mixed lot. Should we be laughing at this? What about the fight scenes? Bad choreographed stunts and what the hell, with silly sounds? It's very, very ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The list goes on. Way Bill Paxton plays it all as seriously as he had been told that they are doing it one way, but it was done differently, as Ford Motor Company has slapped their logo everywhere. News bulletin: sponsored by the Ford, even the camera moves to support Ford on several occasions, when the cars are in the frame, then, as a CGI looks like something out of a computer game video clip ?? it's infuriating. The fact is, we are told to believe that the 16-year-old girl can swim in the freezing Thames, against the tide, to save downed monorail (monorail over the Thames!?) To get back to the hatch, and thus save the day keeps her breathing. This is an absolute bull and manufacturers know this ?? I do not even know when the 10-year-old will absorb it <br /> <br /> In short :. To avoid to avoid to avoid. Thunderbirds is infuriating, unfunny, bad script and even Rolls Royce has been taken out and replaced by a flying car ?? everything that could go wrong, even to go wrong.
