The original Thunderbirds earned a place in the history of television. It was, and still is very fond of - in fact, the entire first 10 minutes of the film Wallace and Gromit (Wererabbit) is a direct show of Thunderbirds, including direct playback of the original Thunderbird 2 sequence starts (if you do not 't believe to obtain a film, and then get a copy of the original episode, which launched Thunderbird 2) <br /> <br /> This film was an attempt to make a stupid child "movie -. if the original was loved and enjoyed by kids and adults alike! In the original, Thunderbirds spent all their time rescuing people who are often closed, if Mother Nature or technology gone terribly wrong (yes, there was sometimes a criminal act). The Thunderbirds put their own lives and resources on risk no reward - the very essence of heroism and selflessness. It was a little physical violence. The Thunderbirds challenge the imagination to such an extent - how many of us dream of ever build Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do this - many Japanese consider their admiration for humanoid robots to the old cartoon Astro Boy <br /> <br /> But this film was poor again the image of the original .. This film came across as Meld between the Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards as the brain, simulating a stuttering pig Spanking ????? Most of the action consists of a type of combat Kung Fu / Power Rangers. Indeed, it was amusing sound effects, if someone was nailed on the head with a frying pan. Technologies that have made our vision there was no - instead we have these kids running around, using the plot device that has never been in the original series (which has a whole team to take off immediately, leaving the base occupied by children and the brain). Then there was a dose of "Use the Force Luke" mysticism thrown in when the TinTin would fly something or other, in conjunction with the hood using aerodynamics that look like they were shot with "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." About just not enough to go to The Hood, "Tintin, I am your uncle," breathing mask voice. The heart that has made a unique Thunderbirds was GONE <br /> <br /> The only bright spot was the portrayal of Ron Cook Parker. - he caught it perfectly. But the actress playing Lady Penelope came across as a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. If someone stew that was popular on the base of the fan, and expects the fans to shell out money to watch, and then deliver what was not even close to what fans expect - well, I'm sorry, it's just wrong! OK, so if they did a movie for children - a fine - next time to distribute it directly to video, where many of them belong. But do not pack anything in a familiar wrapper and change the filling.
