«Thunderbirds» was very popular sixties show, which goes beyond the years and generations to the point it still is now as popular as in adults and children, as it was in its heyday. Thus, it was possible to bring the opportunity to make a feature film of live action with a million pounds a Hollywood budget was a great opportunity to revive the series, as was done with the "Spider-Man" and «X-Men». But a terrible story and bland action to destroy this opportunity, and it soon became apparent, everything that has been designed for this film was a trip into the bargain Bean kiddies section. <br /> <br /> Instead of a film focusing on Tracey five sons, their father and faithful freak brain seeks to save people and to defend the world from the villains, our hero in this Drudge is unhappy and self-willed thirteen-year-old Alan Tracey, chatyrnatstsats- year-old tin-tin and a ten-year-old brain box Farm, son of the brain (yes, the son of the brain, in spite of this, being a man who could not, of course, never kill a woman when he was trying, maybe he I raise a child in a Petri dish). How can you say to run our three main characters, this 2004 remake of «Thunderbirds» was clearly aimed at the entertainment is only a child under the age of twelve years, instead of trying to appeal to a wide age range as those involved in such high renaissance "spider-Man" did. The story itself was so bland with clumsy, awkward dialogue and weak jokes that probably will not please the bright teenager earlier. Writer seemed more interested in tearing «Spy Kids» (which was at least a quirky and original) instead of remaking the show people know and love. <br /> <br /> While Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent, Miss Penelope and Parker, they only had about three lines between them, so that their presence was hardly felt. Bill Paxton Jeff Tracey was just boring and there was only the slightest mention of the other four boys Tracey while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley as the brain and Hood, respectively, were just uncomfortable. Hood, in particular, do not threaten or sinister, and instead comes across as a campy, two-bit stereotypical villain as weak-willed, like a piece of rotten lettuce. <br /> <br /> Corsets, who plays Alan Tracy, may well be a good young actor, but it was hard to understand that in the film, where he plays whinging boy who just cuts and the same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson, tin-lead, as most of it gets done, it looks pretty and be all for «Girl Power». Oddly enough, a young farm Soren Fulton, who is the only interesting character in the movie as the Fulton provides a natural and quiet operation. <br /> <br /> «Thunderbirds» series will be forever remembered as a great show, which proves the doll can give a solid idea! «Thunderbirds» movie will be forgotten by most and remember a few as one big flop.
