I have always believed that the most enormous box-office failures usually have something to recommend them, but after a remake of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds, I'm beginning to doubt it. For those who are not familiar, it is based on a puppet show about a family of astronauts that use state of the art missiles, space ships and submarines, to save people from a variety of disasters (falling bridges affected aircraft, burning buildings, etc. .) each week. Well, dolls are gone (replaced by a much more lifeless teenagers), and so the room - only one stupidly put salvation and the story shamelessly ripped off Spy Kids without any signs of imagination, wit and fun. Young Alan Tracey feels left out of all the salvation we never see others Traceys do because Dad will not let him play with a real rocket, until it passes the test. Grounded on the beautiful tropical island (! Some penalties), his chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a bunch of bleach identikit blondes that look like a gay neo-Nazi boy band without a single bit of characterization between them - stranded in space, and he must be a day, uh, run through the jungle, make a phone call by running a hose on inept villains comedy relief and pouring them into the trash to bad actions. <br /> <br /> good chances few and far between. One of them is the fact that the film mainly in the spotlight. Other all they have to go to the Seychelles, which looks beautiful <br /> <br /> bad moments :. Where to start? Career lowpoint speech of Ben Kingsley? The above inept relief sidekick comedies that would embarrass Children's Film Foundation in the worst case? The almost complete lack of action or effects in $ 70m sci-fi movie? Scary scenario, inanimate direction odious moralizing? But most of all the fact that the film is so indulgent in every way. Forget the lessons of life and from the peg sentiment, this film is directed straight at the under-eights of people who know what they're doing a movie in childhood and is constantly talking down to their target audience, throwing in jokes fifth courses and procedures that would offend the majority of children, only recently mastered the art of speech. This film could be replaced is sent to bed early without dinner as a favorite punishment of parents for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest flops in the history of British cinema (it does not even cover the cost of prints and marketing), it's just about watchable, if only as an illustrative example of how NOT to do a summer movie.
