Frakes is a good actor, and if he does not send a family film, a great filmmaker. But it's actually the film should be sent not, and the script was rejected. The director and writers have to understand that the original TV show was really about and who these characters are and how they work. The original series had a lot of scenes with razor writing, using a good dialogue and situations that American manufacturers would never consider using in children's programs, much less, the film that made the original series so well received by adults. I mean, Tracys were college graduates, and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there are characters who really got killed, though most of them were bad guys. If they wrote it in such a way that it was originally made, not dumbing things down with bad dialogue, kindergarten humor, and a weak plot, it is a universal / Studio Canal joint venture will not be such a bad rap. <br /> <br /> This motion picture is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original series Supermarionation, then you'll know what I'm saying! <br /> <br /> The first thing was ridiculous and annoying was the constant references to Ford Motor Company, even so far as Lady Penelope in the mutilated drive Ford Thunderbird made to look like a FAB-1, instead of using that it was would be more appropriate, given the station, Ms. Penelope (not to mention to be more precise the original), Rolls-Royce FAB-1. It should be an outstanding member of the British society, thus, the advantage of the best brands of England on cars in the original series. Another reviewer here indicated that Penelope would not be caught dead in a Ford. He is pretty much right in the context of the idea of ​​her drive in Ford is not working. At the very least, they might have to go to Penelope Jaguar was like FAB 1, as the Jaguar, the British make a car that belongs to Ford, you but NO! They had to use direct FORD! But Ford product placement does not end there. Every single car you can see it's Ford! Even the news flash, which is shown on TV in the film sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The advantage of car Ford makes this film is obvious marketing vehicle Ford. <br /> <br /> In the original series was a project that was packed to the 1960s and is still ahead of its time, even today. But, futuristic design in the original series he worked, because it was an attempt to make the design look like practical and functional. This type of treatment does not exist in the film, where everything is styled in excess, smashing sense of functionality and practicality. A lot of things that have been made in the development of the film were made strictly in style, many times without feeling function, to give it a sense of style reasons. <br /> <br /> The original series has relied on good acting performances speakers to overcome the limitations of expression in puppet, resulting in episodes of their lives. Brilliant live music cost Barry Gray helped further connect the audience with the story, characters, and all come together to help achieve the goal of a super (some talk of Stanislavsky). The film, on the other hand, there have been some extremely grating performance. Anthony Edwards outperform Brains to a shortage, Bill Paxton as Jeff Tracy just does not work in spite of a decent action (one of the few), have been the best choice for Hood than Ben Kingsley, and many others that I do not want to mention (it It would take too much time). Simply put, the dolls were more believable! Second was too general and destroyed the score by Hans Zimmer, sounding more like a mixture of "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13» <br /> <br /> And, of course, the hood. Hood in the original series had the opportunity to chat with Kyrano through articles Kyrano as an outlet for ESP contact. But it was where his unusual ability is over. He is a master of disguise and deception, which allows him to sneak unnoticed (for the most part, anyway) to gather information about the Thunderbirds vehicles for him own funds. It also uses a weapon for his own Abar us, including pistols, and usually collects information using a film camera, even though he was trying to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 1960 United Artists release «Thunderbird 6" (which was the last Thunderbirds show filmed in Supermarionation and was the second Thunderbirds theatrical release). but, while it is the vengeance of the international rescue evil villain Sun Thunderbirds in each episode, and he wants to avoid direct confrontation with the international saving. In the movie, he is obviously the main villain, but he and his cohorts seem to act like idiots, along with Huda, who has advanced control capabilities of the mind, including the ability to move objects and move themselves in flight short time periods. This is completely different from the Hood as a character in the original series so that can keep the baby laugh and people familiar with the series of scratching their heads in confusion or leave the theater with disgust. <br /> <br /> There are a number of criticisms, but the boundary of 1000 words for reviews IMDb will not allow me to list all of them. Therefore, I will finish with a point is that I did not like this movie. In fact, I think it sucks! Having seen the original series and movies Supermarionation (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping for something much better than this. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than live action farce. (And it says it's good.) - Kip Wells
