I'm not a fan of Left Behind series of books - books are written at reading the sixth grade to the lack of research and understanding of science, technology and policy. Although the book still manages to remain faithful to Scripture, methods of their fulfillment of the prophecy is often funny (an example is their interpretation of the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). In addition, the books have a definite didactic tone, which exclude a non-believer, not to bring them to the gospel. Nevertheless, I found myself reading these books, because my interest in the events of Revelation. For the same reason, I was watching the filming. I am sad to say that it's pretty mediocre film bordered on the poor. The acting is actually pretty decent for the most part with random bits of bad actions and excessive action. The script is pretty bad, but it's hardly surprising that, starting with the novel as a basis. Symbols poorly drawn and underdeveloped. Events are feeling scattered and excommunicated. The dialogue sometimes sounds rushed. At least, the book failed to specify their false theory of conspiracy. Here the viewer is an incoherent mess that just makes a lot of sense, if one read the book. Walk the film is also very poorly executed with the opening and the conclusion very quickly apparent and the average drag painfully slow stretch, making it feel pads. Music schizophrenic. From time to time, he successfully emphasizes mood and sounds appropriate for the film. At other times, it reminds me of comedies and mini-series music. And other bits remind me of poppy MTV soundtrack, which simply does not belong in the film. I can give the film points to a scene of panic on board the plane, but it's true. Other scenes involving disaster after the ascension far from convincing. The film also suffers from preachiness books, though his message is not quite as in your face. Overall, I found the film as well as disappointment in the series. This is not a movie, to rally Christians around him. I hope that this film does not receive any attention to the screens next year. It would be too much bad publicity for Christianity. As an example of a compelling, intelligent, well-researched series based on the book of Revelation, which is realistic and the Christian view of the world, entirely secular offending the reader (who after all should be, a Christian who is trying to reach) to read the trilogy Christ Clone James BeauSeigneur. This is a great read and is a much better choice for non-believers or believers who appreciate quality.
