Never before has a movie theme producers was more transparent. Let's see: FIRST, they are all ready to televangelists inflate the film as the greatest thing since sliced ​​white bread. Further, they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to get a copy of the film so as to recoup their paltry production costs and pump your advertising budget. And finally, if the film gets to the cinema, to get as many said Christians as possible to see it again, coach them in multiplexes, if necessary, not on the merits of the film, so the # 1 box office opening will be seen, as a kind of deep spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But it certainly will not be enough. I believe that any critic with boldness, to give a "backward" nothing short light of the review will be considered "anti-Christian". <br /> <br /> Of course, it is shamelessly manipulative marketing campaigns should not surprise anyone. It is, after all, a good old-fashioned capitalism at work. What really surprises me how many people have been deceived by a whole «Left Behind» thinking. As someone trying to balance their spiritual beliefs with some sense of reason and rationality, it leaves me scratching my head. It would seem that there are many, many people who actually believe that in the near future «Rapture» will take place, and that millions of people all over the earth at the same time going to disappear into thin air. What kind of reality, I wonder, do these people live in? It is this «Rapture» what they actually believe, or something they want to believe well? And when they reach the end of their lives and to realize this «Rapture» did not happen, they will be frustrated and disappointed? Will there be more people over 100 years of insisting that «Rapture» inevitable? <br /> <br /> In a sense, I almost want to make this event happen! What an interesting day that would be! What would be even more interesting if the Apocalypse were to be held in a more exciting way, and not in the anthropological sense of the authors of the "backward" series painted, but the more the production of Steven Spielberg, with boiling clouds, trumpets angels descend from the sky, the moon turned to blood, the whole nine yards. Imagine, we come to the realization that it was all true, just as the evangelists have warned for many years, and that there was something stranger than a cold, hard, physical reality in which we live. Would not that be something ??? <br /> <br /> However, ultimately, is that cold, hard, physical reality that I will be satisfied. My life is not so meaningless that I need fear «Rapture» and «End Times», in order to understand all of this ... and I do not want heaven or hell to bribe or intimidate me in his well, thanks a lot.
