It was a while since seeing it for the first time, so I watched it again with another film in the series. While I understand that this is the third film that I have not seen, I will discuss under the original name ... <br /> <br /> Just in terms of cost of production, screen writing and film, this film does not work on many levels although it is possible for a few, as well. What can you expect from a low-budget «B» movies? Not so much, and it works in terms of production. However, the letter, of course, inconsistent, with little in the way of character development ... is exactly what I would expect if there is the agenda for the film. I had no problem with the current ... cast solid; However, in both films script gives the actors a little opportunity to really stretch yourself. As the film "Christian", it is predictable, since you can not very well reflect the turbulent chaos of the "end times" without violating some ethics that are commonly associated with Christianity. In other words, the error comes to making it into a G-rated movie if the content, even in the most conservative interpretations of the Bible, would be R-rated, by any measure. Thus, if the purpose of the film, to scare people to the Christian faith, the film should be a little scary, right? However, you can not comment on the film adaptation of a book, without commenting on the book, or in this case, a series of books. Of course, there are many Christian materials worthy enough to be made into a movie ... but not "retarded" series ... and these films are ultimately not because, at the same time best sellers, they do not write a novel based on the poor theology. <br /> <br /> Southern Baptist, I'll admit that the books were gloating to me, although I still have to finish the last two books of the series. I described them as worthy of science fiction, and if the book will take the view that it is a "possibility" or interpretation of biblical eschatology subject (study of the "end times), something I could live with it. However, this series is split in Christian circles because it contributes to "literally" explanation of the Scriptures on a correct hermeneutics. This inevitably leads to a "pre-Trib, pre-millennial" structure point of view, which contains All- powerful God too for the world of mankind. In other words, as I have always said that God does not need our helicopters and bombs to make his final work. But since many people, especially Christians studied, can not think outside of their own world, we are left with a conservative, fundamentalist position regarding the interpretation of the Bible and trying to push through as the "only" interpretation. <br /> <br /> Thus, the books carry with them the agenda, not so much to get "lost" in order to understand their need for Christ, but assert that a fundamentalist point of view is the only correct way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly read (several years ago) in the second novel of the scene where the characters to refer to a man who was "left" because of his failure to this point of view; as if the "real" Christians deserve to be "captured" I could not hold another eschatology. This concern for several reasons, the least due to the fact that "Ascension" is only briefly mentioned in the Scriptures, and that's a real connection, the end-time prophecy tenuous at best. <br /> <br /> But the real problem with these books comes in how they divide the Christian community and how they portray the "real" Christian behavior. In the end, I feel that they harden more people, otherwise legitimate faith / religion, and not winning people to it. It turns out all the Christians in cartoons, equally despised and mocked the world, despite the fact that there are theological room for a wide variety considered in Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, as a whole, we have done enough damage to this type of society in the course of 2000 years of history ... and we certainly do not want to promote his film, thousands, perhaps millions of others. <, Br /> <br /> Thus, «Left Behind» movies fail because the "Left Behind" books are not worthy to be interpreted in the cinema.
