The Legend of Bloody Jack is in the wilderness of Alaska and begins, as a relative of some murderous dead occultists Lumberjack reads plots (The Evil Dead (1982) style) with the ancient book of spells in an attempt to restore it, it is a success and not a big fan of family unity Woodman dude kills his relative. Two days later, and Ray (Travis Quentin Young) with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of his friends to pull the outside of the cozy cabin (The Evil Dead style ...) to watch a relaxing weekend in desert. Unfortuntaely to killer man lumberjack show with his ax and starts killing friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Edited, written, and directed by executive producer Todd Portugal's pretty rotten modern chopper Flick, the likes of which killed genre horror for me, I'm just not a big fan of ultra-low budget horror movies with video production holiday values. The script is absolutely terrible in every way for 80 minutes, it has all the bad chopper cliché terrible character, dialogue is terrible and hard to care about someone or something in this regard is quite useless for teen slasher. Teenagers even more annoying and more stupid than usual scenario is more stupid, predictable and disadvantages than usual, and murderers Woodman dude just lame. Then there's the last 10 minutes or so that, if you make it that far, and believe that it is difficult to walk, produces one of the worst twist ending slasher film history, which, as I understand it ridicules our paying audience, which has just I had to sit through 90 minutes worth of shit. Now I'm going to spoil the ending, so that anyone who does not want to know that it is not read. Basically, only the end of the movie, he cuts back Ray tells the story & it turns out, he told the story of what we have just seen, and Nick and Don and all other berates him for telling such a bad story (I felt their pain) and then proceed to try to discover in it and laugh at him. With the words, why do they stand around and argue why they do not pick up the ax & things like that, I felt like it was poking fun at the audience as they were all sorts of things, I asked myself, watching this crap & to which he put his my throat and it is clear that the founders knew that the script was shit, and could see all the holes in it and went to a twist ending which shamelessly rubbishes previous 80 minutes (we just had to sit through remember) just a little grating. Then add salt to the wound dude Woodman turns up and kills all within two minutes, why did not he do this to begin with? It would have saved everyone a lot of time. <br /> <br /> Director Portugal turns into a real mess, this is the worst continuity between night and day in the film I've ever seen. The entire film is designed for installation at night and I suspect that the producers were trying to use that day for an overnight process, but it does not work and most of them looks like it's set in during the day. For example, take a look at when Lisa locked in the bathroom and she comes out of the window. This is obviously pitch black outside when we look inside the bathroom, but when she falls to the ground and cut the film to the outside shot is bright daylight. Then there is the fact, Ranger Vince says that we can not get a search party here until the "morning" that shows what was to be the night, then a few minutes later, when he goes out and it looks like it's the middle of the day when it is in fact to carry the torch, which is clearly on & it clearly shows in the direction where it looks like it's night. At any time, there is a scene set in the salon look at the window, it's pitch black outside and if Ranger passes through the door to start with as another example. Continuity in this movie just the worst I've ever seen. There is not much gore, there are a few scenes axes going into the bodies of people, but nothing memorable. It's not terrible, there is no voltage or the atmosphere of the day, and the monstrous and the continuity of the night just so distracting because it's so obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically the film rock bottom again the continuity between night and day must be seen to be believed, how bad it is. The special effects are poor and could not afford to show even the car blow up, even if it is very important to the plot. This is amateur hour written all over it from the beginning to the end. Actions are absolutely brilliant and all participants should get an Oscar, nah jokes, in fact they were not completely awful, and even girls who received their breast with not very good looking. <br /> <br /> The Legend fucking Jack just awful teenage slasher film, it looks like it was filmed with a video camera without a tripod or steadycam, it has terrible consequences, it is sad and has a twist ending that either the most offensive in the history of horror a movie or have it completely wrong, and it is the most intelligent. Do not look decent slasher with 70s or 80s, to remind you how they should be done.
