Initially, I gave it a rating of two-episode now I wish I thought of it. I also want them to be negative rating options. <br /> <br /> Watching this, I was amazed at how poor it was from start to finish. I love Perlman, John Carpenter ... so what went wrong ?? Last season 13 episode was pulled because of the way he handled the issue of abortion. I think this season, Mr. Carpenter was able to do something like that gray area that you can not immediately see when it's about the choice or pro-life. It was only after I sat and thought about it, I realized that he was very much anti-abortion- you this most clearly in the end, when the "mother" of the child shoots and kills him, to the disappointment of "Old Man" who goes to the mountains, leaving his mother unharmed. But you also see it in the way the character is Ron P. treated- I do not think that if someone proved himself enough threat in the past, to have a court order against him, that they would not immediately went to the police, instead we guard almost sympathetically deal with it (only pay for it in the end) I do not mind someone who has a strong opinion on something, even if it's not something that I agree, but I think its a bit weak Sun adhere to this point of view, rather than trying to look as if they sit somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> However, political issues aside, this episode was for the poor. Music retro 70s and simply does not work. Actions (except Ron P.) was poor. dreadful effects - it might be best to show -not- monster at all, and do not show a lame excuse monster they had. <br /> <br /> All of this being said, I am glad that they have Horror- Master I do not mind sitting through a few really poor episodes to find good. Its a bit like a horror movie rental video shop, every now and again you get a good one, and it makes it all worthwhile. I agree with the poster that said, maybe the name should be changed from the Masters- some of these people do not deserve the name. (Let me emphasize tho- even tho I hated this episode, John Carpenter FULLY deserves the title. He is a master through and through)
