I went to the video store and looked around to find some horror movies, after about 30 minutes I just raced and selected a few. I stumbled upon the "Masters of Horror", which contained the «Pro-Life» and the "Right to Die". They seemed the OK, the same old cheesy Horror shit, but I was wondering for some reason. This demonstrates the Pro-Life in the case of classic return to form for John Carpenter (I loved him «The Thing», so I thought it would be nice), and all that. So I turned it on, thinking it would be something big and exciting, I was very wrong ... It started by accident, just a girl running through the forest, afraid of something. The car stops and picks it up (just to be human, she had seen strange?) They take her into some clinic and studied for Sametime all this is happening, her father is the gate, and they do not allow it, he not aloud near the area. Most likely, from what he'd done in the past, but you do not know any of this at the moment. He really does not want his daughter in this place, the center of miscarriage. He is very much against such actions, believing that it is disgusting, and is not that "God" would. He "supports", I heard called «Pro-Life». Acting against abortion and going to extremes to allow children to be born, they are sick. They do not like the life of the unborn are accepted, but they killed people in the past to allow the birth? Justice is merely a figment of the mind. Anyway, on the run, after the treated pregnant woman learn Shes but far ahead than it should be. She's just a few weeks of pregnancy, but the months ahead. She keeps telling them that they are custom to understand her, and that she wants to miscarriage, and all, but in the end tells the truth, that she was raped by a Demon from Hell, and that her father wants the child (but believes that "God" She wants this baby, not someone who really does). He gets his 3 Sons (they were armed with pistols and a shotgun), and start to make they way to the clinic (shooting down anyone who does not cooperate). The head of the clinic, which must have had problems with them in the past, well prepared this time. Ends of one of the Fathers Sons murder, but eventually gets shot several times (wearing bulletproof jackets). Father then does what he believes that it is done for women. He will cut the hole where the Vagina is if it we a female, and some sticks suck thing there and sucks all the blood. While all this is happening, the girl gives birth in some demonic child with lots of legs and some Demon lifted from the ground (not in the same room), and begin to look for your child. Father sees it later, and starts questioning why it happened, he did what he was told to do, and does not understand why this is so. Demon scored both his son before, and now goes to the father ... While she kills the child, and the demon bear it (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> So, probably sounds pretty cool and exciting horror film, but it is not. Actions terrible and lacks enthusiasm, the script is boring and even creative, they choose the wrong characters and even build on them; just all together, all the small details, not even add to something large, a waste of time. I would not classify it as a horror, though it does have elements of horror, they end up not on what they are trying to achieve success. He felt like a "novice» Short-Movie, than John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for my lack of information, as well as a detailed review, I just did not have time to spend in order to write something exciting, also sorry if my spelling and details are wrong, I could not really be worked to explore anything.
