I can not wait to see John Carpenter's episode of the 2nd season, because his first, Cigarette Burns, was the best of season 1 (and I, like other episodes from this season). Oh, I was disappointed. <br /> <br /> To be fair Carpenter I think that the main problem with this episode was quite awful letter. The symbols on the side of the subject, it seemed to behave and speak as if they were written for the episode Walker, Texas Ranger. The acting was bad, and I usually like Ron Perlman much, but I can only blame so many of them, because the writing was so awful. I will not try to guess what the authors were trying to do, because it would be useless, but it seemed as if they're trying to mix horror (obviously) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, it is not surprising that seemed to stun a certain variety or religious nuts, as well as the fanatical anti-abortionists. And I am in favor of both goals, but it was done so badly that I was ashamed to watch the characters act and speak with such foolish inconsistency. It failed completely to offer any worthwhile opinion on subjects and horror element failed, and with such inept writing. <br /> <br /> While I do not think that Carpenter can be blamed for most thin here, I'll tell it to choose to direct the drama, and therefore has that bear responsibility. There are a few small bits that I found good, so 2 stars I gave it. <br /> <br /> The actual Gore and monster effects were good, but the CGI gore (two separate shots to the head) were so obviously lower quality CGI, they should have never been given kami. I am generally very critical of CGI, but not because I have a problem with that in principle. I have a problem with doing this. Technology, while the strange, in some respects, is not good enough to meet the "real" effects, whether miniature or dried blood, especially if you intend to comply with something organic and / or live, and thus, should not be used until they are, CGI can also be used in small amounts or, obviously, when the entire film animated. <br /> <br /> I will also take this opportunity to note that the show title Masters of Horror, it's a bad title to have. There's just not a lot of real "Masters of Horror" around. Maybe two or three. If the show was called "The Tale of horror" or something like that, that would be good. But as it stands criteria to guide one of these episodes, and so has been criticized for not being "master of horror" is that they have at least one horror film in his career. And do not even have to be good.
