London Underground, there is something inherently awful about it, with its long, winding tunnels, escalators taking you deeper and deeper into the earth, and, of course, the rats roaming the tracks.It source of wonder that he has not used in films horror often. It was used in the seventies horror Deathline aka Raw meat showing cannibalistic tribe that lives in an abandoned tunnel and the famous chase sequence in An American Werewolf in London. So I was glad to see that someone is trying to benefit from the atmosphere of the tube at night with the recent production Creep UK. <br /> <br /> I thought that the film has started well, with a very good credit sequence that was really worried, and then the scene in the sewers, which sets the premise there is something evil lurking beneath the streets of London. Nevertheless, Creep went down there, and I found wanting, so I turned it off after that opening scene, leaving me with a favorable impression of the film. All the characters have become stale and unpleasant, even the Potente, and the director felt the need to hit us over the head with social commentary about homelessness. he also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full light, when he ceases to be a vaguely frightening, and shows his name to be Craig. How can you have a monster named Craig? It turns into X Files-type thing, and reminds one of the tombs episodes. In fact, I'm sorry, Mulder and Scully turn up and sort them all for me. <br /> <br /> As for the notorious sexual violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and totally unnecessary. It seems to be there just to shock the audience, rather than to any intrinsic value of the site. The trouble is that it is so above and awful that it actually stuns you for the rest of the horror that is a mistake, because it is only half way through the film. <br /> <br /> So there you go. The only softening of the film for me was a rare appearance by Ken Campbell, one of my favorite casual actors. You do not see it very often, but when he is on the screen, it works and all the rest in a corner. Casting him as a sewer inspector was brilliant, unfortunately, only one is shown in the film.
