For some reason, in the late 70's and early 80-ies of the local CBS affiliate stations in New York City continued to play this movie in this late slot at night on a Friday or Saturday evening for a few years, as a rule, at 2 am or What a time. This is fitting for a film of this length of time, as it is very difficult to follow, and rather strange (see other reviews for a particular story information). Anyway, after catching him many times in the days just before the cable TV (and even after he was hit, but before they offered a lot of overnight programming), I continued to catch this little oddity. After not seeing him for years, I decided to see if I can find it on DVD. Well, it's only available (from every search I conducted in any case) in a pretty crappy grainy print on the label of the budget «Brentwood Video» within the 4-pack films (4 films 2 DualDisc) called "alien worlds" when anyone is interested. It is usually available for about $ 10, but even much less if you shop around. the other 3 movies in this set are easily available in many other collections of public domain movies, so there is no need to comment on them here. But I did not see "eye" of nowhere. Although unlikely to "one enuyu "version, in any case, it's circulation is 92 minutes, so this time said operating time of 90 minutes IMDB is not right. Even with 92 minutes of operating time it is not uncommon for a film dubbed into English from other languages, also worked briefly cut. It seems to be a common budget-conscience practice sometimes save money by not bothering to rewrite some scenes even if they are not considered important to the story. Will make a longer version in any less confusing? Who really knows if you have not seen him in his native language ... By the way, my attempts to look at it during the day do not work and I ended up just turning it off. There's something about watching it in the middle of the night, it is only fitting that movie..or, maybe it's just because of my previous experiences, who knows ??
