I love movies about UFOs, so I recently decided to rewatch eye for STARS, saw him when I was a kid in the late 1970s. And now I have to write a review about it, because I'm afraid that I will begin to forget about it quickly. You see, even if EBTS not bad, it is very boring and nondescript. History sorta interesting, but flat. good actors, but their roles are sad and a bit confusing. FX terribly amateurish, but I can not see something like that, when the film is compelling that, unfortunately, at this time. <br /> <br /> In addition, there is very little violence and no nudity at all, which makes it the 1970 Italian sci-fi opus The real oddity, because if there is one thing that distinguishes the Italian genre films made in 1970s of genre films from other countries, made in the same decade, it's an amazing amount of violence and sex, to find in them, oddly enough, because of the almost complete absence of exploiting elements, EBTS stands out from the rest of the contract. I do not know if this can be considered as a compliment, though. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS need more violence and some sex here and there to spice it up, because it is deadly dull and dry. And the special effects are not so special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. This combo X-Files and Antonioni BlowUp: photographer accidentally captures on film the foreigners during the fashion shoot in the country. Foreigners know that they were captured on film, and they continue to kidnap photographer and model, after destroying any evidence of their presence on the ground. The problem begins when the model meets a man in the apartment recently kidnapped photographer (as it happens just before it is stolen by themselves). A man takes some of the negatives and leaves with aliens having no knowledge of no negatives. The whole history of the man, wanting to learn more about the aliens and the secret spy group who want to take possession of the negatives. Most of the movie centers around the sad political intrigues in the various spy against spy. UFO stories element almost of no importance and could easily replace any Cold War McGuffin. But as sad as an eye for stars, it resembles the X-Files A LOT! Interestingly, when Chris Carter saw this film. Anyway, the best thing is EBTS POV shots that are creepy and effective. But everything else is almost entirely forgotten, including guh looking foreigner. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that I was basically negative about this film, I indulge his variety, however. I still remember an effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw him as a child. And I have a video. The movie could have been so much more if it was done correctly. Oh, well ...
