Creep history Keita (Potent) intensively unsympathetic bourgeois bitch who finds himself somehow slept through the noise of the last subway train, and wake up to find yourself trapped in the subway station. After a meeting of team-mate and a potential rapist Guy on a mysterious train that passes after the lines have been closed, things go awry, and it is pursued, what lies beneath the streets of the city. Its history is connected with George (Blackwood), an ex-con who works in the sewer system; they meet in the last third of the film, trying to bring them together to avoid the monster that chases them <br /> <br /> The couple go through a set of unlikely places. from the subway station, they end up in the wastewater treatment plant before somehow find themselves in some abandoned underground surgery. Most underground stations have toilets, since one is the operation is beyond me. Naturally, the film takes care to explain that the operation does not have running water. However, it does have electricity? Just one of many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of everyday plausibility, that the film is trying to create. <br /> <br /> monster itself is the problem. There's a complete lack of arguments of his actions, he just kills people for no apparent reason. And then, of course, it retains some live no real reason, or perhaps just so that they can eventually escape and give the film an extra 15 minutes or so hours. I understand that natural evil is to be afraid, but then the film tries to explain himself through the doctor's photograph and his son, as well as some shots of some of the jars containing baby, and yes, it's just as tired and pathetic as it sounds. He also could not explain how the creature was under the ground long enough to lose the ability to speak, to communicate only in the cries of birds of prey, but not long enough for her to break up a pair of shorts. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This doctor of business leads to a scene that a desperate attempt to impose itself on the film memory, and while it is a bloody and uncomfortable to watch, it's simply not enough. The last third of the film depends on the emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters break and recover with little or no apparent reason. George breaks down, unable to cope with something, despite stating that he wants to leave, so he could see his daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally heavy seconds after bursting over someone ripped it for a TravelCard. Yes. <br /> <br /> After the launch, as the film "it can happen to anyone," she quickly falls apart as it introduces ideas that will make it more and more unreal. The complete absence of emotional interest in the characters and the lack of suspense make this one to avoid.
