Originally called Changer. Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed story about the single named Joe Bukovsky (Carl Zschering), who "loves em young." Unable to socially interact with the girls, he stumbles upon a tramp, who teaches him a special Vietnamese chant. This is a "chant" includes a whistle, "London Bridge is falling down" while jumping around like an epileptic Moreschi. However, Ugly Joe tries it and voila! Now he's a girl. Ideally it should be a young guy, to attract a girl. But let's not talk about ideals here -. this movie was filmed in 1983 and released in 1993, in a perfect world, he should never have been released <br /> <br /> film Vault was named the horror scam as "mind staggering, ham handed over speaking of stories. "Its worse. Nostril Picker really takes the biscuit , In fact, all the god-damn cookies. Worst scenario of dialogue made by brain dead actors, ridiculous plot and predictable turn. Just when things could not get any more absurd story away from his pointless tangent. For example, Joe decides to kill the girl by changing back to myself. But I thought that he wanted to get closer to him? not content to be a killer, too, Joe turns into a cannibal and eats some of his victims, of which there were only about 3-4. <br /> <br /> The culmination of this terrible film includes picking up a prostitute Joe (Stephen Andrews), and then with "her" back to his apartment. What happens next defies belief ... Joe returned to the man, but discovers that the prostitute is a person. How did he react? Well, Benny Hill-Esquire fashion, he is driving "her" in the apartment with lots of squirty dildo second leg only at inflated doll. God knows what they think about Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge. At least, this scene has paved the way to another priceless moment. This included a male prostitute reporting the incident to the police officer curly pile of 2-bit joke shop "KS" uniform. Fun action must see. Especially the inability to Hooker in saying "dildo" and to "enjoy" the demand. <br /> <br /> In addition to the above incident, this monotonous slash Flick was a complete bore. You know, the movie bad, if the DVD trailers have been more exciting. Normally, I would suffer the good bits, but they were not here. Main participating Joe action sequences just stabbing his victim repeatedly. Forget fast cuts, Matthews uses smooth change (one in a chipped stage) to limit any form of uncertainty there may already be. no reaction one girl on her finger to be chipped clown. Normally I would savor the word 'director' ', but in this case, they were far from a blessing. Only more painful cinematic torture. The entire film felt unedited episode midsummer murder, only less interesting. I did not want to see a cut version. <br /> <br /> In summary, nostril collector itself unentertaining thing I've seen since Richard Hammond 5 O »Clock Show. Dismal performance deteriorate dreadfully tinny soundtrack and bad dubbing. Do not be fooled by the label of the box, it is not a cult, if it does not qualify for allowing the consumer shitty horror-DVDs are-for-coffee-coasters cult. I think it does. If re-edited entirely up to 30 minutes to stay out of this coma causing a mess.
