Sometimes a movie comes along that is unique. Nostril Picker is one such film, nostril Picker, more than any other film I've ever seen, unfortunately for nostril Picker and he is unique for different reasons than the fact that the filmmakers originally. Read on and all will be, I hope, will become clear ... nostril Picker, as it is commonly know, though, apparently filmed titled Changer, it begins with some very dull booms American town somewhere, street and factories that are things like the opening credits play. If nostril Choice Beginners should we, the viewer, who is entered in the real loser named Joe Bukovsky (Carl Zschering), who is in his 40s, he lives alone in a crappy little apartment, where he watches TV, eats beef flavored dog food and listening to old vinyl records, he dances with inflated rubber doll sex. Joe loves teenage girl, he has a variety of porn magazines, but has the real thing even more. However, being an ugly bastard Joe can not seduce any young ladies go out with him, or do anything else with him on this issue. One fateful day old homeless Vietnam veteran (Horace Grimm) sees the agony & pain that Joe has to go (in fact, he sees Joe while talking to the police to harass a teenage girl), and decides to help him. He tells Joe about the spell that he had learned from "squint" in Vietnam, which will change the appearance of Joe in what he likes. A process he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns Joe that "it makes you mad, if you do it too much. That night, Joe decides to give it a try, in a public place on the podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, makes it extremely stupid dance and begin to yodel. Joe finishes whistle London bridge is falling down, listen, yes, I'm not making anything. at first Joe noticeably disappointed when nothing happens significant. to console himself, Joe is trying to buy porn Magnum, but in shocked when the clerk (Kevin Devoy) refuses to give it to a minor. Joe, a bright spark that he understands what happened and says his / her way out of it, claiming his / her father had sent him / her to buy it. Joe, who now calls his alter ego Josephine ( ann Flood), an opportunity to feel & head straight at the local high school. Joe befriends four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracey Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brand Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) and under his disguise of & Joe he has managed to become a pupil at the school by simply asking a sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). At first, Joe seems fairly harmless, he just likes to hang toilets and the like around the girls. But the situation will change soon, as Joe brutally murder brand. father of Jennifer, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) detective so with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden) A pathologist determined to catch Sicko, responsible for the murder of friends of his daughter, but they will be a success before Joe again strikes? List of IMDb for nostril Picker wrong, I watched it only an hour ago, and it clearly states that it is directed by Mark Novitsky, who also co-produced and definitely not Patrick J. Matthews, who was credited as co-producer and cinematographer, not that it makes a big difference and I would have though that Novitsky would be more than happy to Matthews to take "credit" for the production of this piece of shit. Not one is involved in the creation of a nostril Picker should not be allowed to go anywhere near the camera again, ever. Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst films I have ever seen, and that says something. It is absolutely terrible in every way imaginable. Scenario Stephen Hodge is a brutal, no narrative structure, the excitement, tension, drama, character development, and the things that happen so mind numbingly dumb that is not true. The plot device and a chain of events in the Picker nostril completely incomprehensible. The scene where Joe discovers prostitute (Stephen Andrews), he hired are actually a person, and Joe begins to chase him around the apartment with two squirting dildo is simply jaw dropping things. The next scene, when a transvestite police incident reports written and funny that I sincerely laughing dialogue. I hated the ending, not only it was predictable, but it leaves the door open for a sequel, I sincerely shudder at the thought! At the technical level Picker nostrils awful point and hope photo, fresh and unacceptable music, forget the place, bad edit (Brenda killed in the kitchen while her blood spatter on the TV screen, which was clearly in the room opposite), some of the worst acts I sat & very impressive special effects, which consist of several cut rubber fingers, their throats cut and quick scene where Joe eats some flesh. It is not surprising that the actors and crew who worked on the nostril Picker have virtually no credit IMDb for anything before or after. Even in the 76-plus minutes nostril Picker far long and very boring to sit through. I could go on all day about how bad nostril Picker, I could really. One thing I can not quite work it all is intentional from the creators of the film? Nostril choice is really a unique film, unique in the terrible and incompetence. In the case of the nostril Picker I hope that it remains unique as well, saying that it is not the worst film I've ever seen, but it comes close, that's for sure. Definitely one to avoid.
