The character of Tarzan has been subjected to so many clichés, and so many bad interpretations that those who rely on all sorts of versions (people like me, I mean, who loved books Tarzan as a child and always wanted the film version, which books moved just a little) need to know how to account for the recent renditions. Some of the reviews IMDb solve this point, but here's my $ .02 <br /> <br /> I know, only two - count them - the movie Tarzan pictures, namely Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and Disney animated version, they are trying to portray a rather interesting the character of Edgar Rice Burroughs in (his son landed English gentry couple took after the death of a tribe of monkeys who raise him as one of themselves, and who becomes a "lord of the jungle", because its higher human intelligence, before taking it back to England, and claiming that his other personality) Hollywood is not an ordinary man of the jungle, whose origin remains unclear, and whose trademarks are his famous cry, his mysterious inability to speak proper English, despite long exposure to people who know the language, his habit of swinging on a vine, his strength, heroism, etc. about the only thing that these two characters have in common is the name of Tarzan and the fact that they both have a wife named Jane. The TV version of Ron Ely is something of a compromise character as Burroughs, he is fluent in English and has a lot of experience and helpful in both cultures-a-kind JamesBondish way, but he is not Lord Greystoke and no Jane <br /> <br. /> Well, this film is the third category of Tarzan movies, and I hope he stays another category, because it's terrible. This category uses the symbol as a means for, of all things, a soft porn. Jane, played by the legendary bad actress After Derek in Africa looking for his father absent-minded professor who comb the jungle in search of something, never specified. Although her father was absent for a long time, she finds it easy. Richard Harris, Dad is best here; he sees that stupid movie that he and fun hamming hamming in a way that reminds me of a deliberately silly performances by Peter O'Toole in What's New Pussycat. Pope explains the legend of Tarzan ( "some ghost or spirit," he says - or steal from, or nonfiction attempt respect, King Kong) to his daughter, who is not currently familiar with the ape-man, soon after, we hear the infamous cliché Tarzan yell. Dad dies, surprisingly, does not seem very worried about his devoted daughter. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then, a Tarzan, but says nothing. In fact, he says nothing throughout the film. He and Jane fall in love, and they romp around not wearing almost nothing as she recites poems love lyrics overs. End. This plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; There is also a scene where Tarzan fights unrealistic with boa - boa most unusual, because it is the only poisonous one has ever seen. Jane treats bite by a chimpanzee, which helps with pressing clothes she pulls tie wound (I'm not making this up!), And this is just one of the many excuses for her to take her clothes off. <br /> <br /> I've always wanted to complete the review by saying something positive, but this time it is difficult. Let's see ... well, it is unfair to criticize this film with the participation of visitors, although we all know, the orangutan lives in Africa; In the end, classic movies Tarzan all used Indian elephants, they do not? In addition, you have to admit that Bo Derek is very in your face or form. (But in that case, why the hell is it just does not make a career as an art model? What can we say about the film, when it becomes clear, boring to look at a beautiful woman? I do not really decided whether it will be positive or negative, they never showed her crotch), but now I see :. try as I may, I can not end on a positive note. <br /> <br /> See this movie if you are a bad movie buff. I Uta here.
