After Derek might have had a career had she not let her late husband, John, to take over as its directors. This is not a real shame, is not in fact, with the right direction and the right side (see "10"), because he was right. She did not win any awards, even at its best, but it is no worse than many actresses who made it big in the past 15 years or so, based on looks alone. But therein lies the problem, John decided to ride the wave, In fact, created with her appearance in the 10, that in fact be a "perfect 10", "hottest woman in America," "sex symbol of the 1980s." The problem is in the hands of John, this wave crashed with a loud thud time only a few years. Maybe he knew her limitations as an actress, maybe that's why he fashioned for her movies that work on her body, not her acting skills. But there is an old very quickly. It did not help matters any that the films of John and Bo Derek (let's be honest) is really, really bad. And poor sums them to take a literary icon of Edgar Rice Burroughs, Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan monkeys. <br /> <br /> You know what the worst thing? This film is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, just do not bore me. Not even the stunning looks and figure It may raise some interest, and this is what the film is, of course, is built around. Richard Harris (bless his heart, he and Bo were used in Orca by the way) hams it and makes it stage even a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically big Tarzan. Maybe he got the last laugh, after being hit with a ton of venom of the critics on this film, Miles continued solid career as an icon in the cinema, in films that were not great art, but it is a million times more fun than this one . But other than that, this body After all, you can only see so many times before you owe anything else to go with it. Ape Man Tarzan has nothing. John Derek was really dynamic actor, he was not the director. He had to stay with his strength. This film takes place on a numbingly slow pace and nothing is really going on in the scene. Tarzan Burrough was all about the excitement and fulfillment of dreams (who would not want to be as flexible, strong and looks good as Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You will not get any of that here. See, and you spent 107 minutes of his life. On second thought, you can get away with a valuable lesson in how not to deal with someone else's film career. <br /> <br /> Since Derek is all right in my book, though. It was John's until his death, is the true love of animals and nature, and even the looks with a laugh in his time in the spotlight. It also proved that she is not stupid blond, many want her to make her out to be. If she could survive Tarzan and the bolero, it can survive anything. So back to Indeed, all is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And, as an aside, this is Steve Strong, who plays the bad guy is the same Steve Strong, who briefly wrestling career?
