This is a great tragedy, and Richard Harris and John Derek is no longer with us. But this should not blind anyone to the fact that in 1981, both men CVs is pretty ugly excrescence. No doubt, John Derek conceived this film does for his wife that "Some Like It Hot" and "One Million Years BC" did for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh, respectively, creating the iconic sex symbol for the new decade. He ran to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach "10" After all, the reputation, all-star cast and shot in Sri Lanka meant that nothing can go wrong. Unfortunately, as they say, deadly plan and God laughs. It is said that when this film premiered in 1981, the estate of Edgar Rice Burroughs tried to take legal action against him. After Derek plays Jane Parker, who is sent in turn from the century of Africa to be reunited with his drunken, abusive dad, Richard Harris. Pope Parker is a researcher who went in search of the "Big Inland Sea" stuff of local legend, whose existence has been poo-pooed by conventional wisdom. Harris should look at the wonderful Hammy, tank -k performance, which includes singing Irish limericks in the Indian elephant that found its way to Africa (as he arrives at the same time as the orang-utan from Sumatra ???) In addition, although Jane It professes to despise Parker Cause and relationships Rich is crawling incestuous, evidence perhaps to the effects of the tropical heat. By that time, however, local legends are beginning to circulate about the «Great White Ape» Jane hears famous Jodl. This replica of the film for Miles O'Keefe, the future star of B-Movie, making a strange debut as a loin-clothed Lord jungle. Unlike Weissmuller with his pizhin English or Ron Ely, who speaks the language fluently, the O'Keeffe Tarzan heart-rending. Given some of the dialogue After all, Richie, though, it's probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan eventually reaches a large inland sea, perched on top of a giant plateau, which seems to run halfway across Africa .... wait, not the sea, lake and other watery places, usually located in low-lying areas ?? Nevermind, it's just one of the many anomalies in the universe of John Derek. Crew attempt to set the rock and when the rope snap Harris roars echoing abuse on the unlucky people who fell to their deaths. In another case, Jane decides to take a nude swim Inland Sea, which gives one more reason to see some gratuitous nudity. Out of nowhere appears a male lion. Now lions usually travel Pride and never go near the beaches, but later, Tarzan will struggle with (toxic) boa. Zoology, seems to have been one of the strengths of John Derek ..... This time the movie Tarzan, Jane becomes fascinated with the Lord jungle and decides to take her virginity. But seeing its proximity to some of these chimpanzees, you have to wonder ... By the way, it's not just Edgar Rice Burroughs estate could be sued. It is very likely that some of the primates on the phone his lawyer: chimpanzees here do you miss Cheeta bad. Especially when they do funny things like elephant trekking and clap, and if Tarzan and Jane are finally getting it! The culmination of this film there are also some pretty enthusiastic Harris stereotypical cannibals, coloring our heroine and prepare to donate / eat / execute it. Suffice it to say that the large wooden Ape gets his girl and * Spoiler * Harris gets himself put on a huge elephant tusk! It does not stop Parker dies from delivery messy monologue Jane. As far as I know, the law suit with proprietary Rice Burroughs never materialized, but the "Tarzan Ape Man» was crucified at the box office (no kidding?) It is a pity. John Derek "Tarzan The Ape Man 2" could be directed with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe lives in the inner happiness and Dudley Moore as "Boy".
