I saw this movie on History Channel today (in 2006). First of all, I understand that this is not a documentary - it's a drama. But, one might hope that at least the critical "facts" that the story turns can be based on real events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The movie got it right. From this point, relying on the facts quickly fades. I've never heard of this movie before seeing it. As a TV reporter during these events, I was amazed that I did about the strange behavior of the Secretary Haig had not heard, as portrayed by Richard Dreyfuss. All the people heard, "I'm in control ..." and so on, but Dreufuss' Haig bullying in compressed cabinet and totally out of control personally. After watching the film, I started researching this topic on the Internet and quickly found the actual audiotapes and printing environment most chat rooms that the film claims to be playing. Incredibly, many in the basic "facts" about the film wanted to show the White House, the Secret Service, etc., in total chaos - and the country's leadership is behaving irrationally and peace close to the border control of nuclear war - it is obviously wrong. They did not happen! There is an internal conflict, to be sure. Hague makes blunders, its performance has historically boring press center, and it is "hard". But there is nothing approaching the scene depicted in the film. There are too many serious mistakes in the list, but any fair comparison of recorded and written records and imagination of this film raises the question of what the producers really trying to achieve. Enlighten? Inform? Entertain? I believe that they are not on all three fronts. It is difficult to ascribe motives to others, but you have to seriously question what is behind this shameless invention. And as for the «Reel Real" my favorite History Channel documentary on the follow-up, there was almost no mention of the problems that were the focus of the film - namely the events in the administration on the day of shooting. Thus, the viewer was left to study those who are not very much - if any - the help from the network.
