This TV production in 1970 starring Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of how hard it is to take "Jane Eyre" on the screen, and how much can go wrong in this. It is true that the film suffered in the transmission on DVD - certain scenes, which were completed in the original have been cut and edited so much that there are strange gaps continuity and that even one crucial episode between Jane and Rochester begins in mid-sentence! But even if the editing was better, the movie will be. Scenario bad character image does not correspond to reality in a novel, and almost all the actors miscast. As a consequence, one has the feeling of watching an adaptation of the novel by Charlotte Bronte at all. The problem is not only that the number of scenes cut or omitted - it is to deal with all short adaptations - but the rest of the scene do not at all capture the tones, the spirit, the atmosphere and the concept of the novel. <br /> <br /> This is Jane Eyre, for example, completely out of Gateshead and begins with the arrival of Jane in Lowood. Despite the fact that it is absolutely correct, as some scenes must necessarily be left out, it is not clear that, instead of using the accumulated time (so to speak) and carefully portraying Jane friendship with Elena, the influence of Helen Jane lecture in the Christian stoicism that she teaches her, the film focuses almost exclusively on the physical ill-treatment of Elena, who brought to the point of absurdity in this adaptation. The fact that Helen should suffer bad enough, as described in the novel, but then Miss Scatchard portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison ward who deliberately want to drive Helen to premature death. And that's about all that is happening in Lowood. If we compare this with a deep impact on the years spent at Lowood Jane are in the novel, we can say only regret that the film did not even touch the surface of this particular episode in Jane's life. And this is the problem, for this adaptation: he rushes from one scene to another, often without transition, and never comes even close to the essence of the novel. Dialogues strange mixture of imaginary lines and lines from the novel, very clumsily glued together, and the scene between Jane and Rochester is so condensed that the share is just 5 minutes together on the screen before they fall in love, and little question there is nothing on the shine, intensity and humor conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the writer is not only the language of injustice Bronte, but in the application turned out to ruin her moral values ​​with just one sentence. If Rochester and Jane go to his wife Rochester after potential weddings, Rochester says, "I was once in love with her (his wife), I love you" The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is actually innocent victim. immoral scheme and was trapped in a marriage with a crazy woman he never loved, and that his efforts to look for a life partner is present, if not sanctified by God and the law of man, but is understandable and forgivable! But this is one sentence completely undermines the whole carefully constructed moral concept Bronte and turns in Rochester dirty old man, who wants a new young wife, because his old one does not fit him anymore. <br /> <br /> With the misconceptions about script errors in relation to the casting: Now I'm not one of those who insist on the physical resemblance between the actor and literary figure he draws, but not stretch it is possible to imagine a beautiful, blonde blue -eyed and a mouth full of Susannah York as a simple heroine of the novel. In addition, Ms. York was in her thirties, when the film was shot and looks it. Plays her, a shy, reserved young and inexperienced Jane novel becomes completely balanced, elegant and mature women are fully confident in themselves and their deserts. I'm not saying that Susannah York is not playing well and convincingly, but the woman she does not reflect Bronte's Jane Eyre. To throw George C. Scott as Rochester, it must be motivated by a desire to have a Rochester, who looked old enough to make a difference in 18 years in age between Jane and Rochester plausible. Scott looks as if he was about 50, but operates in various scenes, as if he was 70. <br /> <br /> To compliment the "maturity" of the leading actors of all passion, desire and despair seem to deliberately push-ups scenario. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional culmination of the novel, became a calm, rational conversation between two middle-aged people, the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane returns to him in the last scene, he is just as pleased with softly as grandfather, who had just been on a visit to the home of his elderly of his beloved granddaughter. The only character that reflects a number of St. John of emotions, of all people. Ian Bannen plays it so hot and eager to appeal to love Jane is so touching that it seems that it Bannen modeled on John Rochester novel. But good though Bannen has its Saint John is as far from the novel by Jane Scott City and Rochester. Only redeeming feature of this very disappointing "Jane Eyre" are places and evaluation, and I would only recommend this product for those who want to look and compare each adaptation "Jane Eyre."
