I saw this movie at the Film Festival in Rotterdam (January '06) and was followed by a discussion between the director and the general public, after. Many people have reacted shocked and protested. He'll get a lot of negative critics. But: the world is tough as it is, and it's not funny. People do not like it. This in itself does not mean that the film is bad. I can see the difference. Do not shoot the messenger, who shows us a world beyond our "Hubble"! Nevertheless, I think it's a bad film. Film is technically well. Good shots and the script, most good fitting music, great actors. Director pretends to make a psychological film - psychology, however, is of poor quality. Describing such a powerful violence is not art itself. Art is a powerful description of the psychological process that for the violence. As a shy boy came to such cruelty? Director pretends to describe that - but it's not a good thing <br /> <br /> The director has used several times the word "selfish" people, referring, for example, teachers .. only: this teacher was not selfish - just someone in several roles, caring about their students and worried about his script. I think that this is a simplification to call him an egoist. The atmosphere in the village is terrible, and his mother made a terrible mistake ( "You let me down badly ??"), but it becomes plausible to me that caused so much pain that shy resident boy comes of such terrible things. In fact, the reality is much more complicated than, by the way, this film describes ?? and it needs to be much more descriptions. I wonder what it would be: how does it work? Describe the process for me, please, so that we understand. <br /> <br /> With writing the phrase at the end, the director said to show an alternative way of life. It was the other extreme, and confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists, that contribute to the black / white-thinking. The link between violence in movies and in society has been proved. Use this violence gives the responsibility for the use of his right. There are enough black / white like-minded people in the world, resulting in a lot of wars and suffering. I hope that this film will not be successful.
