Violence is real or not is always influenced. In this film, violence as stupid as you could ask for. In the Great Ecstacy director successfully demonstrated that the extreme violence of people can do. But what's the point? Violence appears as a mixture of Noe's "Irreversible and" Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange" ... both of which are excellent films. Do not get me wrong, I do not mind, to screen violence at all, and I've seen some bad things in my film the current year, but the film as a whole is quite juvenile. History never developed enough to offer any reason for the extreme violence, the Rizla paper thin reason we provide for Robert's death his drugging. Danny Dyer plays a character who is partly responsible for the drug-fueled Robert's death, but he is on the screen in less than 5 minutes. Manville Robert is unable to cope mom, I'm not sure that any of these actors made the film such a low level. Wooden acting, the scene in the kitchen with TV-chef and his wife, such as painful to watch, if not more, than shocking finale-, who wrote these dialogues? Some of the comments boys do ... looks like she enjoys "so commonplace to tempt one to laugh, if it was not a burning desire Clay bomb us with heart-rending pictures of mutilated female genital organs. Why do we have to show such detail possibly up to the teenage obsession with director sadistic pornographic images ... one can only marvel at this young man psychology <br /> <br /> «political significance," the film was repeatedly our attention because of the number of scenes;. in the bar for outside of the home T -kuhary, the Iraq war reports was perhaps too obviously, in my opinion. Yes, cruel war, social determinism is disappointing, we are all prone to violence if you horrifingly in politics or in the street jumps E. Comparing all these things as part of the same basic question shrink the actual question, what is the point of violence in man. this question is one that we are still not able to understand, and certainly not in this movie <br /> <br /> My opinion :. derivatives, poorly made and pointless.
