I always take too cautious an instant dislike to the film. Look at it in a month, and you can see it in a different way, or to dig out after 50 years in a different continent, and some religious followers to find something stylistic beauty that remains in the ground unnoticed. After sitting through the Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael in its British premiere, he did not become a surprise for me, I found a question and answer session after more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the International Edinburgh Film Festival), helped the director and producer of the film, gave a spirited defense of the film than the total received negative reaction from the audience. Edinburgh Festival audience is not shocked. Only one person left in disgust. Criticism of the film included a very clear and constructive of them from the general public, as well as an actor and a woman who teaches director M.A .. It was not too "shocking" film. There was a degree of continuous sexual abuse, but much less extreme than in many movies (most important contact was hidden weapons, as they were aroused genitals). Viewers do not like, because they were sitting in two hours, which was pretty boring, where the existing rules were not high, where the plot was poor, predictable and drawn out, and where they were clumsy and pretentious film-making at the promise of a scandalous video. Metaphors before the Iraq war flimsy, overpriced and sloppy (except for the general allusions to violence, deeper meaning is unclear); and "fig leaf" link of the Marquis de Sade, as one audience member put it, seems to be only a symbolic justification for the lack of development of the plot to the final. <br /> <br /> We have the story of a teenager who has a certain amount going for it (it is highlighted in the school for his musical abilities), but taking drugs and hanging out with young people who have little or nothing at all will not be for them and whose criminal activities extend to rape and violence. When you press, Robert seems to have closed a lot of violence in it. <br /> <br /> The film is not entirely unfounded. The audience decides how Robert got this way: whether it was the influence of their peers? Why are all the good effects and caring parents and teachers can not turn it into the best approach to life? Kinematic, has carefully montaged scene where he hangs back (through too many drugs, restraints, the hidden meaning of morality, or simply wait for your turn?). Some of his friends raped a woman in the back room, partially flash and framed in the center of the screen. In the foreground the bare bones flat, DJ, I am more concerned with the fact that the girl's cries interrupted his happy music at home than with any thought for the woman. After all, he was a little annoyed when their work has attracted the attention of police. The stark juxtaposition of serious headphone fun of his music, even if he knows that rape occurs points to his total contempt in deeply disturbing ways. Robert slips with his back to us in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the film, including its supposedly controversial climax involving a significant (if not too realistic) sexual violence, not up to that standard. Some people have a strong reaction to it (the stated intention of the filmmakers: "If they vomit, we succeeded in producing reaction"), but in general - and as far as I can tell, Edinburgh response seems to reflect reports from Cannes - they feel "Why programmers expose us to such a poor quality of filmmaking?" Director Clay Hough can talk the talk, but not developed artistic vision. His answers about holding up a mirror to life, to tell the truth about things that are swept under the carpet, even his defense, there is a bit of the story, because he did not want to make a standard Hollywood movie - all these are good answers to the criticisms, but Unfortunately, they do not belong to his film, more than they do by raising the mirror while someone defecate or film waste playing awkwardly with characters. Wanting to try to give him the benefit of any lingering doubt I talked to him for a few minutes after the screening, but I found it disgusting, like his film, and soon moved to the bar to wash your mouth with something more significant. There are many truths. One of the aspects of art is education, another to entertain the other, to inspire. I asked him when he had any social or political agenda, and he mentions Ken Loach (one of the many great names, it takes nothing), not so far as to plead in any program. Then he returns to his mantra about his work to speak the truth. I left with the feeling that this was an ambitious project of a new director or disingenuous attempt to put themselves on the map, courting publicity for the second speed <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol would paint jar soup, and it was an art. Hugh Clay wanted to emulate the great filmmakers who made a controversial film and shifted the border. Unfortunately, his ability at the moment applies only makes loud justification for seeking publicity film.
