I saw that it was not so long ago, and I must say: This movie is terrible. I watch bad movies for entertainment. Scarecreow NOT fun. A stuffed silly. Do you have an incredibly corny villain who loves to scream terrible puns as he kills his victims (in fact, worse than that contained in this sentence). He has a history of success tough that he uses to justify his murder. "Everyone chooses me. The only girl who thinks I'm not trailer trash enjoys one of the guys who annoy me. I want to kill everyone. Wow. "OK, I'm exaggerating. But the premise alone, this film is enough to put it at the bottom of the list of bad paintings. <br /> <br /> Adding to what I have just said, the baby mama is diverse, he goes to his mother and her current boyfriend gets it, my friend mom tells him to leave, the child refuses, insisting on that he was not going to leave his house. Boyfriend drives the child in a cornfield. It kills a small chat in front of my mother, my mother screams in horror, man, like, «OMG! I do not want! "Then he said my mother not to say anything to the police about it. The child was killed by a scarecrow, though. So, like any kid who gets hammered by a scarecrow, he returns as a killer scarecrow with a vengeance. His victim "did not pursue as this before ..." (the official slogan of the Scarecrow) <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, the movie was filmed in the beating of 8 days. That's right, 8 days. I'm going to give this film 2 because, in spite of himself, he has one or two redemptive moments. (They are spoilers, so I will not spoil it for you, if you really want to see this crap.) I I could forgive the bad actions of a few, horrible special effects, bottomless script and a bad camera work, but I just do not have any respect for insufficient efforts to g etym level. <br /> <br /> This film is not as good as I make it out to be. If you want to see an example of how not to make a film, or if you like to watch bad movies, I then watch it at your own risk. All others must remain at a safe distance from the film at any time.
