I'm not sure what drew me to the cinema to see this movie, but after a few minutes after the start, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while I had hoped, at least, the story to surprise me, but then I realized that it was a waste of time, there was just nothing there. I stayed because I had another show after his <br /> <br /> Design :. Some projects, which is quite nice, mostly from the environment, but the characters were terrible, both in terms of animation and design. They look great, and more - on posters and screenshots, but not when they have to come back to life! They simply do not work, mainly because the same mistake that most companies do 3D: technically very difficult to create a truly natural materials in 3D, that make you feel that the character alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (and therefore money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, fabric, etc. These characters in the film were made of "tissue" and that just does not work! Thus, they should have this ugly feeling cold artificiality of a computer, where the fabric stretches or compresses like a piece of plastic. It just did not feel the material that the doll made of (is that these characters are meant to be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. It was just a feeling of 3D-shoot'n'run computer game. I do not want to go to the cinema to have a computer game on my screen, I do not know about you ... <br /> <br /> The animation was also a disgrace. I am a professional animator and was very disappointed by the low level of animation in "9". It was tough, boring, almost did not have any idea or sentiment. This was slightly above the average of most 3D animation I've ever seen, and that does not add to it any good ... <br /> <br /> And all this - poor design and bad character animation can be solved by good story, right? This was not the case. In fact, the story was the worst thing in this film. He was below any level. It starts straight forward, it is straight forward and it ends the same. There's no twist, no wonder there is good dialogue, even there is no development. We have seen and heard stories of cars overtaking humanity thousands of times, and "9" is the only one of them, and we know how it ends up on the very first minutes of the film. The characters do not even have time to get into the story - they are just there, showing itself almost immediately, and as soon as some of them are taking measures not even know what was happening. It just does not work. There are also a lot of repetitive sequences of action that looked as if they were made to fill the time the lack of stories ... <br /> <br /> duties, the sound and the script - Oh my God, what can I say, it it was miserable. Bad history is bad script, and also dialogs, like, "No, do not do it!" "I'll do it!" "But ... you can not do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to save him!" And so on and so on and so forth, and repeating to all the time, so that, besides these awful pathetic dialogues, were the non-stop "Aaah" and "Oooh" and "Ehh," and "ooooh" and «Whatchout» and «Run! »And« OhOhh! " that were following almost every jump, run, or drop characters and even sounded as if they were synchronized or unrehearsed <br /> <br /> Conclusion :. bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad history, bad script, bad characters, everyone was waiting for, no surprises, Twist sun, nothing. Just some good projects are not worth the time. BIG NO!
