I seriously can not believe that Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people I love, signed to produce this crap. Tim Burton's brilliant director, but to be honest, I lost interest in it for a while, as his last few films have been any alteration or adaptation. He did make a brilliant "The Nightmare Before Christmas", which is the one I watched a few times, and the director of films like "Bitlzhus" and "Sleepy Hollow", which is an amazing film. Bekmambetov directed 3 films that I love: Night Watch, Day Watch, and Wanted. I've only seen three of his, but they argue that it is a strange director. <br /> <br /> The two men, producing one of the many reasons why I was glad to see 9. So today I went to see it in the theater. I was so excited to finally see. I waited 7 months for the movie to come out. <br /> <br /> This film is the first time I walked out of the film by Tim Burton, related and said: "I did not use almost none of this." I felt heartbroken even felt that way. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov at the production helm you have been waiting for this movie to be good for hours. Now, I still can not get over how I was let down this film. I had not even heard of the original short film before watching it, but now I can successfully say that this film was to remain a short film. Hell, Neill Blomkamp has made impressive feature-length remake Alive in Joburg, called District 9, which was so difficult to get right about 9 ??? I really would like to think that this film was awesome. I really did. But no, he was not on many levels. <br /> <br /> The story was very confusing and disjointed. I had no idea what was going on, not to mention what it was about. Basically we are talking about a bunch of Ragdoll robots who are trying to save the earth. Well, that's what I got from him. But writing is very poor. The entire film jumps around like a 6-year-old with A.D.D. telling the story. There's this big, giant monster clanky robot that wakes 9, causing the destruction and so on. This is the main villain. However, that is not so with this film, that all does not appear out of nowhere. There were too many monsters robots, most of which has no logical explanation for them. They have 0 development in general. I mean that a flying pterodactyl, like a monster just rips out of nowhere, we have no idea where it comes from and Aker just waiting for us to know what it is. What is even more backward, the snake-like creature with the strobing of eyes that hypnotize. I dare you to give this description to someone else out loud and expect them not to laugh. All 3 people, I told this to laughed. Oh, and she wraps victims and sews them into it. I'M. NO. Jokes. <br /> <br /> Turn in Act III is the most underdeveloped aspect of the film. Thus, generally 9 back into the room, he woke up in, find the box with a hologram of the scientist in him for 9, and he says that the great and terrible machines robot was developed to bring the robot's life on earth, but then the evil people use it for war, and it was supposed to help protect the earth, but if a scientist gave his life up to 9 so that he could protect the world with him. And he just mention give your life 9. But what about the other robots? Who gave their lives THERETO ???????? This is a perfect example of a bad, headed writing. There's only one life, taking gizmo device, there is the same as another life 8 will arrive this it ??????? Symbols are not pretty at all something. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good character 7. 6 annoyed me with his "return to the source !!!!!!» Ramblings, 1 is the preferred idiot 2, we know nothing about, 5 held annoy me with his "Are you sure ..." or "Do can I stay here instead of ...? "questions. And this is the end? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who believes that the end was a huge WTF moment. <br /> <br /> There's nothing about this sacrificial excrement for its beautiful animation, except. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I love dark and depressing sight all. However, beauty can not keep a good film. <br /> <br /> While it's true that this film is very beautiful, not quite as pretty does, and 9 do squat. I'm sure that the proponents of Burton will be flocking to the theater to see this movie, no doubt, to the fact of it and throw around names Bekmambetov promo, people will flock to the theater to see this movie. I know I can make a big deal out of nothing, but watching this film made me realize how much I hate movies with unsympathetic characters, non-existent storyline and simply pure style over substance. And this film is one of those movies.
