First of all, this film is not a complete disaster. If you've never heard of a true story of Gram Parsons, it may seem quite exciting entertainment. Johnny Knoxville can not really be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he is very good looking relaxed and down to earth, and you can sort the root of his long-suffering everyman. Michael Shannon due credit is largely the same reasons, except for the fact that he was a hippie stoner. There are some good some comedy scenes - hippie crash into the hearse door hangers airport stands. But that's where the good things come to an end, and we begin to see aspects that make this film so well frustrating. The character of Robert Forster as actual father Gram invention is so shameful as to throw taint the entire film. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that can certainly be compared to Gram life on the edge of the best filmmakers. With Forster, his supposedly real father, and not his stepfather would be bad enough if it was not well-known difficulties Gram was a man who actually came to collect his body. It was suggested that his stepfather confessed to providing mother gram of alcohol as she was dying, and it infuriated Gram, when he later learned about it. In addition, the controversy over the body, which was buried Gram will certainly be reason enough not to invent the fictional benevolent father who actually catches up to the duo and their hearse, but allow them to go ahead with the burning. Whatever the truth about the man who was named Gram Parsons with it, of course, bore no resemblance to the character of the Forster's here and it's hard to understand why this role was written. Then there's the addition of Christina Applegate as greedy chicken (but very beautiful, of course), who wants to gram body back, so that it can start to cash in on his property. Her character and her actions are non-existent, and wonders why the director did not just go the whole hog, and includes a lesbian scene between her and the chick who plays Kaufman friend (this would not have reduced the sinks a whole lot more). If you think about the ingredients that could be used in a good film about Parsons, the disadvantages of this film will be readily apparent. Country music is changing young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also a long-haired, drug liking, popular among women and ultimately damaging itself. Actual events, such as the accident door hangers and colored hearse and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things that we need to focus completely on Kaufman's entrance into life Gram. Kaufman, obviously, still reveling in the cult status he received for what he did (he is a bit of a cult). From the interview it is clear that he is delighted with the attention. Remember, this is the man who made a comment about the genitals of the naked corpse of Gram Parsons, as he prepared to set fire to. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but doped to trick an alcoholic. Looking at Knoxville and director, in an interview, a few things became clear as well. It is obvious that they have no real grasp of history Gram life, and they do not want to have. They want to make a hit film of the event, which is boring and mind. It was a strange life with a surprising ending. This is the end the only thing that is covered by the film shows how limited understanding of Gram Parsons producers had.
