If you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons, this movie will definitely be a divider over you! Part comedy, part road movie, but mostly bad fictionalization of one of the most amazing tales of rock history. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br /> <br /> Basically, the story concerns the famous technician by the name of Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville), who "supposedly" signed a contract with the cult rock / country / folk music hero Gram Parsons, who said, when one of them died first (it does not matter which of them was), that the other one was to take the lives died in the desert, Joshua Tree National park in California, to be exact, and set the body burns ... so as to free the spirit and become one with the earth, and so on! Of course, to keep his word almost sober Kaufman, using self-hating, pot-headed sidekick, jacks body of the late Parsons -whom fatally overdosed on drugs binge drinking and drinking in the day prior- from the airport. And soon after that the result is crawling a worthy combination of fiction and truth, where the late Parsons girlfriend, girlfriend Kaufman, Parsons stone-faced father, and a gaggle of police officers and other meaningless idiotic characters all trying to beat the clock (so to speak), trying to catch Kaufman and his friend, before they get a chance on the torch body Parsons! <br /> <br /> incompetent film directing, a bad game, and the lame unusual tone in general, all sinks the film faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the huge fact that this film is not even halfway tells the truth about the real events that took place. Exactly, that should have been replaced with inaccuracies as far as I heard them, include: number 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death, and even had a child, so what the hell was that all about with his girlfriend and chasing and Consoles? number 2., drugs with each Kaufman was known a willing participant (as opposed to what the film is trying to portray) to dispose of the body of Parsons, and, finally, number 3., Gram Parsons real life father died when he was still a boy, and so he was the stepfather Parsons (who could honestly care less about Gram Parsons, as he He was still alive) in real life, who cared body after it was burned! In general, though, probably what bothers me the most about this film is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually on the set, to help assist with the facts of history. Yet still, the film eventually becomes so untrue and so bad that it really affects my opinion, frankly! <br /> <br /> In addition, as the above mediocre acting in the film it concerns the main character, played by the ultra-lattice Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), not just a bad actor, but in fact, it seems as if he I was asleep for most of the film, and the rest of the helpless gypsum mostly a hysterical, brain death, or seems to be quite ignorant of what they are actually doing there in the first place! In general, if you like the Johnny Knoxville and really dig so bad-they-nya-even a good friend clicks, then I suppose you can just get a kick out of this film! But if you're like me and supporter of the late Gram Parsons, enjoy movies that try to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they are based on real stories from real life, and you are just as good films, whether -their road movies, fictional material or naturalistic, you will really hate this movie and advises others to do the same. Obviously, I hated this film and would never had done in the first place, but since it was done, I would like it to have turned out differently than it did, unfortunately! Maybe someday the real facts of history will come through and be a really great biopic about all Gram Parsons life ... not only what happened to his body after his spirit left him. But still it does not come all of us, as the audience, and supporters of the late artist Et it is sad film waste and all around awful funeral (sort of) to the musical heritage that Gram Parsons was known that is left behind, should also be noted, they actually use the music of Parsons and several others, as well as in the film, but not surprising, though, you never hear enough to really enjoy it, even in the slightest. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
