With Q & A before and after, this is what I could gather: some Irish guy wants to make a film. Nothing special, just any movie. So, one night at a party, he heard a former technician to tell him a little classic rock 'n' roll of knowledge; one about how Gram Parsons corpse was stolen from Los Angeles its exact road so that he could perform Parsons wants him to be cremated in JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock-n-roll (well, the country), grave robbing, slipping away, the friendship, the 70s! I think we could get Johnny Knoxville with the "Jackass", because it's kind of a joke, work, and Knoxville wants to do "film" too. Why should he think that he had the next "breakthrough" on his arm! <br /> <br /> But this story is not quite so interesting ... we need something for Knoxville to fight against.like psychotic girlfirend after his money! But Parsons was married at the time. It is suitable, no one knows. In addition, we could get Christina Applegate. But what if the audience did not like the idea of ​​theft corpse.well, we get his dad to join the pursuit, but to allow the end. But Parsons dad killed himself when he was 10, in fact, his status as an orphan, and tragic childhood, is a key part Parsons Mythology. Mythology? We do "movie!" They are creative problem-solving. <br /> <br /> it is inconvenient experience for anyone who even remotely experienced or interested in this subject. The presence of Applegate doubles concussions. First, it is a fictional character in Beverly Hills bitch before her time -It may also walked the entire movie on a mobile phone in her hand, and secondly, some people will Parsons if he ever associated himself with this kind of harpy? Facts not only distorted or left, but on the contrary. They could easily find a villain, they wanted to Parsons stepfather, who is trying to beat the body back to his home state, where the law will facilitate the sharing of his considerable inheritance. <br /> <br /> And the music, of music, which I love. Music chopped (lyrics bridge here, a chorus there), forced into the background, and in the end, badly covered with new indie most fashionable band, Starsailor. My girlfriend asked for, but irresistible question after film --was one there, writer, producer, director, actually fan gram Parsons? Well, no. He would never actually heard of Gram Parsons, but, of course, blah blah blah, I learned to love it, and here are some factoids I read in the bio online. Another guy vouched for coolness Parsons, saying that he and Keith Richards tripped acid together and wrote "Wild Horses" together, mixed up bunch of facts as an off-base, like a movie. Another man asked, not morally questionable to rewrite history, when most people will know about it only from this film? Well, he had a permit real technician (he even has been set) and real estate Parsons gave permission, and all these other people who got paid said that it was great. <br /> <br /> But what I'm really interested in, and asked in a trembling voice embarassingly really hot Parsons geek, was when the film is so cheaply made (million) if they did not see the original Gram Parsons fans like audience? The director and writer, it seemed, he thought nothing was a figure wholly fans, although I doubt that anyone reading the magazine Mojo, country-rock 70's music lover will agree. But a bunch of Brits did it, I think, and they just do not care about the Cosmic American music, or even know what it was. This is not just not true Parsons Flick, it's not even in the right spirit-it did not even fit in the legend. At least, he had one of his sentimental songs. And a lot of people would like to tell. <br /> <br /> I should mention that the film was well received with a bunch of college kids with stones, in the immediate vicinity of the slopes and Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a fan of Parsons ignore the name, it's just a movie for fans of The Kooks.
