«Raw Force», as an ultra-sleazy and perverse version of Love Boat, with additional kung fu fighting mad cannibal monks, the white slave trade, energetic and zombies in general, a lot of lousy acting performances. It is not surprising that this film was not included in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience 20 movies box set." It has everything that fanatics seek operation, mix in a very incoherent and seemingly improvised script! Production values ​​are very poor and the technical aspects of the helpless, but the amount of gratuitous violence and sex can hardly be described. The film opens in a tropical sunny place called Warriors Island, where a detachment of mocking the monks raise the dead without any reason at all, except to make them into a kung fu fighters. Monks also buy sex slaves of the fallen Hitler look-so-businessman, allegedly because the flesh of women provides them with the necessary powers to increase their zombie army. Tourists on a passing cruise ships, among them the three martial arts fighters, female LA police and a whole bunch of beautiful, yet close will undergo the attack of Hitler's thugs guy because they were planning to make a trip to the island Warriors. Their lifeboat washes ashore the island anyway, and the monks call the survivors to test the combat of these zombies. Well, it sounds like a madman for the midnight movie horror mess? It is not over yet, because the «Raw Force» is also piranhas, wild orgies boat, Cameron Mitchell, another embarrassing leadership and 70s exploitation Duchess Camille Keaton ( "I spit on your grave") in a completely insignificant cameo . There's also loads of blood badly implemented, including the murder and beheading ax, unnatural jokes and bad taste of romance. Thrash value for this movie literally leave you speechless. background Evil Monakhova remains, of course, inexplicable, and they will not even be punished for their dubious fascination. Maybe that's why the film is terminated with the "Continue" and not with «The End». Continued not come unless it is so dark IMDb does not even list it.
