Scarecrow is set in a small American town of Emerald Grove, where senior Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered the local geek brake teachers and classmates alike. The poor child is suffering the daily humiliation, bullying, teasing & common dignity destructive abuse in the hands of his colleagues. Unfortunately, he finds a lot of support at home, as his mother was a whore, and after Lester tired of one of her boys, he drives it in a cornfield and suppresses the poor child. However, something magical happens (no, the film suddenly becomes good), the spirit of Lester gets transferred to the stuffed field of corn, which he then uses as a body, to get revenge on those who tortured him and made his life a living hell ... < br /> <br /> Co written, co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier, which according to IMDb credit list also plays a role in the movie, as someone called g-Duforq although I do not remember the character of the name, I believe, who ends up that in the pages of IMDb for pudily- probably already be aware that this is a terrible reput tion, and I must say that this is pretty much well-deserved, because it's terrible. Scenario Itier, Billy Cunningham and Jason White used often told the story of a lost life, that gets picked on & tortured for no reason get their revenge by supernatural means in a relatively straight-forward teen slasher flick. We've seen it all before, we've seen killers stuffed to what we saw faceless teenagers die from one another, before we saw one of the losers of life to get his revenge to the fact that we have seen a wise cracking villains make jokes, they kill before, and we have seen an incompetent small town sheriff makes matters worse before. The only real question to answer about the stuffed-whether it's any fun to watch on mute level type grinder Adolescents? The answer is a resounding no, to be honest. The film has a terrible character dialogue terrible, contradictory and predictable plot, it does have some cheese acute as when stuffed kills someone with a shovel on it to ask 'can you dig it? And the so-called twist ending of which is aimed at leaving open to continue just lame. The film moves in a sound pace, but it is not so interesting, and that killing is forgotten. You know that I'm still trying to figure out how someone could be killed with a knife and a stick of corn ... <br /> <br /> Director Itier does a particularly good job here, the kill scenes mistreat not build up at all, which means, that there is never any voltage within two seconds, the character introduced they killed. In addition, I am not satisfied with the killer stuffed dude does it all back flips and tumbles through the air in the scenes, who feel that they belong in the Matrix (1999), or some Japanese kung fu movie! In order to give him some credit the actual scarecrow mask looks very good and it looks pretty cool, but he is given little to do besides spout hoaxes and spin around a bit. Do not you think that, being tied to the wooden circle in the middle of the corn is served all day would be boring? I know that he is a murderer scared, but I still say that it would be boring, just hang on a wooden stick all day! There's no nudity and gore nothing to write home about, there is a beheading someone's face burned, someone killed with a stick of corn, one gets the shovel stuck in the throat, some pruning shears stuck in people's heads, some their hearts ripped out and someone has a metal thing delayed through the back of their heads, which comes out of their mouth. <br /> <br /> with an estimated budget of approximately $ 250,000 was apparently shot dead in 8 days, at least, they do not waste time on less important things like story and character development. Technically, this is quite a lot of sense to shoot and hope for the best material. If you look at the guy on the floor who has just had his heart ripped out, you can clearly see that he was still breathing ... Acting sucks the guy who played Lester Bloke mother wearing the dumbest looking wig and fake mustache ever so he played two roles in the film & the creators needed to mask it, but they just end up making it look ridiculous and do not get me started on his accent ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has several funny moments and he stuffed the actual creation of good with good special makeup s effects, but overall the film is poorly made, poorly acted, silly, too predictable and very cheesy. If you want to see the big killer stuffed Flick then check the Scarecrow (1988). Not to be confused with the movie Scarecrow Gene Hackman & Al Pacino (1973) or the upcoming horror flick The Scarecrow (2008), which is currently in production. Scarecrow proved very popular on home video, to produce two direct to video sequels, The Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and stuffed Gone Wild (2004).
