Let's be honest, we? Al Gore is no longer really cares about the environment than most people care about the contact of a foot fungus. It's the hook! Make no mistake, Al Gore is a politician! Three years ago he was broke / ticket in his home state does 70 miles per hour in a zone of 55 miles per hour at the wheel is not a hybrid, as Yugo, or even GM metro but LINCOLN (go to the Google, if you like)! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood friends continue to use private planes guzzle fuel and to participate in the premiere of "An Inconvenient Truth." So much for the preservation and, Al? Anyway, it takes only a minute to look at the subjective, "An Inconvenient Truth" and open the main fundamental flaw. Although the film shows off many of the seemingly impressive scientific effects, tell viewers alleged "global warming" does not exist a single scientist to tell us the reason for this alleged. For example: I can take a hundred people in the parking lot and they can show a car that does not work correctly. But they can tell you with any degree of certainty why? Actually, no! The second drawback, how accurate were the conditions of the tools 100 years ago (the toilet was not even invented)? What they chafer in a match box? Heck, even 50-60 years ago? Therefore, as we know, with any degree of certainty that the planet is "getting warmer" when recording the last years is very questionable at best? Or this person is the sole cause of this? The answer is we do not & Science never consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine did a little bit, which read: "New Ice Age." The truth is that any sixth grade science teacher well versed in the science of the Earth will tell you that the volcanic Erruptions, solar activity and El Niño have more in common with our eradicate the changes in climatic conditions than expected "global warming". Finally, that Al Gore will not be able to adequately address; even if America decides to follow the global Gospel of Al & realize what he recommends, how are we going to get the rest of the world to follow their example, if we can not even get them to agree to something so obvious, such as terrorism ? Answer: This is wishful thinking, Mr. Gore, and you are a former US Vice-President aware of this! If the people who prepared the "Inconvenient Truth" were really honest, they would have called his movie "Al Gore wants attention" But what I'd really like for someone to ask the former vice president of the.; Why were two of the biggest polluters of the environment of the planet (AKA China and India) are exempt from the Kyoto agreement? Anyway, I heard that A.I.T manufacturers are working on the next film called "Dwarf, Fairies and Elves: Extinct our friends."
