An Inconvenient Truth is quite simplistic and demagogic as the bombastic in my opinion, created a frantic and idiotic Republicans, he is bent on intangible line, while not trying to eat something in the face, namely, that we will all be dead in a few hundred years, which has already undisputed, but who cares, people are selfish, destructive creatures, I, frankly, do not waste your time taking care of human extinction. I just call it "a natural progression." Let the apocalypse starts, but in the meantime, we must listen to the same arrogant, inclined politicians that offer more "new society", well, do not be fooled, we are still under the control of the rich, those in power and those idiots who created disaster in the first place. Nothing will change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is obvious in the film, as he is being driven to the gas absorbing the car all alone, using the consumer computer, it also lives on huge acres of land in a fairly large mansion, the land itself used for destructive erosive purposes, including cattle, tobacco, pig production (which accounts for methane gas traces), and who knows what else, his wealth is based on exploitation, greed and his investments include many large companies in the world from the GSP echvats records. I think it is unlikely that a person is qualified to lecture less fortunate, but his authority is based on his opposition to another absurd political party, that is all, at this time it emits the same rancid characteristics that make policy and policy so terrible. This bozo happens to live a comfortable life, and yet he lectures the poor people in Africa about agriculture and the cut-and-burn methods? He travels around the world in first class locations in wasting fuel jet, use the product placed computers in the documentary, and yet he thinks everything is "a moral issue." He totally absorbed in his nightmares cheated, he says that he came to this conclusion because of the death of his sister (from tobacco-induced cancer and imminent death of his son the car of all things). He has to fight against the tobacco companies or believes that the cars will be prohibited because they are dangerous hulking machines? NO. Everything has to be "the economy", so why do it in another way, the answer is that it is not. <br /> <br /> His miserable and exhausted trying to humanistic philosophy devastating, all this while he takes off in the woods or along the rivers eschewing stale life-affirming quote. Well, Mr. Gore, why do not you try to live as ordinary people then? He's a politician, simply and clearly, he has a career invested in the power structure. My question is why he did not focus on the powerful industrial nations of the earth, who are to blame for most of the complications? He does not do it, because it would not be wise "investment, share and corporations." <br /> <br /> Al Gore gives a monotonous lecture on the subject in the documentary film, namely, the rich white people in the audience, who clap on cue, showing their schedule charts, numbers and percentages, and speaking in a dreary tone, no one without Harvard (which control the elite) education can not make sense out of it, but he tells us that everything is going to hell. No kidding, but I do not think that he does not consider this problem is in the approach that capitalism took on the planet, namely, that it is consumable, and the waste dumps. He makes no mention of how industrialization has created these problems, he just wants to put soft bandages on them, but not to eradicate the entire repressive system. It is obvious that he was corrupt, was sent to a school for the elite, and has the same basic nature of the policy, as well as any other back stabbing incompatible fools in Washington. Whoever did this propaganda, because it is no different than the Republicans started, had only a goal in mind, that were aimed at the capitalist impulse. That is, someone will benefit, and it seems that the "new green" policies that support enterprise capitalist companies that buy land hordes in an attempt to develop a "new utopian future" with "new technology." It's the same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elite structure, he really believes that there is a "democracy" in the United States, which I think is very naive. If we do not pay the salary of oil companies, then we will pay them for the wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> I believe we are at the end of a pretty rancid, along the lines of something GW Bush would penetrate to the masses dumb beaten Gore speaks about "people uniting together to defeat communism" in the 1990 year, It has been linked to global warming, absolutely nothing, but he's trying to get the basic emotions of ruminants in humans. With that said, he does not understand that communism has never existed in the world, in Europe and the USSR were only the tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less different from that monitors US interests. Social ecology are not even mentioned here, which is really a parody. If you want to change the world, you have to get rid of these legacy systems, which are based on greed, exploitation and violence.
