Well, maybe the PC version of this game was impressive. Maybe. I just finished playing the PS2 version, and it's pretty much a mess. <br /> <br /> There are several elements that are good or promising. I will name those first, because it will be faster. Firstly, the idea of ​​historical GTA-like game is great. Game The gun was historic GTA-like game, and unlike the mafia gun was excellent. I would like to see the game set in the times of the mafia is done correctly. Further, the storyline is well written. History has a meaning, it has a dramatic arc, he uses an unusual device (with most of the games have histories) and it is interesting. Finally, some of the graphics - especially used in the movie - is impressive. designers Mafia seemed to focus on getting the graphics right in those places where GTA stinted on this work, especially in the characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the graph kind of stinks, and I would prefer to have a different gameplay than impressive promising character. <br /> <br /> The gameplay is that drowning is the name that low. Firstly, the control and the camera absolutely suck. This should be the first focus of all game developers. You can not release a game in which controls and / or suck the camera. Number one, there is no reason that the player's character, Tom, can not have their full range of motion controlled by the left analog stick. If it is absolutely necessary, and it is hardly ever there, I hate setting, where the left stick moves the character in the "shaving" the way and the character can turn into only using the right analog stick. Here, it is not only not necessary, it makes the most simplest call of action. For example, Tom has to climb a couple of missions. But the game is designed so badly that you have to keep depressing manipulate both the right analog stick and the camera, and then press L1 every time you need to climb or descend Tom instead. <br /> <br /> Next, I have never seen worse combat system. The first problem is that you can not automatically target or block for any purpose. In an early stage, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2, to bind to the target, but it never worked. Thus, in order to focus on any enemy, you must fight with the bad right analog stick and try to keep adjusting the orientation of the character and the camera, which tends to drift to the wrong corner or make Tom disappears all the time. By the time you are likely to receive a beating or shot <br /> <br /> Next, if you are touching or nearly touching the Enemy. - and it certainly will be the case for close combat or using melee weapons, the combat system - which mainly consists of conversations or hold R1, completely useless. Enemies can lead you almost in his arms, but you just can not move, if you do not back down. So close fights usually consist of you pulls on the left analog stick, yelling at a character to get away, he will not make 50% of the time, and then press R1 as much as you can before the enemy gets too close again and R1 makes useless. And if the opponent changes its angle to you at the same time, you are also going to deal with the right analog stick to get your character oriented the right way and get the camera in a position so that you can see anything. By the time you are likely to receive a beating or shot again, and your only option is to try to move the character off again. My fights often consisted of making Tom to run in circles around the area, as a comedy, in the hope that I could get enough time to deal with analog stick and get a couple of shots in before the mercy of the AI ​​again. So much for the realistic battlefield. <br /> <br /> And the same problem, and no longer exist when trying to deal with weapons. If you are touching someone half-time controller simply will not let you fire a shot, but they can still penetrate your leaky. In addition, there is no auto-attack system goals and ridiculously sensitive, even with a sensitivity equal to zero for Options. Skirmishes tend to consist of you desperately trying to aim or move while the enemy puts a shot after shot you. Fortunately or not, the damage seems to be written about almost by accident. It can take anywhere from one to ten rounds or more to defuse any sign, and there is no rhyme or reason to this. You can put five rounds into the enemy's head and next to stop, and they still shoot and hurt you. However, game developers seemed to care enough about realism than they built out of sight in your system, so after a shot from a powerful device, your goal is to swim from the goal, and you have to fight him again. <, Br /> <br /> regard illustrious schedule, for the characters and textures that you're close to exclusion, they are actually quite disappointing. Distance always seems mostly empty, and there is often expanse of flat colors and textures around when you're behind the wheel. The town was not very well thought out. It does not change enough, and not too many interesting things to see or do. Cars seem slow, and they are difficult to control. In addition, they drive about the same. Some have mentioned the music, but it was also quite ugly. Much better job could be done in this direction. In addition, like many others have said, the download time funny and constant. They are, as a rule, for one minute in length, and they occur between and in the middle of everything -. Even races <br /> <br /> In general, by Mafia port on the PS2, at least, seems to have been in a hurry. The game feels and plays like a potboiler incomplete work.
