To act in the movie stinks. The plot has very little sense, but from what I understood, that it should be about a scientist who develops the ability to transform the personal belongings of people in a tiny steel balls, which then fly into your mouth and turn them into zombies (or blow their heads, whichever). And the effects of lousy too. Most of the film consists of bad music, the actors dance equally bad with bad music, interspersed with a few sad scenes of sex. This should be one of the worst things that have ever done, but for one thing. One of the shift elements of brilliance that makes "Nightmare Weekend» stand above the rest. And this special quality is the presence of George. <br /> <br /> George attractive interface device between the scientist's daughter, Jessica, and home computer security systems. With his green hair and nose, balding scalp, and heart-shaped mouth, George is the guardian angel / trustee Jessica, who asks him for advice on how to meet guys in one of the most dramatic pieces of dialogue ever taken on film. With his monotone voice synthesized, George tells Jessica that the percentage of men prefer women in white dresses, as well as that hitchhiking is the third best way to get acquainted with the guys after the discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica just can not seem to stay out of trouble, causing George to perform "emergency program code: Protecting Jessica." That leads to the violent death of Jessica b-be attacked by one of the above steel balls <br /> <br /> Kubrick was a fool to think he could give a computer a person, using close-ups of red light. HAL was to be presented by our friend George, to better translate the sympathy for his possible death. Light and sound show at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how much better this film was when the first means of communication with the aliens were George puppet hands. Bishop, data, R2 ?? kitchen appliances next to the Almighty, George! It may only be a movie for 8 to 90 minutes, but do not be fooled. This show is all about George. However, even a limited amount of screen time, George enters the ranks of such luminous Hollywood Action Hero Montrose, Mājai and Papp with "New Moon rising" as icons of American cinema. "George Apache» ?? you are my hero.
