I give this movie 3 out of 10, because I watched countless movies, and I can say that intellectual cinema with a message of mind teasing should look like. Definitely, not broken one of these films. I must admit that the film made me think a lot of trying to understand what all of this is trying to lead and, despite the explanation that I have read in previous comments, they seemed only an exaggeration only one league itself in intellectual people. photo on the cover shows clearly that is broken is broken upper part of the face, which usually contains the brain. This is a clear signal that once this part of the body breaks down the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So you start to expect on the characters of the film, to show their defective part, and it is not evident in any of the scenes because the movie starts immediately, without any introductions to the characters and their lives before. Although we see the father holding his rifle, when his children are trying to surprise him, as if he knows he has enemies, but still it's not a very strong key. If the keys were planted even in the film, it could be said that it is a masterpiece for sure. But although the film was so slow in pace, while at the same time so empty, without metaphorical scenes at all. And the evil father reuniting with evil Genome at the end of a strong rebuttal evidence existential reports that some people were talking about the other comments. Also, if Gene really lives in the apartment, her brother said to her, in the end, how tricky it? I bet that I can challenge any theory about this film with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: This film is a pretentious one and a waste of time. Obviously, this shows who is trying to make meaningless mystery-something that has no value at all. I'm a big fan of horror movies and special shredder those that some people call a popcorn movie. Horror movies do not convey deep messages! They should reveal a beautiful life mask and show you another dark side of it, which is the most well-known, I think. Horror movies have to have blood, the screams, the intensity, skeletons, organs and body parts. Because this is the real horror, and it is never far from reality. I watched almost all horror movies, and I can prove that each of them can be as real as the sunrise. Nothing is unrealistic as long as the mind is thinking about. For example, the horror film "The Train" with all the sharp decline and tensions it, and its similarity to almost everything that a "Hostel", this indicates a very real thing that sells body organs illegally kidnap people in foreign lands, where no one will ask or to look for them. <br /> <br /> and even if we looked at the film is broken, which is an existential message, it is still very poorly represented and least scary. I prefer addiction message presented in Requiem for a Dream, which goes beyond the addiction, to emphasize the fact that any kind of addiction is whether the sex, TV, security / nurture, etc ... can be so devastating, and it scared the hell of me. And those who always criticize the horror of what is senseless and very commercial, usually just a bunch of people who get scared easily and simply do not like the genre, but it does not mean that there are fans of these films, and that they have a lot to offer to the audience from the troubles of adrenaline, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertainment, the most important thing to face-to-face interviews with the essence of life as ugly and scary as it may seem, Death!
