If the myth of the broken mirror would be inaccurate, all involved in this production is now about 170 person years of bad luck, because there are a lot of mirrors, which fall into small pieces here. If only the script was shedding like glass, and then "broken" would be a brilliant film. Now, unfortunately, just a long, boring and derivative film with only a handful of great ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis have done very tastefully and elegantly photographed film, but the story is dark and the complete lack of logic and explanations really care. I got into a discussion with respect to one basic concept and the "meaning" of the film. He thinks that Alice found inspiration in the old legend, which says that spotting your counterpart is a foretaste of how you are going to die. Interesting theory, but I'm not familiar with this legend and could not find anything on the internet about it either. Personally, I just think that «The Broken» is one hundredth of a variation on the theme of "Invasion of the Body Snatchers," but without the alien intervention. "Broken" focuses on a family of American McVey lives in London, and, in particular, Jean. If the mirror spontaneously breaks during the birthday celebration, it triggers a series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina sees himself driving in the car and is worth its mirror image in an apartment building. While driving home in a state of confusion, it causes a terrible car accident and admitted to the hospital. If fired, Jin feels like it all around me. She no longer recognizes his own friend and terrible accident fragments flash before her eyes. Does she suffer from mental trauma caused by the accident or is there really a supernatural conspiracy is going on around her? Writer / director Sean Ellis, of course, causes a feeling of curiosity and suspense in his script, but, unfortunately, it can not develop properly. «The Broken» is really atmospheric and stylish effort but only after just half an hour of the film, you have come to the painful conclusion, it should just be beautiful, but empty package. There's a depressingly high number of "false" suspense in this film. This means building up the tension through the ominous music and terrible Angel camera when absolutely nothing happened even until now. By that time, when in fact the mystery of feet in these techniques have a chilling effect on you anymore. Some of my colleagues here-reviewers to compare the film and especially the style of Sean Ellis, with a repertoire of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but it's way, way ?? WAY too much honor. PS: that this alternate spelling; one of Scandinavian «O»
