This film is a pure, distilled, pure sadness. I did not know anything about it before I went into the dark room, took his place. I'm tempted, "mysterious and worrying" I believe in the Box poster. In addition, Headey nice and different sexual and Richard Jenkins always reliable guy to have around, so the cast seemed reasonable. Perhaps it was his name above the title, which convinced me to go with this instead of everything else was on. I had gone to see the Valkyrie for the second time instead. <br /> <br /> The thin plot revolves around Jin McVey Hadley, her boyfriend, her parents, her sister and her sister's husband, who for some reason are pursued in a very LOUCHE and enthusiasm, with the help of his evil twin, who with It is of the mirrors, which mysteriously to defeat. There may be a great film for the idea (not exactly an original idea, mind you, but still ...) and in fact, if the filmmakers stripped away all the supporting cast, and just stuck to the history of the character Headey in The Broken could "ve He made a smart 20-minute short film. As it is, he is unmotivated and desperately sad, and terribly inconsistent <br /> <br /> For example, in one scene, the mirror breaks on its own in case the numbers of all the main characters. they look puzzled, but quickly forget about it. In another scene, the mirror breaks in an empty room, and double shows how she "steps" from the shards hung on the wall. So why is the first mirror broken, if not horrible crawly did not have to come crawling? Just for a bit of a thrill? There are too many scenes of the characters in the dimly lit London apartments, looking in the corners because they thought they heard something, but seeing nothing there and move on. We begin to wonder why it is not an evil doppelgang really ever wants to try to scare them? Panic characters and you have a chance of scaring the audience. But we, the audience, we should start to threaten each other in the darkness of the theater, if we want to have any of the thrills while Broken. By the way, when we spent time with these evil counterparts, we are completely overwhelmed, why anyone should expect that to be frightened of them - they're just standing around, blank stares on their faces can be completely harmless after the murder of their friend. <br /> <br /> There are some good mood and affects everywhere, and I dare say the director Sean Ellis could fashion a truly stylish and disturbing the mysterious film, when he had to hire a creative writer in the next time.
