A couple of days after writing about how trash like MAD cows and this muddy ground to get the money, Ange, Duncan and Theo are completely ignored, I had to sit through another British film, * which to me scratching my head why he was one penalty. Some people may argue that because of the DEAD BABIES is based on the highly acclaimed novel, he has built the market, but this muddy ground and MAD cows were also taken from the novels, and they have been an ordeal to sit through, as well as <br /> < br /> I have read a plot synopsis, where a bunch of high-end spoiled to go to a remote house where they pursue internet cult, but to be honest, this is not quite how the story unravels and waited for Friday the 13th is responsible Shining will be bitterly disappointed, 90-95% of the working time is taken up with said E marks take drugs and discuss sex. And what characters they hate too. Not one of them is a pleasure, in any case, and in a few minutes you'll get nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot, hoping that the next time someone goes to the communist democide they will be successful in creating an egalitarian utopia. All that will mean the end of a decadent bourgeois senseless that hated characters in this film is welcome to start <br /> <br /> Not content with giving us a movie where the plot twisting and where the audience does not connect with the characters, the director continues to spoil things further to give all reasonable and Art. There is no doubt that we have the impression, so we will fall on their knees and cry out, "Oh my God, what a wonderful director, he bamboozles us with its high artistic technique and only useless plebeian will not be able to appreciate what God had given talent this man. " I am sure that the vast majority of people like screaming, "How are my projects were rejected and shit like that does not it?" Or, "the WTF was the last half hour of this piece of shit all?" You could protect the film saying the primary source unfilmable novel and it It makes the film unwatchable. I agree that the film unwatchable <br /> <br /> I know that classes IMDb it as an American film, but the style and faults with DEAD BABIES uniquely British. Americans may think they have things tight with Bush, but we got Tony Blair, not to mention babies DEAD, MAD cows and this muddy ground. Not surprisingly, that all is not ashamed to be British in the 21st century
