This film can be used in classes movies "How not to script B-Movie», of course there are inherent restrictions in the B-film. Budgets are tight, time is valuable (Scarecrow, apparently shot in 8 days) and the actors often green and inexperienced. one aspect you have complete control over the script writes the best you can within the constraints set in front of you. Scarecrow script seems to have been written in a drunken haze. I could go through fifteen examples of senseless script of this film, but I will mention only one: The nature of the gravedigger gravedigger. introduced for about an hour in the film. He seemingly has nothing to do with any of the other characters already in the film. He is shown with his daughter, who also has nothing to do with anyone else in the film. The gravedigger gives scenes a couple acting moody in and then killed to inflate the body count. Why give the gravedigger's daughter? Why give her daughter's boyfriend? Why introduce them so late in the movie? Why not try to make them part of an ongoing storyline? Scarecrow does not seem to care <br /> <br /> «History» with stuffed goes something like this :. Lester is a high school kid (played by an actor who I'd become attached to be in his early 30), who pesters the other children. He is an artist who paints birds in love with a classmate named Judy. His mother, a great city and a whore. One of her rejected boyfriends make fun of his drawings (calling him a "fag" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a high school student still draw a cowboy, I think he's more likely to be gay than a high school student which draws a crow) and then kills Lester, a corn field, a title stuffed. Magically, Leicester soul passes into a scarecrow. Anyway, this is the transfer of changes per Leicester from this artist that with joker gymnast (I know that some of the reviews referred stuffed kung fu scared. I do not agree. Scarecrow almost makes the whole procedure of the floor before jumping on a truck during the climax of the film). Scarecrow then proceeds to kill those who tortured him smoking pot in the corn field, those who dig graves, grave-diggers boyfriend's daughter, quite a few of those who came on the set. <br /> <br /> a bonus feature on the DVD must be specified. Director (French) makes an impromptu version of rap music, admits that he loves without head around on the set, so that he could screw his wife during operation and provides a quote to live by (and I paraphrase): "Life Ez bitch but others have a big ass "<br /> <br /> The number of Beers I drank while watching this film: it has helped 5: no Number of Beers is not required to enjoy this film: everything you need to get to blackout drunk level.
