Over the past 20 years, the majority of British films about how terrible poverty and the UK as our young people do not stand a chance of the good life while they live on the mean streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with "broken Britain". Needle, This England, Kidulthood, The Football Factory, the European Commission and from London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy added another British film to this list. The protagonist is willing to go further right, he still insists on hanging around with dead beats who carry weapons and fight the gang members nothing. I was never sure that he does not want to go straight, as there was nothing to stop him pursuing education or profession. In fact, it would be a breath of fresh air when he was left with right and we had a character that transformed my life. Instead, he spends his time helping his friend, trying to commit murder. I did not feel any sympathy when he predictably shot another teenager at the end of the film, which is sad because at the beginning of the movie I really liked the whole family and their desire to succeed. I think that the creators have missed a great chance to show the world that the success belongs to those who are willing to really strive for this (as well as the pursuit of happiness). <br /> <br /> I know that the aim of this film was an attempt to draw a realistic picture of what life is like for black teenagers living in working class areas of the UK, but do not we already have enough film in the UK in order same story? Do these talented writers and producers time to give Britains youth to aspire to, and show them a better life is just around the corner? <br /> <br /> I applaud the creators of bullets boy not to download a movie full of senseless violence in order to try to achieve success with the help of shock factors (eg, Kidulthood, The Football Factory), but at the same time, this film does not offer anything new in the long list of British films that effectively dull and depressing to look at. There's no happy ending of this film or any of the others I have mentioned.
