One of the five worst movies I have ever watched. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I recommend to watch it, so you can get the same feeling of skepticism, as you could, watching the actress. <br /> <br /> With 400 votes, the film received a user rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionately large number of voters, who gave him the 10-10, probably in connection with the message of the film - a nuclear weapon scourge of humanity. Chuck Murdoch all-star little league pitcher who throws the baseball, because it has nuclear weapons. Soon «Amazing Grace» Smith All Star Boston Celtics, who inspired by the story of Chuck and gives basketball. Soon all sports leagues on the professional level to college to high school in a small league dismantled worldwide protest. Later, all the children of the world are silent on the strike. It encourages the US President to meet with the Soviet premier, who at the time agreed to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Little League season. The film ends with Chuck's going to throw out the first pitch, with the president saying his new best friend Chuck did not worry about striking out every batter, since he has not thrown a baseball in a year. <br /> <br /> Somewhere along the line the infamous crime boss kills Amazing Grace. When the President learns that he said the FBI can check the killer, but could never prove it. Thus, the president calls a criminal boss the world ( "But it's 1 am" "I do not care to get him on the line") and tell him that he must resign from all the company's board that he was sitting, and sell all the shares, who he is. And do not get out of line again. <br /> <br /> To be honest, this film was so nasty that I could not turn it off. It was on television from 2:30 am to 4:00 am, and I watched it all. I do not rule out the propaganda campaign against nuclear weapons. I was expelled by means implausible breakdown of all organized sports. I do not even understand why «Amazing Grace» Smith was killed. And with all these famous athletes become friends Chuck, why his father is constantly dissatisfied with his son takes a principled stand. And there was a stamp of time near the end, when the father says Chuck, "I never told you this, but I'm proud of you.» Cue arms.
