It's a real shame that almost no one under the age of 30 years do not know "on top" recording of Michael O'Donoghugh- journal articles and SNL skits that were a genius in the course of time ... and so it's a real shame that anyone who It can take the opportunity to explore his work, without a doubt, take the easy way and watch videos- so that led them to the MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> In this film there are reasonable elements that never fully connect to the funny bone. The viewer feels things like cat diving / swimming with a man who thinks he has found happiness cat tossing these kittens in the pool, in which the camera stands at a slow pace and sequence assembly. Then we were taken to the island, where all past fads pensioners (hula hops, animal stones, iridescent Dread wigs, etc.) Then we enter into the world of music (punk was a new sort of music during the film), where "D" speed bar performer Rootboy Slim performs "boogie to pukes" in his lazy-style mud and an eclectic song. Now, the real beauty of it all background music. in many different styles with many different instruments sound Telstar plays and replays- for those who do not understand, Telstar was the first American satellite launched into space, and the theme was created to celebrate the genius of Man and triumph. the MR microphones seem to have been intended as a signal to societal disintegration ridiculous waste. Now one thing, the theater offered the video release is not a live performance of Sid Vicious (for example, sex is not the gun fighters) singing MY WAY. His version is very different from Sinatras as one might imagine, but to be honest, I feel that it is very much worth listening to ... is good! It's boring in combination VHS release of Paul Anka waives his songs and the viewer is forced to experience the 3 1/2 minutes of silence with an explanation of the image of rolls singing dead floor gun. <br /> <br /> I would give the theater release of 5 or 6 video closer to 4, and now, when so much passé I can see where many people would give it 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good script O'Donoghugh watching Scrooged ... it's better tribute to the man with insight and talent.
