Well, I'm probably about to be criticized by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured films I've seen in a long time. We have a half-hour film 2 and a half, which feels like it's three and a half because he has two films in one. The first film tells the story of a family who must move to form your house because of drought and famine. They should go to the south of the city to find food or work some. Conveniently they are to find a bag with values ​​and at the same time, they recognize that the drought ended. Yes OK. With this knowledge, they return home with their wealth, and all fine and good again. <br /> <br /> Well, that it takes about an hour and floors of the film during its incredibly lifeless at this point he has a good arc to it. Do you think that it would be a fantastic place to finish the film. Nevertheless, the film then continues for an hour the other. And in the remaining time, it takes a simple story about a family that deals with the world sorrows and turns it into a juicy melodrama about infidelity and jealousy between lovers. Oh yeah, and the old, the money is the root of all evil blah blah blah. Just because you know your doing epic film does not mean that your story can go on the needs of more than he should. In addition, the basic idea, which I have collected about this movie is that the earth is good for the family and keeps them together. Then why do we spend an hour telling the story of a rich man fell in love with another woman, and why the last moment of the film, dedicated to his wife, that our protagonist does not even care for most of the film. <br /> <br /> Oh, wait, and the film is not the only thing, Thats a poorly written, the wife of the main characters has absolutely no sense. She complains a lot about how she was a slave, and she never wanted to have a slave and Yadda Yadda Yadda. Then why on level ground it is ready to sell his only daughter into slavery. Even if they are starving at the time of this idea, it still does not make sense, if 20 minutes later in the film she complains again unwilling slave. <br /> <br /> There are other movies from the thirties, which must be paid attention to. The only thing that this one will be for it is the cinema. Earth shot beautifully, and the sequence of the locusts is very impressive. It is a pity that they were in a movie that did not have a clue. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that at this point in time Hollywood was focused mainly on the stars, and they decided that a good actor can portray anything. For most of the movie Paul Muni does reflect Asian man in the best of my ability, but once it gets to the point of the floor, where the film goes on for no reason, he loses it and just becomes a regular old Italian floor, they even cut his hair so that it looks like Tony with Scarface (also better movie than this). Of all the main characters in the film, I think maybe three really are Asian, the rest of the Americans are stupid. Yes, please, Ms. Rainer, that was a really good performance one note, no, if I could I rip Oscar out of your hands, for I would. <br /> <br /> The Good Earth is one epic waste of time. If you want something for it in vain to look for a good night to get Grapes of Wrath, a film that truly deserves all the praise it receives. Mainly because it is not a monkey was written.
