... because they're both pretty bad. I think the best part of the movie is terrible imperial picture Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs. It looks like it could very easily get out of this picture, copy someone bloody pieces, and quietly re-enter the picture, looking as if nothing had happened. Now that you know a movie is in trouble, when part of a set of furniture is possible to get your attention. <br /> <br /> I'll admit, I paid $ 30 for a DVD only, so I can see Faye Dunaway in the modern horror film. I know what you're thinking - 30 bucks right into a gaping black hole. And you'd be absolutely right. This movie sucks. There is a right under the open sky. I was expecting some actual horror, and I waited and waited and waited. No one came. Raven (probably a raven in makeup) does not scare me, seeing the small pieces of internal organs do not frighten me, and even Faye did not frighten me. I'm not as brave as I know, so it should be the film itself, which is a problem. Furthermore, Jennifer is not scared no. Her internal organs literally falling apart, and she seemed more annoyed than anything. Her life is rapidly coming to an end, and she was worried about reaching more money. Honey, you can not take the money, where are you going !!! "I need money," she always said, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs collapsed and ceased to function. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, I spent the whole movie wondering blown up, it was with his grandmother (Fairies), I was suspicious at first, Fey plays the grandmother, and everything, and I'm still suspicious on the end. There is another relative who lives in the house, Jennifer and Mary Ellen's grandmother-C-hell forced to share time, and I believe that it is of the same generation as my grandmother said. Here's the weird part - relative looks as if she has just gone through its eight hundredth birthday. Mary Ellen looks as if she had just received a facelift by a famous surgeon. Face-lifts can not work miracles, but I think that the appearance of Fay is important for rice-paper section. Spoiler !!! It seems that the family is suffering from a disease that affects the poor acting ... I'm sorry, my little joke. But seriously, then all the diseases that lead to their organs to fail and eventually disintegrate. Ugh, yes? It is interesting that Mary Ellen was still alive and all its organs intact. How does it avoid the family curse? Something with it, obviously, <br /> <br /> Another reason is mourning the loss of my thirty dollars. - the film features one of my pet peeves films. I mean dual endings. This film ends up twice. I absolutely hate it when that happens, and it feels in this film, as the director shot the ending, did not like, and forget to remove it during editing. I believe that this should be scared, but that's only if you're a film editor. <br /> <br /> There is one advantage to this debacle, though, and it's one of the reasons why I bought the DVD. "Director" comment features Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how she behaved when she had no lines to recite. Guess what - the movie sucked so bad I was not able to sit through it again. Away.
