Shadow Jennifer is in Argentina and starts as Jennifer Cashier (Gina Philips) comes back after her sister Joanne died. Jennifer is a large house of Joan in her will, Jennifer decides to sell the house and go back to Los Angeles, but her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) opposes the sale. However, strange things begin to occur, Jennifer begins having nightmares about Raven pecks at her, and she begins to feel very bad. After checking into the hospital, it seems that one of her kidneys, mysteriously disappeared, what's going on with Jennifer? It is an ancient family curse? Jennifer will be the next to succumb to it ... <br /> <br /> This Argentine American co-production was co-written and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega and Pablo Pars is really stupid waste of ninety-odd minutes, tedious and predictable modern ghost story, I would guess that more people put to bed earlier than scare them. Scenario Vega, PARES and Pia Pettiett rather slow and tedious movement, which is not what anyone wants, I mean, I'm sure most people do not want to sit down and bored with their skulls. The characters are all pretty uninteresting and featureless with little or no motivation anything that they do. For example, who is the cemetery caretaker guy? How does he know about demons? What is his interest and motivation to get involved? I could not see him. Jennifer herself rather unpleasant and fresh leading lady, her grandmother Mary Allen as a template, as they come and it is surprising that it is so clearly a villain. I mean, this kind of a mystery based on the history of horror / ghost is surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in the logic as well as in history, which, together with a terrible twist ending which is not so much a twist I did not like Shadow iota. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Directors Vega & PARES goes down significantly to route whitening almost all colors of the image, often it makes it not too far from black and white, I suspect that they would like to give it a sense of gothic period, but it was before, and often so much better than what has been done so many times, he did not do much for me at all and just makes the whole movie look dull and lifeless. There's a certain period of the 40s look the same, from the costumes to the inside of the big house, but again, it is rather half-hearted and cheap looking. Jennifer shadow well done, but it's pretty forgettable, it's not terrible or awful and it is quite predictable. If that was not enough, NO or gore, there are a few scenes Crows peck away at people and a joyful heart, but nothing more. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of approximately $ 1 million and changed the name Raven Chronicles of an international DVD release is done quite well in the US and a million but will not buy you too much these days and shade Jennifer pretty much proves that theory. There are too many scenes of the actor performances in thick Argentinean accent, and, in spite of what may be realistic, I really would like to be able to understand what people are saying. Actions in order, though Dunaway overacts badly and obviously there for the money. <br /> <br /> Shadow Jennifer inappropriate ghost movie that I thought was a total hole from start to finish, I would like to look incredibly strange creatures, stopped the life and became a Mixed-Up Zombies !!? (1964) again instead. A total waste of time.
