This is easily the most frustrating, not less pleasant film all the so-called blacksploitation genre, which, incidentally, are the films we usually use in our big house. Instead of "exploitation" or humiliating, these films actually provide an invaluable understanding of the era. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, the Duke returned Bucktown nightclub left to him by his recently deceased brother. He quickly learns that the city is completely controlled by the corrupt police, bleeding protection money from all local businesses. Duke resists, and determines that it will save the city from the corrupt police officers. Unfortunately, it does so on the phone in the squad of your friends (these people are vaguely explained how some former black militant who worked with Duke on the "jobs" in the past), and they just kill the whole police department reserved. And just in front of hundreds of witnesses who are not doing anything to stop it. Ignorance is no excuse for killing, and it would be much more interesting to see the police Cracker suffer for his actions, instead of just getting whacked on the street. While revenge everywhere and usually satisfying theme in films of this genre, this is far from seeing Grier hunt down the thugs who off'ed his family, Cassie them, give them Jujitsu Ass Kickin 'and install them "here on fire. That is the art (and the reason for existing), and in fact the level of respect that totally undeserved just shooting someone in the back. Of course, in this amazing tale, she plays a woman completely under the thumb of a man, afraid of crackers, which govern its city and oppress its people. Indeed, its board of Duke, "Run, man, they're going to kill you!» <br /> <br /> After a nasty and gratuitous violence, we must believe that the mayor fully justifies the actions of the duke and his friends to congratulate them and offering throw a parade in their honor as opposed to, say, calling the DA to push capital murder charge against them and have them in custody. Duke squad rejects parade and instead chooses to fill the numerous vacancies in the police, created by their recent killing spree. They soon will be even more corrupt than their predecessors Cracker Police (mayor quote, "it is ten times worse than it was before!"). Now Duke believes he must once again save Bucktown citizen from corrupt, fire-rackets law enforcement and again to make it safe for decent folk to control prostitution in the streets. Unfortunately, the Duke has lost the moral high ground and sympathy for the hero, since he was a willing participant in the original police murder. I would not have cared one way or the other if he saved Bucktown or dishonest connected himself at this point. I believe that we need to be entertained reasonable way Duke must outwit a new police thugs, but in fact the film is now just become opera gratuitous violence, Duke killing all his former friends and allies in cold blood with the same lack of sympathy he had when attacker shot the police. Duke pig. <br /> <br /> And finally, when everyone in the city, but the Duke, Aretha, and employees of the local brothel and dead Bleedin 'on the street, our hero and heroine go to the night as though they were excellent quality and saving value; they do not. Duke just a killer and a bandit Aretha his turn misogynist accomplice. If you are interested in this genre of film, by all means, I highly recommend them, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby ??, but if in the process you have to run through this DVD, throw it as far away as you may have! Drop it like it's hot! This should be viewed as one would treat a burning pool of nuclear waste! There's no film in general Blacksploitation era, not much more interesting, rich and populated prettier and beautiful characters than this piece of slime, apparently written and focused on some hormonally unbalanced high school sophomore.
