Night of the Comet begins as the world prepares for a once in a lifetime event, passing to 65 million, and year of the comet. Instead of watching the light show Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night with a movie projectionist Larry Duprey (Michael Bowen) in their booth ... They wake up the next morning and, as Larry tries to get away from the movie, he is attacked & killed by zombies , the same zombie attacks Regina, but she manages to escape, where she discovers that almost everyone on the planet has been turned into red dust. Almost all due to some strange coincidence the only other person to survive, happen, her sister Samantha (Kelly Maroney), they are desperately looking for more survivors and meet long-distance trucker named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). At the same time, a bunch of evil scientists need human blood to develop the serum to save himself from becoming a dust and they look out for unwitting donors ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Thom Eberhardt night I found the experience quite a comet view the trash, I am surprised by the amount of positive feedback on IMDb about it, because I just thought it was boring shit that never lived up to its potential. The scenario begins 100 miles per hour with the obliteration of the world's population and a zombie attack, but then she goes absolutely nowhere and then ultimately represents an ominous blood steals the scientist to the end of the film, because by that time a fine history run its course. There are plot holes as if these scientists want blood, why shoot three or four members of the gang and save the two sisters when guys would provide more blood for their experiments, killing them just seemed very strange and almost suicidal thing to do given that they need blood to develop a cure, it just does not make sense, I mean, if your going to die and you have to experiment on human blood would be enough to have five or six donors of blood or only two? I'm not having the fact that the two sisters have survived independently of each other, I mean that the chances of that? If Hector confronts women scientists for the first time, she never mentions Samantha or where she was or where was the underground, where they took Regina before she committed suicide, as Hector know these things? I also thought that after the first twenty-odd minutes of the film slows down to a snail's pace and has become an incredibly dull and boring to watch, having heard so many good things about it comet Night comes to me as nothing more than a sad overpriced piece of crap. <br /> <br /> Director Eberhard does a very good job, I liked the look of the film, with its red tinted sky, and he manages to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, too many empty streets of shots, there is a permanent installation's empty streets, deserted roads and abandoned buildings and becomes extremely repetitive and boring. OK, we get that there is no one on so there is no need to keep ramming down our throats, constantly showing the road with no cars on them. Zombie completely wasted, there are two zombie attacks throughout the film and it's two separate zombies as well, although there are several effective nightmarish scene. Night of the Comet is given or tear-off, depending on what you prefer, several other much better movies, including mandatory end global shopping spree at the mall raised from Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget about any blood or gore, as there is no. <br /> <br /> Technically Night of the Comet pretty good special effects are decent and the production crew was obviously very well on the streets are closed off. Action was good to wait Maroney Samantha air-blonde head, which became very annoying. <br /> <br /> Night of the Comet was a big disappointment for me, I was hoping so much more. Persoanlly I found this film is dull, boring, monotonous and induces vomiting sequence, where the sisters go shopping on the theme of "Girls just wanna have fun" probably the worst moment in the film. Really bad and I just do not understand why so many people like this, I'm sure I'll get slaughtered by saying that this is so even if the abuse started, I can take it ...
