I think the applause is for the one who slices trailer latest version of "Rogue Pictures Returns". I myself, together with all the others have been deceived, believing that it is really a horror film. On the contrary, though, in fact, his supernatural thriller. It is a pity that it is not in the least bit worried. <br /> <br /> Star «The Return» Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who had personal problems since the age of eleven. At this age, she began to have an obsessive vision, depicting the murder of a woman she had never met. While in Texas, on a business trip, she manages these ghosts in the hometown of the murdered woman, La Salle. There she comes face to face with another person who often appeared in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, who plays Peter O'Brien. Joanna now a desperate search for answers. Search, which can end up in her own murder. <br /> <br /> I do not really know where to start here people. What I would like to mention in the first place? Disgusting acting, directing disgusting or horrible story fresh? No matter which one I choose my point of each are not the same thing: they just suck. Adam Sussman scenario is completely idiotic. It is not interesting. It is not convincing. It's just frustrating. I kept waiting for something to give a start to "film" (I put quotes around the film, because I do not believe that the "Return" deserves to be called the actual movie because of his wickedness.) And at least give him some small chance of hope, but nothing happened. I stayed in the unbearable cold, to freeze. even stellar performances from the actors themselves could save this disaster. Of course, they probably knew it, after reading the script, then agreeing to make a "movie." I suppose that's why action has been so badly. At least, that's what I choose to believe. I really hope that the actors are not proud of their performances. They need emergency medical help if they do. <br /> <br /> Currently direction was clearly bad, but I can not quite cross Asif Kapadia completely. (Well, I could, but I will not because I'm such a nice guy.) I am looking at «The Return» as a test for Kapadia, because for all of you who do not know that this is his first feature film " . it just gets your foot in the door and is still learning. the next time around, well, when there is a next time, I hope he will be greatly improved. The only thing he was able to achieve here was almost completely duplicate the visual style of the 2003 remake Nispel about the "Texas chainsaw massacre." Now it's nice "film" was given, but, unfortunately, it still will not be receive any kudos from me for it. Copying the work someone else is something I consider worthy of praise. (Even if it's from the movie, which I loved.) <br /> <br /> I think that Jim Sonzero in American remake of «Pulse» will now have to fork out for the title of worst movie of the year on the "return". It is no doubt, he deserves to be called almost every conceivable way. Now I have no doubt that it will make a small, and I mean very small profit. No matter what, though, it will not surpass or even parallel to the fluke success of the previous existing efforts Gellar, «The Grudge». On that note, there is one last thing I would like to add. I can honestly say that I have never been embarrassed to have been apparently leaving the theater audience, yet to see "The Return". This is something I never want to experience again, along with the "film" itself.
