In all my years of film it occurs only once I got out on the film, and it was awful, "Stay with us." Fortunately, the film returns to the ticket, and I went to the "Buffy" in place (slight improvement). This is the movie "Gone with the Wind" in comparison with "Dick", a comedy so unfunny that it almost became the second movie that I have ever walked out of. "Dick" was so unfunny could not even laugh at him, let alone laugh them. <br /> <br /> Of course, to pay to see a movie with a title like "Dick" it suggests that he will be filled with silly jokes and "member" wind a huge disappointment, and yet I had high expectations because of the significant actors (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc. etc.) and putting that at least promises something fresh. the fact that the film was taken as predicted, four depressingly predictable "Dick" jokes, comic suffering from disorders with the exact rhythm of the body, and the assumptions that were thin after the first five minutes, in short, it was the scene of Watergate "Forrest Gump" stretched -. No, laid on the counter and distorted -. Over 90+ agonizing minutes <br /> <br / > as soon as you realize that the two main characters --airless, fresh squealers, who gasp and roll the eyeballs continuously - will be involved in every major Watergate case, you begin to mentally tick the story as it progresses: 18 and a half minutes of the erased tapes Nixon, check; Deep Throat meeting with Woodward and Bernstein, Check; John Dean gets a change of heart, and testifying check. The process is delayed more sluggish and how involvement in Watergate as a real business with about the same laughter becomes to download. Although he claims to be a fun re-deconstruction of the events that led to the resignation of President Nixon, it turns into a paint-by-the-numbers, choose your own adventure, complete the comedy in-the-blanks, which says very little, and entertains even less <br /> <br /> even the strong point of the film -. above pronunciation - it's amazingly unproductive here. Most disappointing of all, Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Lydda. Trapped as it Lidda the thick whiskers and straight jacket in this scenario numbingly surly Shearer murmurs more rows desperately trying lifelines due prosthesis nose and eyebrows, and then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the comic masterminds of children in the room (the other two, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney will also appear in the film - ah, the blessings of nepotism) fares poorly as well. His H.R. Haldeman sometimes devotes much-need funeral coverage area, but the funny thing about it buzz cut he flaunts - perhaps a bit of funny movies. And then there is Daniel Hedaya, Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "Dick" mind. (Ha ha, how funny funny.) He was able to play solid Nixon, avoiding traps (such as overdone makeup, rubber nose and false teeth a la Anthony Hopkins), while retaining the essence (fluctuations between the human tenderness and brutality). I seem to forget someone. ,, Oh yes, the two stars of the film, the more bubble-teens. I can not remember their names, perhaps because I suppressed their performances. Nothing could be further from the ridiculous; nothing could be more painful than having to endure their deliverly, who fled range of "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with occasional "pouty" beat in. <br /> <br /> This film seemed a poor excuse to string together a 70s soundtrack hits and challenging period clothing, both of which, it seems the norm these days for movies and television shows set in «Me Decade." But the clothes and music to the wind as a substitute replacing the true characteristics of the plot, a native of additional plot shorthand that producers hope to compensate for anemia letters. <br /> <br /> Common possible use for this film it years down the road, when David Letterman or Conan O'Brien is a one of its talented cast. That awful cinematic excretion will draw embarrassing, and we hope to humble stunned guests. The sad thing is that the real bad guys in all this - the writers and producers - will be far from the camera view may be preparing another catastrophe such as this <br /> <br />.
