When I first saw the preview of this movie, I really could not wait to see it. The plot seemed good and the setting was great. I mean, a slasher film, which takes place on the final evening, a great idea !! And the plot: middle school teacher who becomes sexually obsessed with one of his students, going crazy, arrest, and goes out after three years at prom! Prom night, a night that has to be a happy and memorable turns into hell !! However, I saw it and was very disappointed. It is not only the worst "horror film" I've never seen, but it was one of the worst films in general that I've ever seen !! First of all, it was not even scared. There is not one moment in the film when I jumped out of my seat. In addition, the murder scene was so bad and sad. All made slasher knife or his victim in the stomach several times and cut their throats. Also, there was absolutely no gore (it is rated PG-13). The scene with the more blood is probably one where the murderer kills a black girl. He cut her throat and blood splatters on the sheets, roam around them (they do not really show his sharp her throat). <br /> <br /> Next, you see that the murderers are facing for the first time when it is introduced in the film, he is not a mysterious, gruesome or scary. He's just a guy who kills people. <br /> <br /> In addition, everyone in the film was so cliché. For example, if, in the end, the killer is going to kill the main character, and at the last moment, the detective shoots and kills him. In addition, each item in this film was so predictable. The victim saw a guy with a knife, running for his life, hiding, thinking that she was leaving and then the killer just pops up and kills her. <br /> <br /> Finally, the sequence of the film was very bad. A guy goes into a hotel, killing several people, the bodies were found, someone pulled the fire alarm, and everyone evacuated. The protagonist forget something in your room, there is a meeting with the killer runs and runs. That's it! She and her boyfriend to go home, the slasher is killing the guards patrolling the house, finds a girl and then kill the detective. The sequence of the film was so stupid and cliché. <br /> <br /> If your thinking to see this film is because viewing looked good, believe me, do not waste your time and money. It is not surprising that the film was not shown in a small theater in the cinema. My friend and I, along with two girls sitting in the back, was the only one in the theater. What I had to tell me something about the movie in advance.
