The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney films. I'm sorry to say, however, that Disney is completely messed up when they did it continue. I admit that there are some good points to it. The songs are not bad, and the animation is clean and uncluttered. There is some humor, I'm sure - I do not remember, because after seeing it I immediately banned him from re-appear before my eyes. The worst point of this movie is the plot. In this film, Ariel gets her father. It prohibits daughter walking on the beach (well, out of fear), just as she was not allowed to approach the ground. I personally believe that, given its past Ariel will support some of her stubborn ways and does not belong to her daughter, as she lechilasi. <br /> <br /> In addition, this fact, Ursula was replaced, not terrible, miserable his race Sea Witch (malnourished, forgotten sister), who is more funny than scary. It also has a bit of fry to make it an order - but it is not worse than terrible if Ursula. Ursula spoiled us its plausibility for thin. This sea witch joke. <br /> <br /> In the end, the flounder is a fat, deep-voiced father (not cute guppies we all know and love) and the voice of Eric same actor is not even carried out (something that always makes me nervous in a remake / the sequel). (His voice contrast was very obvious to me, by the way!), I felt that the only reason was to make this film was so that Disney could catch a few quick dollars, then I hate to think of the corporation I actually really enjoy. I felt that this area did not have enough imagination. I know that this act (child after the parents) occurs, but Ariel was different. It was something that we liked so much about it. It was a dream, she fell in love and she did this dream. While it does not appear in this film, that is. Then she began as well as other adults. It is not Ariel, I know. And I do not like her. <br /> <br /> I know some kids who enjoy this film, and I know some adults who do not mind it, either. But for me, and for all of you out there who have the greatest love of Ariel, please do not watch this movie. Ariel we know dies within voskresnuvshey only for a song or two, and one of the final scene, which is really not bad (where it takes water back) - even though it occupies a very small part of the final regardless.
