I loved the first Mermaid. I know that these songs, I love the character and I love history. Return to the sea: I can not do anything like this on The Little Mermaid II say. It was awful. Let's start with history. The site has been reversed replica of the first film. The same situation except in the opposite direction! Ariel wanted to live on the ground, her daughter Melody (stage name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel had been fool Ursula, Melody cheat sister Ursula Morgan. Ursula had a sister ?? I do not know where that came from. Also, what a strange copy of the first film, the plot of this movie seemed tired and was uninteresting in comparison with the first film. Now the characters: 1. Ariel- What happened to her ?? !! No longer sticks, bratty teenager we all knew and loved from the first film, she is now "up" and her personality has gone down the drain. Her singing voice was not as strong or because of any Jodi Benson to be much older, or song, being so desperate that her talent is wasted. 2. Prince Eric- Although he did not have a lot of faces in the first film, as well as all the princes of Disney, such as his new voice, and very few lines make it even more robotic. To top it off, he just can not seem to protect themselves, and Ariel becomes hard one of the two. 3. Sebastian- Say goodbye to the cute crustaceans from the first film, so maudlin, aggravating little crab just took his place. He also did not have good songs in this film. You can almost forget the fame he gained from singing incredible "Underwater" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first film, and it is very sad. 4. Flounder- They destroyed it !! He can not live any longer, his voice is terrible, and they have children at the moment ?? Who mother ??? 5. Morgana- She seems to have a sister Ursula revenge against her mother, who always took Ursula over her. So she plans to get a King Triton's trident to become the new head of the sea. Sounds familiar? Anyway, it is very cliché villain and falls short of greatness Ursula as a villain. She epically fail in witchcraft, it is not very hard, and does not threaten at all. 6.Melody- daughter Ariel and Eric. Ironic name because it, unlike Ariel, can not sing. Her voice is annoying, its members (walrus and penguin ?? Really?!) Is not funny or nice, and it is exactly the same as Ariel, in the opposite direction, not cute. Skip this one. Nha watch any sequel to Disney's Lion King 2. except this film a classic expression that lives in all of our pleasant memories. I look at this movie and just laugh.
