Well, how long Disney fan, I really -hate- direct to video sequel to Disney. Walt MOST did not believe in them. He believed in "and they lived happily ever after" is the end. But this one ... really ticked tacos. I was ripped off so many other Disney movies in that it was not funny. A brief summary, if you do not already know ...: Melody, the daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric, born. Sister Ursula Morgan (which basically looks Ursula if she were painting themselves green and go on a starvation diet Ally Macbeal) shows up and after trying to make a newborn in Tyke, and failures, predicts a thought for the characters. After this test, Ariel enters the period of life, like her father, and refuses to talk about her mermaid heritage melodic, and later, forbids her to come nearer to the sea. Well, surprise surprise. Melody discovers being stubborn brat she is, and runs away, and then makes a deal with Morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (Gee that sounds familiar?) It becomes one, but she's half of the transaction, Trident should get her grandfather and bring it back to the sea witch. At the same time, she works in a pair of rejected animals, a penguin and a margin named Timon and Pumbaa - yes? Wait ... no! it is not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? You can deceive me. Anyway, I would like to show more, but almost everything that could happen to guess does. So ... short. This film is "borrowed" too many other (better) Disney movies ... and does it badly. ... Let's Council and the shooting? Why not just make a dash obscenely pretentious and make it even more obvious rip-off! Ugh. Not to mention, the general nature of the massacre Ariel personality. She has gone from freespirited, stubborn woman, a clone of her father. Not good at all ... they are basically telling us is sweet, fiery little mermaid we have been known to grow and love is dead. Plus the melody itself is not such a big character, or ... she damn annoying! And willful! Not to mention the fact that they have done for Flounder. Ugh ... anyway, if you choose to see this piece was created in the main-profit causes, non-fancy, Eisner sponsiruemyhov with ****** t, I suggest, perhaps waiting "for him on the Disney Channel or any other channel. Because, it's not even worth the rental price. <br /> <br /> * with ***** stars.
