I believe that it was for the Temple Matthews, which is written in the main remake, although there are a few changes that just make it worse. Spoilers: This is very similar to the original. The Melody, the new daughter Ariel is threatened sister Ursula Morgan. Morgana escapes, but keeps his promise to take them to Melody. Ursula knew a sister? And it is not as great as the villain Ursula. There is a similarity. Medoly found from sea to Morgana Sun is captured, but she does not know about it, because it all happened when she was a child. The wall surrounds the palace, to keep her and Morgan. It passes under the walls of the day in the day to swim and talk with Sebastian, which is not so funny, and fun as the original. She finds a shell with her name and runs away from home and look for answers and find Morgan. Here the similarities; tricks Morgana Melody, what makes her happy, transformed here into a mermaid. At the same time, Eric, melodies and King Triton to look for her. In order to remain a mermaid, she must steal the trident of Triton. Melody does so because she does not know, King Triton is her father. She is friends with the penguin and margins, and here, where it's awful. Penguins who live with them in the icy ocean, hate them, because they are cowards. Thus, they are trying to prove that they are heroes and fail. It does not suit Mermaid. And the dialogue in the course of these negotiations between the Penguins and the two characters bleeding ear. You know why? Since the first had a long history. This one is not, and is not magical. This is just an example of how badly many sequels there. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them, and they help to take her to Atlantica, to prove himself. If they take a trident, Ariel finds the melody of the Morgans. Melody is angry with his mother for the maintenance of its water, so it gives Morgana trident, it shows his true colors as soon as she grabs it. Poor Ariel and melodies in her custody. Penguin and walrus begin to prove themselves when they are fighting each Morgans sharks. Unfortunately, I did not mention it before. They finally prove himself. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but are forced to bow to the power of the trident Morgana. Melody accepts it, it plunges on Triton and it icing Morgana (literally). Then Ariel apologizes tune, and thinks that it is all her fault. It was not! Ariel did the right thing to protect the melody, but they never say so. Triton offers Melody live in the sea and on land. It really is a "good idea." It uses the trident to evaporate the wall so people and MER-Folk can be together. Then everyone sings a horrible song. END. <br /> <br /> Anyone who saw it and loved it, obviously, have not seen the original. I do not like it, because I am a teenager. I liked it when I was very, very little. Then, when I got older, I began to see that bad about this movie. young, young children will enjoy it, but it is likely that, if they are in elementary school, they will forget about it. I usually think that I too judge the film, and it was better than I remember, when I looked again, but not this one. It gets worse. The story is no exception. If you think reading is that the story is good, read on this comment, and you will know the other negative points: Well, you know the story now. I'm sorry for spoiling it for you, but I had to point out some bad parts. One of the worst things an animation. Color awful. The original was a beautiful color. Watching it almost made me want to go blind. Even illustration and landscaping were not good. The original was a beautiful, magical color and beautiful underwater landscape design and land, and that makes it a joy to watch. <br /> <br /> Music is unbearable. Compared to the first, the music here is shit. The songs are not so well-written and Tara Strong (I think that's her name), who made melody can not sing. She occasionally sang either too high or not follow the melody of the song. So much for being "Melody" as name.And music is not very beautiful or moving. The Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for it, and he really deserved it. This one earned Razzie award for worst scores in the future, if it exists. <br /> <br /> I did not want to vote. Several people who played the character from the first, did the same in this. Jodi Benson great singer, but now that she's older, no offense to her, her voice is not too deep and not so beautiful anymore. And I'm really disappointed in it, and others who were the first to be part of it. If I had been selected for this movie, just read the script, I can say that this is a bad film. Signs are now different. Ariel wiser, but annoying. They have overdone her character, which makes it too mature. In continuation you are not meant to change the characters, if it is not for a specific reason. She was in the first sixteen years. There is little chance of it changing. This is the stage when you become the person you are going to be for the rest of your life. Writers need to think about it. They have to think about the character. <br /> <br /> Well, I think it's for me. I hope you find my comment helpful, because I'm sure many of you agree with my point of view.
