This movie makes me want to quit every time I see it. If you take the first film, and reverse the plot (Ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same symbols and provide them with new animals and new names, and then throw in a bad animation and therefore the biggest suck factor may you get a little mermaid 2. ITS basically a copy of the first film with facing plot. I'll take you through the horror of it step by step. These are people from the 1st movie: First of all, Prince Eric Prince Eric has about 3 lines in the whole movie. Ariel alarmed, annoyed, and not careless, stubborn spirit we saw in the first. In fact, she is the complete opposite. Sebastian Sebastian has only less sweet, less convincing as to be emphasized, and the jokes just are not funny. Flounder has about 2 line. Now, he has children, and he said with a silent nasal voice. Scuttle remain silent flood just not funny. the character of King Triton, is probably the best that he still retains intimidation and love for his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric, do not seem to give a hoot about his daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, they had to use characters from the first film and copy them. This is what they did: Ursula- new villain evil Morgana, sister of Ursula, who feels that she has always lived in the shadow of Ursula. I would not be afraid of her, if she appeared on my doorstep with a knife. She can not do anything right, and she was a failure as a villain. She has the same voice of Ursula did. Sebastian and flounder - have been replaced, probably the most stupid of the conspirators, Tip & Dash, walrus and penguin. They try to be a hero, but always fail when you try. the plot is so predictable. They become heroes in the end. He. Flatson & Jetsom- is now replaced by a shark, which was converted about 10 times less newt. Hes really too bad. Morgana and shark (sharkbait, I think his name) did not have chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our beautiful mermaid has been replaced by her not-beautiful daughter, Melody. Melody can not sing, her voice about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to punch her in the face, because Shes so fake sugary sweet. She wants to go to the sea, it is clumsy and kids make fun of her, she has to go to find myself. yawning. <br /> <br /> It's not just the movie boring and banal it so simplistic when you watch this film, you will gasp as bad. Some parts of the movie that you want to call Disney and ask why such a terrible film was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original. <br /> <br /> In fact, comparing the Mermaid Little Mermaid 2 to the comparison and Ed Wood movie Casablanca. Do not look at it, even if your bored.
