Although Bondarchuk is not a young man, when he was assigned to work on this project, it was still an aspiring filmmaker from only a few pictures, the successful adaptation of the novel of World War II, with his name. Bondarchuk, of course, was already established acting star for a decade, but the thespians skills mean a little behind the camera as a director, he was very unprepared to carry out the production of this magnitude. And it shows, through confusing shot compositions are particularly evident in the group stages, often sad position of the camera, speaking wildly different quality for the director, it seems to be so overwhelmed by the sheer scale of the actors of the problem, apparently left to their own devices, uncomfortable voice that sounds like radio broadcast advertisements. <br /> <br /> Vidor "War and Peace" is probably the main reason that prompted the Soviet government to spare no costs for these products. The liberation of the USSR picture Vidor made quite a splash. Of course, Bondarchuk, wanted to emulate the greatest virtue of a Hollywood movie, and find their own Audrey. His final choice, Ludmila Saveliev, big eyed, dark-haired cheerful, really more resembles Hepburn. Unfortunately, it was Kirov ballerina without any acting experience or talent, so it is not surprising that the kindest word I can find to describe her performance would be "terrible». <br /> <br /> While it might be expected that Soviet actors who speak the same language as Tolstoy's characters, it would be better to understand them, than the foreigners, but the war and the world often turns out that is not so. The revolution boldly thin top layer of Russian culture of the soil, that the world war and the world has grown from so that a good proportion of these big names of Soviet actors share chayuts in this production often looks so ignorant as Americans perform Shakespeare (I do not 't mean, of course, that American actors can not play Shakespeare's true, but you know what I mean, if you've seen the US members of the cast in the adaptation of Bran). of the three main characters of Pierre Bondarchuk only commendable, but even he was too old for the role, and feels on the spot in the early going.
