Too bad, but watchable science fiction film, which is suffering from the ugly effects, bad acting, and a ridiculous story. The film opens with a space ship returning from the exploration of Mars with woman and man with green slime on his arm. She's a few sentimental plot tricks, he begins to tell what happened on that terrible journey, almost all of the tapes seemed magnetically erased. Four astronauts take along the way: a military type plays Gerald Mohr, the poor man Humphrey Bogart, who likes to say the word "Irish" and has a valid savvy cod, ie Nauru Hayden, beautiful redhead and only female crew member in flight with three men dressed in the tight-fitting costumes possible, to emphasize her curves, next, Les Tremaine, a great character actor of cheap sci-fi movies, like this, like Egghead and finally Jack destroy as Seaya - guy with Brooklyn with jokes and does not give up too bright, though chosen for their ops in electronics. None of these performers are not really any good, and they all say that their dialogue with a little persuasion. See Tremaine, he says that scientific crap! In fact, the best of the four is Kruschen - and that really says a lot about this film. But bad acts aside, the film just falls apart when they land on Mars in retrospect. Steep Red Planet was a real cheap budget, because Mars is really the American Southwest with a heavy red tint over it. If the story calls for something that might look like a Martian, there are pictures that are heavy with a red tint over them. You can say that they are the images of monsters, perhaps even worse, as we have Bat-RAT-spider with a size of more than 40 feet, which looks like some of the kids got together the pieces of dead animals together. Another big creature is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye. Phew! This is bad. There is a good image of the Martian city, but there just was not enough of it in the film. Despite all these big problems, Angry Red Planet bad movie fun. It's really interesting to see how far we have advanced in civilization. Most of the material they used in the movie is so outdated. One guy uses an electric shaver with the cord, and I thought that they could get to Mars, but they still use cords. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look at most of the film, even with budgetary constraints, but the history of it and Sid Pink does not fly. How about this ending music and psychedelic colors? Groovy People!
