The spacecraft returned from Mars; about two months before, 4 people expedition was sent to the Red Planet. Most of the images is a flashback to what happened there. Picture saddled meaningless, melodramatic dialogue, characteristic of many efforts science fiction fifties and sixties. Note, for example, as a captain (Mor), said another member of the crew "stay there" for no reason; as though moving to a different location within the ship would cause problems. Later, two of the crew commander of the Order to remain on the ship until he has to go out. He ordered the two to stay not say "no way" and follow; I did not have high hopes for the success of the expedition on the subject. There's a lot of talk about "ears twitching" and hugging sublimation gun rays called "Cleo" (short for Cleopatra, of course). . That, at least, quite funny, unintentionally, if the story does not drag <br /> <br /> There's a very slow pace to all this; astronauts spend so much time looking out the window of the ship portals (which change color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, because they are actually outside the study. Martian landscape, advertised as starring in «Cinemagic» usually resembles animated expressions or images taken through orange-red filter to give the illusion of interaction with the actors who take on the odd surreal view from the outside of the process. But I do not think the fools who are older than 10 years. One reasonable Mentions I noticed that the memories of the surviving astronaut will be painted unreality, so that would explain the unrealistic nature of the Martian perspective. Oh, well ... <br /> <br /> I was surprised at some of the actions the astronauts when they begin to explore; as soon as they feel their freezing gun factory, killing him, just for the hell of it. Then the woman member of the cuts with a machete that she thinks it's a tree, but it turns out the spider monster rat leg. Nice going, lady. Look next time. Not surprisingly, the "intelligence" on Mars is not worried and does not mind that one of the lower forms of life, a giant amoeba attacks the researchers. Act is not too impressive. Mor particularly, it was very annoying technique, saying the line, then suddenly breaks into a huge smile that always crept me - reminded me about it! Terror from beyond space. The ending is quite disappointing; do not expect any huge discoveries of "no more expeditions" freeze guns named Cleo.
