Reading my review of the house that screamed, many might think that I'm some sort of 14-year-old who thinks that crying is considered a "classic" horror. This is not the case when I was 30 years old and had been watching horror movies for most of his life. But I must admit that I have a child with 80s, who grew up in the shredder / zombie / ghost / cannibals, etc. ... types of horror films - so I usually prefer horror movies that are more visible and more rapidly. Just as someone who can appreciate other music, painting, or in this case, the film - but not necessarily like them - I can understand why some people may come to use such a film ... I just do not .. . <br /> <br /> house that screamed an extremely tedious film about a school for wayward girls. Despotic mistress school rules with an iron fist (or whip in some cases ...) to keep the girl on the line. She has a young son who is crawling around and looks at the girls when they shower (in their nightgowns at least (?!?) ...), and while the girls disappear from school because they are the victim of a killer that th lurking on campus ... <br /> <br /> I can understand why the house that screamed often compared with Suspiria (which is a masterpiece of the movie, in my opinion ...), with the point of view of the atmosphere the school itself and the interaction between the girls and their guardians - but this film is so boring and uneventful that I could hardly sleep. I'm all for "tension" and "suspended" in horror films - but this film is not held for me. Fortunately, I did not expect that the whole lot is in it, so I can not say that I was very disappointed - a house that screamed only strengthened that personally I do not usually take the majority of horror films are much older than that of 70- ies. This is not a hard and fast rule, but the ones that I enjoyed, certainly seems to be more the exception. Probably the "must see" for horror fans who are more humble and suggestive horror films - but I do not know too much of this kind of fan stuff, I can not recommend this ... 4/10
