60 minutes in the beautiful Christine Galbo trying to avoid an isolated boarding school, she brought in the beginning of the film. Whether it works with whatever fates too horrific to contemplate, monster, black glove the killer or supernatural evil? No, it works with a bunch of hooligans. For the remaining 40 minutes which run various figures walking around the school in the dark holding candelabra and looks worried or a madman who says nothing in itself, it may be because the great movies have been made about just that, but if you're going to have characters that go around the corridors and stairways is better to be Alain Resnais, or you better know how to light the stairs in bright apple red and violet as Mario Bova. We know that the killer stalking the perimeter of the school, but the body count and a few miserable, and in the absence of visceral horror one expects to find in Giallo, we do not get any sense of sinister secrets / ineffable mystery festering behind the facade of piety and justice, and that with ' it is a kind of movie La Residencia wants to be, but I do not know how to do it. We know that something is possible, because the girls were missing, but we never get a premonition of the mysterious atmosphere that says "something serious e-CKING wrong here, man." If Serrador trying to comment on the sexual repression of students, it does so with a quick sharp hysterical and details of the plan and large eyes pushed his lips while the highest state of "this-is-shocking" the music is booming in the background. None of aetherial beauty and longing picnic on the overhanging cliffs to be found here. It's all a bit awkward and aimless, with no real sense of urgency or direction. The number of people who are presented as suspects, but there is little reason to worry about the identity of the murderer, which goes unnoticed by the characters in the film. I like the first murder, the knife hitting the target image is superimposed over the face of painful casualties as a lullaby chimes in the background, but the rest is too insignificant for my taste. I must say that Serrador made much better with those who kill children and paranoia du Soleil, who can kill a child?
