Practically the only actor who would be less likely to play Evel Knieval than Hamilton, Anthony Perkins, but somehow Hamilton manages to turn in a fairly effective figure (and it was not as a film producer, is likely to be dismissed or told he was wrong on the part! ) early life daredevil motorcyclist listed here in a few flashbacks. The film begins with a prologue rather silly with Hamilton in his white skin, the Star has the world according to gear Knieval, as if to say: "Do not worry. This film is about my youth, but I go back to my friend's suit before the end of the picture ". Hamilton is preparing for a huge jump, but still licking the wounds from the previous one, as the devoted wife Lyon of both poles and ridicules it. He recalls the different vignettes of his childhood and late adolescence, along with its early days as a stunt rider and prosperous celebrity. This trigger approach is rather harsh and sometimes inconsistent, but it does not prevent the film from sticking to one of their inexpensive set for too long or falling into a rut with a rather pedestrian signs. Hamilton is usually polite and courteous person, doing a very good job of taking the smallest details of his manners and demeanor of the subject, including his move. His hair is lighter and more, and he works hard to give the correct intonation in his voice. (He even pay a small tribute to the many injuries Knieval by appearing in a poor towel, his shoulders covered with "scars" of many accidents.) The vestibular, he does not look like a real cyclist, but he offered his physical performance, excellent Lyon She plays a young girl whom he loves, and then a socialite wife, although her 3-day package in voice really threatened to give her away at any moment. She and Hamilton tie easy chemistry that goes a long way to put the film on. Other good reference coils are freed his jaded doctor, Cameron as an early influence and Taylor both Chubar sideshow barker. The film was made on a small budget, but the story is pretty low rent one anyway, so it does not affect him too much. The creators wisely used the actual Butte, Montana, the place to give the film a proper small town atmosphere. Some Hamilton antics amusing, although the character is, of course, a reckless and inconsiderate of the property of other people! Some of the completed and unsuccessful tricks real Knieval, are included in some blurry shots, one of which has a stunning "sprinkling" in which a man collapsed and snapped around like a doll. Hamilton then wife (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
