Well, you can not really see any woman in love in this movie, but you certainly hear a woman talk about love, and men talk about love and women talk about men, and men talk about women and men talking about men, and all the talk about the death, and talk, and talk as long as you do not want to scream and do something that requires not speak at all, how to paint your bedroom or water your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psycho-babble reigns supreme, and where no one can get down to live a full life, because all too busy talking about how unproductive their lives. Spending time with the characters in the novel D.H. Lawrence, like being locked in a closet with a group of your most self-centered friends that you would run away from when you met with them at the party. When I read "Women in Love", I so desperately wanted to strangle each character in it, but since I could not, I was hoping that they, at least to strangle each other. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, but not smothering, and I will not spoil it for you by telling that one, if you really give a damn about the history of this or any of these people. <br /> <br /> to give proper film director Ken Russell, he makes the shot version of how entertaining as it can be done is essentially unfilmable novel. He throws out most of the psychological fetish that Lawrence loved and pays attention to all the juicy parts, so we get a lot of theater making love in bed and fields, two buck naked men Wrestling of fires, and one of the low stage with Alan Bates (yes, buck naked again) wander in the meadow making love to the bushes and the grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the more dominant of the two sisters in the focus of the story, and it is, of course, is trying its hardest to do something with this material; who deserves an Oscar just to decide Russell to give her the stage where it needs to dance wildly in front of a herd mystify animal species. Oliver Reed is one expression, intense Glower. The thing is, rewritten and more sent, and this deliriously campy. Indeed, it competes with the "Mommy Dearest», as perhaps the most unintentionally hysterical movie I've ever seen <br /> <br /> Class .: D
