«Prom Night» is the name of the only remake of the 1980 slasher film that starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film takes place in Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is going to go to her senior slip and allow yourself to have some fun after passing through some very traumatic events in the past few years. She and her friends arrive at the outlet, which is held in a large hotel, and try and enjoy what should be the most fun night of his life. Little does anyone know, a man from the past Donna, who pursued her for years, and at the prom ... and is ready to kill anyone in the way of his pursuit of her. <br /> <br /> I m fan of the original «Prom Night», so I tried to keep a little hope in this film, but I must admit that I was very disappointed. «Prom Night» is suffering from the worst illnesses a horror film can have, and this predictability. There's absolutely no surprises here, and I felt that I could see all that has been done dozens of times, often better early in the film. That this is tantamount to an audience? Boredom. Of course, if you've never seen any horror movies, or are part of the pre-teen crowd, but most of the audience is likely to be able to guess, most of what needs to happen. The plot is simplistic, but the entire scenario is void of any kind of surprise twist, the atmosphere, or something, and it really hurt the film, because he never really gives anything the audience to sink their teeth into . All this just seemed very mild. <br /> <br /> A lot of people seem to complain about the fact that this is a PG-13 slasher movie, as well, and I understand what they're saying, but I do not think that it is impossible to make a good film chopper minimum baked blood. Take Carpenter's "Halloween", for example - a bit of screen violence, but it is still very scary and effective film. You do not need gore to make the movie scary, but it was even «Prom Night» was unreasonably tough (which it is not, it is very tame), he would still have added little in the film, because there is not much in the script assembly to start with. Tension and suspense is mild at best, and I spent most of the film predicting the outcome of the situation was correct about 99% of the time. Our characters are not very well written enough for the audience or to make any connection with them and they are a-number demises is common and careless. <br /> <br /> I'll show you a few things I did like about this film, though, because it was not completely useless - the cinematography is very nice and everything was very well filmed and quite stylish. Among the "jumps" of panic (which for the most part very predictable), there were a few who were like smart. Sets for the film are very good, and the hotel is a nice place to unfold the story, but predictable deployment can be. As for the action, it is mediocre at best. Brittany Snow plays a leading role with dignity, but in fact the rest of the cast does not show off a lot of talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain, and probably the most experienced performer here, but even he is not so impressive. However, I did like the character he played, which was a nice change from the typical "disguised stalker" type of killer, we see a lot. As far as the ending is, in the last fifteen minutes of the film was boring me to the end of my wits, and it was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> In general, «Prom Night» was disappointing. Everything was very in-with the amount, the routine and predictable, which is somewhat distressing, considering it was the potential to be a decent slasher film. There were a few neat things, but the film did not grab any suspension or atmosphere, and a little plot development nor believable characters. I would advise experienced advocate of the horrors to save your money and wait until it's on video, or rent the original instead, because there is absolutely no surprises here. Some of them may find a little fun in it, but it was too predictable for my taste. I expected better, and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
