I'm just a fool of myself, when I was going to start this review by saying, "This film reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT», but then I looked resume writer Lee Hall, only to find out that he was the guy who wrote Billy Elliot so that Mr. Hall, who makes himself a fool not to me <br /> <br /> I can be a little hard on him? No, because Lee has something most other aspiring writers from the UK did not - he has a foot in the door, he had previously written a successful British film, which won awards and made money at the box office and what he does next? It gives viewers more of the same <br /> <br /> Young Jimmy Spud lives on some kitchen sink estate. He was bullied at school, and no one likes. The only thing that prevents him go in that he has a desire to be a dancer. No actually he has no desire to be an angel, but considering his family, it can also be a ballerina. He is the destroyer of the macho father who thinks that "Ballerina bunch of poofs while his grandfather says" Ballerina as hard as any person you could meet. I remember the Bolshoi ... "Yeah ballet is not the main topic of conversation at a run down council estate of the British in those days - do not think of it any left wing politics, which seems to be the only share of the middle class makes . gooders who live in nice big houses, so once all of this set feels ridiculously false <br /> <br /> Another important criticism is that it is a film that does not have a clue who he is trying to reach to. I have often criticized Channel 4 to broadcast films in quite nepadyho us time (land, forgotten by time, at 6 am, for example), but they showed it at 2 am, and as soon as they got it spot on. Considering the plot includes policies, ballet dancing (Gawd, I hate it) cancer lung and poverty there is no way it can be considered suitable for a family audience, but because the main character is a 11-year-old child, and especially ballet and angels (do not blame me when I seem to be obsessed with this subject - there was no need to refer t of them), there is not much here any intelligent adult audience. <br /> <br /> Of course, if Lee Hall was told at the stage of script development by the manufacturers, that he should write a story involving the student and the angel, and he refused to say that he wanted to write about other topics and stories, I apologize, but throughout the film, you get the feeling that after the film was finished, he was going to be marketed to the same audience that enjoys Billy Elliot
