You can tell Lew Grade production of a mile away ?? clearly British style; Epic in concept; populated international all-star shed; usually set in exotic climates. This formula, the class and his company the ITC, which is used during the 70's to early 80's, with the result that in the credits as the eagle has landed, and Firepower Raise The Titanic! In 1977, the production of Grade March Or Die, surprisingly old-fashioned foreign legion adventure, which simulates all the characteristics mentioned above. Directed by Dick Richards usually reliable ?? that helmets acclaimed Farewell my dear only a couple of years earlier - March Or Die unfortunate disappointment <br /> <br /> Companies Foreign Legionnaires led by harsh disciplinary General Foster (Gene Hackman) is sent to Morocco in the near future. after World War 1. Their mission is to protect the archaeological party coming highlighted Francois Marneau (Max von Sydow). Archaeologists conducting excavations in the ancient city of Danny, but fear of attack by Arab tribes, after the decimation of early archaeological team. Foster dissatisfied purpose ?? he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of his men were risking their lives. This creates a constant tension between themselves and Marneau, who believes that the Legionaries have to sacrifice their lives to make possible the excavation. Problems puschih when a beautiful woman by the name of Simon Picard (Catherine Deneuve) tag along with legionaries. She hopes to find out what happened to her father, the historian stolen by the Arabs when they destroyed the first archaeological team. Her presence awakens the desire among foreign players, no more than a gypsy thief Mark Segrain (Terence Hill), a magical and courageous scam that initially shows indifference to his fellow legionnaires, but gradually increasing in height. Things are the culmination of a huge battle of Erfoud, with swarms of the United Arab tribes against the charging of a handful of foreign players as they desperately try to defend their lives. <br /> <br /> On paper, the star duo of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill seems mismatch ?? Hackman is a heavyweight Oscar-winning character actor, Hill, beautiful but limited Italian heartthrob of many spaghetti westerns of low budget. It can be expected to act Hackman his counterpart on the screen. However, oddly enough, it Hekmno which gives weak and uninvolving performance, while Hill raises his game to a high level of surprise. The film is beautifully shot on the ground of the desert, but Shagan terribly slow and only a few of the characters worth caring about. Music by Maurice Jarre unusually flat, too ?? very disappointing from the guy who gave us by Lawrence of Arabia. It is remarkable that someone had the nerve to try the old-fashioned adventure of this type in 70 years (it was a genre that reached its peak in the 30s, and it was all but forgotten for the last decade). Unfortunately, the game does not really pay off ?? It is a tribute to the old Legionnaire gets more clicks than the drag march.
