Damn, another Lifetime movie, but again not quite the worst movie in the world, but far from the best. I think that the main problem lies in the fact that it's pretty obvious who is responsible for what, and it's usually quite predictable. Worse yet, some of the memories, ended up being confusing, and the viewer can only guess, "Well, how should I care?" One thing I did like is that the film is going to show you, it's never as simple as "good guys good and the bad guys are bad," and sometimes it is evil against evil, against evil than good. Hadley did not do what she did out of a sense of justice, she did it because she thought she was entitled to work for that family, and eliminate competition. As for Alicia, it just proves that the victim is not always a good man. Some of them are really "there he goes," even if "it" was painful, horrible death. «The Burning Bed» is a fine example of this, but the difference is that vile man in «The Burning Bed» got exactly what he deserved. But, you know, Alicia, "he goes"? Some would say that she did, but others do not agree, but the law did not like. <br /> <br /> As for the action, it's a mixed bag. Some do a good job as Mia, but others just come across as indifferent to their role. They were mostly wooden, or simply are not convincing. The music was pretty cool, though some of the scenes and the guys are good, especially if you like action girls / women. The film is not a bad shot at all, but, given its obvious shortcomings, strengths in the background, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> I've heard rumors about a sequel, but, given the years, I doubt it "will happen. But I would not be surprised if suddenly appeared a sequel. If Alicia is shameful, treacherous and terrible as people say, I do not think she will think, "Hey! I woke up from a coma! Oh, Hadley replied? Oh! That's good! I completely forgive her and want charges dropped! "No way would Hadley in prison for a long time, in any case, even if it makes any time, because no murder actually happened. <br /> <br /> In any case, you should check at least once!
