We see the body of the dead girl in the morgue with the coroner trying to close her eyes, but all he tries that they would not stay open. After that, we move into the future, and we follow a group of former school friends, who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they start getting shot one after the other in many horrible ways. Through flashbacks we learn from this terrible suicide shy girl who is trying to be one of the group, but it was closed to them, because they dug up her past and found some amazing events. Thus, it is out of the grave in search of revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a great and always a terrible story! Well, that's what I hope I can say. And "in the hope" it was as good as he is. It is forgotten, so-so film supernatural horror that I really looked before, but I went away thinking that it was my first view. So to my surprise, it struck me, when I started picking up on certain things, but as I said, it's pretty forgettable mix, that she felt the first scan again. "Nightmare" is just another type of field, which adds "a few" changes into mush. Oh, please, give me something a little more recent. It should not be entirely original, but it's a template and just rather tired film J-horror. despite the fact that the strings of the usual ghost story with you guessed ?? looks evil, vindictive spirit chicken. <br /> <br /> But, despite my negative it is the same old, old story, and tremors. This is one kind of entertaining, as his future bad and appearing in some terrible visual effects. Death clearly displayed with a bite and some originality. While, gloomy atmosphere alienate the audience with its hazy light. The first stage involving the spirit terrorized by one of the girls experience a blood-curdling, but in fact, if he is not trying to shock you. I found it rather induce coma and I was thinking about making some shut eye. it may be harsh, but it just did not go anywhere any interest between these moments of shock. We can say that, since it is supposed secret really is not much of one, the story is just flat uncertain characters and self-centered bunch, you do not really care what happens to them. Disorderly history should be focused more on the spirit than in those soothing characters having a relationship unconvincing group. It is simply overplayed his cards, becoming too convoluted and takes too much time to go, that when it comes to a climax that's ridiculous. which has the ending of the film is the highest point, however. <br /> <br /> The film looks good, although it could be done without the chic, fast editing and the score of the fire was a little overbearing in the mood of the game. Performances walks a fine line, but Aya-ry Kim is strong in the main role. <br /> <br /> This is nothing new, and shamelessly steals the idea, but if you can look past that it delivers some nasty thrill. Although, I found that the handling of the rather sluggish, despite the odd effective shiver. Standard efforts of all parties, I think, but still it is equally missable.
