In Sholay version, Ram Gopal Verma companies that can be called an unknown territory where blockbuster takes a new form. Thakur is south.Mohanlal, like Narasimha police inspector, whose family was killed by seeking revenge Madrasi style. Emphasis completely South India, in contrast to the Thakur from the north. Keeping hands on Thakur Gabbar also cut up fingers in Aag. So is the cost cut down, because there is no effort to hide his hands instead of just the long arm of Kurt covers for cut fingers. Moreso in the climax, when Thakur uses his feet and said: «Tere Liye to simply believe hi Kaafu Let 'here Narasimha uses his finger roots to shoot a gun and kill the villain. Babban, a new profile photo with Gabbar is also different. He is not from Bihar or UP. He Bambaiya. infamous laughter Gabbar is also in two parts this time and more depressed. Babban asks Divo instead Holi songs and Urmila replace Helen in Mehbooba. He also loves dancing and dancing with Abhisheh, who plays Jalal Aga Mehbooba.Babban more intelligent this time. He throws an apple and asked who did Isaac Newton discovered the laws of gravity. Basanti more verbose than the driver Auto Ghungroo. Nisha Kothari can not play driver of the car and look too artificial, using words such as "entertaining" and "too much" with gay abandon. Viru was fun while Ajay Devgun a mismatch for the role. God speaks to Basanti scene and shooting lessons and song Koi Haseena and painful sequence of tank water. Water tank converted into a well and drunk Devgun so bad in the sequence that the audience would like it to commit suicide. Jai was composed and serious. Prashant Raj are better than others, because we did not expect from him. But he also moonlight on Mausi sequence. It is not as romantic as Jai with harmonica. Jaya role played by Sushmita career change. Net housewife becomes a doctor, this time plunging into a full-time social services after her husband was killed. It also does not have enough pain that appears Jaya. Jai her flirting more openly this time. Samba gets a big role this time as Tambe. He should not show a weapon and answer questions Gabbar this time. He stands Babban, wherever he goes, and the bodyguard with greater visibility outside the den. Horses succumb jeeps and cars. In Gabbar store here is constantly changing and becoming Ramgarh Kaliganj. In general, it is more a parody than anything else. RGV comes with its own interpretation of the classics. But we remember the original so well, even after three decades that our minds refuse to accept the modified version and the stylized dialogue. Thus, we call it a travesty. So Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao Jaan) to stop and start doing remixes originals.
