Sholay: Considered one of the greatest films. I always wondered if they ever remake a classic it is. It was a time, RGV announced this film, and I was glad to see him. I always thought that maybe this would be a good movie, but every week we would be here RGV change something. And the film is a film very B-Grade, something I did not expect. <br /> <br /> I honestly tried to look for positives, but I promised to keep my mind from Sholay. The cinematography is amazing. The film tries to be your own. But this side up. Action sequences are weak. The script had potential. The biggest drawback is editing. None of the scenes does not excite you. For example, the sequence of the comedy was very silly and forced. Inappropriate, because the comedy was also interesting in the original. And none of the characters are not developed. And there are no scenes will not be delayed until the end. And the ending was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest question is valid. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing great. They seemed to be too much attention to its view that the character only looks menacing, but you will not get crawled with. Mohanlal little in the film, but it makes an impression on his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It was not so much the performance, he gave it his all, it was a weak script. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to do so much better with the movie. <br /> <br /> I was most expectations Sushmita Sen, who was perhaps the best of the lot. It was clear, but it still was not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She seemed disinterested, for the most part, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was pretty good. It seems as if she has to find a director who will assist her talent, not her cute looks. But what disappointed me the most chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj does not look like friends. Ajay-Nis is not strong the pair. Neither passion was not to be found between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal entirely hateful passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, they pretty much suck. Mehbooba Urmila was greatly exaggerated, and I pretty much slept. However, it was well danced. Hawley room was nice, but not memorable. The same went to the other songs. For those who are looking forward to this film, I was very disappointed. I had high hopes for RGV because of his jungle, but it seems as if he has lost his talent during the filming of this movie. But hopefully he regains his talent Sarkar Raj. But this film is best forgotten. All the positives still make for a boring movie it is.
