I can not think of enough adequate words to describe the horror I felt sitting in that movie look Ramgopal Warmia Ki AAG, a half-hearted attempt to director, to pay tribute to that classic Bollywood western, Sholay. The biggest problem with a remake of Warmia is that he does not even try to make a solid film. Obviously, in each frame of the film, the heart of Warmia is just not the case. What you see on the screen is a bad joke, at best, a trick on the part of the director, and it hurts you to see what little attention he actually shows for the film, he says, that he was a supporter of all his life.I 've seen a few bad films over the years, but I can not remember one that was as much of the torture to sit through, like this one. Consider yourself very brave if you are able to go through the whole movie, because he feels your patience as some films have before.Varma can take your story and characters from the original film, but his version of the banal and hollow and does not have any of the spirit and Sholay energy. Ramgopal Warmia Ki Aag is actually a mockery of this timeless gem because it is all that the original film was not - the way-over-top, too long too boring and completely meaningless. Many of your favorite moments from Sholay parodied Warmia and what you want to wring his neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, in which Dharmendra, both Veeru rises and threatens the water you can jump to his death turned this film with Ajay Devgan playing the hero, pulling a gun to his head threatening to shoot himself. How do you want, he pulled the trigger and wished us all agony.Not only does Ramgopal Warmia Ki Aag failed in the remake of Sholay, it's pretty bad effort even as a stand-alone film. Eardrum damaging background score sounds like someone clang of the courts in the kitchen, and the camera-work alternates between the dramatic and the head. Partners in this horrible crime which this funny movie on the screen basically dead as wood film actors. Sushmita Sen, as a widow, Devi takes as his role and the film too seriously, interspersing her line with pauses, looking into the camera for effect, and overall performance of her life depends on it. Mohanlal, like Narasimha, struggling with his Hindi dialogue and looks embarrassed to supply some of the silliest lines in his brilliant career. Newcomer Prashant Raj plays Jai-equivalent Raj does not have acting chops to talk about and can not strum any of brooding intensity Amitabh Bachchan led to a part in the original film.As hero, New Age Veeru, Ajay Devgan is completely hopeless, fail in their attempts to comedy. But the weakest link of the film, easily the most shocking solution casting Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who steps into the shoes of Hema Malini like Basanti, gentle Airhead with Sholay. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in the country, but perhaps the worst actress in all this huge world, it gives the word irritates a whole new meaning, and it makes you want to slit your wrist every time she is on screen. And then there are Amitabh Bachchan plays Babban Singh, Ramgopal version of Warmia in the most popular villain in Hindi cinema Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this ensemble, which recognizes more upper tone of the film and plays together, respectively, Bachchan builds menacing character that is a pleasure to watch. He meant to be a comic book villain, which roars and hisses and jeers, and ham, and he does all that to good effect. But because he was trapped in a convict company, its performance does not help to raise the film in any way.No surprises here, I will be with zero out of ten and two big thumbs down for Ramgopal Warmia Ki Aag, it's one of those painful experiences movie-watching is not exposed even in an enemy. It's not like a remake of Warmia entirely handled previously. With Sarkar he gave us smart, fascinating look at The Godfather, and it is a pity that he did Sholay bhature of this favorite of all classics. Ramgopal Warmia Ki Aag is his career worst decision ever, it is also a dark stain on his resume, he will forever shy. I suspect that this film will go down in film history as Ramgopal Warmia Ka Daag.
