Drama in its very essence, "Anna" shows that the real truth is that all the actors of age, and sometimes disappear. Anna is a character who believes that America is her safety net, her home, and she can not do anything bad to her ?? but she refuses to humble himself, to do the work that she does not believe. She is stubborn, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, but is not afraid to let others, but to throw them at a moments notice, Anna flip-flops between individuals, what makes this film ideal aging star, but not the idea of viewership. "Anna" was highly appreciated by its star Sally Kirkland, and its ability to get a "rough" for the role, but a month in 2008, "Anna" does not remain a staple of film culture. It is dated, dull and formulaically chaotic. <br /> <br /> Director Yurik Bogayeviks has a hidden message in the "Anna" the falsity of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refused to allow them to overshadow it. Bogayevicz not afraid to play with the camera, use a wooden frame to allow Kirkland stand out, and he's not afraid to reduce the surrounding characters, so that, when you leave the film, this Kirkland you remember. If it is not obvious that this film did not sit well with me. Since the opening of the first act, and deep inside the other, "Anna" felt like a theatrical production of high school. Characters did not exist, there was no advance instructive story, and there was no determination of time and place. Was Sally Kirkland, stubbornly say that it is better than the other actresses competing for the same lifestyle that she wants. She meets a random one, a young girl who also traveled long distances to come to America to the glitz and glamor, and two of them (within a range of 20 minutes) to build friendships that can break all the walls. This emotional and incredibly boring. Again, by chance, I met a friend of Anne Daniel (played by Robert weak Fields), which does not bring anything to the table in terms of the definition or the nature ?? only to pay more attention to Anna in Kirkland. Through for nearly two hours, we watch as a random effect in association with the anonymous heroes are woven together to create a powerless story that is held together by loose threads ?? and Sally Kirkland. Arg, it pains me to continue to say it, but "Anna" could be a fantastic film was presented Bogayevicz same time between Anna, Daniel and Christine, but instead we are forced into a one-sided game, where emotional scenes speak louder plot. <br /> <br /> This is where Charlize Theron has found inspiration for its beauty less role in the film "Monster", or Halle Berry in "Monster Ball"? Sally Kirkland was one of the first actresses to find that, allowing yourself to go to the character of Oscar will shine in their direction? Throughout this film, I was disgusted manner Kirkland Anna, as well as the lack of excitement on Bogayevicz anything else available. Bogayevicz gives us Anna, what did not work hard for its part, does not care about others, and usually means energetic ?? but we should feel sympathy for her? Near the beginning of the film, she makes what she wants to do to others, and worry if she does not get her way. Of course, aging actresses is there that appeal to them, but Kirkland makes a children's character, rather than a mature one. That is where the "Anna" could improve. If it was a mature Kirkland, I would have ate it, but it's childhood stuttering Anna was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene was near the end, where Anna is going to watch one of her old movies playing (included is absurd characters make out) and the film is lit, the scene is also one of my least favorite. Anna did a phenomenal life for himself, creating movies and building dreams, but if someone wants to get in the spotlight, she is jealous and outraged. This does not make for the character I wanted to stand up for either to win an Oscar. In combination with the classic 80s synth background, glaring over the top cupboard and shifted the end (where it came from and what happened ??) ?? "Anna" slipped far beyond strange movie. It was a show-piece opportunity for an aging star to shout at the world one more time. In this one he was working, but I do not think that will cheat again. <br /> <br /> In general, I can not say that I was impressed by this film. "Anna" is not a film about an aging film star; we are talking about Sally Kirkland, and only Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz trying to do more with the story, but fails either because Kirkland does not allow him or he just understand that it is not enough to support the full story. There are one or two decent scenes in this movie, but anything that helps this film as an innovative and influential. Bogayevicz Sun to create a character that the audience will believe, fight for or devote Sunday ?? he created a nuisance. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress, played it a little overdone and crispy on the edges. Maybe I missed the scale of the film, but what makes movies like this work is the cooperation of all participants. This was not the case. In "Anna", orders Kirkland by Daniel to act like a dog (apparently, as a symbolic act), and yet throughout an emotional scene, I could not help but think that this is something that Kirkland was similar to those who on the set. She did not make it into the film, she turned it into their products, and because of this "Anna" has failed. I can not imagine that there is someone who ?? from one to another Czech ?? miss it! <br /> <br /> Class: * ½ with ***** (for that pesky theater scene, I crawled)
