I first started watching this show, probably around the year 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at that time I was younger and enjoyed some of the jokes on this show. I was 11 in 2003, and I'm 14 now (2007). Although my age, probably plays an important role in how I judge the show, after reading other reviews, I came to see that after the third season, the show has gone down the tubes. I agree. This show is unpleasant, repetitive and usually focuses on the same site <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Tiogo Turner, who was given two Fairy godparents, because basically his life was terrible. - his parents were never around, and he was a nasty nanny. The plot of the show is that this child (Timmy) and his godfather always want a failure that can not be prevented by another desire, because something in the «Da Rules» says they can not. The show has a lot of lines that continue to be repeated, as "the magic can not break the true love, the super toilet," or even just some vile jokes lines, the Nickelodeon, probably thought was funny and decided to put in an episode of the different points in time. <br /> <br /> show is aimed at children under the age of 10, because it includes a rough situation, and "baby humor" that most kids my age will not care. Selecting the character's voice could be better too. By a very loud, high-pitched female voice, as does Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Those father is like a speaker or a game show mother's voice Those too exaggerated to appear feminine. The relationship in this show are in some episodes, those who say back and acting spoiled and snobbish. Wanda obviously intelligent and wise. Cosmo stupid, dumb and unable to think like Temi father. Mom Those seem to end up doing what Temi father does. <br /> <br /> show too far flung from reality more to my addiction. Perhaps, as the youngest child, I could see more humor in this show, but as I grew up, it really gets old. And do not sound as good as or "trash", but the show has the mentality that makes you want to commit a deadly activity on the characters. It shows how easy it should be your attitude when you know what I mean. If not, it basically disturbs you.
