When I first saw the trailer for Prom Night, I have to admit that the trailer looked good, and as it would be a fun horror movie. So my friend and I saw Prom Night last night, and I must say that I have to grow because it was such a ridicules the film, not to mention I was so tired from the typical horror slasher movies with loud sounds, as an excuse to scare people. There was no tension, the characters, I must take care of them? They did not have any of that, yes, ever, killer? Oh, my God, it was very possibly the dumbest serial killer who ever existed, I know that this is a movie, but why would a person who never (or at least we know) before you killed someone or, to kill the family and friends of the girl that he just get over? I mean, he was going to steal it, or he was going to kill her? I have no idea, because this movie does not make sense and is too predictable and insulting for true horror fans. <br /> <br /> Donna's family was brutally murdered just as his teacher, who became very get over it, he was captured and imprisoned. It was 3 years old, and it is only now some light in her life, she was even going to her senior prom. But the killer fled and is still Donna in his opinion, he followed her to her prom which means bad news for his friends, and the hotel maid and bell boy, because it's such a good idea to kill the maid and the sound of the boy, so that no one will be suspicious enough to check to see where they have employees. Donna is in big trouble, because the killer, who apparently people seem to get into the house unnoticed and can kill people, so quiet, just wow. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, I really want to love this movie, we did not have a good slasher film for a long time, but it was just a stupid movie that I was not impressed. Just the situation was incredible and the actors were unpleasant. I know that this is a PG-13 movie, but I just love how someone was brutally stabbed to death, and they are only a little blood on the clothes? Niya not to mention not puncture holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone, unless you are a teenager, this film was made for teenagers, not adults, but not for those who know the film is a real horror, no offense to those who did not like this movie, but I do not see how he could. <br /> <br /> 2/10
