"Hazing" is one of these movies, I always wanted to see based solely on the illustrated cover here on IMDb. Yes, that's how shallow I am! I do not care if ten million people call this shit movie poster looks strange, so I think I should just see it ?? Now, "hazing" can be described as some of its alternative title: curious! Poster and title that sounds like a horror movie set on campus and the fight against sinister rites of initiation, but this film is actually more of a cross between a comedy and a thriller. Firstly, there is something very wrong with the subtitle on an old VHS box I watched. He says he had good grades, a good girl and a good friend ?? until they put it through hazing "It's not, actually. Lewis Gilbert protagonist finally adopted acclaimed campus through an athletic scholarship. It takes more than a half of the film, before we even hear about his girlfriend home and only "friend", he has a very brake Charles Martin Smith (still with hair in this movie). Both of them came to be a member of the prestigious "Delta fraternity", but during their hazing ?? exam in which they must descend the mountain dressed in their white Tidy Undies ?? Barney fall from the cliff foot and break. If Lewis is back with the other boys brotherhood, Barney has already frozen. Together they set out to keep the body frozen for five days and then never claim that he returned from a weekend ski trip. Barney with the body hidden in the cafeteria freezer, Lewis has to cover for him, so that the absence of Barney does not look suspicious. Subscribers to "bullying" is very original and innovative potential, but I have about the problem is that the implementation can easily be a lot better. Tone too firm and too serious for comedy, even black, but on the other hand, there is no proper attempt to build suspense or thrill, no. The soundtrack is full of fun and frivolous melody, but it is not nearly enough to make this film comedy. About an hour into the film, the plot is too out of steam and ideas, and manufacturers do not have a better alternative to fill the void with romantic collections of Lewis and his girlfriend outer urban cycling through the countryside. I do not like the final turn, because it is completely implausible, and because it has been done many times before and after (though admittedly, after). "Hazing" is not a waste of time, but I'm glad I found a tape of ex-rental in a friend's house, instead of spending money on a recently released DVD.
