Soloist has all the ingredients to make an impression on the Academy. Its director, Joe Wright, is already the author of the best image of the candidate. Lead actor Robert Downey Jr. starred in the widely praised superhero movie. Finally, the film drama. When he was mysteriously pulled from release in late 2008, we were confused moviegoers and critics. Now, when I saw it, I assure you, universal, not only to delay the film to promote Iron Man-Oscar buzz. Soloist weak drama without an external conflict, which is considerably inferior to any 2009 best picture nominees. <br /> <br /> Downey and co-star Jamie Foxx is not to be blamed for this failure. Joe Wright is largely to blame, but even he could not keep the story Lifetime. Many movies are too complicated and alienate the audience. This is one extremely simple. This film is about a newspaper reporter Steve Lopez (Downey), who befriends a homeless musician Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's all. Ayers is a schizophrenic and does not resonate with the traditional approach of Lopez friendship. The two become friends. They begin this film, both familiar and BFFs at the end. Tension consists of such moments: Ayers will let Lopez to take him to a shelter for the homeless? This material would be better suited as for television production, rather than a feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright includes many scenes of cheap humor to hide the lack of content. Lopez battles yard-desecration raccoons that I believe podagovor. Do you remember when it happened in the Atonement and Pride and Prejudice? These films were structured enough to provide a random joke, but nothing prolonged. prehistory Ayers is specified when it is not needed. Worst of all, these scenes are not linked and appear at random intervals. It is a way to recognize that the basic plot has little appeal. Nathaniel was a violin prodigy with a solid education (me too). It fabricated an attempt to create sympathy for Ayers, when most of us already have. He is a homeless schizophrenic to call out loud! The film conveys some love of mankind to music as Amadeus and Beethoven lives upstairs. It is not as effective as any of these paintings, however. The whole movie hinged schizophrenia Ayers. This, ultimately, how it interacts with all the others. His future musicians a nice touch, but hardly worth including. The film does not include this feature entirely in his person. Take your music with the Amadeus or Beethoven lives upstairs, and no film remains. Soloist more about friendship in general, than the music. Nathaniel could be a writer or a film critic and a few lines of dialogue will have to be seriously modified. <br /> <br /> This is only the third film Joe Wright, and the first thing that it is not a novel staring Keira Knightley. Let's hope that this film is not an indication of how limited his ability. There are stylistic nods to his earlier work, but Singer is much weaker than any of them. In his defense, Universal is not widely agreed to release the picture. This film seems to be exclusively for Imagine Entertainment (Changeling distributors). I would not have been so disappointed with it when I was a limited edition. Poor box office performance can prevent more dramas from the subject at the national level.
