Prom Night is removed with an artistic eye, someone gives while subtly Kraft life the original film. You know the one. In October this year, the life takes a break from the story of a courageous woman saved (insert name of illness here) to say some terrible story about a woman pursued by a stalker ex-boyfriend. This dramatic ?? This juicy ?? it is very sad. He does not do anything besides genre to tell the original story, or to seek any novelty. Prom Night share this plight. Watching killer poke holes in their victims, we sit in silence as they plummet to the floor sun drop of blood spilled. It occurred to me that it was a pure killer in the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Our director works with a rather pretty killer, he is forced to pour on the angles to make it sound horrible. Think about Matthew McConaughey coming at you with a knife. You probably have to go ?? «OH! Looking good guy is going to kill me? Naaaa. »It does not matter, even for a second, so the director throws Schaech in the shadows and over the shoulder in the mirror. This mirror shot is repeated to the point of illness, it almost becomes a fetish of the creator. You will receive a 15 jump scares in this movie, two of which made my leap date (I might mention that she is afraid of EVERYTHING). I would also mention that she decided to take a nap midway through the film, and at some point threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this film were not isolated enough, it seems to be cut into pieces. I'm not saying that it looks like the key points were left on the floor of the room, the crew got up to save some semblance of a horror movie; I say, as the film moves from scene to scene, you often get a sharp jump. This is the sort of thing one might expect, when the film is ignited and the projectionist has to splice the ends together, fingers crossed and hope for the best. The editor should be executed. <br /> <br /> On the site you can pack in two sentences, one frenzied splashes of blood, Ema killer, and the tension of a special episode of "Silver Spoons" we "again left without a reason to support the horror of this weekend ?? at least on the big screen. In fact, it is a kind of film that should be punished. Is it difficult to make a horror film? Was this team even knows what they're doing a horror film ?? !! A complete waste of my time and yours. I squeeze to get you this review. Do not let my sacrifice be in vain. Do not go to the movies !!!
