If you put the DVD in the player and press "play", you will feel a brief moment of silence and a black screen, the laser is directed to the correct starting point in the center. Cherish this moment. Make sure that you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PM, so you can fall asleep), because you will have a massive headache as soon as the movie begins. <br /> <br /> Cast heap large breasts and girls with the discovery that really made me giggle a bit, I thought I was in for a good time. Of course, the opening sequence was a little awkward, and most of the jokes fell, and it seemed that this would be plagiarism Crick (by the way, my only chuckle was on the final comment Julie Strain in this scene). But then I knew that trouble ... opening sequence was a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock songs, I looked at the name of the DVD Managers and saw things that say "TOPLESS in the yard!" And "better than sex!". I knew that the selling point of this film was supposed to be <br /> <br /> And that's the sad truth :. The only good thing about this movie is an attractive cast. In addition, it is sad routine slasher who throws in the "innovation" concept of the murder of the clubs, which ends up being a fake anyway. Thus, the entire film is then shown in the other direction to try to mislead, and it is a great mystery, but it only adds not be interesting at all and leaves you feeling like you do not care for any of the characters. I mean, when the protagonist is revealed killed an innocent woman, can you really feel sympathy for her when she was in fear for his life? Influence Creek prevails everywhere, with ghost face killer and some truly awful jokes. We also were treated to scenes of the main character talking with mom and dad (Lloyd Kaufman! United cool part of the movie!) About miscarriage or something. Uh. Yes ... It is not "that bad-is-good" film, it's just BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared it to the movie three, but ... you know, the most of any film that comes from a full moon (or its branches, as this film proves) terrible. I do not hit the sense of three - I have seen many TROMA movies, and I can honestly say that they all offer something, anything that you can get away with, and tell your friends later. However, this film does not have a lot of nothing at all about this nice. Carefully.
