The killer, wearing a white plastic mask and a black coat, killing one Hollywood producer Sean Benning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his position, when someone cut his former employer from the crotch to the chest. Maybe a psychopath recently hired Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive, dark-haired beauty with an unhappy family past, suffer from nightmares. Sean and his friends are playing a cruel joke on Maddie, concerning the alleged Murder Club, they started, where each member of a randomly picked a victim to kill. If Maddie accidentally kills a woman in the garage because of the dents put in the car of the man she believes that Sean's buddies were jerking her chain. But Sean and his friends are concerned about Maddie's tolerance to commit murder and scrutiny of turning it to the appropriate authorities. After deciding to wait a certain decision, each member becomes a victim of white-masked psycho with the Maddie suspect, given the fact that she had killed earlier. Or anyone else for these murders? Low budget slasher, executive producer Charles Band, with baked blood murder, which fails to convince. Lots of boobs on display and Allen Nabors blunt character Chris can entertain people with low expectations. Murder include stomach opened with bowel showing sliced ​​neck, electric cable, thrown into the pool cooking with a female victim who was all day to escape the ax is buried in the back of the male victim, and, to top it all, the pair inhibits the rope during sexual climax (.. to enhance the effect, the killer uses chopper allen key panel as an additional lever rotates the rope as tightly as possible snapping neck). There are enough plot holes to drive a truck, for example, why Maddy nightmares murders she did not commit, she could KILL someone so much (.. with blood all over her) winding waking up in his bed without leaving something at the crime scene that will it is easy to draw, and Sean could go so long that it allows her to continue working in the company, despite the fact that she said about the murder she committed, and constant desire to join an imaginary club which doesn "t exist. <br /> <br /> what bothers me the most was the desire to film, because we somehow sympathized with this heroine, who wanted to join the club after killing someone, later announcing that it was an accident. The film builds as a potential Maddie crazy over her past. Her family disowned her for an abortion. It has a black-outs and always properly completed in stages after the fact of crime. In many ways, slashers, the one who seems the most likely killer often this maneuver, but this film goes out of its way to show your finger on Maddie. When there is a rotation, we were rooting for Maddie, but we know that it is not right in the head. It is difficult to sell care for the chicken. She looks great in man army shirt, though. And, Rochon, is not afraid to let her puppies breathe, either. Low budget horror fans will get a kick to see cult Brink Stevens as a religious fanatic mother who preaches against what Maddy did, calling her a murderer, like your favorite Troma producer Lloyd Kaufman is on the side of his father, who can not get a word in edge- wise to protect the daughter, he really cares about. The cult of the siren Julie Strain has a small cameo, showing her breasts (of course) as the opening of the males killed girlfriend getting her head crushed by a hammer. Oh, and check the office is working Sean, you'll see a lot of posters and art work full moon spread throughout the wall.
