One of the most popular entries in the "inconsistencies" category is an anachronism. Although I'm starting to believe that anachronism and other inconsistencies are more acceptable, even ignored, in a very good film, but the front and center found in rotten films. KISS them for me rotten movie and smacks of an anachronism, but if closely watching it, I found almost nothing specific anachronism. <br /> <br /> The frames aircraft bookend the film is certainly not out of place. 4 Large motor vehicles seen after the name "Honolulu 1944" appears after C-97 Stratofreighter war (in colors networks). Warplanes have seen taking off from the carrier at the end of Douglas Skyraiders, which was put into operation after 2 and was made famous for his service in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But in addition to these two parts of the film and, of course, the hair, everything else is very likely authentic period. It simply "feels" so wrong. I am a supporter of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In its cooperation to the city (1949), there is a car chase with the police at the end of 1949/50 Management Ford is no slightest feeling that it is out of place in the film during WW2. In fact, as I reflected later, there is nothing that says that this should be a period of WW2 movie. It just feels that way. On the basis of wartime Broadway musical, which was based on the ballet (Fancy Free), which may have been based on the work of artist Paul Cadmus (PF V! 1934), his great film about sailors on 24-hour pass in New York, and so it is difficult with the associations of war, he just assumed that it happens during the war, and yet these modern cars do not do anything to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is an old Cary Grant. Although too old to represent the pilot Navy SBD dive bomber, it is tradition for Hollywood stars such as Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig's disease), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh), to play younger. It was a role he was miscast, not his age. He is played by the operator, as they used to call them. The guy who gets things done, and breaks all the rules, making it still admired and loved him. Dealer. Car dealers. De etiquette character in the service of comedy. Grant comic center, which after all should be a comedy service, which is contraindicated for his comedy style. <br /> <br /> Looking back on large grants comic performances, like raising a child (1938) or arsenic OLD LACE (1944), and it is a big reactor, whose comedy should be reduced from its context dignity puzzled puddles inert jelly. In tsalom he is expected to be the comic spark plug, which is simply not his. People are already exposed to type, most recently to the comic Phil Silvers as the Sgt. Bilko on television. The role will be improved later, James Garner, but then Grant's just not funny, and it seems like a bully gets his way, aggressively pushing his Cary Grantness, rather than persuade and cleverly. <br /> <br /> But the thing that really stinks place with anachronism is the leading woman. There can not be more Echt 50s women than Suzy Parker and Jane Mansfield. They are unique for decades. Marilyn Monroe can be placed on a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of dumb blondes, and Grace Kelly was another high class lady (think of Mary Astor), but could never be anatomically exaggerated woman in films like Mansfield, of course, there were the "sweater for girls (eg Lan Turner) 2, but Mansfield was a stretch. Suzy Parker was a model that made a revolution in the business model that changed the mannequin as a posture to become the first natural girl who moved and whose identity has been captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) and Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> you know, in high style 50s, seems to have a lot of gender mixing in the "wild" parties, but never even a hint of sex (remember the '50s TV shows or Bachelor's father Bob Cummings Show, where the dinner-jacketed men returned from a "date" only). The original book, which I have not read, was published during the war, and appeared as a play on Broadway, at the end of the war and the nuances of the situation we should have been inevitable for today's readers and viewers, but it broke down, bowdlerized and rebuilt ten years later and fatally wrong distribute role, he is once forgotten spot on the otherwise applied to the career of the invention VCR and cable television has not been raised this petrified turkey. <br /> <br /> So the lesson here, regardless of the "hick" it will be ignored in a big film like Citizen Kane (who actually heard Charles Foster Kane said "Rosebud"?), and transferred to a fun dreck like Westworld (why robots were given live ammunition in the first place?), but absolutely despise rotten film, even if the discrepancies do not really exist.
