In a controversial comedy vein, Mel Brooks, "It is Moses!" Aimed to the biblical story of Moses and to make fun of it, resulting in unfunniest biblical parodies ever filmed. <br /> <br /> There's no real plot here, just an excuse to flaunt tall comedy talent in the roles listed below. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus tour of the Holy Land, when they stumbled upon an ancient scroll in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also plays Moore and Newman. Herschel's life parallels Moses. He was sent down the river, you can find the family of Pharaoh at the same time Moses was. birth father Herschel, the late James Coco, Herschel becomes a slave after Herschel rescues idol maker and works as a sculptor. Eventually Herschel comes to work for Pharaoh, as an astronomer, banished, and ends up tending a flock of sheep Moses. Herschel and Moses brothers in law, marrying sisters, and Herschel believed that God had chosen him to deliver his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received God's word, but Herschel misunderstood. I pause here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... in any case, the rest of the film is a series of poorly written scenes involving Moore and actors that make "special appearances." These scenes do not advance the plot forward, they bring what little story has to stop. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays tailor. Dom DeLuise has maybe three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel, just give the same testimony he gave in the line «The Paper Chase». David L. Lander is a fake blind "cure" Herschel. Andrea Martin, one of the sisters in Zerelda. I was not sure who Madeline Kahn was supposed to be, it gives a ride to Herschel, and has about a minute and a half of screen time. John Ritter plays the devil answered by a serious. Richard Pryor has one scene, as the Pharaoh, but it was apparently shot at a different time than Moore's scene because the two do not appear on screen together! In the end, Zerelda turns into a pillar of salt when looking back at the destruction of the New Sodom, haha. Herschel wrote the Ten Commandments, and gives them Moses, who is bathed in all its glory. In the final scene, the writer decided to try and save this shallow film having Herschel God fit in as an argument. God comes as an all-powerful bully, who was the leading Herschel around his own amusement, speaking through him just to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda sarcastically, "God works in mysterious," thereby justifying all very unchristian behavior during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is not a bit of laughter can be found anywhere. At least, Monty Python mocked many established religious strongholds in the "Life of Brian" in the appendix to him questionable to take the life of Jesus, but here is the humor of the Poo Poo jokes and characters are constantly bumping heads. This makes it look like Mel Brooks Merchant / Ivory. Parishioners will be offended and not the ratio of the film to the religion, and the complacency exhibits movies, hit your own hoitytoityness (I know, not a word) on the subject, they obviously do not know anything about. "It is Moses!" Very bad and uncomfortable for everyone involved. I suggest you read a book instead. <br /> <br /> This is the nominal (PG) for any physical violence, profanity, sexual references and adult situations.
