Which is full of a piece of debris. The plot is in spite of this, if the movie action revolves around the aircraft, do you think that the writer / producer / director (or anyone!) B to do a little homework, as at least a few details. The errors were so egregious that I have fuming until the end of the film. Here are some of them: I am glad that I have missed the sequence of the SR-71 - I'm sure it was worse than the «Air Force One» F-117 show. Commercial airlines, tend to have their logos are shown on a plane, not BOEING 747 ?? likely (cheaper) to use a Boeing advertising / promotional footage of the director. Exposed wires connected to the wire nuts are mediocre at best for home wiring, much less a multimillion-board wiring. Aircraft, 747 both rely on pressure alone, but not oxygen supply vessel to maintain breathable air, and if they rely on the supply side, the canister will be much larger than the size of the fist. Medical tape is not a suitable substitute for the threaded hose connection. They were F-16s, NOT F-15s. Mach 1+ (speed of sound) will be difficult to achieve on a static operation of the engine at takeoff (watch the airspeed indicator). "The standard education" just keep education within one nautical mile, "route" formation, they fly - not the most useful education for interception. "Acquiring a missile lock" probably will not attract the attention of airline pilot - they do not have radar detection and reaction. "Wait for my signal," there is no link between the flight to prepare for a personal fire. Leakage from the door opening in flight is not grounds for immediate steep left bank. Yelling into a headset makes no transmission. Magnetic headings are given as "headers" not "bearing", and headings between 001 and 360 degrees (compass in the air just like a compass on the ground!), So that the left (not "port" ?? this boat thing) from "bearing "from 618 to 502 just stupid. It is, in most cases it is impossible to simply "turn left off the yoke until the correct title is reached" ?? that these things will lead to a 360-degree roll until the yoke entirely centered again. The probability that a flight attendant immediately find and successfully engage the autopilot is only slightly larger than the probability of it on the landing really well. Aircraft do not stop immediately after pulling the throttle back and 747s have more than one small lever thrust control multiple motors. Flaps lowered from step usually immediately before and immediately after the expansion chassis, not seconds before planting (good way emergency). Wheel brake must stop the plane, simply by pulling the gas (es) (this time the other arm in the movie) to idle will only allow you to go from the end of the runway at a slower speed. I have already said that those fighters were F-16s, rather than F-15s? I think I did ?? And this is just what I remember from the recent view of this terrible film.
