French director Jean Rollin is not known for great films, and it is confusing mess one of the reasons why. One of the most confusing things about this product is the name. For the director, who is well known for directing erotic about a lesbian vampire films; You would expect a film with the word "naked" in the title, to be particularly bare-chested one; but in fact, there is not a lot of nudity in general here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampire without clothes; we got a bulky story about a man who wants to discover the secret of immortality, a young woman who may hold the key disease and death-cult that does not get to do much. The film begins promisingly with a sequence that sees a young girl who has a mysterious group of masked men under the watchful eye of a young French man who also happens to be the son of a man of importance. Through his investigation, he soon discovers that this woman is not just a normal woman, and he delves deeper into the cult; he finds that he can not be killed by bullets, drinks blood and can not get out during the day ... it sounds like a unique case of vampirism me. <br /> <br /> roll fantasy atmosphere keeps going throughout the film, but it may not be interested in the fact that the story is so poorly executed. You can keep up with what's going on, but only because there are so many other movies that are similar sites in this. The director seems to know that he spoiled the plot as well as menopause basically an excuse to explain the film to the audience. There is a twist thrown in too late; but the film would have been better off without him. I believe it was an attempt to roll, to be a bit original, but it comes off as a clumsy attempt at such, rather than a logical continuation of the story. Cinematography pretty neat, with a lot of the story takes place in the respective areas of Gothic. Girls on the board to finish what is a pretty picture, and that the film Rollin lacks logic and consistency, it adds some style. In defense of the film, it was made in 1969; that explains the absence of some shocks, but I can not recommend this film because it has a lot of it, that should be taken into consideration.
