This review may contain some spoilers. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought that they do not make them very bad more it is Rae Dawn Chong as space fox and Willie Nelson as an Indian sorcerer! It's even worse when you factor in the fact that these two are the best aspects of the `Starlight," a film that should be considered only for a laugh. <br /> <br /> Chong alien sent to Earth to search for the only remaining half-breed, part of the people and a part of someone else's. Apparently, the Earth is in dire straits. Something is wrong with human genetics, and within a few decades, the world will be transformed into a contaminated wasteland. Only by replicating the DNA crossbreed may kindly alien race to save the planet. Do not ask me how it is, as the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed as a result of pollution, which is caused by humans. One would have thought the earth could be saved only by getting rid of pollutants beings can not save them! Anyway, turns out to be a half-breed Billy Wirth, a person living in a small Southwestern town and is part of the Native Americans from the line of his mother, despite the fact that his mother is a red Caucasus, and his grandfather, Willie Nelson . It was not this kind of nonsense that has made bombastic Carmen Electra bomb `chosen 'a howler? Chong comes to her ship as well as Wirth almost drowned after riding a motorcycle in the lake, in a fit of desperation is the result of only a break with his girlfriend. Before you can say, Pronounce `garbage 'Chong is revealing her secret to Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment, and spreading the word to family Wirth. Chong also makes friend with her mother Wirth, who seems to have lost some of its marble for many years. Well, that's because Wirth's father was a stranger, who left her. Of course, it is a standard rogue alien who conveniently chose that moment to come back to Earth for Wirth, so that he could use DNA Wirth, to make people their slaves Earth. (A?) His ridiculous attempts to use his telepathic abilities and capture Wirth suck most of the screen time and the worst scenes in the film. They are not only sad, but they are scenes where you will spot flubs most. <br /> <br /> The ideas can be good on paper, but they are handled with the utmost foolishness, especially in the aforementioned scene with rogue foreigners. But the effects of the poison of the film. The first stage includes Chong on its spacecraft, communicating with its magnificent, who we do not see, but that the Chong communicates through the vat, which emits a pink light. They do not use the spoken words, but telepathy, so we were treated to subtitles. The problem is, as the subtitle Chong and her superior and similar to each other, and the director does not give any indication as to which of the two actually 'saying "at any time, which does all the talking nothing but delusion. Spacecraft worse effects to come out of Hollywood this side of the film Ed Wood. Now, I usually indulgent on effects when working with low-budget film like this, but these effects are really me. The most annoying was the simplest: a fake night sky. The stars in the sky, so they are almost fake horn uttered. In particular, those moments where Chong tells someone she comes from the Pleiades, and we get a shot of the seven stars. The fact is that the seven stars occupy about half of the night sky in the film, but any astrologer knows that the Pleiades star cluster is between the constellations of Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster does not take up much space in the sky at all. These effects are easy to get so nasty that your jaw will be hanging lower and lower with each passing moment. Be careful, as it will go right through the floor during the finale, when the effects to Willie Nelson to become a human attention and. ,, Oh, it must be seen to be believed <br /> <br /> Starlight, star bright !; The last star I see tonight; I wish I could, I wish I could; should not see more of this garbage today <br /> <br /> Zantara Number :. 1 10.
