I understand that as a result the novel to the big screen is always problematic. This is the only positive thing I can say about it is really terrible adaptation. <br /> <br /> Have you read "Wise Blood? This is an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about the South as no one else has. It was a southerner myself, a devout Catholic, and extremely talented writer. In his first novel, she wove together dark and deeply disturbing story of faith, doubt and redemption with a terrible sense of humor and astonishing impartiality. the characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who lived in rural areas of the south, but I can assure you that such people exist. not only that they exist, they are people with families, feelings, and concerns, as well as in . All other Flannery intention was so often misunderstood - it is not lampooning these Glusha fanatics - she had seen in their excellent work, which she called the "grace" ... even in the most cruel, painful and unbearable circumstances In order to read ". Wise Blood »to be overwhelmed with a sense of fear and hopelessness Finally, it is long and hard to think about our opinions and prejudices -.. our whole view of the world <br /> <br /> All of this comes through in John Huston« Island 'Gilligan such adaptation. Nobody. This is a farce. Bad farce. The entire film is full of arrogance that turns the stomach. Effective poor southern accents are fake and offensive. The filmmakers do not show any understanding of religious thinking Southerners. intense prose Ms. O'Connor reduced to gegam and cheap, amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mixture of stupidity and Hayseed "A Clockwork Orange 'style electronics cheeseball, which does not fit the story or even MOVIE. I was given free access to this film and almost went out. Truly, truly awful. <br /> <br /> As an aside, I do not agree with the religious views of Ms. O'Connor, and while I was raised in the deep south, a few years ago, I made my way to the north and did not look back . But the south is a great place full of exciting people (as well as any other place in the world), and cartoon mockery with which the Southerners and their relationships are discussed in the film borders on the offensive. . If you are offended (which I do not), then this movie is definitely crosses the line <br /> <br /> I do not like to talk shit about the work of the artist - John Huston was the person who I do not know, and I'm sure that he was sincere and talented director, to which it respected place in film history testifies. My view is clearly skewed read (and loved) work Flannery O'Connor. So I'm not saying that comes from any other point of view. Maybe, as an independent film he works for moviegoers. But for fans of Flannery O'Connor - and I might add, to respect the southerners and openminded people of all stripes - this film is a waste of time.
