The film is permeated with religion, so it can not be separated from religion in commenting on it. In my opinion, this film is meant to explore the deep problems, but thrives stereotypes and prejudices; with little real understanding. The fact that people in the movie (and, thus, the writer) is not able to see grace. They did not understand that God is the author of beauty, and He is the Creator of passion and sexual fulfillment in the proper context of marital relationships. In order to keep in mind that the people of society, which is based the story believe that was already sinful, and as a man and a woman enjoying the act of marriage dirty, just a simplification. Such stereotypes do not exist, even the Jewish scriptures speak clearly of a caring husband, who will look for the satisfaction of his wife in front of his own. Scripture says that man should love his wife as his own flesh, and that no one ever hated his own flesh, but nourishes and cherishes it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament writers and the characters completely ignore that there are passages, such as the Song of Solomon in the Old Testament, and even the book of Proverbs, which says: "Rejoice in the wife of your youth, let her breasts satisfy you always," How is it! can be read in any way except that God knows and approves, and a smile on, marriage and the implementation thereof? Real men do not ignore the values ​​and needs of their wives. Those who deny the very basic teachings of Jewish / Christian religion. God I never spoke That these things. This is absurd. Sonia rebelled because of the wrong teachings of the true God of Abraham. It should not be that way. How sad. What Sonya desperately needed the truth, and not a tradition. In the know, to love and obey God, we love others longer; in front of it there is faith the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph,. once delivered to the saints, bought and paid for by Jesus Christ, the Righteous But well, ignore all this and give up the ancient, holy scriptures and seek wisdom and the homeless. ghosts. It's a good plan. I would never recommend this film; partly because of the sexual content too graphic, but also because it really does not offer valuable information. Check «YENTL», if you want to see much more useful treatment of Jewish tradition at odds with society.
