I was so shocked by this documentary. I am deeply embarrassed and ashamed by the way Puertoricans were depicted. This documentary was not about culture Puertoricans. It was about the culture Nuyoricans. Puertoricans Nuyoricans and two different cultures. A very different culture and should not be generalized to the population of Puerto Rico. Rosie before you make a documentary, you need to do research. You also need to check and make sure your sources are credible. Puerto Ricans are not all loud and they have a class that one documentary is not enough to show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmy and Rosie on the View on Martha Stewart, I was very pleased to see. I even convinced my parents to know, because they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes I could not believe how documentaries hitting the United States and Puerto Ricans made to look like a bunch of guinea pigs. You must go and visit Puerto Rico, you will find that Puerto Rico is the third country in the world where more than 50% of the population lives below the poverty line. Puerto Rico has a college and a well-known universities, roads, cars, shopping malls, shopping centers (the largest Kmart and JCPenney, I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton et al.), Casino, church, agriculture, auto Expresso and restaurants just to name a few. Poverty? NOT 50% of the population. Puerto Rican culture of family, music, food, celebrating and trying to move forward, not backward. Oh, and more cousins ​​than just pop out of nowhere. No, this is not a Puerto Rican thing is ghetto thing. We're not bastards. Puertorican origin parents who wish to educate their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a trip with the family, so they can see first hand that Puerto Rico is all about. They will see its beauty, people and culture. Please do not show them this film, because it only clouds their negative minds. Oh, and please do not tell my American friends to see this movie, because it will only make Puertorican people look ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised with the Puerto Rican island. Just so you know!
