You have to respect this film. This may be "just a dumb children's film," but it's the # 1 most requested name of the movie in movie online forums, requested by people who remember the story, but I can not remember the name. Therefore, what follows is essential, detailed description of the plot, as I could not find a description anywhere else online. <br /> <br /> A typical 2-storey house is shown in the suburbs. 7-year-old Brigitte tells suspecting that something was going on, as she and her 11-year-old brother, Andrew receive gifts from their parents, for no apparent reason. Currently Bridget stuffed penguin that she immediately names Milka William. Brigitte describes her family: Aunt Ruth, bossy nurse to take care of my grandmother, Grams hugging grandmother, who makes dolls from socks, and her brother Andrew, who in electronics and annoying. Gram accidentally hangs up on Lieutenant Governor, which shows that she is standing in the way of living with the family. Two children eat breakfast while the adults discuss the movement of grams in a nursing home. Bridget makes a horrible kind of sandwich pancake containing cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, and Andrew looks on in disbelief. These two children then discuss grams, and Andrew says bluntly that Gram is currently "put out to pasture." Bridget said with a gram in the attic, there is a play tea party with sweet William in his bedroom, the living doll suddenly jumps out from her bedroom closet mirror . <br /> <br /> Bridget and living doll acquainted. Curly woman living doll named Huggins and life in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins cap from Andrew room. Huggins hiding under some laundry when Bridget's mother arrives, the mother throws laundry into the washing machine with Huggins in it. Bridget saves Huggins and dry it with a hairdryer. They discuss the problem with aging grams and having to leave, Huggins says Bridget can talk to a bookworm in Huggaland about it, because he knows everything. They step through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of the tennis shoes Bridget stuck in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking with one shoe, Bridget goes without shoes in Huggaland. They immediately meet Hugsy, with curly hair Boy Alive doll Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy cap. They also correspond to tickle, Bubble, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the dolls sing a song sitting on a bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget Huggins and his hugwagon see bookworm who lives on top of a giant stack of books. Bibliophile consult the "old encyclopedia" and concludes that old age can be cured by eating the fruits of «youngberry tree." However, only one such tree there, and this in a country ruled by a mad queen shake quartz. The only way to travel around the brushes, to go down a deep hole, which is located inside the neighboring giant book. <br /> <br /> Bridget and two dolls swallowed three times, jump into the hole, and the drum is. Soon they go down the side of the sidewalk, hear the sea breaking glass, and falls to the pavement, when the severity of the tank ends. They are faced with a "hairy monster", which looks like a mastodon, has four canines, and breathes fire from his trunk. But Hugsy boldly goes and hugs behemoth, which thus becomes a baby elephant, which is called a hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was under the spell of the queen, and must Hugsy service, so that they all ride back to the castle halophytes. They come in a castle surrounded by a troll-like creatures, the Queen (queens Admir) comes and asks Bridget few youngberries. Queen refuses, that is, one for himself, and boasts of his own youthful good looks, looking in the mirror. Hodgepodge of fainting, when the queen says that it must be "digested". Queen worried when Bridget says that the evil sorcerer must have a wart, so the queen freezes Bridget and three other orders to be taken in the cellar. But the queen casually leave the keys to the dome youngberry tree with a lock to the dome-shaped lifting device. <br /> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in a cave and uses its "noodles" (trunk) to pull the door of the prison, in the down, thus freeing himself and two dolls with him. They find Brigitte standing petrified, dolls hug her, which leads to Bridget revive. Before you run away, Bridget is the key to the left of youngberry tree canopy lifts off the dome, and they choose a few glowing youngberries and put them in the bank. Queen catches them, but the Queen's hand trapped under the dome leave when the key that Brigitte had left on the ground. Queen suddenly appears very old, since it is devoid of young people to give berries, and seems to be dying. Bridget soon step back through the mirror in her bedroom, but a trip to the bottom of the mirror, pour the berries on her floor, and the berries are fast disappearing in smoke, one after the other. Her mother calls to her and Andrew, to say goodbye to Gramm, who is retiring home. Andrew omits the usual absurd, restrained facade and embrace grams, telling her that he loves her and that he did not want her to go away. Their father moved and decides to leave grams there in the end, and all the hugs and shouts, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person to leave the pressure grams. <br /> <br /> Andrew Bridget asks him St. Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget begins to explain how she gave it to Huggins Huggaland, but Andrew does not want to listen to what he considers her fantasy story, so he turns to look at him in his bedroom. One of the dolls in secret arms cap back through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts a cap on the head of Andrew Andrew is mystified, and leaves her bedroom, without saying a word. Bridget fun waves on the mirror.
