Believe it or not, «The Massacre Shredders" gave me a full-scale gonorrhea! That's right, I have a rainbow discharge spewing from me only because a group of children went to play with the camera and somehow made a deal with the devil, and has spread. It is beyond my comprehension how anyone with moderate intelligence can tolerate it chug film load. The only reason I was able to sit through it (not without a few suicide attempts on the way) because, well, first of all, I was beside myself with boredom, and the second - I think that I would like to look further into this recently discovered type of hatred I felt ... This film is a "shot in the video" "horror / comedy" about three siblings who stayed for the weekend in the care of his elderly aunt bitchy. The youngest child finishes the old lady accidentally stabbing his Rambo replica hunting knife. Then they get to share aunt with different tools (apparently, it was not a single drop of blood in her body!) and throw it in a rented wood chipper their parents ... her conviction son stops looking at my mother and children eventually split that ass too ... I do not remember ever seen throw annoying actors who actually made me sick. Seriously, the voice that one blonde chick I constantly wincing. All the actors were quite brutal - literally shouting their fake-sounding dialogue and jokes that must have been written by a chimpanzee that just do not care! Now, I usually appreciate the independent efforts, but only by those who can understand that other than their relatives of people could see it! I do not need to see a 3-minute shot from a car pulling a drive-way and painful, excruciatingly long lawn grooming installation with some ridiculous, Fluttery music playing over it. Also, why the hell is a box that bloody film has a piano on it? There was a piano in one scene, and no one was killed next to him! I'm through with remember about this movie. If you do not like an unbearable shit, I would advise anyone with half a brain to avoid this waste.
