I had high hopes for him, when I heard that it was made in 2001, because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster," when I was a kid, and I found it very interesting. They have made some changes in the story, which does not make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in history was well-known lawyer from New Hampshire in history. In the film, he is the editor. The lawyer makes more sense, since it ends up is Jabez Stone against the devil his / her (he was the man in the story, but there was a woman in the film) in the court, where both their souls are on the line. As an editor, it does not seem likely that Daniel Webster will have the skill to do it. <br /> <br /> The acting was decent all of Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd, except. These two actors that I like, they just did a terrible job in this film. It was as if they thought that they were acting in a comedy, but the film was more serious than a comedy. This may be partly due to the fact that the film was made with a particular vision in mind, and then re-edited by someone else. Given this fact, it is surprising that it was quite consistent. I was surprised to see a fair amount of SNL actors in the movie, which further leads to believe me that it may originally have been removed in order to give it more of a comedy. <br /> <br /> In general, I would say that it was not exactly terrible, but it was not very good. If I could get a half an hour ago and do something else with it, I would. The ending was particularly disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster wins the devil in court. Jabez then starts again at the beginning of the movie ... literally, we just went back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the film breaks. It really looked as if they had just re-play the first scene of Jabez "again and called him over. There are no signs that Jabez has the advantage of any of the knowledge and experience he has got, so who is to say that not only did he repeat his mistakes again, and maybe again and again in an endless loop? It was a very disappointing end and did not make a lot of sense. Decent shot, and each action to Baldwin and Aykroyd except the only things that keep this from being a complete and total shit sandwich.
