Stupid rich guy around about 1800 wants to visit the nearest mental asylum, to see how the famous doctor cares about his patients. Despite the initially hostile response, he soon cordially invited and gave a tour of the good doctor. And, as a doctor showing him, he says, and says, says !!! And, as he says, crazy rampage here, and there's nothing to do, particularly fruitful. Although there are some steps here and there (and some of them are pretty disturbing), it is surprising how sad and cerebral of all this is - do not have enough life and energy, which is surprising for a horror flick. Even a person who thinks he's a chicken and dressing, as one becomes quite tedious. The farther this tour takes visitors all the more disturbing becomes until eventually you realize that prisoners seized a hospital and tortured their custodians. But then again, in spite of this rotation, the film surprisingly lifeless in many places - especially when it is moving very slowly, like a bizarre ceremony takes place or people just wander around the set. Only when workers found shelter in a prison cell, starved, does the film have a real impact. Given this plot, it sure is hard to imagine that makes it boring, but the people who made this film have a cheap operation! Now with the same plot and literate writing, acting and direction, it might be interesting and useful film. <br /> <br /> You know, now that I think about it, it was the story of one of the episodes of the original «Star Trek» TV show! You know, one of the «Lord Garth - Master of the Universe" and Kirk and Spock are captive of this madman and his mad followers <br /> <br /> A final note: in the movie quite a bit. nudity here and there, and includes scenes of rape, so warns - it is not for children. In fact, considering how useless film is not for everyone! However, the version included in the "50 Movie Pack - Chilling Classics», printing is so incredibly bad that it is difficult to see the whole body due to delamination so very dark.
