Was it a comedy or a drama that was? I begin this review by asking the question, because the film I've ever seen, Hollywood Shuffle, was not funny, or quite dramatic. While he was trying to make a point, because of this lack of definition (comedy or drama), intelligent themes and sharp remarks were lost. While I firmly believe that there is too much racial profiling happening in Hollywood, even today, I do not believe that Townsend's directorial debut did much to stop it. Instead, I feel that it is only added fuel to the fire. Townsend comic time in this film was disastrous because of the fact that the elements he had to be making fun of it instead of being encouraged and vice versa. Part of which had to be severe were somehow destroyed the poor lack a funny comedy. Townsend was a decent concept of this film, but unfortunately doing what ultimately hurt the film. If you watch a preview before the film (which I do all the time), you will immediately get the wrong impression that you are going to see. Preview gives the impression of a very clever, comic film that prides itself on the intelligence of the audience, but in fact the film could not be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the Hollywood shuffle does not in itself (because it lacks in the development of) history; Townsend is the trend. He had an excellent concept with this film. Exploit Hollywood, which exploits our race. A worthy idea, but why not run it very well? The first reason lies in the fact that his ideas are too random and sporadic. The structure of the film was similar to a heart attack on the monitor in the hospital, we are literally everywhere without any warning or card. It was obvious that Townsend was quite a bit to say, but only a short time to do it. So, instead of defining their characters, developing their own themes, and actually create smart movie, he just throws it all together and begs that it works. Unfortunately, this is not the case. Instead reasonable comedy, we have halophyte so many ideas, comedy sketches and underutilized actors, this movie is a decent almost unwatchable. Townsend that hurts most of them it is short, try to be funny, breaks during the movie. From fighting the villain known as Jerry Cu to parodying Siskel & Ebert, Townsend attempt to poke fun time to talk about the message the film industry falters. This is because these little unstable scenes actually distract from the main focus of the film and actually destroy internally. While Townsend, seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, he really just connecting to every stereotype and cliché in the book. What could be a beautiful satire turns into a common sense of humor, which never stands apart from the rest. <br /> <br /> So if you find yourself not making fun of the humor of the story, maybe there is some comfort in the knowledge that some of the brothers Wayans around to help revive this stupid story. Wrong! The Wayans in this film, but Townsend has shown that he has the opportunity to bring even the worst, even in this fascinating family. Determined in a preliminary In Living Color moments, we see that the comedy was something that all need to constantly improve. Maybe it's the direction of Townsend, or just maybe, this disgusting story, but these tend to be funny comedians were not enough, and ignored when it came to criticism of this film. I just thought that with the talent pool, Townsend had to pull out of this would be the Hollywood shuffle funny, bright and true strike in Hollywood this apparent dilemma. Unfortunately, it was not anything of the above. <br /> <br /> And finally, I would like to say that it was a workable film. There were some moments (while they were few, and way away from each other), there was a smile on my face, the end product is simply not good to settle with me. Townsend can be funny, but it just felt in this movie that he played against themselves, not through his personal experiences and troubles. I understand that he's probably telling the truth, but he has never come across as. Instead, we passed through a weak plot, which supports itself with idiotic flash clips that may have worked in sitcoms, but, of course, does not work for this film. Even for those who comment that this was his directorial debut and what he learned from this movie, I would have to disagree. If you're starting fresh, or have a hard scenario or specific topics. Townsend was not one of them, and combined with the inability to control their actor, he just could not fireball. <br /> <br /> In general, it was rather disappointing to watch. It reminded me of elementary school Spelling Bee, where he was finally time your child to spell. Word is tough, but the first two or three letters to come, do you think that it will work perfectly, but there is a chance that the «P» and silent «R», which makes your excitement collapse. That is how I felt with Hollywood Shuffle. First, I saw the potential I saw the theme and motif of the picture, but a fuzzy and inexperienced technique and after the first two scenes, I felt a deep sense of falling. Townsend sank his ship on this, and I do not think Hollywood Shuffle will ever again be immersed in a crucial moment of Hollywood cinema <br /> <br /> Grade :. * Since *****
