Once live, if predictable opening bank robbery scene, «Set It Off» plummet straight into the ditch and continued to fall. This is a film that deals in filthy, worn stereotypes instead of characters, absurd manipulations, instead of coherent and drawing hideous cocktail of sentimentality annoying and gratuitous violence instead of thoughts, the mind or the senses. In short, it is no different from the 90% of Hollywood product. But this racial angle, which makes «Set It Off» particularly upset example of modern filmmaking. Posing as a holiday «sistahood», the film is actually a celebration of the most virulent forms of denigration "gangsta" stereotype Afican-American. The trick this time is that the gangsters wearing resistance. Moreover, the film shows that gang violence is the default identity for all African Americans, strapped for cash, or feeling a bit disturbed people, she is my sistas in shallow materialist who value money and toys is paramount. Worse, «Set It Off» exploits the theme of racial discrimination and disadvantageous simply as a device to support his weak plot structure. Serious social problems associated wheel races on spurious and opportunistic modes in order to justify an armed robbery, they are destroyed as soon as the film must inevitably produce a normal ending, which punishes the crime, the LAPD is a bunch of care, fault-ridden liberals (say Rodney King) and the desirable "good" system, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the path of upward mobility with the hood and into the world of middle-class pampering opened for her by her bank manager buppie boyfriend. «Set It Off» shows the sorry state of contemporary film blaxploitation indulging meaningless gangsta stereotypes and pretending to celebrate life in the hood, but all the time despising him. While such "Shaft" and "Superfly" in the 1970s, may be spreading stereotypes and warm up well worn areas, they had a freshness, energy and innocence that struck a chord with audiences of all races and still does its fun to watch. «Set It Off» should not be angry with yourself if you were not a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoization of African-American filmmaking as promising breakthrough in the early days of the 1990s.
