I saw yesterday the second part. And I must say that it was actually better than the first. In the beginning, I realized this is actually a continuation of, and not a remake, not a good one. I do not like old movies and TV shows with the Galactica, the Cylons because they saw the toaster (just as it was mentioned in this new film) and were completely harmless to the old Galactica. This film turns the hand - humans were harmless, but the whole movie was quite chaotic and stupid to me. Many of the scenes were not needed, for example, the story of "computer expert" - totally in the shit. If I were a writer, I would have left him to die in his home, killed by Cylon woman. And evacuation from the planet? Oh, please, if bombed 50 megatons (why 50 MT ??) nuclear weapons, they would be dead, killed by radiation. And how is it actually possible that a large fleet of Cylon was completely hidden before the attack? Yeah, it was possible, it is a computer virus created Cylon - a scenario likely to ten-year-old schoolboy was written. The good side of the film, that people finally won !! Indeed defeat, population about the disappearance (children die - twice as obvious in the film: 1. The baby !!! maybe a month and a girl at the age of no more than ten - that such violence ...). And the bad asses won, and I think this is the first time in a sci-fi movie galaxy battle. I also appreciate the design of the Cylons (not just a humanoid Cylon :-) good work with these courts - I like the design of ships, both of them - man N. Cylon. Human ships had a good old version. And Galactica - very beautiful with these docks, I liked it. But it's only the design is not enough. Action was really bad, the whole plot was predictable (only two things that can not be found - a man-Cylon on ragnardocks and people-Cylons at the end) .The dialogues were trivial (in Slovak wipe just stupid, but it's not the fault of the film). The whole movie was like a pilot film for the series, but who would have to take such a series? Whatever about? One star for the design of the second one for the almost complete disappearance of mankind.
