This film is a mess, but at least it's not pretentious. Box art for video sells it as "fun" back in the 1950s, giant bug movies. In fact, it is clear from the discounted plagiarism "Strangers". <br /> <br /> Manufacturers obviously want to make "foreign" picture, but they should not have a lot of money. In fact, it does not look like they had any money, in fact. I hope everyone got paid, who worked on this thing <br /> <br /> The main storyline kept. - a group of people, isolated from the deadly insectoid beings - and living space are inserted for financial reasons, I suppose. Instead of setting the film in a space where no one can hear you scream, they put the film in the hospital, where everyone can see your budget is laid bare. The funny thing about the «Blue Monkey» (and there's only one thing funny about it) is that the filmmakers have not abandoned the "foreign" aesthetics. Despite the fact that we are in the hospital, we still have an incredibly cavernous application where science fiction experiments conducted in production, in this case respectable "growth hormone" plot device. The annex also doubles as a boiler (or something), so that we can have a monster looking for an explanation of heat. Boiler room is so large that it is riddled with multilevel steel catwalks, perfect for allowing mucus to drain between the bars. <br /> <br /> The idea is that a person who works in a greenhouse attacked flower hanging from a rare imported plant that grows in an exotic location. He touches him and says, "Oh," so we know that it does not hurt. on his finger incision causes him to fall unconscious for a few minutes, while in the hospital, he gives birth to a white worm through the mouth (I believe in the "Alien" films that would be called «mouthburster»?), worm isolated, but some naughty little children (leukemia patients) to sneak up on him, and 'accidentally' give him some experimental growth hormone. You know all in trouble when some workers fornicate hospital staff attacked by the camera on the crane, and quickly maintenance man finds some mandatory cocoons, just before he grabbed a pair of floor-convincing insectoids weapons. The rest of the film is dominated by floor-voice-monster, half-obscured by nightfall. <br /> <br /> Which brings us to the "alien." How, you ask, can a movie set in the hospital include all these flashing strobe lights, which are always in the movie "Alien"? No problem ... a power outage (or something) does not cause electric system go awry, which apparently causes the strobe lights to flourish in every hospital room and flickering constantly throughout the film. This doubles as a convenient cloak for less than special effects (although the error is quite neat, they do not move too good, and the baby bug looks adorable as a cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so that the "alien" the fundamentals have not we covered ... OH, water flows down the walls! Check ... we will share a massive hospital into two parts and then send some of the characters through the wet, Drippy the basement to get to the other side. Problem solved, we now have an opportunity for many of the "apprehension" of tunnel shots. And do not forget the fog ... Well, you never need an excuse to do in horror movies, is not it? Okay, maybe you do inside the hospital, so we are going to create smoke, having a lot of things, spark and burn. <br /> <br /> I did not say anything about the void of action, not that the actors give any kind of script to follow. I accept it "Blue Monkey» was supposed to be light-hearted and fun, and if so, then this is a good attempt, but the parts do not come together, and the film ends with the real resistance. Watch a movie called "The Return of Aliens: The Deadly Spawn», if you want to see a movie of this type, which gets it right, even with less money and more marginal acting talent. This one falls flat on its foreigners.
