* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * takes place in turn of the century of the Pacific Northwest. In the damp muddy mountain camp, John McCabe (Warren Beatty and hairy) comes barge full of cigar smoke and big ideas about the construction of a proper saloon / brothel for the city, has many of the sorriest slut trio in the history of cinema. It also comes with a non-working reputation Gunslinger: too shameful about it brazenly advertise it, but it certainly is not afraid to use it to assert authority alpha male among the locals. And thus, he scrapes the boys in the construction of its interior at a rate of 15 cents per hour. <br /> <br /> It looks pretty pathetic operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) indicates the tremendous contraption that is half wagon, half the car (where Altman find this thing?). Mrs. Miller immediately takes on McCabe as a business partner in order to rank the new joint with the correct whores and insistence that all visitors to take a bath before entering. Noting that McCabe does not know how to add, it also insists on handling the accounts. It is not clear that McCabe will function. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when a pair of oily representatives of mining companies to show in the city and offer McCabe to buy it for five thousand. McCabe tells them to escape - he holds over fifteen thousand. The Company believes negotiations unpleasant, so they hire a trio of killers just kill McCabe. ,, Although they think they can get away with killing a man in broad daylight in the center of the city as it is not clear, as a function of McCabe in a brothel partnership. (Sorry this site is huge holes on the grounds that local people would be too intimidated to speak does not cut the mustard when one considers that any reward money offered by the local marshal will be pretty good.) <br /> <br /> * McCabe and Mrs. Miller *, supposedly "classic Seventies film" should be much better than this. The film tells a pretty good story; the main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are some vivid scenes, especially one with what looks like a 14-year-old stone-cold killer. But it's actually very difficult to enjoy a movie when you can hardly hear what someone says, and if you can hardly see what someone is doing. Once again, the director of herding your own movie with the explicit threshing floor laziness and sloppiness. In accordance with the trivia-leaf here on IMDb, the film editor on Altman grumbled that the sound was muddy; Altman did not agree; and when all said that the sound was muddy after the film, Altman accused the editor. (Nice). Along with poor sound, the film has a shocking sight. Only Robert Altman can hire a world class DP like Zsigmond and make a film that looks as if they are doused with camera lenses with dirty dishwater. Reviewers here who praise the "dark brown" glow of this has to be kidding me. Interiors pierced that appears dark scum. The appearance of photos is even worse: it's as if Altman located 500 fog machine for the rich trees. During the climactic stretch when Beatty cunning killer, and the local church on fire, Altman insists almost completely obscuring the view with animated snowfall, which resembles one of the Rankin-Bass Christmas special. <br /> <br /> Look - I can not watch movies in these conditions. Come back to me when you learn how to place a boom microphone, if you remove all that annoying "Altman-esque" closes the dialogue, and if you wipe the lens with some Windex or something. 3 stars out of 10.
