How they got Al Pacino to play in this movie for me. This movie is absolutely horrible. I found after reading some other reviews that some people actually liked this film that deeply embarrasses me, because I do not see how anyone in their right mind would enjoy the movie as bad as the revolution. It is not just that it's a bad film, with a lame story and the general strangeness that is very unpleasant, but it seems as if the filmmakers were either mentally retarded (which is very possible explanation as to why this movie sucks, as it does, although it probably still sucks, even in comparison with other films made by morons) or deliberately did everything illogical decision to make this film to suck as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running around with a huge, fat, ugly wart on his face. He usually does not have a pier. Mole Sun adds to its character. It's very ugly and distracting. It's not like a mole Robert De Niro; it is much worse. Why the hell has he got that mole? It's as if the filmmakers simply said: "Let's see how we could make this movie even worse than it already is? I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland heroes, ugly mole ass right on his face. »<br /> <br /> Another example of stupidity creators of the film is the character of Ned. We see, in the first three quarters of the film, young Ned. At some point on the screen "six months" is. Once again we see Ned, and, of course, the same actor who plays boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen, and suddenly we have another actor who plays as it is now a senior Ned. What, they think we're idiots? My God! Again, as the filmmakers say, "How can we make it worse? I do not think we can ... Oh, wait, I just had a horrible idea! "I know that the child does not grow much in six months, which is good, but at least he is growing more than it is for three weeks. Just do not play another actor Ned, or at least force him to play five minutes, when he three weeks younger. In addition, a child who plays "old" Ned did not look older than the "young" Ned. In fact, he just looks very different, much slimmer, rather than above or older than the original actor who is very confusing, because I, like any reasonable person, thought at first that it was a new and different character. <br /> <br /> As the first child dies while they were filming? Because he was in it for the first hour and a half, and then suddenly, three weeks later, the guy from the castle part of the trunk and two plays Ned in the last five minutes of the film. And even if the original actor did die, the filmmakers must have at least got an actor who looks like he's playing his role to the end, and again to shoot a measly five minutes "six months later" scene. Better yet, just scrap the film completely, never finish it and never let out, never even anybody tell about it, because at this point they had to realize that their movie sucks and finishing it they will only spend more money and time, and succeed in making one of the worst films of all time <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that this film is so bad that you do not have to watch it. it's so bad that you have to look to see how bad it sucks. It's terrible, terrible.
