A brilliant actor, he, Al Pacino completely disrupts the revolution ?? his method acting approach is totally unsuitable for the role of an illiterate trapper caught in the American War of Independence. Much of the blame should be attributed director Hugh Hudson (so that the person who made the chariots of fire a couple of years ago ?? talk about fluff prihodyat- !!). One of the many working places is directed Marshal actors, coaxing believable performances from them, but in this case, Hudson allowed Pacino amok, without the need for restriction of any kind. It's not just a career low productivity Ella, what prevents the film, though :. There are many other disadvantages of the revolution, of which more will be said later <br /> <br /> illiterate trapper Tom Dobby (Al Pacino) lives on the Hayastan north America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). He leads a simple life ?? living from the land, raising a son, surviving from the elements. The country is mocked by the British colonialists, but during the eight-year period (1775-83), a revolution that ends with the defeat of the British and American independent nation is born. Dobby gets caught up in the events, when his boat and his son called upon the Continental Army ?? swept the events they can hardly understand what Dobbs considers himself fighting for his life and freedom in a bloody engagement after another. Topics also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and ardent female British aristocratic descent. Their forbidden love playing against a great historical context of hostilities. <br /> <br /> Where to start with the shortcomings of the film? Most of the key actors ?? miscast Pacino has been criticized already, but Kinski fares slightly better as a renegade aristocrat, and Donald Sutherland hopelessly lost as a ruthless British soldier sweep Yorkshire accent. Scenario Robert Dillon confused in their attempts to bring huge historical events up to the individual level. At any point someone seems to have decided whether it is meant to be an intimate character study with the American Revolution as the background, or the epic war film with a handful of sharp images of characters that are used to carry the story along. As a result, the narrative falls into the no man's land, Porkhov from the "great spectacle" to "short story" indiscriminately and wantonly. Cost Corigliano is pretty awful, and pours consideration, no thought, no subtlety. Hugh Hudson direction awkward everywhere, both in its mismanagement Pacino and other key stakeholders, as well as the decision to use annoying shaky camera work during action sequences. The idea of ​​a handheld camera to create immediacy ?? that the sense of "presence" in the turmoil of battle and gunfire. Like many other things in the film, it does not work. One department where the film restores a modicum of respectability this period in detail, with the costumes, sets and weapons, which look always accurate. But if this is the period of the items you are interested in a trip to the museum will be the best way to pass the time, because, as a rousing cinematic experience of the revolution does not even begin to do an assessment. Nothing more than £ 18000000 mega-bombs, weak British film industry can not afford in the mid-1980s.
