What a great word "rethinking" is. Is not that what they call MMIV Dawn of the Dead (2004)? Reasonable word indeed - it masks the period, which all grew up to hate, "alteration", that is, and makes it almost sounds as if the process of establishing one was creative and imagination involved. Well, damn it, I was misled. At least, I seduced even the thought of countless rampant gore and violence than the idea of ​​"rethinking", although it played a role. <br /> <br /> However, why do a remake? Director to make it just a few reasons, actually: to update the film for a modern audience, or because they personally like the original and want to do a tribute to him. Homage, if you will. However, all this as a whole (I admit exceptions) is reduced to one thing: to steal someone else's idea and modification of his (or "rethinking" it), so that those who will never see it or understand it will pay the money, to see it. It's like Coles «/ Cliffs Notes"; reset in a blender, clear all, more mysterious and interesting, and throw in a few artificial flavors. In other words, large marketing scheme. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with that? Well, I'll start with what I liked. I liked the opening scene. Thanks to CGI and a large budget, we could get a glimpse of the chaos of the zombie holocaust Romero tried to contact the original by minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies chaos and death. Two words that look nice on the screen. Then it all falls apart. <br /> <br /> This setting leads to nowhere. The film does what it does almost every remake. It adds more of everything except the characters, atmosphere and history. It's noisy (in a sense), bloody, and more fully the main characters that are just to die in ridiculous storylines. Installation, in the shopping center, which has played a crucial role in the history of the original film and the theme, is purely coincidental. The idea communicated in Romero's film, pure ecstasy of joy have a "shopping center all for yourself as a fortress," he went here. In addition, it is "rethinking" has no courage, no spirit, NO balls. This involves (probably rightly) that the audience has no attention span and do not bother to get us interested in the characters or stories. The film rushes and passes quieter interaction of the four characters of the original. You really grew to care about the people in the Romero version, because it was determined the realism of their existence, despite the madness outside the center. Here you do not care where and who is: what matters is how they go <br /> <br /> What else to say it.? The film is not scary. It has one or two "jump" stage and tries to compensate for rest with Gore and loud special effects. In the history of it really is too choppy to follow, and the conflicts between the characters are too immature to keep it. Humor is also reduced to a few jokes (and a very good character: Andy). After what remains? The ending is clearly absurd and worse muted inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But, despite his rather bad movie (though not quite as bad as some other remakes), remember one thing: he pushed the Passion of Christ, with its number one spot at the box office. Well done to zombies.
