This film is pure "Hollywood scam It is based on a novel titled« Not Too Narrow ?? Nha Too Deep »Richard Sale, which may or may not be interested in:. It would take a study to find out in the film story takes for themselves! It meant a lot of incidents and a lot of the background, which obviously existed in the novel, but it was nowhere to be seen in the film, as the film was brutally cut or the script was a mess from the beginning. There is no one millisecond in this film, which is remotely realistic or in terms of events or characters. This is a purely Hollywood fantasy in all respects. The two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Laurie, so underused and wasted, that there was no point in their being in the movie at all. They were thrown into the mix in the order in which one adds a sprinkling of chopped chives in an omelette, in the hope that the flavor will be enhanced. The film is an attempt to obtain a bulky "moral tales", and so corny that it's funny. The story concerns some hardened criminals prisoners in French Guiana, who want to get away from their French colonial prison through the jungle (very Hollywood set of the jungle, with a rubber snake). Naturally, there should be a woman in the story, so that Joan Crawford hams it as a vagrant down-on-her-luck, who for some reason becomes irresistible Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford run through the jungle wearing high heels and keeps her makeup fresh. Gable flirts and makes a face and even corny expression, wrinkling her forehead as was his custom, grinning and looking a hint of all that was his way of acting. It is difficult to treat this character as a hardened criminal, if he is always trying so hard to be Clark Gable, he, of course, has no time to be a thief. (Attention seeker, by definition, is too busy to steal and unsuitable to the task, which requires that people have not seen.) The whole trick is so ridiculous that it can be viewed only as light entertainment. Trying to religiosity and the "depth" is produced by introducing into the story of the mysterious "angel of mercy" who voluntarily goes to jail and pretends resident. It helps in the shoots and accompanies all the criminals and ministers of various deaths, helping them to find "peace" in his last breaths. This character is very well played Ian Hunter, who keeps for a convincing air of secret knowledge, mysteriously smiling, making mysterious prophetic remarks, and has trained a small spot on his face to give him a heavenly glow. The theme is meant to be a redemption. You could call it a duck version Donald "Hollywood Goes Morales and gets Heavy. For real depth, Hitchcock" I accept "in 1953 shows how it really should be done. On the contrary, this piece of trivial nonsense shows how bare cupboards meaning were in the factory dreams, and that when they went to rummage something that can mean something, all they could think of was, you guessed it, more than tinsel.
