The author of numerous novels, plays and short stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered one of the world's greatest authors in the course of his life, and, though his reputation has faded over the years of his work continues to command the respect and critically large reading public. Published in 1944, a razor blade is the story of a veteran of World War I, whose quest for spiritual enlightenment flies in the face of the small western values. It was the last major novel Maugham - and it was extremely popular. Given that the novel conflicts absorbed spiritual and philosophical questions, he was also a very odd choice for the film version - but Daryl F. Zannuck with 20th Century Fox fell in love with the book and snapped up the film rights soon after publication. <br /> <br /> for film submissions, razor blade were to be directed by the legendary George Cukor on the script of Maugham - and it seems that Maugham wrote the adaptation. When the film came out in mass production, however, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, director of the lesser-known artistic touch than a doer manner, and Maugham scenario one on Lamar Trott was replaced, the author of such memorable scenarios as OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, recently returned from military service during World War II, was cast as a spiritual conflict Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauties of her age, was cast as secular Isabell Bradley. supporting cast was particularly prominent, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucile Watson, and Elsa Lanchester. And the budget and shooting schedule were generous, and if the film made its debut in 1946, he was very fond of the public and critics. <br /> <br /> But time has a way of putting things in perspective. Seen today, razor blades really beautifully made film - but that aside the very best we can say is that it reaches a fairly consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the main problem is the script. Despite the fact that close enough to the new Maugham story from the point of view, it is evident in the mark in terms of nature and does not reflect the fundamental problems that govern history. We are told that Larry in search of enlightenment; We are told that he receives it; we were told that he acts on it - but, in spite of occasional and largely superficial comments, we never really talked about anything spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes for any of it. We most especially do not say anything significant about the nature of enlightenment. This has the effect of cutting off the story on his lap. <br /> <br /> We are left with a shell Moema section, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, female Larry loves the leaves of the growing ideological riff that opens up between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were better known physical beauty than talent, but also can become a good performance when they received a solid directing and script support. Unfortunately, this does not occur here; they are very one note and power greatly miscast in addition. Fortunately, the supporting cast is pretty good, with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb, and Lucile Watson especially so; then known speech Anne Baxter, however, were not as well as one would hope. <br /> <br /> At the time of a little less than two and a half hours, the film also feels too long. There is an endless cocktail type banter, and the entire sequence of India (which reads like a little oars) better than would have been cut entirely - a strange situation, because it is very sequence is the essence of the film. Regardless of the particular scene, it all just seems to go on and on, not to the actual point. <br /> <br /> As for the DVD, the film has not been remastered, but the printing is very good, and while the bonus package is not particularly memorable nor noticeably poor. When all is said and done, I give a razor blade four stars for the production values ​​and the willingness of each to take the material - but to be honest, it's a movie, it is better to leave the power and Tierney fans who will use it for the stars, and those whose ideas of spiritual enlightenment are vague, like the film itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
