What if Somerset Maugham wrote a novel about a miner who has decided to seek the transcendent enlightenment, trying to enter the country club? If he were, he would call her on the razor's edge, as the Katha Upanishad tells us, "the razor sharp edge is difficult to pass, so the wise say the path to salvation is hard." But Maugham decided to stick to good parenting class, and so we have a version of Larry Darrell Zanuck, recently returned from the First world war, well-groomed, well-connected in the community and commitment to find yourself becoming miners. <br /> <br /> Or, Maugham tells us: "He is a young man whom I write. He is not known. Maybe, when, finally, his life is coming to an end, he will not leave more traces of his stay on this earth than a stone thrown into the river leaves on the water surface. However, it may be that the way of life he chose for himself may have a greater influence on their brethren, so long after his death, perhaps it will be realized that living in this age, very different creature. " <br /> <br /> razor's edge is all cultural tastes Zanuck that money can buy. This is so serious, so sincere ... so conceit. Larry comes to searching for wisdom, working in mines, on merchant ships, climbing a Himalayan mountain in order to learn from the ancient sage, we selfish girlfriend, Isabelle plays Gene Tierney, his tragic childhood chum played by Anne Baxter, pathetic and impeccably dressed uncle girlfriend plays Clifton Webb, himself Willie Maugham, played by Herbert Marshall notes. The film is so unbearably smug about the good, the only thing that is a little animated is Clifton Webb as Elliott Templeton. "When I live to be a hundred, I'll never understand how any young person can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has some good lines, but the wind assessing Clifton Webb, not Elliott Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted prestige hit for the twentieth century, when it acquired the rights to the novel Maugham. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. He was confident that they were well-dressed additional dozen, score, which sounds as if it were intended for the cathedral, and he even wrote a few scenes himself. The force as a self-conscious, like a fat man dressed in a tuxedo rented. Despite Hollywood's view of things in the razor's edge, I can tell you that for most people, hard work does not bring enlightenment, only fatigue and low wages. <br /> <br /> After nearly two and a half hours, the last time we saw Larry with his duffel bag on board a tramp steamer in the storm. He will work his way back to America from Europe with a satisfied smile on his face. "My dear," said Isabelle Somerset Maugham at the same time in the artfully decorated living room, "Larry found what we all want, and that very few of us ever. I do not think that someone can not be better and nobler, kinder to his knowledge. see, my dear, good is still the greatest force in the world ... and he got it! "Larry and the viewers as the need a healthy dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> Maugham, lest we forget, was an excellent writer of plays, novels, essays and short stories. To see how the movie would do him justice, to look like some of his stories have been brought to the screen in Encore, trio and quartet. And instead of spending time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Laurence Durrell. Alexandria Quartet good read.
