In the summer of 1979, when this film was one of the key in this new movie called HBO environment, the gas line was summer and the Iranian hostage crisis Summer. mood change was to the end of a low-budget, lone-on-mission vehicle films, although the "Smokey and the Bandit" has kept the need-for-click rate occurs as a live-action Roadrunner cartoons for several years. «Corvette Summer» how bizarre as any previous film as "Vanishing Point" and "Dirty Mary", when it is easier and sexier than most. Just-finished, high school automotive genius Kenneth (Hamill) hitchhiking in Las Vegas in pursuit of a carjacking ring, tore his shop class masterpiece, super-custom, the right drive Vette. In the spiritual limbo of 15 wilderness (see "Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas"), he finds himself in a custom van (yes, it was the end of the tail van mania, too) tricked out as a mobile brothel & Driven by arrogant, trying Hooker Vanessa (Potts), on her way to Sin City, to make it, well, then, that this ambitious prostitutes do. Vanessa, get it? Shy, innocent Kenneth in way over his head in Las Vegas, only with his all-American determination and his new friends to help him, though uncompromising young girl call less predictable world wise than it first appears. Why does the "I am a woman" age, Vanessa invest her talents, money & the future of the world's oldest but least worthy profession for, say, college or even a barber shop, you can explain to young people who would like to think that all women are at least consider the joy of this career path. Remember, your target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for Whitebread Kenneth (car did not even belong to him personally, but also to his school), which will not be deterred from their goal through violence, money, or even love - until he finds out why the car was indeed stolen. Potts works with style and energy, but Vanessa is too incredible to any but the most gullible of testosterone car buy. The bad guys are placed on a person wonder, especially in the always-thin Brion James. But there is not a lot of action and it is not a film that can be implemented by means of dialogue, plot twists or Heavy themes. You can always reach, turn the TV plug & drive in the console «Pong». Similar, but meaner Chris Mitch vehicle "Skat", which appeared around the same time, showed lamer acting, but more skin, speed & mayhem. The best features of each movie may have made the movie worth remembering Corvette. Thus, Trans Am muscle left to manage cash showroom. We have forgotten the car movie brought back from the dead a fine weekend series "wire-speed" Lost Drive-in.
