54 film about the club so that the name of the era in a climate 70s. It has a classic good-looking bartender. Sexy women. High power holder. Party. If all intertwined with chaos comes, and the bartender (played by Philip) appears to be on the severity of it. <br /> <br /> I'm going to be blunt and honest as possible, avoiding any unfair or untrue public comments (like what is "normal" film). I really think it is quite pathetic film is complemented by a terrible shot. Every time I sit down to watch a film casting Salma Hayek, I'm always waiting to see her beauty, brightly expressed at the same time with great performance, but the reality always reminds me rather sharply, as totally worthless she is. I mean, in fact, that she has ever commanded the masses, but her huge dance on a table in the "From Dusk Till Dawn" ...? The same goes for Ryan Phillippe, another bad actor that does not It gives anything on the screen, but his good looks and insanely boring facade otherwise known as the "action". Mike Myers, it's not quite as bad as the 2, he would at least give the film something worthy. Game seedy, extroverted co-founder of Club 54. The type of surveillance will hate the most (ie, a job well done), he puts in a convincing performance of a few, which gave me the rare pleasure of the movie. But, unfortunately, this is not enough to save the film from its wanton and flat worthlessness. Most of the "bad" bad movies I find to take something from the film, but it has nothing to do with it, actually. Neve Campbell is not so bad, but she's just "there." The storyline is boring, it seems, the author of more bent on making a film of this style and embellishment and forgot to add anything else. Any value. Any class. Whatever. Because, like most of the decorations, they are just empty meaningless objects that are just pretty to look at as it seems based on this disastrous film. <br /> <br /> A truly hour and half the time I could spend the better to do something much more exciting, how to talk to 90-year-old relatives on the phone about the weather.
