If you hit your teens in the 70s, like me, you probably remember the stories about Studio 54, there whether you like it or not disco. Exclusive club, it was the perfect symbol of the '70s cultural indulgence and self-centeredness; there is even a great VH1 documentary about the club, who could tell you everything you wanted to know about his prime and quite interesting stories easy to produce a very exciting movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is not it. 54 follows the lives of several of his employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a busboy named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a coat-check girl, Anita (Hayek), and, of course, the master of the ceremony, Steve Rubel (Mike Meyers). While well-represented on the habits of the club, it is the film belongs more with the personal lives of workers, after the story of Shane closer. <br /> <br /> The film works jerks. Sometimes it fully reflects the superficiality of an overnight culture (for example, when Shane taken for lunch and did not know who "Errol Flint" is), and other times he waxes melodrama hockey. Some inherent in the room ?? Following improvised as they mingle in the world of the rich and fabulous ?? but a lot of it is due to glove treatment of a child, with which both the club and the Rubell shown throughout the film. Although, of course, Rubell electrified the stage in New York with his penchant for over-the-top spectacle and its exclusive hand-picking of the crowd every night, irrepressible sexuality and drugs only briefly touched upon; and Rubell himself, while his excesses are mentioned, come off surprisingly positive for a guy who was in the life of a liar, a cheat, drug addicts and promiscuous as all hell. Not what I was looking for a person to be pilloried here, but his ego directly contributed to the downfall of his club and to reduce the overnight culture, which he helped raise. The final scene where he looks down at the regulars fatherly so emotionally false as to be absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers makes every effort to capture the ruble, but it is so little to work with is amazing, his performance, taking into account an effective; but it is good, and it helps to secure the film. Philip, I think, in general, to be a good actor, it's lame here superficiality and stupidity of his character; it is bounded not to understand surly frown deer-in-lights or smile, and even it can not translate that high productivity. Hayek and Meyer both fine, again, is undermined by the letter, and Neve Campbell ?? prominently on the cover DVD ?? is so short, it really has an extended cameo. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I still wonder, even fascinated by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even taking into account that this is not a film, which is especially engaged with me, in spite of the tendency to like. I would say that if this age, or club, has any interest for you to track down the VH1 special, not this centrist melodramas.
