At first glance, Ruiz set to make a psychological thriller. Although this is not as a classic piece in this genre, there is compensation. Generated tensions between Huppert and Balibar women quietly but carefully on the war because of the boy, they both claimed to be convincing; However, in true European art-house style, Ruiz gives us the release of this tension, as the women alternately also try to behave sympathetically towards each other. Only raised his voice, that in waking from a nightmare Huppert (indisputable irrational events in the film). <br /> <br /> In fact, when we will follow the title, the film is only the skeleton of his thriller Jane Campion's In The Cut. Instead it intergender psychological research with a focus on men. Boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides on the joke, playing his mother emotionally vulnerable against another woman. Both women seem to appease him, not criticize, and this exacerbates the problem. In the background is the intemperate psychologist (Charles Berling), quick to confront the women in his life - his sister Huppert, nanny or his - and thus acting as a symbolic counterweight adult, calm and (we learn) manipulative Camille, particularly interesting that, as the father in Henry James's Turn of the screw, Denis Podalides law-enforcer father is absent throughout the film. Ruiz fashion moment of Oedipal Huppert reaction to his return to the family. <br /> <br /> Read the film either as a thriller or a psychiatric essay, the film ultimately quite disappointing. I am officially, but tired by Madame Huppert screen, which is also buried, so I'll be looking to see her on stage, before I go back to it - again (European enjoyed Heaven's Gate) movies. Support good. Ruiz does not contribute to roll though. Quite apart from some low light and some deliberately odd shots, it seemed to him the direction of left characteristic completely out of reach - I mean especially shamanic neighbor Edita stapled to Isabella, the current prototype, but communicates confused. Mounting parts are not linked to the management of the plot forward - tension I mentioned not only weakly scattered, but lost his orientation potential <br /> <br /> He wants to see a good modern French thriller.? Go and see L'Appartement instead. 4/10
