I absolutely despise this film. Not surprisingly, Jose Larraz «did not deny" it at some point and refuses to discuss. I admire the work of Larraz, especially the more inarticulate slasher / thriller as a sex maniac or SKRYAT SAVAGE LUST AND DIE. His work has a kind of inevitable artiness about it, he can not seem to avoid, in part to his high career as an artist and cartoonist. It's too bad that he had never done a western, his vision would be ideal. <br /> <br /> black candle is easily his most famous film, and probably the most famous after masterpiece Vampyres. And this fame revolves around a single scene, where a satanic coven plays a strange ritual involving removing the reproductive fluid goat - symbolizes the beast - in some sickening balms for use in the preparation of the homeless, as the sister of a man who was killed for her role as Satan's bride. The scene in question is delivered in a way that looks quite convincing even without displaying any goat sanitary device can be endowed with, based on the theatrical actress to work, to play in the ritual of the petitioner and a lot of throat singing in the processed film music sounds in half a dozen films, attributed Jacinto Molina. The perverse nature of the scene implies more than indicated in graphic detail, a higher degree of knowledge of what is said, the applicant is actually the teenager age daughter satanic priests. My, but they are fun to come up with this film. <br /> <br /> The problem with it is that there is not much deconstruction or contemplate apart from paper thin Rosemary's Baby derivative history women who weaned her role in Bride of Satan on the Sabbath refined Satanists living in hedgrowed Outlands with a very sinister UK. Headed Eurohorror feeling Helga line of Satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, land magnates who have the upper crust and other dignitaries who actually owes his professional success in the devil worship. All you need to do is to sell your soul, and the world can be yours, just watch who you can sell to recoup the small personal conflict, or you may end up felched ball. <br /> <br /> film tries to combine this trip with a heady satanic host of the border or graphic sex, and should properly be regarded as a kind of culmination of the summit, or sex, and the horrors of the Spanish thriller tradition, popularized in part Mr. Malin and Ms line and that was surprisingly flourished under the disapproving eye of Generalissimo Franco, the dictator, who controlled Spain until 1976 while he lived his decree, that the Spanish cinema was supposed to be free of graphics on the floor screen. Spanish producers are often two versions of his films, one of the sex for its hidden screens and one of fornication on display for export. As difficult as it was for the filmmakers to express the result was a kind of an interesting tension that usually results when artists flirting with the forbidden: Spanish horror of the 1970s has a very special flavor to it, which is somewhat of an acquired taste. It is not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in a bizarre turn of events, without the influence of their culture on the Franco Spanish horror kind of dried up in the late 1970s, when their Gothic castles and demonic orgy suddenly found the passé when compared to new sensations as JAWS and the phenomenon of STAR WARS. And without limitation Franco flooding them suddenly opened graphic thriller, which fell from the pipes in a very late 70s / early 80s, of which the black candle is perhaps the best known due to its emphasis on sexual deviations with barnyard animals. basic horror Larraz »always revolved around sexual taboos (in lesbianism with Vampyres, incest Creek and die deviation), but here the effect of fornication, to overshadow the rest of the production. Nobody cares about anything other than traditional censor trip to Goat Barn, and watch the cut scene in the version without the shed almost an exercise in pointlessness. Sex is not enough graphics to assess how porn and trembling entirely cool enough to appreciate how horror <br /> <br /> So, black candles, in fact, the study of the behavior -. Here's how the high society of British Satanists may behave in their separate shrines in the West Midlands, or any other. Sex scenes between the actors / actresses sit and have a lot of discussion. The best thing is that the film will be it for her, no doubt, oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, with most of his actions that occur in tightly sealed interior of the mansion of Mrs. character line. Almost every avenue debauchery hints so amateur soft core sex with loud games hinting supernatural horror will be amused, and, of course, the trusted sex offenders among us will enjoy choking chickens in goat barn scene. But the final conclusion of the film is stupid, pretentious, intelligence insulting and probably ideal for such an otherwise forgettable exercise in applied cheaply <br /> <br /> 2/10. Without Goat Barn this film just is not the same, and with a stage, it's probably a bit too much for most viewers. Larraz was right to disown it.
