Note to self only because the film is a foreign, obscure, and stars Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean anything good. Such is the case with the "Blue juice," a 1995 Brit flick about an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts is that it would seem (to mute American, at any rate) is even more unlikely place to find surfers in Cornwall, England. You might think that it has the makings for a fun, quirky little comedy. If only. The film is a little more than ninety minutes, but it seems to be endless. The easiest way to describe it as a kind of "British version 90 of" Grease "without dancing, but even that makes it sound better than it is. No, the best way to take it as a small set of naturalistic in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman living with a surfing instructor, JC (Pertwee, you remember it). Pertwee is really the star of the film, and his character is something of a surfing legend in a small group of dedicated surf required oddball group of free spirits, which inevitably inhabit films like this. In this case, it consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former DJ night club that wants to be a producer, and a thick brake guy who, in vain extended scene gets all the buzz and lose their inhibitions, of course, is the most the best thing that ever happened to him. I can not honestly say that everything that happens in the "Cote d'juice" is predictable, since it is set in place, and reflects the customs and manners, I'm not very familiar, but there is, of course, nothing surprising or even wondering what's going on or with the characters. Comedy, though, is very predictable and tired. One can feel a mile adjustment, and almost read the dialogue (in the form of an American, of course) before the actors. Relationship between JC Chloé each bit is worn out. She wants him to grow up; he wants to keep them, they began to be impetuous teenagers. He is afraid to lose face with his gang; she thinks that he prefers them to her. You get the idea. I struggled to stay focused on the "blue juice" until the end, I felt, as they say, it was an hour and a half of my life I will never go back.
