For about five minutes, and I could see where this title. A bunch of high school kids are annoying administration and thoughts about starting school foment rebellion. I told my girlfriend that if she is below 5 on IMDb, I'll go and read a book. He received a 5.0, so she persuaded me to go for the view. How good? Well, it's a good thing, this film does not have a history, because you will certainly be distracted from his editing. It's like a student a picture that has been broken by one of the teachers, all the frames of the film was cut in an accident with a meat grinder, and the left half of the stock destroyed, with the other half merging into two second bits. Even a ten second scene of local television news, there are about six cuts and three different points of view. And then there is mounting. It is all set to electronic music, which alerts you of another assembly, so as Pavlov's dog, you start to cringe every time you hear it, about every three minutes. Oh, I had to say what is good about this movie. Well, the film was shot very well, with a good color palette that is well coordinated emotional content - for example, there was a - scene. Well, now with the film drawback, and it was not a story, or lack thereof. The director made this fatal mistake will lead you in error about people and situations, rather than common narrator, but being very selective about what to show on the main characters. It's just a hoax. I believe that he did it to the central character more likeable. But it just became clear annoying. If the story is full of holes, it is not good, trying to fix it by misdirecting the viewer. And often it did not even make sense. And then the end. Basically, the main villain of the world appears to be a good guy when a coward. In addition, it turns out that it seemed the whole point of the movie that you have to stand for what is right in his head, according to the already mentioned disorientation, and makes it a point about the nature of revolutions that has already been done, and much better on the animal farm . He also made what I call Bill Cosby sin, no matter how things may seem at first, in the end the adults are always right and children are always wrong. And let's face it: if you're not with me, it's just not so.
