When this film was released in 1997, "special effects", such as they were poor. They were dated even for the 1980s, and even some movies made in the 1970s and 1960s was the same or better job SFX. Of course, no one who is involved in the production of this film was not looking for an Oscar. This wild departure from conventional material directed Fred deer Rey, most of which has the word "bikini" in the title (bikini pirates bikini Chain Gang, bikini Girls of the Lost Planet, etc.) and is slightly larger than the click T & A and here we are with the film rated «U» and aimed directly at the little children. You have to give him credit for the diversification of the !! It was a minor cult straight to video, which later resulted in a couple of sequels - Invisible Mom 2 and invisible dad. Dee Wallace-Stone (whose career went downhill rapidly after the 1982s «ET) plays the" invisible mom "movie titles and will return in the sequel. Tamblyn (whose career was in freefall even longer, since the 1961s »West Side Story") plays Dr. Woorter villain It is probably fair to say that most of the actors were spot on in their career where they are willing to work almost anything just to pay the bills this month -.. except maybe young Trenton Knight and Josh is pretty talk, however, that although he worked before this film, the child actor is not running again after sequel «Invisible Mom 2. "Perhaps the movie was cursed. in the end, it was not that bad. this movie for a child actor, he's very good -. not better or worse than any of his more experienced fellow stars <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, the "invisible" effects do not run away from here, to put it mildly, the direction of bad writing clear and acting is nothing to write home about. there are a lot of grief RSE movies out there, though, and for those who are about ten ages, this film will not, without a doubt, quite watchable. Most adults probably want make a disappearing act on their own, and it's at, and I would not blame them one bit!
