Sammy's Horne (Michael Des Barres) is the chef and owner of the famous restaurant in California. He has a beautiful wife, Grace Horn (Ryazanov Arquette), who is pregnant, and handsome son of about five years. Sammy really loves his family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he is living a double life, having sex with many women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) tries to help him. Well, it's my fault: I read the summary of the other comments IMDB users, I saw the rating IMDB user, but I do not think that Ryazanov Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad film. I decided to check it out, and in fact some of the comments are very happy. The storyline, script and dialogues are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some X-rated films, which we can find a more intelligent stories. Photo is so amateurish and naive, that in some areas, it seems to be accepted through VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres does not make sense is ridiculous: in the old man, bald, would be acceptable in advertising Viagra or grandfather of a little boy. But how attractive the person who receives and has sex with any woman, it's scary. In the comedy Wood Elena, maybe he's got a chance, but in the movie `serious, it's ridiculous. I'm trying to figure out why and how Ryazanov Arquette and Nastassja Kinski took part in such a horrible, amateur and trash cinema. Do they need the money? No chance in the best films, because of their age? Are they friends `Directors' (sorry for using this word), and decided to help and promote it? I do not know whether it was the intention of Ryazanov Arquette to show their breasts full of silicone, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress takes such a scenario. The same applies to the lovely Anastasia Kinki. She is represented by fat, no makeup, no glamor. Complete lack of respect for one of the most beautiful actresses in film history. The fact that really intrigued me, as a reader, without any personal interest, to promote this garbage, which gives higher ratings or write positive reviews about this film? Are they friends' directors "(again, I use that word ...) or plaster? It sounds very strange to me that a normal reader IMDB might like this movie. . My voice two <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): `Viciado Em Sexo '(' Addicted Sexually ')
