You can not deny that we have an affinity for speed. That's why such movies as Fast and Furious, Dhoom, Rempit did get to play on the audience satisfaction, especially local. We live on a small island, and I can not understand why, for the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want to go into debt, having a set of wheels, which come from 100% tax if they reach our shores, and myriads taxes and bills to pay when working alone. Not only is the high end sports cars were once quipped prominent politician in the north, they will never reach the fourth gear, so they do not reach the sea. <br /> <br /> And these films are relatively easy to do. Hot Wheels and Hot chicks always go down well together in the desired demographic targeting. At this time, those falling expression revealing supernatural buxom and short skirts accentuating feet long, two meters, can not compete with the attention to those beautiful curves that possess exotic cars in movies such as these. Of course, there are among us (ahem) the ones that go on the portrayal of women sexist as mere sexual objects (otherwise explain why car dealerships come with truck models and films, such as they can not do without a long-legged models in the frame), however, they do not justify a kind of collective orgasmic sigh when four ATVs come on the screen, even if they do not do nothing at all, and have their own mechanisms in the park. The guy sitting next to me, I swear it to moisten his pants every time it appears the car (s) of sleep, and his cream trousers even more when he hears the groans of roaring engine. <br /> <br /> So what we have is the fan boys who turned out in droves to watch only what recent steep wheelbarrows get signs in the film. With the Fast and Furious franchise, the Japanese model as Evos and Skylines take CenterStage, as GT. Here, Ford GT takes on an incredibly drool-worthy modifications facade that even I'm impressed, along with the latest models like the Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GTs, Koenigsegg CCXs, and every car out there that has wings for doors. But seriously, my heart goes out to the cars every time they are ruthless broken just for fun. I mean, it's thin, high performance model, which are on top of motoring, but also because those who financed the film was to undermine millions, they do it because they can, <br /> <br /> There there is no history in the Redline, just an excuse to raise the film full of beauties (cars that is), which may tear down the asphalt in perhaps the most boring fashion possible, and with the usual arrows pedals (always accelerator, mind, tapping the brake pedal is tantamount to blasphemy, and do not earn any respect ), Steering wheel, gear shift (always moves upwards, not down), all of them having the actors pretend that they are more dangerous donkeys with the engine roaring and giving each other dirty looks. Not a very tall order for an actor, and that's why we get the most woeful performances ever, with lines that seem to be written by elementary school students. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, he made a statement that the girls can control) Natasha (very plastic looking for Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those millions of dollars are - a girl with model looks, who do not mind getting down on knees and immersed in the oil, who has a racing pedigree within it, and performs with rock band singing songs with lyrics that are just ridiculous (each line had to do with the car, and when they sing about love, just string these insinuations as switching transmission shafts, grease and going for a ride). Injected against her will in illegal racing Gangsta called Infamous (Eddie Griffin), she gets drawn into family quarrels with Leo DiCaprio look-alikes Iraq war veteran, and some of the running lecherous looking rich uncle. Everything else is, as I said, just an excuse for the film to go from race to race. <br /> <br /> And it's almost always the same, that there are very limited to what you can do to increase tension between the racing cars, especially if you know that the race is falsified (for descriptive reasons) and can to see the outcome of the race a mile from the finish line. While Fast and Furious was pretty charismatic actors, and I put my head on the chopping block, calling Paul Walker, Sun Kang, and, of course, the star he created - Vin Diesel, Redline was not just a beautiful person with a lot of air unfortunately . It looks like a TV movie in its treatment from the get go, with very fresh opening sequence, where one person, one car, and the race is 105 minutes depending on the time to get to Vegas. <br /> <br /> If there is no car, then this movie is seriously a piece of junk, bad acting, bad lines and bad actions. Strictly for car lovers, or anyone who loves movies with countless flocks of beautiful women who pimp their bodies without any speaking lines.
