There is a scene in this movie about 42 minutes, which is among the worst I've seen in a while. As F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheila Graham (Deborah Kerr) are lounging on the beach, all of a sudden things become tense and Sheila begins to cry - at which point she says to his beloved on her reverse past. This "dramatic scene" becomes so terribly exaggerated and simulated I could not turn to my wife and exclaim how foolish it was ... like dramatic music swelled on television, how it all came to a crescendo false. NOBODY experiencing moments like this - nobody. Now, as most of the rest of the film, however, I can not say, but this time was ridiculously bad, and how to fake Rolex in the $ 8 - and leads me to believe that some other reviewers were right - the film a lot of bunk . However, I am not an expert in the life of these two people, and the internet does not seem to figure it out, either. <br /> <br /> Just one F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheila Graham and that their relationship is really like? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, does not seem to be different from what I had seen in the film. He was courteous and decent man, whom we first see in the film? Well, considering that he was married at the same time he carried on with Graham and drank like a fish, I would suggest that he was not. Was it as bad and boorish as we later see in the film? Maybe, but if it was that bad yet, Ms. Graham remained with him, it makes it to be a complete dummy - and not someone you'd like to see featured in the film. And if he was not, the film makes a bad bear his memory. In any case, it's made for a painful and not particularly pleasant viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The total amount of this film seems to be a tale of two not particularly nice or healthy people. In a dark and obscene way, some of them may find it all very interesting, but most of them are sure to see it as a train wreck with no surprises along the way! It's unpleasant, but with glossy production values ​​(in particular music, which was lovely, but the path from the top) raises the question of "why they even decided to do it in the first place?". Bottom line - this is a very bad movie all around, and probably not worth your time - even if, like me, you're a big fan of Gregory Peck.
