This is more than the budget of the film is usually the director for Honda genre (more obviously complex sets) ?? although the special effects still that distinctive cheesiness to it (witness giant bats and rodents on the display). It also uses a surprising amount of American actors Joseph Cotten plays a visionary academic looks bad at-ease and gentle (But, then, that his character must be 204 years old!), Richard Zhekelo is harmless photographer hero while as the main villains we get Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (as a matter of fact, mannerisms). As I have often said, I grew up watching English movies dubbed in Italian ?? but the rumor of Hollywood actors in Japanese is quite another matter! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels the juvenile version of the typical Jules Verne adventure, and quite interesting at this level; in fact, it is preferable variations shoddy Honda formula monster-on-the excitement of the inherent charm of the bizarre setting in this case. The plot includes abduction known scientist Romero ?? he intended to establish themselves in the underwater, technologically advanced city, invented by Cotten (which recruit leading minds in the world). We were treated to a lot of stupid battles between rival submarine, but the most amusing scenes, of course, the attack on the cave Romero ?? in fact, Cotten do somersaults and driving away people in rubber suits must certainly count as the nadir of his acting career (through the flames and the laser emitted from his glove!); another senior in plaster, Romero more in its element ?? In the end, he was the Joker BATMAN TV series and movies of the 1960s! Cotten has poorly dressed blonde doctor on his team, and helps clumsy Asia; Romero, on the other hand, adjacent to the eastern femme fatale ?? which, however, end up getting a raw deal for her efforts (the girl brain, eventually transplanted into a hybrid of a lion and the condor ?? which is one of the phoniest-looking creatures you've ever seen!). Apparently, a set of 2-disc of one of the media blasters streets that day !!
