Fortunately, I did not pay to see this movie. In addition, I can not reveal any spoilers, because I'm willing to go through forty minutes of the film. It was bad. I laughed once, when Yahoo! billboard fell on a guy, and the song came on. However, it was only because I thought it would make fun, but then I realized that it was another product placement. <br /> <br /> I loved the cartoon. I watched it almost religiously. (Although I missed the last episode. I heard that they show Dr. Claw, and it was no more than a claw someone a comment on the show) Cartoons was Penny and the brain is much more than the film was as up to that point. I hated the installation of all the things that remind us of Robocop. Then Broderick screw with all the sense of Inspector Gadget. He is not as clumsy as the cartoon was. Another fact is that his device actually works at a place I've seen, with the exception of the oil slick. It also tightened with «Wowsers» tone that used to be in an excited tone. I felt so disappointed that they killed the cartoon so bad. All others felt that way as well. We were 14-17-year-old remembers fondly a cartoon, and we loved every minute. <br /> <br /> I went to the movie with an open mind, knowing that they would have been tight with the cartoon. I was taken aback, as the film has been slow. It was based on gags and silly humor to the dialogue. Disney depends on pain and physical humor to push kids movie together. Product Location does not make sense in this movie, and it shows. Wise-cracking of the car is not as good cracking wise. These gadgets look nice, but they were almost too glossy. Cartoon was better look. Silly scenes were crap. In 40-45 minutes, I was watching a movie, not a laugh to be heard, and they were laughing at Dudley Do-Right-preview. This film should not be under the care of people who want their intelligence in family entertainment. I highly recommend «The Iron Giant», which was boring, but very good. This film is a parody of all the family drama .------------ 1
