You may want to know up front that I'm not Mormon, in contrast to the significant number of those who have already reviewed this film. I mention this to make you understand that, as I look at the film may be very different from those in the faith. For some, being critical of the film can be seen as critical of faith - and this is not my intention. Thus, my review is that an outsider trying to look inside and find out more about who was this man and his people. Well, after watching the movie, I doubt if I learned much at all. Since I was a history teacher, I have a good general idea of ​​the young, as well as Joseph Smith, as well as the teachings of the church. But who wants to watch this film to really learn anything, is likely to be disappointed, because the film seems so gosh-darn good - too good and too unrealistic in his image. In addition, you will learn almost nothing about other beliefs of the Church than they are good people, hard work, and some have many wives (and this last part a little hints in the film). Instead, people are almost cartoonish in their simplified images. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young, and their followers angelic Mormon AEs were all devils and Donlevite (play EXACTLY the same as Edward G. Robinson played later in the Ten Commandments) is a rebel who claims that Mormons and just comes so that the film may have a bad guy. It's all so very simple .... too easy. . Almost like indoctrination movie or advertisement <br /> <br /> Brigham Young in particular was a very complex man - a lot of good points (excellent organizer and visionary) and bad (not even get me started on his idea of ​​the Blacks in the church or marriage ). In order to display it in such vague terms that's just stupid. This is also a lot like how Gandhi was portrayed in the film with Ben Kingsley - only the facts that led to his being almost super-people were backed up. Damn, now that I think that this is a problem with the majority of religious films - they often come off as one-dimensional, banal and fresh. Let's have a full and more than full movie these people -. One that will stick to the facts and not emotional appeals <br /> <br /> Now that you can ignore the fact that you will not learn a lot about faith or a second leader, the film quite enjoyable. Obviously, someone at the 20th Century Fox really cared about the film, as they had a great cast of both leading actors (Tyrone Power), up-and-coming actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price), and outstanding character actor (Dean Jagger John Carradine and Donlevi). The film also had excellent filming locations and lots of gloss. It just was not a lot to tell us, except they were "swelling". In addition, there were many factual errors and a few dumb scene. Some of the errors include Young taking over the helm immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (it was three years later), no mention of the different denominations and the Mormon splinter groups, talk about "gold in California" - despite the that was one thousand eight hundred forty-seven and gold will not be found until 1948, as well as any specific mention of polygamy or multiple wives Smith. Simply dumb includes Carradine pulling out a gun and waving it about in the hall of the court scene - and no one seemed to care - despite the fact that it was a very hostile audience! Do you think, at least, the judge told him to put it aside and stop threatening people with it? <br /> <br /> One last comment. Nia, I repeat, do not watch this movie if he showed the American film Classics (with one large station, which has come a lot in recent years). Although I am critical of the film because of its simplistic messages, I was horrified with complete disrespect station was for the church and its traditions. What I mean is. The film is punctuated with the formula penis advertising, as well as tones of pop-ups (some promotional show, which shows the "sexiest actor"). It is about disrespect and gross and I would be just as offended if they did it for any other religious film. By doing this, they not only insult the faith, but also the marginalization of the market - after all, who are hearing about these things and about the life of Brigham Young? This is a film in such a way that you can show your children or recommend to others?
