Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager turned to Satan (LSD), her fiance Richard archaeologist. There's an area of ​​the hippie cult demon hanging on local decrepit ancient castle where Richard Leila and drink the blood drop drugs, engage in sexual orgies, psychedelic rock lame to dance and participate in the black mass ceremonies where children wear pants, mask and cape and women do not wear anything at all. Unfortunately, these kinds of extracurricular activities open to the left Leila possession of the terrible "evil spirits". Leila also comes from a family twist, which does not help. Her older brother, John, a hermit, who seems to be in love with her. Her mother, Patricia (Maria tickle) is depressed, because she thinks that it is responsible for the death of his father. On top, her sister (Mary by Kosti) is indecent floor of the golfer by the name of (gasp!) Debbie Gibson. There's plenty of hired help around and spend more time. Two maids (young, who takes her clothes a lot and the old one, who is spying on everyone), as well as Udo (Luis indanyl) Lisov spying business executive who is spying Leila dressing, taking nude photos of her and sneaks into the pool house to take sniff her recently used a bathing suit. Oh yeah, and Borg, pet German Shepherd. <br /> <br /> Our Father Paul Adrian Dunning, who doubt the priest (ZZZZZ), which starts snooping around after John and Richard of both have their heads twisted around backward. Laila tells him, "They say I'm twisted and I'm going to prove it to be true!" At the time of her birthday, she says its guests "It makes me sick! I hate you all! "And when my mother said to have a doctor come to her, she screams," I do not want to see that fat ass! "Debbie believes that they commit Leila to" Plumbing ", but Leila escapes and rejoins the cult. She saves (again) and brought home (the third time). <br /> <br /> At this point in the film, there are only about ten minutes left to go, and all that we mostly saw some very boring scene characters speak and whining about how terrible and f-ed to their lives and Leila acting strangely. It is almost as painful to sit through as a film by Andy Milligan, minus the blood and laughs. But finally, in the last few minutes of the film we get the name implies - an exorcist, as the possession of Flick. Unfortunately, most of these are contact lenses Leila gets to wear. Some cheap lapse oblique appear on the hands, feet and face, she gets scabby lips and her eyes take on the appearance of blue and white marble. She starts reeking of rotted flesh, spit up some clear rubbish begins to speak the voice of his late father, sneaks into the bedroom of her mother, slaps her around a bit, and calls her a "dirty bitch whore." The father, Adrian comes, now, finally, considers she really has, parried her attempts to deceive, hallucinates a frog and pimples in the kitchen and pours holy water Leila. The doors open and close, the mirror is broken, there is a sudden thunder and her bed is raised off the floor. Once she decides to Dunning and two roll down the stairs, the spirit of it, and - guess who? Why, Borg family pooch! Demon dog then turns to Adrian and chews it up a bit before he stabs it to poker. Then we get one of the most annoying of the final shots ever committed to film. This is Leila on the floor, which comes from its hideous appearance back to normal sexual identity. But there is one single frame effect of this kind seems to suggest that the demon may again her body. It's so badly done, you really have no idea what to do with it, that is the final slap in the face to all those who have just realized that they wasted half an hour on this miserable POS. <br /> <br /> Screw contacts, 1 out of 10 it.
