... You can not exactly shove it aside, because it is old; and if you are charitable you could say that the ponderous gait she walks with not quite her wine. However, in these circumstances, it is often difficult not to be annoyed when you find yourself dragging your heels in the wake. So with "strangers funerals", an attempt to do something "different" in a romantic comedy, so is the main limping, because the place is all wrong; . Kind of like showing off their skills "break" at the funeral of a grandparent <br /> <br /> In order to further expand the metaphor (perhaps unwisely!); as the old woman, one begins to feel to the setting of the movie, his death can not be far away. Of course, it is this "death" is a painfully prolonged, slowly chipped away at our reserves of empathy in small increments, as we come to the depressing realization that the production is headed in only one direction: Downhill. His difficulty in an attempt to "humor" you can see a collection of a mile - again, not unlike the grim inevitability of death <br /> <br /> Returning to the image of "dragging the heels", the protagonist, Tom, run continuously repeat this action for throughout his life. If indeed there is a degree of "worthless", it is juice, perhaps some good expression in front of another Schwimmer - better known - role. In order to find itself in a difficult position to align sympathy audience with the character even more "ignorant" than Ross, of course, strictly even ask how "capable" comic artist like Schwimmer, but I believe he can find fault with for registering on some serious "repeating" the situation in the first place. <br /> <br /> How he ever escape his most famous picture, if it is picking up scenarios where characters could almost be "interchangeable," even if the situation Arena 't? People with long-term high school crush on someone he had not seen for many years. Sounds familiar ...? Paltrow nothing else, if not bland in its role of "Rachel", but it does have over the old ground, perhaps can be forgiven if the marked differences that are present they are not so ridiculous as well. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so well worn it threadbare, and the "background" is so absurd that it seems the best way to describe the resulting film is like something out of "hard" ...! 2/10.
