I am surprised by the amount of praise that heaped on the film other commentators. For me it was rather disappointing, especially the combination of historical facts, imagination and inner bustle of the hero does not work at all (in the book Vonnegut's Slaughterhouse-Five and even adaptation of George Roy Hill on the screen does). Accuracy is often overloaded. Too many questions remain open. Did I miss some of the central points? Or I did not notice the line that supposedly connect the dots? <br /> <br /> The boy called Campbell, Jr., is growing in upstate New York. In the house of his father has a lot of technical trade documents and one book. My photos mound of dead bodies in it. Boy leafing through books, his father does not like him to do it. What's that supposed to tell me? The family moved from New York to Berlin. BANG. It's 1938, a boy married man in Berlin and theater playwright. What he wrote the play? In what language? Is it successful? His wife, the actress and looks glamorous. The parents return to the United States and to invite them to his son to do the same. He did not. Why? Because growing up in Germany, he feels more German than American? Because he was successful? Because his wife? Because he loves his life there? Because he loves Nazis? Because he just lazy and do not like change? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Perhaps people just do not care, not interested in politics, it is a kind of existentialist. He claims that he was deeply in love with his wife. He talks about his country two (meaning that he and his wife). There is virtually no evidence of his love for his wife in the film, it is much more, it seems Republic One. <br /> <br /> Campbell US At the request agent, Jr., agrees broadcast antisemitic Nazi advocating against American listeners as a device for transmitting encrypted messages American authorities who read between the lines. The decisive meeting with the agent on a bench in the park in Berlin is short, uninteresting and anti Naivysočajšij, the decision to play swim quite easily, without explanation, to herald the rise seems to be unprecedented and apparently quickly. <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell Jr., presenting itself through the air like the last free American. The scheme for transmitting secret messages is quite realistic and exciting - though one wondered what happened when Campbell Jr., actually, and honestly were cough, hiccups, etc. (Messages must hurry scary). Anyway, the Nazis would lose the wife dies (touring Krymsk for German troops - I have never heard such tours really happened on the German front lines in World War II), Campbell, Jr., says that he is going to the Russian front, but not It is captured by an American soldier, who admits his mug (how?), runs on a guided tour to Auschwitz, then released and resettled with the help of Crucial agent somewhere in New York city. <, Br /> <br /> And this is where the story really begins <br /> <br /> BANG. Now it's like a short story of Paul Auster. It is one thousand nine hundred sixty-one Campbell, Jr., lives in New York City apartment as has-been and mourns his wife. Nobody cares - or are they? So, once they do, and its neighbors offer some distraction. Auschwitz survivors. Painter. Some American racists ?? discover "it and want it to be their figurehead. They even find it estimated dead his wife, and she was his wife? Anyway, in the end, Campbell, Jr., enters the Israeli consulate, and they helpfully give him a big war criminal treatment by placing it in a chamber adjacent to Adolf Eichmann. He wrote the story of his life and, as soon as the task is completed, hung on ribbons typewriter without the least bit of soot. <br /> <br /> while I can see that there has to be a question of guilt and loss, I just got the impression that the main character is a man who at all times is quite indifferent to everything, and it is unlikely able to love anyone. So I found it difficult to sympathize with this loser, who is mourning his loss. Surprisingly, many analysts focus on its status as a potential war hero, putting its reputation at stake for the game of the last free American. I suppose they think it took a lot of courage. in fact, however, and is, the film suggests that taking appointment Campbell has created for himself the situation, win-win, as it would not be politically on the safe side, no matter who won the war. The risk of it never comes opened during the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> It can be argued that the whole history of the fabulous fantasy and that no one should bother with historical accuracy and logical development of the story, which explains everything. But even then he was unable to make a point in the first place, I suspect, because love is in the Republic of Two falls completely flat. This is a pity, especially when you consider that his wife played by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. It is much too little screen time and is forced to use a funny German accent. Yet somehow neglected aspect are different texts (confession, broadcast and hidden messages), but I believe that this is largely unfilmable. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
