I'll keep an overview of the program as short as possible. Skip it. Low budget, not funny, lousy script. Acting is not quite as bad as the letter, but still bad. That's all you need to know, but I will continue to write for longer than necessary. <br /> <br /> it is a film with three segments, each of which is a parody of a different type of film. MUCH funnier movie with the same exact ideas of "movie about the movie" with George C. Scott. Very sad, but it's worth looking for. M. parodied movies of the 1930s, and did it with elegance, precision and dry wit. <br /> <br /> This film did not. He parodies the three types of films, presumably from the late '70s, early' 80s era, but it parodies movies ever (almost) never heard of. Firstly, I think, a parody of "Kramer vs. Kramer" in a sense. Peter Reigert doing everything possible, with a dirt poor script. Secondly, parody, with, I do not know that ... novel style? I mean, you can see a story like this for the entire duration of the TV service, but in a movie theater? I mean, I remember the 70s, I was there. It's like a soap opera parody flirtatious young woman who sleeps her way to power. This kind of thing is usually to parody themselves, so I do not see how it was even necessary. <br /> <br /> We are on the ground a little bit easier with the third segment, «The Municipalians», which parodies the police movies. I noticed the elements of the "New Centurians" and some "Dirty Harry", both of which were nearly 10 years old when the movie was created. Yes, beautiful and current. Robby Benson plays the idealistic young rookie (over-the-top snotty) while Widmark plays a grizzled veteran cop who drinks whiskey, sitting in a police car (OH! Stop! My hand! He actually drank alcohol in the car police! how irreverent!) Please note that this was the first film after «Animal House», attached to the name "National Lampoon". Wow. To go to the five years of this classic flick in this pile of manure is not nothing but a shock. I could watch the sad decline, which caused one of the most innovative and original voices in American humor (what National Lampoon, the original magazine about his first 10 years or so), to sell and start the long, moves slowly into the world of shit which is currently the magazine for a long time has passed, and it exists only as a brand to slam on the "comedy" movies for a fee low budget. Another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) sucks so bad. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this movie is a major time suck. Do not waste 90 minutes. I want to have my back. On the positive side, Fred Willard in it!
