I smiled a few times during the film. I laughed at the time of handover of the notary of margarine (pun intended). <br /> <br /> There are three segments in this film. The first one should be cheating, "women" growing "and starts a career" movies. Tampax® box funniest thing in this segment. Most of the actors are not listed here on IMDb. They are the lucky ones. Few other people will be able to plug this thing in the destruction of their acting career. <br /> <br /> The second segment is a parody of «sharkish woman sleeping her way to the top and take control of the huge industry" movies, Robert Culp has several funny moments, all the physical humor, including the above-mentioned transfer. After dying its character segment is below and lower as Dominique Corsaire rises higher and higher. By the time she becomes the first lady I wanted to tear the cable from the TV and watch "snow". I switched over to Pakistani Music video instead. I do not understand, Urdu or any other language videos were. It was even better than listening to the dialogue in this excruciatingly boring "history." <br /> <br /> Then «Municipalians» a * big * star, half of them on the screen in less than a minute: Elisha Cook Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Kavner, Widmark and ... Robby Benson * * It should be a travesty. "the young cop teams with hardened substances abused by a senior police officer who needs care * bad *" movies. The horizontal bar at the outbreak of the police car is very impressive. It was interesting to see the old RTD bus and a gas station sign Shell, and US savings sign - none of them are not around anymore Nagurski in "Never stop. anywhere you may have to get out of the car "made me smile for a moment. They discuss then how sad a young police officer. A lot. Back and forth about how boring it is. It was a sad, as a description of how sad it. The law № Nagurski four, "Never go to a music store, which has been cut with an acetylene torch," he made me think that the music store real business in the actual location of the dispatcher gave. Thinking that it was more interesting than the setting for the gag that followed. Young Falcon (Benson) gets a shot. Lot. He becomes hardened cop like Nagurski. The segment continues to go. On and on. And further. He will not stop. It does not roll inexorably forward, no matter how many times you want, it just * die already so this thing is over. It does not. It goes on and on and on .... Then the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" episode, which I had already seen four times goes on. Thank God! This is a terrible movie was over, when I went to get the mail.
