While the term itself has not been geographically and semantically meaningless, you can also refer to the "Ned Kelly," as "the Australian West." For the people Down Under, Ned Kelly was, apparently, a folk hero bandit looks like Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. A descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a fugitive and a criminal after he was falsely accused in the shooting of the Australian officer of the law, an offense for which his equally innocent mother was put in prison. To return to the government for this ill-treatment, Kelly, his brother Dan and two other comrades who have become notorious bank robbers, wins over the heart of many people in rural areas, while the strike at justice in a country where Irish immigrants are often treated with disrespect and contempt on the part of those who run the country. <br /> <br /> It may be because we are faced with this "gentleman bandit" scenario so many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels awfully familiar and unoriginal as it gives any number of stereotypes and clichés of the genre, in its the way to the inevitable showdown. Ned is a typical heart of gold offender who kills only when he has to, and even then, only with deep regret. It also has the pulse of the common people, how, when, in the middle of a bank robbery, it returns the precious hours to one of the clients, after one of his gang was so unceremoniously dragged him. What movie on this particular topic has not shown a scene like this? This election acts of generosity like this, of course, that will bring him the love and respect for all young people who come to secretly admire anyone who can walk away from the glue it to the powers that be and the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays the typical convoluted law enforcers, who feels a personal interest in reducing this upstart troublemaker who keeps getting away with fine-tuning of creation. There's even an inevitable episode in which one of the ladies is delayed into the next room and have sex with one of the robbers, it turned out it is the romantic folly of a criminal lifestyle. And the film is permeated with one knocked scenes like this after another. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger can not distinguish himself in the lead role, providing little in the way of substance to make his character or interesting or attractive. It does not help that he was forced to give a buzz voiceover, which underlines the hypocrisy and pretentious as the character and the film. <br /> <br /> «Ned Kelly" can function as a kind of lesson in the history of Australia, but as entertainment, it's just the same old story told with different accents.
