I have heard some bad things about Cabin Fever is almost as much as I had heard religious deception. As it turned out, the first film of the new manager, Eli Roth, it's just so-so effort with an IQ point decrease as the film progresses. There are worse movies out there, and certainly more bloody ones (while I do not know what the hype meter is so high on the blood count for the Hostel, there is a good amount for the fans of the genre here). The room is not necessarily a bad thing, though: the kids go to the cabin for a week of parties, only to meet a very sick man, covered in blood, which they set on fire in a panic. He wraps the dead in the water that feeds the tank, and soon all the characters succumb to lust virus anyway. Symbols, or are college kids (including Rider Strong as a hero and James DiBello as a dull side panel) or in support of "rural" people are the archetypal to the point of inertia, if not painfully so. <br /> <br /> How do they meet their fate, the citizens are quite strange, and it just seems to be prudently thrown together without many laughs; "Pancakes baby" comes out of nowhere, and could possibly be funnier in another film by itself, but in the context of the rest of the film, it just does not work. There's also a young police character, even more stupid and less convincing than others. And the family that comes after DiBello after the incident has some features that are not implemented. But all the time, the Roth pumps up his script with common sense out the window and sudden panic and fear with people hacking blood on the other, and each dog killer rambling around. But it's not all that wrong. Now, unlike the smaller TROMA horror movies or even less of them 70 or 80s-, which I'm sure die-hard fan's mouth, he does not make it unwatchable. It is also smart enough to not have any explanation, where the virus comes. <br /> <br /> But unlike these films as well, he really has a great idea of ​​what makes for a great time-mannered horror. His film is trying for that, of course, and only once or twice, he does so stupid, bloody times (I did like the occasional rabbit Strong to see while on the stretcher). It is not even bad shot a lot of time (though with its far-fetched style ala-choice red tint on the lens, or the history of a bowling alley employee). It simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices made (shave your legs with a deadly virus, uh huh), and it tends to a rather typical of the earth. If this is your cup of tea, more power to you. But in the end, I found that this is not really genre-exclusive territory, which does not offend the feelings ala audience saw, but not swinging for the fence or as a smart B-movie. Roth also has the temerity to finish the film on this note "that in-hell", as Santa Claus beard convenience store clerk from earlier in the film is a bunch of black people. It might work if he was going at it with something better, or if he threw it on the whole. The same can be said of many of the movie. C-
