Fever premise begins, he might have something to offer. A group of college teens after the finals (fall?) Progress in the spa cabin in the woods, where one by one they are attacked by the invisible flesh eating virus. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, first paragraph, wherein any remote stop film quality elements. Fever is a little more than children college sex, drinking, talking non-stop about anything, and seeing how many F-bombs, they can get there at 1:40 minutes, however long it's a mess. <br /> <br /> the children to act and react stupidly all around them. One of them, for example, finds that the virus has infected the skin of her legs, so she does? She continues to shave your legs lack of appropriate medical care for her injuries. The scene is slightly larger than the gross one. In another scene, Rider Strong with «Boy Meets World» gets bitten by the hand of some kid who just says "Pancakes" and likes to do karate kicks at those sitting next to him. If you can find out the reason why the child "Pancakes" was included, I would like to know. Anyway, Rider pets wild dogs and goes to wash his bitten hand in the most likely contaminated streams. Another child likes to drop F-bombs reacts to everything around him and shoot protein. Why? Your guess is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the only child with any recognition in the film. He tries to calm people between screams and shouts and F *** Y **! bombs that people were throwing around. If children do not yell, or they have to talk about sex or talk nonsense the other adult characters, which further (if possible) idiocy than children! Idiot cops with an IQ of 60 at best, may be one of the worst jobs akterskoga I have ever seen in a movie. You're talking about people who are not playing with a full deck, this moron does not know how to find the card! LOL! I was like, "You please shut up already?" He makes a child look like a genius actor! The only part that I kind of like it was a horror story Rider (though the mountains) on a frantic guy bowling. In an interview, Ryder said he had great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to be going a little more than shock and blood. There are too many bad things about this film for Mr. Roth to get any credit. I would like to agree with the Rider and find something likable about this film. Perhaps the fall scenery in the beginning? In fact, Rider Strong JUST saves the film from being 1! Let's hope he was compensated for this junk!
