I really do not know whether the fever to be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it's much closer to a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the community of horror filmmakers decided to make a new step and make fun of the genre, thus generating Scream series. The list was given to the cry of all the nonsense characters of horror films are doing that are predictable and character Crick eventually do exactly the same things that have added a lot of humor and irony to this analysis of the genre, and led to hope that the horror now be show a little bit different, or full of irony to the genre, self-mockery to the film itself, or at least different in dramatic process than all the "old" films, which responded to the same tired criteria. Seeing "The Hermit", unfortunately, many will see as unoriginal, serious, pretentious, sad and even scary to some supposedly "scary" movies now, even after several years. First of all, this film lacks originality in the way some others do. As already mentioned several times as a little imagination today horror filmmakers, remaking remakes of foreign proceedings, but the installation of the film in a small house in the woods just does not seem to be «Hommage» to anything, it seems, simply put, a rip-off. Anyone who wants to be surprised by other factors, film history will not be: once again, we are dealing with the film, all the characters are in their early twenties, who would not think rationally, if placed before the problem is and argue hour and pick fights than trying think and do something about it. Not much excitement there. Once again, in the horror film, they tend to kiss, make love, and just generally have fun, all sorts of things that do not really do them differently than any other horror movie victim seen before. Second, this film seriously lacks imagination. Each situation characters in every dialogue, every situation is seen in the film so seriously that any viewer with a slight sense of ridicule will be released, when some of the characters, finally, finally die. Nothing like a film directed, written or acted shows no signs of humor or sarcasm, which is quite strange, considering a film about the invisible, inaudible-of-a-distemper virus (do not laugh please), I will not even bring up the act, because no actors in this film. The cast was undoubtedly hired for friends or neighbors with the director. Thirdly, and this is going to hit, who has seen "good" horror film before the script is completely empty. Nothing really happens, some action repeated several times ( "let us try to help you!"), Anything does not make sense, either in facts, characters, psychology, or even funny lame last film sequence, which is probably supposed to be funny, for According to the director and the writers. in the end, I just note that the horror film must have something terrible in it. gallons of fake blood, whether they are torn, sun splashed from the severed limbs or just dripping from the wounds were never enough to scare the audience. These are the main features as the script, ideas, and even cruelty are requested for those who claim to have shot something terrible if I did not consider it as a total failure, I would agree it is considered that the film has a talent:. He is unclean disgusting to watch. nevertheless, being dirty and frightened out two very different feeling, let it be known. <br /> <br /> I would encourage anyone a little curious or interested in the fact that this film is to check the old core horror first, why not with the 60s, 70s, 80s, films made by Wes Craven, Dario Ard zhenta, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... it can not only give a good definition of that scary, or the self-mocking horror, but also to convince the audience that the "new" does not necessarily " better. " A good example of that is associated with the film is a multi-tracks composer Angelo Badalamenti provided for this film, even though they are clearly close to his previous compositions, they are less likely, that he had ever done before.
