Anyone who has read my review for Uwe Boll in «Alone In The Dark» will remember that I compared the unenviable task to sit through this piece of human waste to each and every hair on her hand pulled. Well, take this analogy further with this irredeemable rubbish chute and try to imagine the pain get your teeth extracted without Novacaine. Do this and you will have an idea of ​​what "Fever," Eli Roth's all about. <br /> <br /> I never believed that any one movie was able to topping obvious excruciating dreck that Uwe Boll scrolls as "the worst movie ever made." But to be honest, I have to say " fever "is very close. This is another sad occasion for motion pictures, there was absolutely no valid reason, to meet with any form of theatrical release. For someone who claims to love the horror genre in the same way as does Eli Roth, he created the single most annoying and confusing patchwork movie I think I've ever seen in my life. How do you screw up a story like this? Think about the potential of this site would have had no ill-written characters, without the bad writing, and without all this unnecessary and unfunny comedy. The film deals with the grotesque could carnivorous virus and had to be much better than what the mouth is concave for us here. This scenario is not possible on many levels with me. And, while I have no doubt that the obvious talent of this director has, I know that he felt the ball big time on the thought that it may well be redefined the horror genre. <br /> <br /> To say that it was the production of missed opportunities would really be rough play on words. A generous amount of blood and disturbing effects can not save him, and this is one element that I usually go. There really was not anything on "Cabin Fever" that I could easily recommend to anyone. If three-quarters of the crowd coming out of the theater in the middle, you know, the film is sinking fast. My best advice for those who are reading this will just rent before buying. One view was more than enough for me to know that I will most likely never to mess with him again.
