Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original one thousand nine hundred ninety-five yarn "Fear" horror will be more disappointed in this silly little sequel. It's kind of worth such a plot, but can not connect to the original, except for the presence of Mort, a dummy from a tree monster. Here is an overview. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorn (Gordon Currie, in a decent performance) witnesses his father brutally murdered his mother, and then take his own life, Mike is still suffering from the fear of the same day. In the hope of getting rid of his fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a bunch of friends to the home of his grandparents. His plan for each retracted into the costumes, which are your fears, and then present their concerns on a mannequin Mort. According to another Indian, this process should magically pick your own. Mike does not know what Mort receive the spirit of his father and starts to kill his friend ... or it's actually Mike himself makes these murders? Who cares? <br /> <br /> But there are several problems with this film. The first is Mort. I thought that the original did Morty looks very convincing. At this time, it is painfully obvious Morty is a man (played by John Fedele) in a fake that looks suit. This is particularly evident in the early stages, where Mort is still expected to be inanimate, but if you look closely you can see how it flashes. Another problem is that most of the characters are not trying hard enough. Some of them, namely, Betsy Palmer, on Friday 13th fame, which was very rich in this film. But most of them do not make an effort or not given the chance. Finally, there is murder. Opening scene with the murder of an ax were very convincing. In fact, when I saw them, I thought I was in for a good movie. If the second half of the film comes, and murder are really starting, it all falls apart. Deaths or uncreative, invisible, or anticipate (reflections of the next scene as a curry darkening). One character dies at the end, and no one, including the audience, even the posts. While a characteristic needed in the initial half, it was not so bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Angel was in that moment and really did not know how to shoot scenes of violence, so they were real sloppy and pedestrians. Silly ending does not help. Thus, if you really loved the original and enjoy plucking the splinter out of your skin, you should probably skip "Fear 2: Halloween Night.» Zanatos' rating: 4 out of 10.
