Attack Force is a terrible title, and can almost certainly be judged, it's awful cover, because the movie is awesome! Hash storylines choppy mess and terrible stagnation pace to make the film difficult to watch from start to finish. I managed it and I'm proud. As a supporter of the work of Segal (mostly from his old days), it is painful to see his star in such scars. the last fifteen films Seagal True or so, I sucked a lot, but some of them, at least some redeeming features. Attack Force mess. From conception to the birth of the film has undergone many changes, from someone else's story line, the current of a very exciting super preparation of will be unleashed in the Romanian language (the film has several options, none of which are Romanian, but still look like Romania, because they are in Romania!) of the population. The film is tacked together with no regard for the fact that the state of the original shooting script was. Plot-hole and the free ends has a lot in the film, that is true. This was a problem in the past few Seagal films as well, but does not have the result was so sad. There's a whole story line on water poisoning CTX (drugs is a cool name), who had never solved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years the story, were not the main draw in the canon Segal was so great responsibility to other agencies, especially the action. Before we consider the action, though, all the other departments are poor. The direction of the poor, or perhaps better to say, made to look poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally intended this film? Between his finished work on the re-shoots Tom Delmar stunt and editing, film director coherent vision is completely lost. The best way to describe this film is that it's just around the store! Cinematography dull, almost a suggestion of sleep, while the value of buzz (sounds like it was made on the cheapest of the cheap synthesizers) does nothing to start a business. The cast is too poor, unable to save anything here. Segal looks bored out of all recognition, and duplicate across a large part of the picture, it is clear that the plot points are changed. He looks tired and overweight and sluggish, unlike it looked in previous films as well (other than as mentioned above were the key complaints in the last scene in the Segal). Only pay a member of the cast is Adam Krosdell as one of the villains, making slimy procedure Brit. He seems to appeal to a strange storyline, because he plays his inhuman. It looks like a cross between a vampire and Body Snatcher (Ditto the lead villain played some hot chick, which is the time, seemingly waiting for her husband ?? Dracula). <br /> <br /> In the end the action. Well, it's poor. Poorly conceived, poorly shot. There's not much like, and there is even less, showing Segal. Stevo Sun really bring out the understudy here, because there is so little to do. There's even a long-term (repetitive and boring) action scene on the hour mark that the inter-cuts, sometimes with small flashes Segal stand in because obviously Sigaev was not there while the shooting scene, and they would like to have him feature in action scene. Seagal finally appears in person to shoot the two guys in the head. Segal has a producer credit here and the script credit, but from what I understand, that the film was changed behind him the current state it is in. Segal, apparently, will not work with these people again, or Castel studios that continue to supply terribly sub-Nu-Image (it says something) material. <br /> <br /> as a whole is one to avoid if you're not a supporter of Segal. Seagal fans can also be sure that the great man would probably not want to do anything that bad again. Unfortunately, his next film, which has already been removed, with the same people, promises to be even worse than that. *
