I rented it because I'm a little tired from the 80th NBC programming, and apparently, I saved myself a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors and their honor, they do a good job, but this show is spoiled out of the room. <br /> <br /> We have a character that is unpleasant. He is full of flaws, entirely enlightened, and complete breakthrough on a good day. But the reason why someone should care simply does not exist. When you create an American sitcom centered around a full stubborn donkey is a revolutionary and full potential, it just is not met here in this show. Most of the secondary characters are not fully fleshed out characters, but rather sad punching bags who want empathy with the audience for punching bags. As with any comedy, they are the ones who made the most normal for the audience to relate to, and in doing so, they deny the main character to such an extent that we see Bittinger be themselves and cause harm to people, and they just stay there because .... why? There's no reason to. Any normal people would have just left the abuse. Keep them there without any basis in reality - even really incredible one of Joanna Cassidy in a special two-part episode of abortion, which is their main problem - this is where the show just fall apart. To simply believe that people put up with this guy, because we are told that he has a heart of gold is not the network with the reality of the situation. Anyway, it's not even a dramedy. This is bad painted, conceived and executed the premise that there were a few moments, but overall met the fate it deserves. Who had the courage to go out and do a very good idea, but the execution is so haphazard that it looks like a bizarre scenario version of the Jerry Springer show where someone is abusing this tyrant, we should root for because we were told. The show, as it requires deft touch that the actors here could easily provide, but somehow I can not. This is a fatal mistake, which really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Chalk it up to the show as a child. Despite this, the show is worth seeing. But it's really fucked up when you try to aspire to the stars, and made the whole enterprise is not what it could be.
