Going down as the most expensive film in the history of Finland, to date, "Dark Floors" is a horror film with very Lynchian story that lists more and more dilapidated series of "Polo" (ironically enough) in an abandoned hospital in which our protagonist is trapped . Lead to autistic daughter and her father, he was disappointed in the apparent lack of hospital medical progress with his daughter, make your way to the elevator debating the issue with one of the nurses of hospitals. Accompanied by a security guard, a businessman and seemingly drunk tramp team soon abandoned complex, but they are not alone. Directed by Finnish born Pete Riski, more known for his television work, "Dark Floors" is shot in English, mostly by English actor, but have a significant inclusion of possibly the most famous group of Finland "Lordi" (2006 Eurovision Song Contest winner), either on its Me, that is, in their monstrous stage costumes, as antagonists of films, but for all this turmoil production fails where it is most needed, to convince the audience. <br /> <br /> Any movie that has a lead character use in the phrase "it's too quiet," I have already rushed down a questionable way, and that the effect of Lordi horror does not violate the convention. For all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix there are some ripe cliché par and worst of all, all that interesting original Sun concretized enough to resonate. the concept of gender is degraded initially very sinister and really provides a sense of impending doom, as the viewer knows who was in the hospital should be developed further and further down into the mud. However, it lacks atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the audience into unsuspecting fear, the viewer realizes the journey will become even more dangerous, as the levels are degenerate from brilliant white to black hellish, but I do not think the characters are quite that fact known for to be threatening. In addition, the entire film, taking place in what is, in fact, its own time bubble again very pleasant to touch, the concept is not often used in the horror genre, but all the characters to confront the situation with enough fear and trembling when they come across this fact, they continue about your business too quickly and without enough real worries about the idea to mean something to the audience. These initially good ideas just left to fade as if the director and / or Mr. Lordi (who had many ideas used in the film) had such thoughts, but he could not accept or make a decision on how to best use them and as such, lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> However, for all the disappointments have large amounts of comedy, but not for the reasons, the creators have hoped. Too many templates, too much processed and too ridiculous. While lead amicably gave Noah Huntley, cardboard characters simply expressions that have been inserted into the story of the other films. We have a leading man is doing everything possible to protect his daughter near clunkily developed a love interest. Accompanied by "a couple" we have a traditional token black man as a sober guard, with almost endless clip for his side draw and disbelief businessman Uiznuli only look for themselves. Worst of all, though, unfortunately, is the introduction of Lordi warehouse as the creatures of the night that plague our wandering band of misfits, but not for their appearance, as they are. What makes a horror film scared the audience contextualise fear. "The Shining" scary, because it is a member of your family to poison you, "Dawn of the Dead" is our fear of each other and the original model of cannibalism and zombie irrational thinking has, in the "Alien" fear explains being rationalized and "Dark floors "there is nothing out of it. Maybe it's unfair to compare this production of these monoliths of the genre, but if you do it shows that it pales considerably and that is the aggressor feels like nothing more insane Klingons, where you can almost see the zipper on the costumes, which they They are, without any built-up atmosphere «Lordi» just not scary. <br /> <br /> This is infuriating, because we all cheer for the underdog, and I hope that they do well, you want to lower industries, to say that they can create the same quality of the film as a "Hollywood" stamp much the same way that George Romero started, but it does not always materialize. I enjoyed the movie and not feel as if I spent ninety minutes, I sat before the end, but I felt quite satisfied at the level of the hollow, as if nothing that there was a matter or me is subconscious, emotional or critical. I felt that the story was almost Lynchian outstanding plus point, but it disappears into oblivion. Why did this happen? What does it mean? Will they go through all this again? Even without the slightest understanding of what will be a film just embarrassing to try to be arty. The whole sequence of events was real or just a dream sequence? If autistic girl watched Eurovision 2006 and was just very strange nightmare of stress she was under? Who knows? And, unfortunately, I was not able to work on energy even care. "Dark Floors" is rabies experience that while ultimately shallow stigma and potential, at least, shows a lot of creative energy from Putaanego that may need to look into working solo to fully develop their ideas. It is one that fans of the band or the genre, you may need to go on, but will leave you feeling left in the slope without having to shed sufficient light on the situation.
