Well, on his credit side (if you can say, that is), Timothy Hines managed to capture the original setting of outstanding novels H.G. Wells. But other than that - well, to call a spade a spade - it sucks Bigtime. What Master Ed Wood could do with an estimated $ 20 million dollar budget! Timothy Hines really makes Mr. Wood, who was an invalid genius anyway, looks like the best director, all the time. Special effects (I guess you would call them that) are not even up to the standards of the computer game. Action, well, maybe a dinner theater comparative and brutal accents. At the risk of attack, many of the current of the main male characters (especially the poor Ogilvy), well, um ,. ,, GAY! Poor Ogilvy and Simon on flounces fictitious English countryside, waving a white handkerchief asbestos around as if it was a heat-resistant armor. Hey, stormtroopers in the "Star Wars" were neat white body armor, too, and it did not work, they still have been blown up. Even if the company Ogilvy and get fried on the Martian "Heat Ray" (?), They toss and beef in a strange form of the dance, even if they theoretically DEAD and reduced to skeletons, which are stored in lewd dancing and writhing. Maybe Timothy Hines hired Harryhausen skeletons left over from the "Jason and the Argonauts." Or is it "Josie And The Pussycats»? I do not know. The soldiers, apparently because they are "military", everything seems to be just a pretty unconvincing explode, like a soldier on crutches and his unfortunate companions, carrying a stretcher just behind him. Wow! I loved it! But "soldiers" all looked like they were either fascist forces in the Spanish Civil War or the Boer Commandos (which would be more or less correct for the period. Perhaps it was some kind of a little cunning subtlety on the part of the wicked genius Hines?). Oddly enough, the nature of the cure looks exactly the same as he applies to the original illustrations Warwick Goble, and he finds himself in the most convincing acting work. Oh, yes. We musn't forget THUNDER CHILD. In the book, the warship described as iron torpedo-RAM. He had to RAM enemy ships. However, this bow was dented after ramming Tinker Toy-built Martian war machines, with a tiny hole torn in the forepeak, and she sank. Armored military ship as THUNDERCHILD could rammed TITANIC and survived, but I believe that the Royal Navy has been linked to the same limitations as the low buying our own military. Suits all wrong, especially the uniforms of the British army and the police, bonded mainly from the USMC Alpha. And Timbo, in an apparent tribute to Western Films of the past, apparently set his film in Wild Western England, because all of its riders use Western saddles. Accents are used by almost everyone seems to be a mixture of a Scottish regional accent is used Macabre Clan, and magically delicious Irish accents of Malarky County. On the side of the loan, and contrary to what one reviewer wrote, the only true, authentic feature of this Thing is artillery. Gun entirely from the Civil War, but apparently my eye and research as a bona fide British nine or 12 pounder rifled Breach forklifts, completely authentic period. So it was the ammunition used is shown. But the gunner, who is a driver in the Horse Artillery, was not specified correctly manage its front fascia. You do not sit on the damn box and Limber disk command the gun, you ride horses pavement circle. The discovery, using what I believe is the real film footage period, all right, and the evaluation is not bad. However, as far as I know, Weybridge has never been under the ground, and it is certainly not in 1898. <br /> <br /> But the growing reading this novel, I am very disappointed. Even more disappointed, I was in the Zillion Dollar Spielberg's special effects-laden version. Maybe his version will be cashed by replacing Anthony Piana for Tom Cruise, and vice versa. I have a lot more to say, but I'll let it go at it now: I would like someone to do a good version of "War of the Worlds", which is true to the original. vision Tiogo great for movie High School class, or maybe I should say pretentiously stupid for college-level student of the film, and how bad that about the best I can say for this thing, but that's about it. Oh, yes. Only where DID budget go? What happened with Michael Caine? I would like to hear his comments! I have a suspicion that Timbó «Orson Wood" Hines breathtaking associated daunting cinema masterpiece just might be risky ticket director of the cult star, because, I must confess, guilty pleasure when watching this movie, which I'm waiting for "t pay for anyway, but thoughtfully sent me one that burned DVD copy for me, without malice, that I was able to identify. I should add that I thought the duplicated and condensed version BlackMoon not only a huge step forward, but absolutely, hysterically funny (in a good way) treat to watch. I believe that it is difficult to see Master Timbó version after BlackMoon. Keep it up, Tim! Make your own version of "Dune", at the moment. He's just waiting for the master's hand, like you! And whatever you headupyourass snobs who hated monsters? Forget it. He can not win Timbó Hines ARTISTRY SHEER FOR amusing awful! HEY GET LIFE! Timbó worse MASTER ED WOOD! I'm not kidding!
