Lordi was a big deception and opening in 2007, because they won the Eurovision Song Contest with the (not so heavy) metal song called «Hard Rock Hallelujah» and appeared on stage dressed as a hideous monster. But, let's face it, their victory is likely to have very little to do with their great musical talent. The Eurovision Song Contest has gradually turned into one big political circus for many years and Lordi, probably only won because their song is finally brought little change, and ?? more importantly - because all their act kind of genius to fake all the annual event. The absolute last thing first (and hopefully last) Lordi horror movie brings this change and inventiveness. "Dark Floors", based on the idea of ​​a lead singer in the title role in the rest of the band supporting role, it is really mundane and desperate accumulation of clichés. A huge budget ( "Dark Floors", presumably, is the most expensive Finnish film ever), of course, it provides a very horrific set pieces and spectacular make-up art, but what is the point at which there is no history that we should speak ? The film takes is in a busy hospital, where a group of people, among them the father and his daughter with an unidentified illness, accumulate in an elevator during a power breakdown. When the doors opened again, the floor is empty, and it looks as if the hospital is abandoned since many years. Trying to reach the exit, the group stumbles upon some painful and inexplicable obstacles as eyeless bodies that scream ghosts and Heavy Metal monsters coming out of the floor. Only three points I gave in "Dark Floors" is intended solely for decoration and building proper tension during the first half of the film. By the time the sinister events are self-explanatory, the atmosphere is pretty terrible, but once you understand the explanation and will) be very stupid or b) never come, the beneficial simply collapses like a house of cards unstable, Lordi costume ever is never really been scared to begin with (except maybe the traditional supporters of the ESC) and, in conjunction with the history more closely resembles the Asian ghost-horror, they just look downright miserable and unlucky. With all national myths and truly unique places outdoor filming, I personally have always assumed Finland ?? Land of a Thousand Lakes ?? It would be an ideal breeding ground for potentially horrific horror stories, but I believe that this is another disappointment in my account.
