I just lost three hours of my life to this travesty, and I can honestly say that I feel violated. I read the reviews and heard the warning, and I thought I was ready for anything - in the best case, I thought, correct (if incorrect) attempt to adapt the original; in the worst case, so good-is-bad "Plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I was able to pick up a copy at Walmart while in Florida and brought it back to the UK, I joked to your friends, "prepare for the worst movie ever made!" Oh, cruel feed. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this film. "Special" effects seem to work in the first year of a student project with ZX81 Spectrum. Actions terrible accents worse wretched (emphasis one artillery Mans', seems to take us on a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales with Northern Ireland), stilted dialogue, editing does not exist, the value of the production of evidence that no costs will not hold in . Words really can not describe how bad this film; Union Flag flying from a monstrous CGI'd Thunderchild (Royal Navy flying the White Ensign, NOT Union flag) in the bark beetle covered actions, it is quite simply a crime against the creation of the film. If you think some of the fans of the budget is literally zero-movies that are available on the 'net (Star Wars short "army", for example), all "we are passionate amateur," the argument goes right out the window. And if you think that the interview with Hines at the Pendragon website, this film had a budget of 8 pictures! I can only assume that bizarre facial hair is not cheap in the United States. Maybe the problem is that Hines and together tried to make a movie out of the book, not to turn the book into a film (if that makes sense). Symbols and additional nozzles pieces of text verbatim, without trying to convey the feelings behind the words. Paradoxically, the only person who even came close to giving decent performance was Darlene Sellers, former soft porn actress. My advice? Pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne sun screw, and go see the version of Spielberg. It can not be true to the text of the book, but I can say that it is; As a lifelong fan of Wells (and the Englishman, and) Speilbergs film is faithful to the spirit of the book. Maybe customs were wrong to let me carry this monster in the country, but I will say this: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life, and I want them back.
