One of the weak Curry about the adventures see Sid James as the head of a criminal gang steal the pill. The fourth series will be hospital-based, it is probably the least of the genre. There's a very interesting feeling flat throughout, with everything seemingly spend on below par material. This is far from Nadir late 70-ies, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. are all class performers have not given support script equal to their abilities. <br /> <br /> Most of the gags are onrunning, rather than episodic, as the Carry Ons usual. So instead of the traditional ratios were, if you can not find the joke funny, first of all, you are stuck with it for most of the film. These continuous threads of the conspiracy include Williams ?? without a valid reason ?? worrying that it changes sex, and Kenneth Cope clothing. As unnatural physical Pratt falls, it all feels more contrived than in other films, and not enough interest in the cast. Continuing this theme, Matrona lacks normal wordplay and innuendo format, mostly opts for the characteristics and implications for humor. In fact, a few frivolous series of misunderstandings and worked coercive circumstances is more like one of Terry and June ... so it's only fitting that Terry Scott is present, looting everywhere fruitlessly. <br /> <br /> Some dialog exchanges a little old magic, such as between Scott and the CPC: "How about a drink?" "Oh, no, no, I never touch it" "Oh, when cigarettes. ? "" no, I never touch them. "" that leaves only one thing to offer you. "" I never touched that some day. "However, while the funny man in his own right (livening in boring episodes Randall and Hopkirk (deceased) has no end), you feel that the cops did not quite knock in the self-parodying continue idealology and Bernard Bresslaw dressed as a nurse will much funnier. This actually happened, in particular, although only in the last fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams tries to seduce Hattie Jacques and Charles Hawtrey hiding in the closet of the room box pure farce, but not enough irony to carry it off. Nevertheless, the description of Williams premarital relationships is priceless: "You do not just go to the store and buy enough for the whole room, you come off a little strip and try it first!" "That may be so," counters Jacques, "but you not going to stick me against the wall. "Williams really comes alive in his scenes with the Hittites, and you never get tired of listening to tin whistle whenever someone accidentally flashing her panties. <br /> <br /> Continue Matron is not a bad film by any means, just crushingly bog-standard one.
