I watched this film version of the classic novel by R.D. Blackmore as a replacement until 2001 & E version was released on video. A poor substitute was !!!! <br /> <br /> This version is not authentic, I of-feel-like-I-have aspect of the film A & E. The actors, for the most part, wood (with Sean Bean, except them) and "novel" it seems forced and unnatural. In fact, no kissing until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna arc that you prefer) and the evil Carver Doone not mentioned or supplemented. We do not get a lot of insight into the Carver here, or why he has some (if any) romantic feelings for Lorna. The film cuts out many of the key characters of the novel and interesting, such as Dong advisors, and sharp-tongued younger sister Lizzie, John, who play a crucial role in the plot. The script itself is not enough confidence. Political intrigue and does not appear in the script. Lorna path originated from Doones not true to the original stories. Now, do not get me wrong, Clive Owen beautiful and talented actor (see Gosford Park and King Arthur to confirm), but it comes across as soft and stoic throughout, and long hair (it can be a bad wig) just does not suit him !!!! Walker Field is a great actress and an accomplished (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, in which she also starred with Sean Bean), but it seems colorless and dull. She has a cold sore on her lip that makeup can not hide, and costumes do not seem real. The late Robert Stephens makes a respectable turn as Sir Ensor Doone, although it applies only to Lorne as his favorite, not his granddaughter, she was famous in the book. In addition, it seems to me that Owen Walker's too old for her role (maybe this is the make-up) and the scenery brown, cold, gray and barren, not much sign of a sunny sky. I understand that it is in the southwestern part of England, but it is green there and they receive sunlight !!! The image of the character of Tom Faggus' and his "death", which does not occur in the novel, the film even more depressing. One positive note is the performance of Sean Bean as Carver. Despite the fact that not even close to matching the figure Guillen in the film A & E, Bob makes a mean villain. In short, look at it, but if you have a few hours to kill, but nothing spectacular, or wait to be true to the novel. See any other version (but I highly recommend the film & E) during this weary adaptation.
