However, I did not have high expectations "Corky Romano." But then again, who did it? Nevertheless, I felt that I deserved the benefit of the doubt. I did not have high hopes for "Joe Dirt" or - other recent comedy starring pronunciation member of the SNL - and I ended up being pleasantly surprised. But this film is just as bad as it looks in the preview. Chris Cattani really talented comedian - contrary to what you might think after watching this film - with great energy. He was in many hilarious parodies the SNL, and I think he is one of the most talented actors on the SNL, as it is now. In this case, he gave a lame, pointless script, and he tries to fix every scene with its continuous looting. For each scene, he tries to act lame, Jerry Lewis and fails miserably. Jerry Lewis knew how to remove this type of physical comedy, not to mention working with much better writing. Cattani just looks like some ignorant fool with ADHD who had too many cafe latte. He did not even wait for pointe; He believes that we will all laugh as soon as he starts jumping around like a monkey on crack. In one scene, he ends up in the game to pull the dog, which has a package of cocaine in his mouth. The package exploded and cocaine spray all over his body. He returned to work spanned by coke. Now, we have to laugh at the fact that it operates in a hyper and on edge when he does the same thing throughout the movie? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the cast ... Vanessa Shaw really hot, Peter Berg lost in the thankless role, and so Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasted, although it has a few funny lines that I'm sure he improvised. I hope that Falk gets a decent movie sometime in the near future. It's too much talent and spend a clunker like "Corky Romano." I do not like the last movie Falk «Made» all that much either, but at least he had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I smiled a few times, but I could not get a laugh. Each gag is performed without a sense of time or delivery. And it is made worse by Hammy in action Cattani. And there are certain tricks that streneously pulled. For example, if you rolled a fart in the faces of his two brothers. He stands there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get out a fart, and when he finally, it makes it a little tiny one. It's bad enough if you have a gag that is funny and drag it, but if you have a lame gag and drag it hell of a lot worse. Another example of this is when he tries to translate what these two Asian men talk in the drug bust. I can go on and on about what happened to this so-called comedy, but I'm not going to waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predicted the bad things from the trailer - you predicted correctly. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (10)
