Why is this movie so bad? Well, to be so stupidly annoying and unfunny reason that this film it. Cork Roman character is unpleasant at best and does rabies in the worst case. The gags are predictable, but that's not what makes it wrong. They kind of predictable jokes lame, unfunny that your friend would say. <br /> <br /> Cork novel about a mild-mannered vet, who is trying to do the right thing, but it's so clumsy. His quiet life is thrown for a loop when the family, who once rejected him now need it to get into the FBI to destroy all traces of the family history of crime. However, it is not so easy to Corky, because the FBI believed it to be a super agent and binds his duty to spy on his own family. Failures and mayhem ensue, but it really does not feel like any comic hijixn there. Corky end in love with his beautiful partner of the FBI and should set the record straight with both the FBI and his family, when he had to settle for a quiet life again. <br /> <br /> I think that makes this film is annoying as a leading actor and imaginary joke. Chris Cattani reveals his alarming limitations as an actor here, as one of his notes slapstick routine falls flat for about 10 minutes in the film. It's good to have a complete movie based solely on the silent slapstick humor. Ferrell, the SNL partner rolled in, it seems to have made a full career out of it. The only difference between Cattani and Ferrel Ferrel that knows when to tone it down and hope for other ways to joke. There is absolutely no variety in the routine in Cattani. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for the entire film, which is just pure torture. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the film was the lack of really original and funny jokes. Gay mobster brother, clumsy guy mid-tick, and many other forgotten jokes are neither as funny as the first time you just laughed at him. It seems as if the writers had more fun writing this time than any one of them to watch. Even with a cast that has some comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk) joke that starts fatigue. There's no chemistry, too. This film was clearly one for the wallet for the actors. No body seemed to care about it, or even try. The sad thing is, no body said that Chris Cattani.
