Although I have heard that «Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian Film decade, I have watched that gives him a chance; In the end, the first time the director / producer / writer Alexander Stockler was able to make his debut (shot in the video) for just US $ 4000, and - although it looks even cheaper - I can not imagine what he went through to finally get it on display in movie theaters without any major sponsors or production companies that stand behind them (the way I saw it, I understand why). But whatever the odds that you'll be ready to «Cama de Gato", they shrink to zero for 10 minutes: it is incredibly stupid patter, ideological fanatic and technically disastrous attempt to reflect the Brazilian youth upper middle class as a bunch of corrupt neo-hooked to bad sex, drugs and violence (and they are made to look like a retired gay too) made no visible trace of talent, imagination, experience, or the concept of structure. Visually and aurally, it looks like the worst lover of material you can find on YouTube - only lasts ninety-two (count'em) minutes of relentless hysteria and embarrassment, and it's not even funny bad <br /> <br /. > We've all seen this story before: boring young guys want to have fun, go to parties, take drugs, and everything goes wrong - there is a gang rape, spanking, murder, and death due to an accident (fall down the stairs !!) with the mother of one of the boys, the culmination of which the boys decided to burn the corpses of women and mothers in the landfill. Moral and literal garbage, get it? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially the "Kids" and "Bully"), but the films Clark - though moralist sexploitative - a high-class masterpieces in comparison with that shit <br /> <br /> Ye do not think that there has ever been such a maniacal desire to filmmaker to follow his idea of ​​the audience's throat: Stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to make him non-stop moralist rant in our brain with the help of repetition and exhaustion - you get speechless configured with babbling, yelling, inept direction, camera shaking and terrible d eyanni occur. Stockler does not care a bit about the technique (image quality, framing, sound recording, sound songs, dialogue, sets, editing and so uniformly terrible), but he is narcissistic control freak: he is ahead of the criticism it is connected to receive by adding subtitles comments Smartie / Cutie, and making the protagonist a comment at some point, as flimsy and false all this (I could relate to this). <br /> <br /> Despite their ambitions suffer from delusions of grandeur, Stockler not seem to be able to give us at least a visual or narrative structure - it can not even decide whether he wants to gritty realism (manual camcorders etc. d.) or styling (repeating scenes alternative takes, etc.). Hell, he can not even decide where to put your camera (ie use of the subjective camera for three-wire)! The dialog shows some of the most amazing banal verbiage ever; There is a story to justify a deep hatred directed by his character and what they stand for. All that you see the film director to be hated, instructive that condemn, without moralizing good talent minimum (or technicians) to go with it. <br /> <br /> It is very frustrating to find Caio Blat in this mess. Of course, one of the most promising young actors of cinema in Brazil, with its sleepy puppy looks and emotional edge that often recalls Sal Mineo years Blat can be very effective in the right direction (as in "Carandiru», «Lavoura Arcaica», «Proibido Proibir "). Here's what he told me to go to the top, and he has to play with some of the most strikingly under-equipped "actors" in recent years. He also serves on the risky realm of graphic scenes sexploitation (goddawful so they look more like veby webcam porn). <br /> <br /> The film begins and ends with the actual interview with the "typical" middle-class young people (?) - Stockler wants to take the interview as "proof" that he was trying to preach in fiction . But he obviously despises and ridicules his interlocutors, choosing the flavor degrading, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only shows there are assholes everywhere). Stockler wants to prove that the young Brazilian middle class is all present or future fascists because they are middle class and enjoy recreational drugs (he says all the neo-fascists are on drugs ?? Or what drugs potentialize fascist behavior ?? I could not "say). <br /> <br /> With its dogmatic complacency, headache, and hallucinogens induce technology anguish, «Cama de Gato" bad thousands of reasons, but above all, it is harmful in a very insidious way, it gives a blasphemer Brazilian cinema powerful case argument. «Cama de Gato" better maintenance-free, unquoted, buried and forgotten.
