Accurate overview of Nuremberg should consider a door opened in the story inadvertently from the film "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008), in the end, said the world was the German resistance during World War Two professionally organized with government officials, military generals, soldiers and civilians who were trying to through throw the political regime of the fascist, install the new Chancellor, to find peace and close concentration camp. However, these unknown absolute heroes did not get any help from allies that helped the French Resistance neighborhood. The history, the authors used an institutionalized program since allied to hide the evil that was worth many tens of millions of lives all conditioned to believe the lie that the German people fully supported the Nazis and, therefore, deserved 24 hour bombardment of genocide and "unconditional surrender" that was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The German Enigma codes were broken by British scientists in 1943, so much that the Germans did was known. for 1943, the Germans developed a new jet fighters jet bombers companies, including Arad, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis were eliminated, and German resistance failed allies not to allow democracy in the world, to have fighter jets, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-controlled missiles without the US have their first is where institutionalized agenda relevant. Thus, German resistance had not received any help from allies, although they have always been a crucial intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. July 20, 1944 coup is proof that there have been significant efforts to bring about peace to the Germans. Instead, the Germans received ultimatums "unconditional surrender" and 24-hour saturation bombing on the agenda, in order to avoid the world. The Allies wanted to steal the greatest technology in the world and learned from the Germans and contain full ownership through the "unconditional surrender." It was a deliberate union agenda to the war to perpetuate and preserve the Nazis came to power, to justify a 24-hour bombardment, but it took one year after Mr. days before the Allied troops advanced in Germany to steal the world's greatest technology and scientist barrel of the gun. Nevertheless, tens of millions of people have died since the Allies refused to the German resistance to their own greed. <br /> <br /> allies entered "unconditional surrender" for the Germans, as an excuse to end the ownership and control of property, and the German government, and it was done without the use of the German resistance to over throw the Nazi. The Allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the Germans, in order to achieve the global technological advantage. Thus, everything else takes second place in the wicked alliance programs, which killed millions of German people in a 24-hour bombardment; concentration camps remained open; the war was prolonged and led to the "cold war" with the weapon on the basis of German industrial achievements, technologies and scientists are taken from the Germans during the Second World War. <br /> <br /> In 1946, the Nuremberg war crimes were public relations hype and massacres committed allies like retrospective justice Nazis. It was a smokescreen to hide the evil and greedy Union State program for the global technological advantage, and not to help the German Resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. <br /> <br /> Millions of people died because the Allies refused to the German resistance on the order of the day, but they have caused the crust against the German chiefs of staff anyway, who lost their lives at the Nuremberg war crimes or not, even though the allies are committed the genocide in order to achieve the global technological advantage.
