This word «True» in the title of this film got my alarm bells. They called loudly, if the card is called the name of the American Civil War as a "war between the states" (the red tape in the die-hard southerners prefer). Jesse James - a thief, a slave owner and a murderer - is described as a quiet, gentle boy farm <br /> <br /> How unfair this film.? There's no mention of slavery, much less documented that poor widdered mother of Jesse James by the slave-owners before the war, and that Jesse and his brother Frank actively fought for the preservation of slavery. According to this film, all the soldiers of the Civil War were really struggling to decide, Missouri, is a northern or southern state state ... that is all. (MO: This candy mint It is the breath mint!) Black people are completely absent from this film for two glimpses of poor vapor, except one of which is to "help the poor" is a sign that it is very improbable instead of handwritten typography. (Some pictures from the newspapers of the 19th century are also inaccurate with fonts of the twentieth century.) <br /> <br /> This movie has an amazing structure of the flashback. There's a very impressive trick riding (and some fine works, stunt horses), and one great editing. I savored a single line of dialogue: "Some of these boys will never try again beans. The movie gets a few things right: Agnes Moorehead as the mother of Jesse, covers his right arm in the scenes after the raid Pinkerton agents (hereinafter referred to as "Remington"), in which real-life Jesse James mother was injured require amputation of her arm. Some mistakes are forgivable: during his days bushwhacking, this Jesse James accidentally shooting of his left middle finger, but Robert Wagner (starring here) has not stumpfinger. I saw a picture of the real wife of Jesse James; if it looked half glamorous as Hope Lange looks in this film, Jesse James would have to stay at home more. <br /> <br /> There's a lot of revisionism here, and most male actors wearing 1950s hairstyles. But many of the errors of this film could have been avoided. teacher Jesse James William Kvantrill mentioned several times, but all the actors mispronounced his name. We see Jesse and his wife goes into a complex two-story house (where he soon died) after the payment of rents in the amount of $ 18. In fact, the last residence of Jesse James (1318 Lafayette Street, St Joseph, Missouri) was a simple one-storey cottage rentals for $ 14. There was no chump ... yes, when Jesse James was killed, his wife could not come running from the top floor, as the Hope Lange is doing here. (It was actually in the kitchen.) <br /> <br /> One mistake Continuity: Robert Wagner (no understudy) does not do a bad job with the bullet in the jaw and fall while his hands were tied behind his back .. . but when he gets up, the rope binding his wrists disappeared. <br /> <br /> script does some strange and unnecessary juggling dates. After an attempted robbery Northfield, Jesse says that he expects to get home on his birthday. Actual Northfield bank raid James Gang (7 September 1876) was two days after the birth of Jesse James. (Perhaps he meant birthday next year.) Later, we see Jesse and his wife, who enter St Joseph home on a beautiful summer day, while Jesse tells her that he is going to do if Christmas eve is coming ... but in real life, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse James moved into this house on December 24, 1881 ... so that the scene should be * before Christmas! These errors have been completely avoided. <br /> <br /> Some of fictionalisations here does not make sense. According to this film, Northfield bank raid failed, because one (fictional) henchman sloped sharp telegraph wires. If it really happened, it would really hinder the escape of James Gang ... but it would not affect the itself the robbery, which failed for other reasons. <br /> <br /> There are good performances here Jeffrey Hunter (Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (Cole Younger) and stage actress Seldes in the rare role of the screen. I was disappointed, Robert Wagner, as a rule, is underrated actor. Elsewhere, Wagner proved his impressive range, convincingly portraying the hero, villains and morally ambiguous characters. Here, he can not seem to decide whether it is necessary to reflect the Jesse James as a positive hero or a villain ... so it does not much bother. John Carradine phone in his performance in the role of a fictional short jackleg preacher who baptized Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized as a child by his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but maybe this second baptism is the topping. <br /> <br /> Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt that Robin Hood Robin Hood anything, but that's another story). There is not a single documented case of Jesse James never sharing his loot with anyone outside of his family. After some of its jams, he did not even split the loot with the rest of his gang. In this film, Jesse gets shot right after he promises to give up his bandit ways forever. In fact, the night before his death, Jesse James and the brothers Ford stole horses that Jessie was planning to use the next day in a bank robbery Platte City. In preparation for the majority of his robberies, Jesse James stole a horse from local farmers ... the same poor people who (in inaccurate representations) alleged to have been the beneficiaries of his generosity. I cringed at the same stage, here, in which a fictional Jesse James so gol-Darney refined that he disapproved of oil painting, depicting a tasteful nudes. <br /> <br /> "The true (not much!) Story of Jesse James is willfully dishonest about the criminal murderer and dishonest about the Civil War. For very big tricks, a good installation and a few fine acting in line, I evaluate this obscenely Shameless movie 2 score of 10.
