Before you give porridge Spike Lee film SUMMER SAM-deserved thrashing, I would like to do one thing. I will not dishonor this movie just for its wealth of sloppy and unpleasant images. What makes this film so unwatchable is the fact that Lee seems to think that the summer SAM should be taken seriously as a social educational drama. Crime caper films of Quentin Tarantino, for example, filled with violence, profanity, and other song, but still very watchable ago Tarantino is not trying to pass these films on a socially redemptive works of art. He knows that such films are for entertainment value only. On the other hand, serious drama, such as Saving Private Ryan and Schindler's List often unpleasant to watch, but it is a nuisance for the development of the plot and characters of the film, with the ultimate goal to get the audience emotionally with the story and the characters on the screen. SUMMER the SAM, unfortunately, just buried in his sensationalism and sleaze, and believing that it acts as a social commentary, as well as other debris epics. <br /> <br /> SUMMER SAM does not serve as a serious drama, because his characters are just cardboard cutout stereotypes. His story pretends to show the emotional impact of hysteria over the Son of Sam at residents of the murder of predominantly Italian-American north Bronx district, where ocurred murder. However, instead of presenting the local people as a diverse mixture of people, or just the wheel with every negative stereotype of Italian imaginable. People are ignorant, lazy, hypersexuality goombahs. Women are divided between the weak, complacent "good girls" (Mira Sorvino in Dionna) and unpretentious "bad girls" (Jennifer Esposito Ruby). Or, it seems, wants vengeance "payback" Hollywood for years, their negative African American stereotypes of rolling out its own stereotypes, and few critics seem to care. When Martin Scorsese, for example, introduced the resident African-American district in bunches Amos «n Andy and Aunt Zhemaym stereotypes, critics rightly condemn such blatant stereotypes. More importantly, one-dimensional, stereotypical characters undermine any movie that tries to be a serious social commentary. <br /> <br /> Without exception summer SAM cast perfectly. Nevertheless, the current, mostly annoying. Toss or just going through the motions, or they have little to work with scriptwise. In addition, there is a noticeable miscasting. Comedian John Leguizamo's very talented, but his character Vinny seems stale, comic incarnation of John Travolta Tony manner with Saturday Night Fever. And Badalucco ~ d, long-term "good guy" actor is a bad thing, as the serial miscast killer David Berkowitz, coming across as funny and not scary. The only performance worth paying attention to this Adrien Brody as restless, but sincere, non-viscous Ritchie neighborhood. Performance Brody and usually stylish Lee cinematography only the merits of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 to ****
