Hearing the word of mouth how bad this film, I took the plunge and bought the DVD. Nevertheless, earlier said about this film for sure. For the film, which argued that there is a budget of millions, he just does not show on the screen at all. The list of problems with the film can last forever. Chief among them the film is simply too long. It lasted for a few minutes short of 3 hours. Almost an hour, probably, would be cut off while the editor was simply removed the overabundance of scenes associated with not more than, the protagonist wanders aimlessly. <br /> <br /> Secondly, since many of them have shown a "trailer", special effects, anything but special. Tripods looked good in a few shots here and there, but beyond that it was a class-Z in 1970 or 1980 quality. Probably, the worst consequences were all the horses that stretched strolling back and forth as they moved. thermal radiation effects were laughable, as people have been cut to the bone, something else had been able to rotate without any muscle. Also it had a miserable sequence of Thunderchild, which Thunderchild, described in the book as ironclad ram, did not look anything like that. Instead, he looked like a World War 1-era destroyer, complete with deck guns (which are baked, but had no visible crew) and the torpedo. <br /> <br /> The color and the backgrounds were as bad as the effects. The most ludicrous of all was a scene early on in which the main character and his wife to go on a night walk, and he points to Mars with her in heaven. Well, the sky is black, but the look of the characters and the landscape around them in broad daylight. There is also a very clear boundary between the real landscape, bathed in full sunlight, and a fake black night sky with stars over large unclear. To humiliate even further scenes color does not make sense. In some they are bathed in orange light. In other green light. In still others, it's a blue light. In some cases, the outer orange lights, but the interiors of houses green or blue. The frame rate and camera is very shaky, giving all kind of stuttering. <br /> <br /> Finally, acting as a whole subpar. One person draws the two characters that sole difference was one was missing a mustache. This led to some confusion at times, who's who and where they were. English accents, even American ears, outrageous. <br /> <br /> In general, this film could very well make a claim for the worst film released recently. I have not seen Gigli or some of the other recent failures, but that, because of its low quality in all respects, should be easily the worst of all, that the main Hollywood to extinguish. I would not be surprised if the movie makes it to the bottom 10 or 20 in the rating of IMDb. It is a pity that the Mystery Science Theater still around.
