* WARNING. There may be SPOILERS AHEAD if you care * <br /> <br /> Thus, the basic premise of this film homebrew Texas is :. College kids + spookhouse + evil magic book = terrible things. In practice, it is still a lot of time looking at the time to see how long the film will last. Bundle of frat boys, along with a variety of friends and volunteers, is to create a charity haunted house. The project is chaired by thoroughly disgusting nature, the main purpose of which appears to be in verbal and physical attacks as many actors as possible. I found it hard to believe that anyone would even try to work with that person in any capacity: it is nothing but rude and insulting to everyone, including his girlfriend and his buddy. Regardless of whether the children attend a local character and the annual champion pumpkin carving "Pumpkin Jack", an elderly coot, which is described as "Santa Claus Halloween", and which falls props load for the house, including the sinister book that featured in annoyingly strobe flashed prologue (wherein flock robbed cultist is put in hot). Needless to say, some fool starts messing with the book, and in the end most of the costumed monsters turn into the real thing, and the remaining few normal folk have to try to survive. There's some good stuff in this movie, but not so much: all is well filmed, and makeup worthy. On the other hand, the performers or to act as weakly or strongly caricatured; a large part of the plot has little meaning outside of "it happens that can happen," series; there is hardly a score of say, only snatches of songs for the film, and the film takes an hour to really get anywhere in this last problem. it is most revealing: two thirds of the 90-minute running time is used to re-establish the characters in the nice guy love Heidi control freak, but he used to date, Jill, who is currently dating this jerk, but she began to Kira relationship girl. on, which is too many scales / cloak. Dan really big breakthrough, Gary likes to joke, and Steve and Lily wanted to have lots of sex. Things that could easily have been considered for 20 minutes or so to pull further and further, to the point where lesbian "sex" scene (calm down, it's pretty tame) left me looking for a fast-forward button. this leaves us with half an hour's calorie panic in klunky ending and deep dislike Ol »Pumpkin Jack, who I blame for all the mess. If you can not get it at some deep-rent discounts (and really saw everything else in the store), put it on the shelf and keep looking.
