In this "continuation" Bruce is still called Billy Lo (get it? = Bruce Lee Billy Lo =. No?) But apart from the fact that all this has to do with another movie. Billy does not seem to be an actor more. He seems to be in another country. He looks more like a spy. He is the only member of the cast to return and, unfortunately, they killed him to prepare the way for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce died, the film pretty much dies with him. It was very poorly done. It seemed that they write the script as they were filming. Footage works for some time (it is not too obvious, in the first place), but soon Bruce are always displayed in the dark all the time (it casts light on one point there is no other apparent reason to hide the fact that it is not Bruce, who plays the part of the ). Unfortunately, when he dies movie changes. I can not help but wonder if they were filmed as they write, and perhaps planned well maintained Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him to leave, because it would not be believable as Bobby will not appear until they beat no he died. It is difficult to change the lead character in the film half, and Bruce is out of reach, so it's hard now accepting Bobby, like a star. Bruce never seen in the film. I think they should have done it without the continuation of Bruce, he has the unfortunate role in this film. People hoping to see a new movie Bruce Lee will be disappointed to see that, though he gave the first billing, it only has a differing role. Even the worst films of at least one memorable bit. If there was one little bit about the movie people seem to say that it is a scene where Billy fights in plant nursery. Oddly enough, it does not even use the Bruce Lee training. Keep in mind that they have not made it a lot more convincing many Retreat Surrender. None of the other actors here have ever done anything else memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce finished writing his letter to his brother. Nothing in the film is not worth watching. I have found that it is really sad to see Bruce dies. I do not see how a small budget movie, as it can get enough money to use footage from Enter The Dragon. It was a cheap way of trying to cash in on the name of Bruce. As strange as it is credited to the original in the filmography of Bruce. Fortunately, so far nobody tried anything like that again. And 1981 was the year of occurrence of the last film of Bruce. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately, this is proof that the film career of Bruce should be left alone.
