I would like to start by saying that I am not a supporter of the anime (with some exceptions), and I usually do not think much about the so-called otaku, since they are so in love with their particular brand that cartoons they call each film, starring spiky hair, big eyes of characters, like a work of art, not even taking into account other more important factors, such as the plot. And no better anime film is not the division between otaku and people with actual taste than this elegant piece of garbage, Fatal Fury :. In the film <br /> <br /> As you can see through the glassy, ​​mindless eyes otaku, there is little to find fault in Fatal Fury-- there are many quirky Japanese humor in one-on-one duels, some "dramatic" moments, and all beautifully drawn. But the rest will be disconnected from the clichés, predictable plot with formulaic, predictable characters, the culmination of clichés, predictable ending. Love scenes overblown-- funny scene in which Zulia "cures" Terry is clearly intended to be a tender moment, but it's almost impossible not to be thrown into a dizzying spiral of laughter sheer ludicrousness it. And, of course, Fatal Fury is not without necessarily cartoon T & A-- it comes unreasonably huge breasts Mai Shiranui. And as Fatal Fury based video game series of the same name (Oh Boy), we were treated to numerous nonsensical speech cameo popular characters with little or no relation to the story at all (they go through all the difficulties of introducing Kim early, only for it to disappear from the film completely after this point). This disorder of the film culminates with unintentionally farcical final battle, in which all the protagonists are engaged in an all-powerful villain in the one-on-one fight in turn. This kind of thing that always amuses me ... even when fighting in the anime does not pass in the tournament, they always happen, as if they were, regardless of the fact that it makes no sense at all! <br /> <br /> Otakus always rave about how anime movies should be seen as a film, and not just cartoons, and disturbing part of the same people like Fatal Fury. So Fatal Fury would be nice if this were not the anime? The answer is a resounding "no" - all the charm of the film, what little of it there is in actual figures. If Fatal Fury anime sun, it would be worthy of an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000, when the show was still in the air. It key-- is nothing more than a ridiculously bad B-movie in the form of anime epic. If you're a fan of movies so bad that they actually entertaining, consider renting Fatal Fury (or catch it on the channel Sci-Fi), as this is definitely one of them. If you are an otaku, please wake up and realize that a good 90% of the things you see, it's rubbish. As for everyone else, buy a Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the wolves, but do not even consider seeing this film.
