Sometimes the laughter in the middle of a horror film is a sign of his greatness. I remember the nervous laughter from the audience in the reissue of The Excorcist ?? very nervous laughter. It is punctuated by just how shocked we all looked the voice of Satan, that goes with the 12-year-old girl. In the case of 2006's remake of one thousand nine hundred seventy-two cult classic The Wicker Man though, it made me think that this new willow is about as scary as a South Park character, Scuzzlebut, friendly forest monster from TV Patrick Duffy leg and celery for the bracket, which is a favorite of weaving hobby wicker baskets. <br /> <br /> 3 years ago my Hollywood friend told me that he had heard that Nicolas Cage was going to do a remake. I started laughing and my friend (Keith) was angry at me Nicolas Cage touted as a great actor. I just did not think he could pull it out and, unfortunately for fans of the movie, I was right. Gone realism, outstanding original music, the originality, the horror and surprisingly powerful dialogue. Instead, we have the clichés of horror films, affected by the actions and changes in the storyline that make any credence to fall apart. Like many of the countless remakes of Hollywood we are bombarded with lately is the feeling that we are watching the 4th grader at the playground "playing the willow." <br /> <br /> The original film takes place on a remote Scottish island where a Scottish police officer lured there to find a missing young girl by the name of Rowan Morrison. In the new police back California (Cage) raised on an island off the coast of Washington State his former girlfriend to find her missing daughter. It sends the photo and lack daughter looks just as well, as the girl he was trying to save not so long ago in a fiery crash. Accident still haunts him, partly because the girl's body has never been found. However, even after he receives a letter with her picture in it, that the connection completely reject, as it heads north, alone, to help his ex-girlfriend to find her daughter. He arrives to find the island full of actors competing for Wiccans descendants, many of whom, it seems that they do not get called back roles in The Village. And The Village it's not long before you realize that there is nothing to fear here. Even not cloud the eye blind sisters who speak in unison. <br /> <br /> I think that the opportunity in Hollywood to make large amounts of money on film often comes at great expense to the artistry. I think that someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in so many films these days are losing touch with the magic of the film may be, if it gets to the point where he has a personal chef on the set preparing their snacks . We had a bad remake in Willow that we need another "9-11" movie. I'm beginning to wonder, Nicolas changed his last name from Coppola, because he wanted to or because he begged to do it.
