Everyone else who commented negatively about this movie did an excellent analysis of why this film is so bloody awful. I will not comment, but the film just bugs me so much, and writer / director in particular. So I have to throw in my hat, to join the skeptics. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and really enjoyed the wealth of music, sensuality and paganism in the modern world, and the clash of theological beliefs, it says that I am not part of the crowd that thinks remakes great films should not be made. For example, I liked the original 1950 "Invasion of the Body Snatchers," but equally enjoyed in the 1978 remake. Both films can stand on its own. Another example is the «The Thing». Original, mannered, as it looks in comparison with modern standards, has much to be proud of the 1982 remake with Kurt Russell (my favorite movie is constantly horror movies). So that a small minority of people who like to "The Wicker Man" remake can not blame me for dissing this piece of shit just because it's a remake. <br /> <br /> This film gave me strength sexism Lastet in and misogynist tendencies. It made me wonder how executives wishing to make a serious thriller, will be the green light to a product that is so anti-woman. There are too many scenes Cage hit a woman just because he was disappointed by their failure of its investigation of the missing girl. he responded, as the island in the other cases, where suspects are not supplied? Original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in the basis of the Goddess religion. The threat came from the protagonist of all, male and female. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. it was a bit heavy-handed and comfortable ( "The drone must die!"), especially when Cage's character has a bee allergy. I wondered why people on the island have no effect and only use physicality to stop these women from their treatment as grunts. They were not women with special supernatural power, and half of them, it seemed that she was pregnant, and the other half old and fat, and the rest of the girls and the thin light of street children, so if people really wanted to avoid that they can do what most men do when they hate women. Physically dominate them. There does not seem to be any weapons or weapons outside cutting tools to keep them when they were unhappy. But if they were content is unmanned aerial vehicles, why make them unable to speak? They can be used as a threat to Cage, because they will protect the community. They drones because Lastet seem to believe that the company ran a women leave a castrated man. (This film was made already. "The Stepford Wives," anyone?) The classic symptoms of people who are afraid of what might happen if women get their shit together and really were equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with misanthropic women's society is that it does not interested in movies and creates unintentional humor when the cell starts to knock a woman. I LaBute faith must egalitarian society I left one retained sexy and uninhibited debauchery, and pressed the button of discomfort for children on the island. No one likes to be pedophiles or child sexual exploitation. So how did the police react when he saw the lewd acts carried out by adults with children around? There would be a logical mental leap that these children are subjected to violence, thus, created to preserve the relevance of the missing child and get help for all children. LaBute said that he created the groom and daughter story thread to give the character Cage incentive to search. I do not think you need. Any child abuse to force an adult to respond to rescue them. The irony, of course, will be that child cell "saves" in the end, brought him death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was far-fetched and mannerisms. The entire third act was hilarious. The spectator I saw him burst out laughing (and later booed at the end). I just thought that the movie did not start well when I received a letter written in the handwriting of fantasy and all retrospective cutting in to show how wounded Cage. We do not need it. Just show him the arrival to the island to investigate a missing child. Most of us have seen in America "Law & Order» and other police procedural. We came to the cinema, as if we partner solutions Cage secrets. <br /> <br /> So a lot of potential ... wasted. Lastet, says head stick pictures for people who love their men's Angst-ridden play and click this sort. Stay with your own company men. Leave a thriller for people who understand thrillers. Here's your pot of honey. I'll see to it.
