Now I'm sitting here, forcing myself to finish it. I believe that I blew BUX 6 on VHS, could also suffer because of it. I remember, about 4 or 5 years ago, doing a search on the internet for "War of the Worlds" as a result of rumors about Spielberg's film at the time, and I missed the old TV series from the early 90's. Site to do it, that it was a multi-million dollar budget execution of the classic book. He was to be "the perfect translation." Perfect Shit more in tune with this film. <br /> <br /> The first video on this film was smoothed it looked as if I was watching on Full Motion Video from old computer mid-90th or video games Playstation CD-ROM. Sadly enough, the color quality was like. The cast did Shatners classical "dramatic pause" looks almost Shakespearean quality. the CG rendering of different scenes were terrible, and green screen sequence were worse than seen in old Dukes Hazardd scenes. <br /> <br /> Secondly, it is slow and terribly drawn out. I sat through a 45 minute video (no promo th at the start) until the cylinder is actually opened, the first foreigner. After that, the alien has been badly constructed CG squid. I am now an hour into it, and most of the alien weapons, I've seen it rotating silver disk (crappy even down), attached to a mechanical arm. The dramatic scene killed overly done instrumental over the years. The last thing on the fact that an alien invasion in the early 1900s, a century no one is concerned about their lives. It's like they do not have a clue. Although the media slowly, by word of mouth spreads quickly, and people would know. "The illusion of" day and night was poor at best. A simple change of color around the people in purple, blue or green does not mean the night. Perhaps some of the lighting and the actual seedlings night time would give much better illusion. There is a lot of unused sequences throughout the film just to watch the "hero" jump around and go down the road stupid. Get the film. I know how the people around you should not be so deep. <br /> <br /> Now, at last, in an hour and five minutes into the film, and they show the alien machines. Powerful Morphin Power Rangers better looking effects. Even skeletons evaporate people looked as if animated student of secondary school applications computer novice. Animation does not match with the landscape at all. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, people, if you want to "War of the Worlds", do one of four things. 1) Watch 1953 original, 2) to look at the beginning of the 90's TV series, 3) wait for a color rendition Spielberg will be released in the near future, or 4) Read frikkin book (that we all probably done in the elementary English class). AVOID THIS FILM. It's a waste of your money.
