Usually, when I write a review for a movie online, this is one of three reasons. Or, I found something very lacking in the film, which otherwise would have been fine, I feel that the public perception of the film before viewing it is inaccurate for a number of reasons, and I believe that the purpose or message of the needs of the film to specify or clarify with the help of other reviewers. While all of these reasons may be somewhat negative, I believe that the review writing, which spared nothing but praise and statements such as, "This is one of the best movies of all time!" Or does nothing to educate potential audience on its advantages and disadvantages, as well as not often give reasoning as to why the film is so good that it should be a viewpoint, in the first place However, as they say, the war of the worlds no more than a hasty, incompetent attempt to cash trapping;. piglet shield their vile carcasses dollar advertising campaign ilm of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg in a few million. Many people will buy this DVD on the eve of the summer blockbuster and many other poor souls will buy it looking for more material on the same theme. This film is not even "so bad" that it becomes ridiculous or endearing, and the audience will be so incredibly disappointed to reach the point of anger. Now, most of the icon out of the way, let me give some arguments as a warning to those more fortunate than I. <br /> <br /> according to the cover, and the absence of or rivers Lama for this movie (I found it in Sam's club for 8 bucks), I suggested that the cast will not be names and the special effects would not be anything too spectacular. Check. It does not really matter to me, as I believe, a big-budget and over-reliance on big stars name and SE can reduce the otherwise decent film. I also did not expect a large blown dialogue or move the number. Will you check it again What I did hope was an actual serious attempt on the classic theme and several others / battle scenes. <br /> <br /> At the present time, it should be announced in advance in accordance with policy IMDb any spoilers, no matter how small, so there is a fair warning. The film begins with a big silly small talk, and then a trip to the observatory to watch the red dot. Seriously, this is the picture the red point in the pipe. It is very difficult to describe every little problem in depth, but by the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of shaky camera-work, spliced ​​scenes, and a lot of walking begins to disrupt the viewer. However, surprisingly costumes are not bad, and the hope that the pods will show something mysterious keeps you going. The next 30 minutes are basically as follows: one of the main characters go to one of the pods, it looks at the pod and talking to others about the main character looking at the pod and it can be hot. They both go back to the city. These walks are not added to two seconds or so, it may be replaced with that dialog box. They have twenty seconds or more, and there just add the filler already bloated three o'clock movie. In a particularly grueling scene, the main character is shown looking at a pod, he showed pace and out of breath, he looks at the pod, it takes one minute walk across the field to the city, and then comes to the city and enters the building, he has cup of coffee and said, "Thank you, Mary" to accidental maid who serves him coffee, then he puts his coffee and leave the building, he walks minutes across the field and back with skin. I apologize for the extreme run-on sentence, but this is probably the best way to miss the whole movie. Characters talk too long about mundane things, they walk a lot, they are sending other people to walk, the camera varies between high speed and low speed, but not dramatic effect, just a camera man sophomore at Tech somewhere. Edit remarkably bad. People actions have little meaning. For example, if a professor is in the farmer's house and said that he wanted the farmer to give him a ride into town, a farmer walks and stuttering. When the professor says there's a pod and that men may be trapped inside, a farmer locks him in the barn, only to see the professor to capture Villa and discover weaknesses spilled second later. Nothing any consequences, of course, does not come from the whole of this scene, as a professor working in the protagonist a minute later, so they can start an afternoon walk. The whole movie feels as if someone has at some point had a good idea of ​​making the film, but did not know how to put that in motion. I saw the best video products of high school. And finally, the special effects are laughable and do nothing to advance the story. I get the feeling that the director really wanted to make this film has become a cult classic a few sweet debris. Nevertheless, it is so terrible in the technical aspects, and pure common sense that it just makes people wisely. Avoid this movie at all costs.
