You did not expect much from Chinese paintings, and with a few exceptions - mainly of Edgar G. Ulmer and more Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - this is exactly what you get: not so much. This "epic" of the Nazis in Africa, trying to incite the Arab revolt against the British are not very different. Scenario, a longtime China hacks Arthur St. Clair and Sherman Lowe, corny, funny, full of unfunny 'jokes' and plot holes the size of Outer Mongolia. Direction, a longtime China specialist non-budget Al Herman, floor-comatose at best. Performances, though - for incredibly incompetent and annoying unnatural lead Walter Woolf King, with the exception - are not really good. Veteran comedian Parkyakarkus actually the best thing about the film. He plays a guy from Brooklyn masquerading as a razor blade and a traveling salesman screen brightens considerably when it appears. He has great comic moment, charm and regret, it seems, with a hell of a good time. Duncan Renaldo quite convincing as Arab sheik - despite his Spanish accent - and veteran bad guy George J. Lewis, an Arab contender Renaldo does his usual fine job of meanness, even if it is a bit over time. Joan Woodbury quite pretty and has a nice light touch, and she and Renaldo have a great chemistry together, though - like the rest of the cast - it has none at all to the King. H.B. The Warner, whose career stretched back to the silent, gives little merit in low-rent production, despite the fact that he blows his line a few times, and China is the PRC, they have not been cut. There's a lot of footage spliced ​​into a big-budget silent film with a similar theme Arabic - although I do not know that it is - and China is China, no effort was made to try to make it inconspicuous I have rarely seen footage, that was so obviously <br /> <br /> «Yankees in Libya" is not very good, of course - well, well, that will not do - but it would have been. worth a look, to see, Parkyakarkus in the prime of life. I have heard about him and knew that he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but I never saw him in anything before. It's worth watching this ten-course Chinese "extravaganza" just to see it in action. Otherwise, forget it.
