You just have to love the opening sequence in "The Seven Women for Satan" ?? During the intro has a naked girl running through the woods, pursued by a hunting dog and malignant looking dude on a horse until it drops off a cliff and splits her head open on a rock. Then the camera pulls back on the guy's face, and we see how he just sat at the table, while his secretary is waiting for him to sign a paper. "Oh, I'm sorry, I lost in my thoughts ??" he says! Sweet, I stumbled on another film entirely bonkers. Even if you only understand at least the French and look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven Women for Satan" have nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices have not received, and just cool to bright tricks twisted and deranged countdown during his holiday in the countryside. It is, in fact, yet another variation on the theme running classical milestones «The Most Dangerous Game» about disturbing hobby senseless people hunt ?? mostly hot naked chicks - in the woods for sports. Well actually, it's more than just a variation on the one thousand nine hundred thirty-two classics, as well as writer / director / actor Michelle Lemoine had a claim directly link your hero legendary villain Lel Banks in the "most dangerous game." Count Zaroff allegedly the son of the original Count Zaroff, but he traded his private island for a remote French village. In addition, it can not afford to be unemployed longer, so it is an office clerk from Monday to Friday and maniacal killer during the weekend. Zaroff is a true pervert, who hallucinates about dancing with the dead woman, but actually running his car over the living ones. His butler once vowed to prevent Zaroffs of murder, but he was obviously doing a lousy job. There is no depth in the script and building certainly does not pay attention to unknown or sinister atmosphere. In fact, the only useful thing to do during this film find a girl that trap deceptive Zaroff and I hope that they will reach the seven fast. Half of the film is pointless and tedious packing frames as erotic dance is too long an act in which a statue inexplicably turns beefy black guy (???), and the other half there is a psychedelic sleaze that eventually grows tiresome, and despite the then, all the girls look great. I got the impression that it is the intention of Michel Lemoine emulate his friend roll and make a deliriously strange sex thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so it will inevitably also stars Jesse Franco regular Howard Vernon ( "The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine himself certainly has the look of a crazy killer, but not the talent to reflect one.
