The 1930 was the golden age of the Los Angeles film industry with great potential and a variety of other opportunities to become rich and famous and happy. People came there hoping to realize their dreams. Expecting open arms and welcoming the proposals were only a few who have managed to succeed and find your way to fame, most of then are doomed to live hungry, disappointed and undesirable looking for some respect in dirty bars and nasty rooms. <br /> <br /> The young Italian American writer Arturo Bandini comes to Los Angeles in search of this - to extend his spell around to get one of these beautiful rich women and write a great novel, which would put him on a career path being still wrote one short story published in an obscure book. Wanting to create a romantic masterpiece, it does not seem to be able to produce something without experiencing it himself, though sometimes he sends the log pieces of local history editor who helps him survive. He proudly presents itself as the Italian, but deep down he really feels his Italian origins, as a burden. Some money and courage to conquer the world, he had all long gone, and watching his dream of becoming a hangover, he keeps the last single nickel spent. <br /> <br /> she brought him coffee was cold and sweet and spitting curses at her attitude is endless icons, unspoken excuses and love hidden underneath. Camilla be uneducated girl trying to obtain US citizenship through marriage also has its heavy cross-nya promising racial heritage. Although it is much stronger and more experienced human life with its provisions in a beautiful Mexican woman it is much harder to deal with than Arthur is able to implement. <br /> <br /> It is obvious that Arthur eventually finds his inspiration to work on a novel? Could it be that their love finally finds its place under the sun? Is it likely that their romance takes a bad turn? <br /> <br /> It is very strange to know that the chemistry between the two main characters, played by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, is not working. Relationships are not enough raw materials and real feelings. Hayek even livelier character than with Farrell forgot Camilla with passion and force her once brilliant character Frida. In addition, it is difficult to believe in the characters, which is the future intelligent but uneducated and illiterate uses a fairly complex vocabulary and complex sentences. More stringent kind of Phil Marlowe, of course, Farrell fit better, although he looks great in an old suit, he seems very lost trying to find the fragile peace in the twenty-year-old dreamer balance between the hidden love and the desire to be true to himself. <br /> <br /> Feeling confused look on the screen two is not so. Their relationship can be wild, but it is likely that the thunder and lightning is, without a storm, far from the real passion, feelings just described do not feel inside. It is very sad that such a potential interesting script and good actors has been wasted, it turned into a gray average soon to be forgotten.
