It must be painful to take part in the daily newspapers, as the shooting continued on this film failure. Perhaps Cruz holes. Prodi., I saw what was happening and was Toney use a much more naked shots in the final version, that Toney wanted to make up for the disaster he saw looming. (Maybe Cruz even thought of "Titanic.") A few points: Colin Farrell can not act his way out of a paper bag. But he is one of, favorite flavors-off producer of the decade and one is forced to avoid the embarrassment of looking at him, without visiting his films. He has so many things without believing in what he does, and you can see it in his eyes. I think he would have been at its best as a film actor, though not so rich or famous as he is now playing second banana dynamic inferences that can act. Traps to spend a lot of money for a set period, costumes, cars, etc., and take pictures of them, as if they had just come from the dry cleaning or car wash / wax. Nobody seems to want to watch something, well worn. Or dirty. Is this because the artist told the producer line to make sure they do not destroy the material, because then the company wouldhave to pay for the damaged items? <br /> <br /> It was the story of depression- thirties people, not the Disney Broadway musical about the era. How to do it in black and white or even better, considering Caleb Deschanel as your DP, in his desaturate color during mixture to offer some of the actual dirt and poverty of the times. It was, after all, a little upsetting to live so badly, how do these people depressed. More on Farrell. Does anyone believe for a moment that this man was a writer? H.L. Menken on the wall; I saw his eyes roll at one point? Hayek and Farrell as sexually dynamic duo? Sending a boy to do the work of men? Perhaps, in a book I have not read, the story was about the old women and young people. I can not go into the middle to latter part of the film, because I jumped in the early stages. But the memory of the scenes I saw made me think that someone does not really funny parody of film noir. Sort of a Saturday Night Live has been like over the last decade is not funny. (In my mind, I kept thinking of Guy Noir sketch, music and everything.)
