Ned Kelly (Ledger), a notorious robber and Australian legend. Kind of like Robin Hood, with a mixture of Billy the Kid, Australians love the legend of how he stood up against the oppression of the English aristocracy and the lower classes united to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of the time was about 70% of immigrant criminals seem to casually skim around this film. In fact, a lot of so-called 'facts in this film, on reflection, a little questionable. <br /> <br /> I believe that suspicions were aroused when in the opening credits, it was stated that it is a film based on the book `Our Sunshine." If ever romanticized version of the truth, you can see the name for the book, there it was. It will not be a historical epic, but simply adapt one of the many dubious legends Ned Kelly, although severe and rigid version sporadically. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly's nothing more than bloated channel Hallmark `real life historical drama" wannabe! History runs along at an alarming rate (alarm, because the film has dragged on so slowly!) Numbness after two hours of pure nonsense brought to the memory of the terrible Costner Wyatt Earp all those years ago. Simply put, nothing happens in the film, but it takes a lot of time getting to this nothing. It may have been a little stronger, if appearances were good (since the direction of sure as heck was not). However, if you do not want to play the game the worst place Oirish accent, then you will be disappointed. Meanwhile, the game 'Who has a bad beard? 'Spot' explicit Backstabber! (The key is, they are ginger, for some reason), and `Nature Australia.including lions, it is an experience similar to flipping Hallmark, The History Channel, Discovery Channel, and neighbors while suffering from a huge hangover. Yes, nature pops up a lot to fill more time (perhaps an attempt to see Arty), the film continues to show the senseless shooting of wildlife, and as soon as all the native species is shown here for the circus to let the camel and the lion (which is used in a contest to try to make us actually feel more sorry for the lion than the dead people). <br /> <br /> It is a pompous, soulless piece of historical fluff, which was supposed to go straight to the TV. There is not even a good word I can say about this film. Even the usually fantastic Rush seems embarrassed to be here. If one of the characters says that there are only two bullets left for him and his friend, I've wished I had a gun to blow up any memory of this film out of my head!
