I can not pass by this film. He laid too obvious to ignore, and it is not proper, because he lost his sense of what it's about. I have not read the novel, but the film Pollack opens with a scene in a CIA front organization in New York, which is divided into two professional killers, led by Max von Sydow, who proceeds to kill a tough brisk half-dozen members of staff we came to know and understand. Employees include older female receptionist, fussy old professorial guy who hangs falls when he guns (the joke?), And, finally, the beautiful Tina Chen, who looks from the copier, understands that it is going to be killed, and says plaintively daring, "I will not cry." Von Sydow responds sympathetically, "I know." The killings of a sudden, savage, unmotivated nothing that we understand, and graphics. It's a tough scene. <br /> <br /> There's absolutely no way in which von Sydow and his henchman can be repaid. And yet, that is exactly what Pollack tries to do until the end. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent good guy, background here take the side (because the other party is willing to pay him) and kill the evil mastermind behind a complex eye CIA conspiracy. The script then converts it into a perfectly reasonable, sensitive man. "It is better to live in Europe. Things are not so rushed. "Or whatever. I swear I'm not making this up. Pollack wants us to believe that it is better to be honest than a mass murderer crooked officials. This message. You must write it down in case you forget. Just what kind of psychiatric slaughter you must have in order to transform typical values, not to mention common sense, up and down like this? I understand that there are caring adults who do not like the United States government, even to hate him, and who sees conspiracy almost anywhere, providing a knee-jerk explanation for otherwise inexplicable events. I know that the people who think this way there because I enumerate some of them among my closest friends. However, at some point, I do not like it, this hatred, when it increases in intensity, must go beyond politics and ethics, and in the sphere of mental health. I do not for a moment believe that the man who kills people for money is better than a sinister government official. I do not care how suave and cultured killer or he knows how to get to the Louvre on whether the subway. Whoever procurement that the message should either medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I would like to be able to say that the production is as rotten as his message, but I can not. It is very well done. (In a sense, what is worse, because it makes the film less dismissable.) Even New York is as photogenic on screen. And it's been a long time since I thought it was in New York as photogenic. Robert Redford does an excellent job projecting the initial shock of his character and embarrassment, but then turns into a telecommunications semi-genius. And man, it looks just fine! His wardrobe again. Even his rimless glasses are. And his peacoat. It is not everyone who can make a dark jacket look glamorous. He seems to be very beautiful and scum. I want to look. I want to wear a denim shirt and a tie with panache. Faye Dunaway in the order in his role, but it is not too believable role. Would anyone willing to sleep with a guy who had just stolen her and holds her at gunpoint? Even if he looked like Redford? Will there be any emotionally injured if, if it's an ambivalent relationship to the end, Redford told her not to tell anyone about what happened? Cliff Robertson amazingly well. He makes one or two very good double-doubles. Postman is excellent. The fight between him and Redford in crowded apartments exquisitely choreographed and, this time, we do not really know for sure how it will turn out, because Redford (book to read after all), it seems mismatched against brute cunning of a hired assassin. This is one of the final roles in John Housemann. Shame. He is a magnet on the screen. And the fact that the end of his life, one finds him lost, wandering the streets of New York, in an area he was familiar with a large part of his life. <br /> <br /> So, the film is very well made, but I can not ignore the flaws, paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl "Triumph of the Will." Or Olympic documentary, in which the speaker looks foot race in which Jesse Owens pulls into the lead and says ominously, "This black man is dangerous."
