It's kind of hard for me to say it, because I liked it so much as the "Objectives" and "the Paper Moon", but I thought that «The Last Picture Show" was more exciting, but too self-indulgent film. Its main positive, as I understand it, this wonderful photos. But the film has nothing to offer for me for superficial beauty (and kind of hidden beauty while). The characters were very difficult to tie or take care of. Basically, you have a very slow pace and the naturalistic style of acting, but it was all there to support very formulaic and predictable plot, complete with all the trappings that you would expect from any small town romance - everything from the boy cheating wife his teachers for handicapped children, which one chooses to. It was like "American Graffiti" without joy of life <br /> <br /> Some might say that this film is more realistic. - now many people believe that realism is the only merit of the film can have. But about as much as I would like to spend a few hours in the city helpless characters live the film was just gloomy for me, and I want to see him again. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie is really only belongs to its time - maybe if I saw him in 1971, I would have been surprised by the novelty of simply seeing something else on the screen. But it will basically assume that I did not have anything like, say, Godard's "Breathless" is not seen. Maybe obvious references to classic films would appeal to the movie geek in me and helped me to overlook some of the weaknesses of the film. But in a post-Tarantino world, which hardly seems unique or special something. <br /> <br /> I wonder, though, how he uses film to film, to give his own film more depth. We see 3 movies, as I remember, in the picture show. Firstly, we see Vincent Minnelli in "Father of the Bride" - exquisite appearance Liz Taylor provides a contrast to friend Sonny and study environment of the upper middle class Minnelli contrast to the "real life" environment of the character in the same way. Later, clips from Howard Hawks 'Red River' emphasize the theme of broken friendship between teacher and protégé. It's really just reminds me that Bogdanovic kisses the ass of his own teacher, as he did, if I remember correctly, choosing the film Hawks as part of their own thought on the screen with Boris Karloff in "Objectives". I believe that in 1971 this kind of thing was new, but looking at it now it just seems self-indulgent, like much of the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> In the end, I would prefer to see another film Hawks, or the Ford Minnelli than the film Bogdanovich remind us why they were so amazing, so less than subtle way. Maybe he intends to remind us of the giants, whose time has passed - all it does is remind us how little he and most of his contemporaries in the relationship.
