We should all congratulate Uwe Boll. He has done the impossible. He may be the only director to have two films in the lower 100 on IMDb! It is similar to some cinematic cockroach. No matter how little talent he is, and no matter how bad these movies, he failed to keep them to do. I know that it finances itself through them all some bizarre German fund, but despite this, its ability to continue to make films despite the absolute, utter failure is one of the greatest mysteries of the universe. <br /> <br /> This would not be so bad, except that video game developers continue to give their best properties of this guy. I really enjoyed the one in the series Dark games. Even the last one, the new nightmare was good for a few hours of play. There was a good movie to be made of the adventures of Edward Carnby, but it is not. Now Uwe Boll got his hands on the Bloodrayne and Hunter and pay. What's more, Silent Hill? Doom? I can only imagine lugging that this guy is going to cut through the adaptation of the game-to-movie if he did not stop. Someone has to pick up his line of credit, or the video game publishers should wise up and realize that if they make a bad movie from the game that kills the franchise, no one is interested in that title anymore. <, Br /> <br /> Think about it, House of the Dead and Alone in the Dark viable name of the game anymore? No way. New House of the Dead games coming out for the X-Box, and nobody is going to care. The name is dead, and all because of Uwe Boll. So if any of you out there working for the publisher of the game, or the publisher knows the game, or have access to the game publisher ... Please warn them. <br /> <br /> By itself, this film is not even worth considering. I can not separate the fact that I did not like about this pile of manure from the rest of it. Literally everything about it sucks. Drawing up, acting, music, CG effects, editing. I thought that if I waited until he came out on DVD, and then rent it with low expectations, I would not be disappointed. Boy, I was wrong. Never underestimate the ability to earn greater Uwe Boll steaming pile of crap.
