I usually start relay premise of the film, but before anyone makes any snap judgments about my review, let me get ahead of the fact that someone I love most of all movies (just check out my other reviews). Alone in the Dark film directed by Uwe Boll, whose film just before this one was House of the Dead (2003). As one in the darkness, it was also a film adaptation of the video game. Almost all hated him. Well, I loved it. I even gave it a 10 out of 10! My point is this (which is sure to turn some readers immediately) is that even if I hated the Alone in the Dark, there must be something wrong with him <br /> <br /> preconditions :. Who am I kidding? Trying to formulate the preconditions for this movie is about as easy as trying to balance the budget of the United States, but here goes anyway. Some archaeologists have found evidence of some lost tribe of American Indians. Indian tribe apparently found some means of broaching the "second world", which was evil in nature. Bad things have destroyed them, but not before they could lock the door to the world of evil and throw away the key. Later, some scientists / government researcher who experimented with the paranormal, and this particular tribe, decided to conduct an experiment on some children, to try to produce a hybrid with another world. (Believe it or not - everything up to that point, and then some tell us in writing the prologue to the film - it's just white text scrolling across a black screen with an off-screen and read it to us). Then, there was something about the children in the orphanage, but the government takes them back, and then a bunch of people looking for archaeological relics, and there is a super men roaming around, and a lot of military people called in, and so on. <br /> <br /> In fact, the exposure has never stopped. It's like an endless prehistory from hell. There are enough ideas here to fill in at least 10 films, maybe 25. But not one of them presented in a consistent manner, to create a good film. The annex to the mystical lost Indian tribe and a superman, we also get a monster resembling a cross between an alien and a werewolf, worms that invade the body and turn into snakes, like an alien worm tunnel underground zombie ~ d, Starship Trooper-like war , evil scientists, underground lair, gold mines, spooky warehouses, impalement, large mostly unused museums, government conspiracies, gold trunks pulled out of the sea, the nuns, explosions, complex Backstabbing areas, rather ambiguously first novel, chase, home invasions, kitchen sinks. ,, Wait, I can not remember when the last one was in the movie. Even more surprising (amusing?), In Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson was quoted as saying, "We spend much more time in the history, being very meticulous about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark "smarter than the movie." <br /> <br /> Let me not mislead. Many of these things above may seem yummy to the potential audience for this film, but the problem is that nothing has any relevance to anything else. Normally I had no idea what relation it was any setting in any other environment, why we were there, that if someone is doing (at least, when the beginning of each scene). This is just a random jumble of settings and clichés as if directed by Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas into a hat and drew them as lottery numbers. Then, when he was done, he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the film with the help of cubes, then re-throwing the I Ching. Sometimes the film plays like a reel extend the standard of director (which is a combination of short, varied, unrelated scenes, director circulating to try to get a job), but perhaps it is too generous. I'm not sure that Ball would have a job if it were his drums. <br /> <br /> Just as I tend to, at least, like most movies, I tend to like most actors, and most performances. It is very rare that I say that the performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid is bad here - and I'm someone who usually likes to Reed. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the movie, they simply move it around the set like a propeller. They may also just bought a doll inflated. It would save them money which they could use for some CGi ghosts and vampires in the castle and the cemetery setting. Maybe they decided to move it around like a pretty piece of driftwood after they had seen footage of her muttering nonsense dialogue in monotone, which is usually reserved for the mother-in entertainment law. <br /> <br /> And speaking of that dialogue, much more in the dark as the movie plays without Godzilla Godzilla. By this I mean, that's a lot of pseudoscientific gobbledy-gook. At least in the Godzilla movies have campiness to it, because they know how it's funny, and there's a big win is that we get to see Godzilla destroy the town center and battle giant mosquito with radioactive beams death shooting from his eyes or something . <br /> <br /> Only Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, except replays and filing lawsuits against their agents, it is difficult to say. I can not say that I thought that someone in the movie was a decent performance, though it may be, at least, Slater saw a cigar. I think it is unprecedented for me. <br /> <br /> However, I did not give this movie 1 was some competent cinematography, even though Ball and Schwadel made mincemeat out of him, and hard rock music over the end credits were good. Heck, even the prologue story was not so bad. I actually thought that the film was promising at this point. But it might just be the worst movie I have ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
