This movie just goes to prove that not every film made in Hollywood's glory days is worth a look. Just because you have a great ensemble cast, it does not mean that it can overcome a script that probably written by a chimpanzee! Think about it - the film featured Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Grahame, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart and yet it was still a bad film! The basic premise of the movie is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital, where the staff are more screwed up than patients! In addition, the plot involving overloaded spouses (WIDMARK and Graham) had a lot of promises. However, the scenario has been treated with all the subtlety and dexterity drunk buffalo - with a belligerent and by over the top of the scene again and again in the film. In fact, it was less like a drama and more like a very bad episode of «General Hospital». Thin, this film does not !! Realistic, this film does not !! <br /> <br /> While a large part of the reason this film was a strong smell awful script, but I also blame the manufacturers, as well as for miscasting and abusing come veteran actors. For example, Paul Stewart may not be a household name, but the character the actor had an exceptional talent - especially when playing a gangster in the film noir movies. However, here, Stewart is cast as a very nondescript psychiatrist with some fancy European accent - it just does not work, since it was far beyond his acting range, and his character was completely undeveloped, and one-dimensional. In addition, Charles Boyer just seemed hopelessly and completely miscast ridiculous. Seeing this beautiful romantic actor as a psychiatrist in the heart of America just seemed strange. <br /> <br /> In general, it's pretty awful film. This is a very watchable train wrecks delivery path, but it is certainly not a pretty sight. My wife and I did not like most of the film, but felt that it might be the writing was very good was competent <br /> <br /> PS. - In the case of art imitating life, Oscar Levant playing one of the patients, in real life, a brilliant Levant spent most of his life in and out of mental institutions.
