First of all I would like to mention that this film has absolutely nothing to see with the Dutch folk stories ghost ship, which is also called the Flying Dutchman. In this film you will not see any sailing vessel. You will not see the sailors, ghosts, or anything remotely interesting. This is not the story of the ghost ship, and I want them to have notified it to the principal loan, or I would not have watched, because I really thought it was a film about the legend. It seems that many people think that the film deals with the legend of the ghost ship, since the film shown on the Wikipedia page for "The Flying Dutchman" legend ... I do not understand why. It may be based on the legend, resembling called "Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they simply adapt the worst part of the legend? The film begins with a fight sequence that will allow anyone to hope that the film will have a battle scene. Unfortunately, this is the only battle scene of the film. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (Krank who was in the city of lost children) for two seconds, and let somebody would hope that the film will have a good effect. Unfortunately, it is very bad in the film. The same can be said about the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best actors ever Italia, and who are condemned to embody crazy bird Wranglers no back story, whose only goal is to appear to be " wise man "from the movie. And boy, does this film have to wiseness! Every other character of history, it seems, likes to swim in the feces, yelling, torturing others (excrement), fornication (in feces) or laying in the feces of some more just for fun. It seems to be so much fun that each story the hero gets his or her turn in the feces discharged at the point or the other. Based on the Dutch filmmaker, you might think that the extreme dirtiness and shockingly real scum are essential elements in the part of the period, the elements that have contributed to make the film by Dutch director Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood" such a great film. The idea, «Flesh + Blood» let somebody would hope that the film also dirty and visually straightforward it would be good. Unfortunately, unlike the «Flesh + Blood», there is a dramatic progression, no fights, no good game actors, and put simply, is not "flesh and blood". Photography, like the opening sequence takes place, well done and enticing. It also stops at the beginning of the film. Music by Nicola Piovani (with «La Vita e Bella" fame) repetitive and annoying when it does not matter (it sometimes means that there is greatness in sequence, while the on-screen actors splashing in liquid manure). During the first "act" of the film, which lasts less than one hour (!) The film takes place within the same perimeter that around the farm, where the main characters live. Symbols are playing with a lot of excrement, are drowning in it, play in it. A long period of time that passes through numerous ellipses for allowing the main character, a young boy who loves to play in the feces to be older and still play in the feces. Bird-man talks a lot to talk nonsense in Italian. Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing is meaningless. All confused and takes several hours to make it happen. Then there's the second act called "Ship" in which we see what could have been a ship for a long time, but now remained of the ship (covered with excrement I mentioned?). The main character, going a little further away from the farm, just happens to run into it, and decides that it's really cool, so let us live in it. Hunchback who lived in it before trying to kill him, but he does not mind, because I (did I mention?) He's not very bright. He thinks that a ship can move and hopes that go with it, yet the conquistadors did not show up (at least they seemed to be conquistadors because of the hat in the style of Don Quixote, but as I said it was really confused, who is who) do a Dutch prisoner, along with retarded hunchback, and they burn the ship to land. The last part of the movie, which is really hard to be a spectator, because it just consists of more feces with even more backward an average age of farmers in fighting it, takes place in an insane asylum. However, more torture and drowning each other's feces. More hanging around for the director, who seems to have definitely abandoned their work or moved on to the second assistant camera crew to make the rest of the work. In the end, many of the mentally contested new "friends", the Dutchman did die. The woman he had sex with someone who was the wife of his brother to start with trying to meet his own son. The Dutchman and his son talk. The film ends after two hours Dungy images and harmful actions and performance. Then, titles and the audience fell very free from having to watch brutal movies with no plot, which claims to be something exciting like fantasy films based on legends, while they are nothing but a mere catalog of both full of excrement some movies can get if they do not have sufficient financial authority to put in place fights, or even horses.
