That same night, I was watching this, I also watched «Scary Movie 4," which makes for a messed up a dual function. Unfortunately, for these killer tomatoes they could not get a laugh riot, which is the Scary Movie franchise. While I was struggling melancholy here, watching the jokes that were silly and stupid, severely dated and severely ill, the more recent parody made me laugh. How could I wish for more than that. Directed by John De Bello uses the basic premise that any growth hormone has gone wrong and turned into a killer tomatoes. But its main purpose is to slap around the disaster movie genre, which was so great back in the day. Stoner scenario smacks of humor, and perhaps if you are taking banned substances from a movie night this may be your cup of tea. I'm sober, I paused to watch a grown man to go undercover as tomatoes. And this is one joke that never funny when the discrepancy between the Japanese-speaking actor and voice over here, too. Some may chuckle, I did not. They even had a Hitler joke that was not funny, and I thought that all of Hitler jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The story of this film so split (without good reason), it is almost impossible to explain Tomatoes kill people, the government is trying to stop him, tell bad jokes. Their goal may be correct, since their goals include the media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Oddly enough the main selling point of the film, these tomatoes Gosh darn, does not really make much of appearance. And when they do get it, they played real tomatoes. It washed the trick did not do anything for me, I get very little out there to watch a package of tomatoes to devour the body thanks to the magic tricks of the camera stop action. There is also a fear of going ahead at work here, which prevents the film to be really funny. Gag the one who falls asleep almost every scene can please some members of the audience, but more than likely, will be considered as an invitation to join in the fun. <br /> <br /> I would also add that it seems to be some old-fashioned man selfishness at work here. Man eating tomato, and this dinner tomato eating people, and this worldwide catastrophe. But this is just the way the world works. In the film production becomes evil because of a genetic modification, but in the real world, our products (see Taco Bell) becomes angry due to neglect. And these evil deeds chives shelf life of the film ended long ago. There are a few good chuckles to be had. The last shot was really great, but it was nowhere near enough to keep this moderate stink bomb. I'm sure there's a good movie buried deep within this concept, but the script had to be filtered through a dozen rewrites to get there. And "there" I mean at the level of "Scary Movie 4" ** 1/4
