If you find yourself a well-known expert in the cult film and / or a bad film-making, there comes a certain point in your life ?? preferably sooner rather than later ?? you have to watch "Attack of the killer tomatoes". It is inevitable confidence, as it is one of the most notoriously terrible cult films ever. One small but important detail, however, is that the "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" deliberately awful. Right of the post opening already mocking Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds", is clearly designed as a zero-budget parody of and I can not shake off the impression that the writer / director John De Bella never waited for his film to become such a hit film substitutes modern popular trend of so-called "eco-horror" films (plants, animals and nature in general apostasy against humanity) and is the least threatening type of vegetable imaginable as invincible killing machine. Agro secret government to produce more, and tastier tomatoes goes horribly wrong, and soon there are reports of a tomato-based attacks from across the country. President collect special forces team to fight the enemy of school, which includes secret agents with very specific areas of knowledge and scientists voiced monstrous voices. The first half-hour "Attack Killer Tomatoes" is very interesting. As silly as it is, the kind usually shaped vegetables jumping out of the shell and the attacks of hysterical housewives quite original and entertaining. The first half-hour also contains numerous memorable moments, like a catchy theme song, honoring the "Jaws" and the notorious unexpected helicopter crash (see detail for more details), who made it into the final version. After that, however, it all turns into a tedious, unstructured and unbearably amateurish mess. jokes quality level is fresh and inventive side in awkward and quite funny, and there are too many characters and sub-plots. Personally, I prefer the late '80s and early' 90s for (that I've seen before to see the original), because they benefit from a slightly better production values, an incredibly over-the-top special effects and the presence of tomato veteran actor John Chill ( "family of the family"), like a mad scientist Dr. Gangreen. But, as mentioned previously, the original remains unexplained mandatory viewing material at some point in your life.
