*** Warning - this review contains a "plot spoilers", although nothing can not "spoil" the film more than it already is. It really is that bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I begin, I would like everyone to know that this is definitely one of those so incredibly bad-a-wa-fall-over-laughing movies. If you're in a light-hearted mood and need a very hearty laugh, this is a movie for you. Now without further ado, my review: <br /> <br /> This film was found in the bargain bin at Wal-Mart. This should be the first clue to how good the film is. Secondly, it stars a lame action star Dolph Lundgren. This should be the second clue as to how good the film is. I'm still in shock, it was even put on DVD (who would spend their money to do such a thing?), Though, as you can imagine, there are no additives or bonus footage on DVD. In fact, not even a menu; movie just starts playing. <br /> <br /> First of all, the author of this film deserves to be tortured and killed. He has one of the worst-case scenario ever written, and suffers from terrible jokes; strange incredible fake dialogue; and ridiculous comments (Li comment on. the ERR. Lundgren courage, which I will mention later). There is not a sincere sounding line in the entire film. Dialogue and story go hand in hand, both the script and the story as progress in a completely nonsensical fashion. Two cops hate each other for no apparent reason in the beginning, and then for no reason, the character of Lee pulls on the side of the road runs on the other side of the car and says, 'I will not let you go alone, because despite on myself, I love you! And I do not want you to kill! Or something to the extent in any way. There is a disgusting one-liners, mostly, Lee said. For example, if duking it out with the bad guy, Lee said that `You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to be dead! Finally, I will mention at once absurd and meaningless remark that Lee makes a Nether regions in Lundgren. If the bad guys start attacking after seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrera, and Lundgren decides to fight with them in their underwear, Lee tells him: `Incase we die, I just wanted you to know that you have the biggest dick I've ever seen on a guy. Yes, he actually said that. It makes no sense and is not even possible (Lee never actually sees Lundgren naked, because he knows?), But the author threw it in the script anyway. The whole movie looks like some sort of action video games, and Lee even recognize it. After Lee and underwear only Lundgren defeat all the bad guys, Lee makes a comment, which is also a really beautiful: `Wow, this is kind of like a video game; we just won the first wave! »<br /> <br /> Secondly, the plot of this movie mean. He suffers, in my opinion, mainly due to the fact that it simply does not exist. Trailer of the film - that IMDb has to show, by the way - does that sound like a film about two police officers who try to stop the Japanese yakuza, who took on the Lost Angeles. This is extremely misleading, however, since the film has almost nothing to do with it at all. They make very short, vague references to the yakuza tries to start your business with local methamphetamine drug traffickers, but the whole movie revolves around ACTUALLY badly written attempts to Kenner (character Lundgren), to avenge the death of his parents, which Yakuza leader (named Yoshida ) died when he was only 9 years old. The whole plot is, in principle, can be expressed as follows: Yoshida wants Kenner dead, Kenner wants Yoshida dead, and two two try to kill each other. And, of course, always sarcastic sidekick Kenner (in the name of Johnny and played Brandon Lee) acts as an ignorant idiot and Tia Carrera exposed. twice. <br /> <br /> has one of the worst parts of the whole movie. The dialogue is so unreal and totally disingenuous portrayal of this emphasizes this even more. You would expect the poor acting of action stars in one way or another, but this film highlights some of the most incredibly bad actor ever recorded <br /> <br /> Finally we get to the heart of meanness film :. By challenging bad actions. There are so many amazing bad, unrealistic sequences in this film of action, it's just very strongly they were able to fit them all in. Although Lee has its fair share of bad scenes, as well as, in most cases, really hardcore action includes Lundgren. For example, Lundgren carelessly takes four or five kung fu bad guys with one hand without spilling the tea. Then, when struck by the oncoming speeding car, Lundgren accidentally skip over it. Or how about when he reaches through the closed door, grabs the villain on the other side, pulls it back through the door and hit him? Or when he raises Tia Carrera, walks gently (not working) back through the glass doors, which breaks down around him, and jumps storey height Tia still in his hand, only to then raise the entire car without the slightest effort, and uses it as a barricade to protect their bullets? All unscrupulous terrible gunfight, and with Lundgren and Li kill every bad guy instantly, while the rain of bullets from his fifty strikers never seems to hit one of them. That is, of course, before the final fight scene of the film. Lundgren gets a shot at close range in his bare chest in the region, even if it is possible to miss his heart, it is still just beginning to fill the lungs with blood and kill it for a few seconds. Despite this, Lundgren is in top-notch condition and controls the duke it out in the middle of the parade with Yoshida, an evil super villain. And, of course, people who are in the parade are real in samurai costumes, fully sharpened katana, which use two balls to fight. Now, in addition to the bullet wound, Lundgren received several deep cuts to his chest and arms. This prevents it from? No, of course not! In fact, after a few seconds after easily killing evil Yoshida (who gets pinned to the target, as the wheel and then burst into flames for no reason), Lundgren accidentally leaves Tia and Lee, as if he did not get injured at all, God, this is terrible. <br /> <br /> All of these factors are then mixed with the completely unnecessary, gratuitous nude scene every five minutes, including the topless women at the party, beheading topless woman, a woman in a strip club, naked women in the Japanese spa, and pointless hot tub, and a love scene with Tia. Not to mention trips to quaint sushi bar where the rich Japanese men eat sushi off naked women. Which, incidentally, suggests Lee said with a big fake enthusiasm that after defeating the bad guys and he Lundgren will `go eat fish off those naked chicks! Which, of course, accompanied by an alarming high five. And we can not forget the terrible editing, or, for example, when a wicked crush people trapped in the car to the dump, and the editor, left in fact an explicit glimpse dummy support. Loans also list a long list of stunt professionals, which provides that many of the actions were probably not made a movie star after all. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film is several times greater than its identity with blatant harm. There is no logic and it is impossible, and as a result, surprisingly interesting. If you are looking for a thoughtful film, this film will make you want to die. If you are looking for a good laugh and a good time mocking the poor production of the movie, this film will please you. As an actual movie, I deserve this movie 0.5 out of 10. As a fun way to spend an hour and eighteen minutes, however, this beauty takes the cake.
