Funny sounds that you can hear if you're eyes disgusting version of the classic "Journey to the Center of the Earth" by Jules Verne Verne is spinning in his grave. The only thing about this 80-minute opus, which has nothing to do with the "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is the name. Otherwise, everything else in this dim production is new and not worth watching. In fact, the director wrote here IMDb.com, he sent only eight minutes of "Journey to the Center of the Earth" and the studio of the attack «Dollman» continued Helmer Pune to his own "Alien from LA" with Kathy Ireland. It is obvious that the producers ran out of money and pleasure of foreign contractual obligations, they are vaccinated Pune sequel to the film director on Rusty Lemoranda in. Please do not rent or buy this unfortunate piece of garbage. <br /> <br /> In contrast to the period piece directed by Henry Levin's "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, Lemorande «Journey to the Center of the Earth" is happening in our time in Hawaii. Two guys, a British nanny and the dog brought together for a life of adventure purely by chance. Richard (Paul Karafots with «Blind Date») and his comic book obsessed brother Brian (Ilan Mitchell-Smith «Weird Science») are going to explore the cave. Heroine, Crystina (Nicola Cooper «Underworld»), working as domestic workers, called "nurse R Us. Being an au pair has been a lifelong dream Crystina, but it made less than all five of their jobs nurse. However, its helpful manager, Ms. Ferry (Linda Marshall "Africa Express"), sends it to Hawaii. Crystina new customer, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Kratchel with the "Doomsday"), which assign one last show to revive his flagging career, have a dog named Bernard. Foul Crystina wants to take Bernard doggie day spa. Crystina awaits arrival of her taxi when careless motel Attendant accidentally puts the cart, which hides in a jeep Bernard Richard. You see, Foul hid his dog in the basket, as the motel management is strictly prohibited pets on their territory. Foul dog disguised as a human child. Anyway, Crystina catches a taxi and tells the driver to go to Richard. <br /> <br /> Once it catches up with them to get his dog, a taxi driver cruises away and abandons her. Crystina requires that Richard took her back to the city, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joins the guys, and they were lost, and then fall into the lost city of Atlantis, the police state ruled by a dictator, in the center of the Earth. Atlantis heads repeatedly notified its citizens that lives on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroines stumble on Atlantis accidentally. Atlantis reminiscent of the disco, and everyone looks like they are straight from the punk-rock opera. Chapter Atlantis General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis with "Operation Hit Squad"), will conduct a raid on the surface of the first human clone, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland «necessary roughness"), visit the Atlantis. As might be expected, the general rule Atlantis intrigue Rykov and overthrow the Earth is failing, and our heroes and heroines to save the day. <br /> <br /> «Journey to the Center of the Earth" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy, despite its superficial satire of dictatorships. Pune is one of my favorite directors with low-budget action, but he blew it on the light decline of the science fiction saga.
