Journey to the Center of the Earth history some tourists in Hawaii, three of them brothers and sisters, and one of them is a young British nanny nanny dogs. When the brothers accidentally drive off in his jeep with a basket of dog biscuits, a nanny is behind them (perhaps only that it was safer to buy more) all the way to the cave, brothers and sisters, for study (I think). For some reason, they actually go into a cave and then, if the place starts caving in, they try to go to no avail, for the six-year-old sister, they say, to go to get help, except. At the same time, the more they move to the caves, the more they continue to fall farther and farther toward the land of the cavernous core. And now, here they find the city of Atlantis and its strange alien residents who live under the yoke of the foreigner who does not want them to ask a lot of questions about the worlds are external to their own. <br /> <br /> I can see that Rusty Lemorand named director of the film to comment on this film, in which he explains that part of the second half of the film is actually a continuation of the Alien in LA Well, whatever it is it was surprisingly cheap film, which I would rank only slightly higher than the City Limits (1988 sci-fi film as a non-existent budget), because at least the end of this terrible part of mostly incoherent film that cuts corners, in which he can aspire to some humor and entertainment in the past 20 minutes ropes, when we finally see what life is like in another world in the center of the Earth. I also give it a two star rating, instead of one, because it was at times, funny, even if only in its intricacies. For example, foreigners are asked British girl when she was an alien, and she explains that the Ministry should send her a work visa in the near future. Or when an alien girl finds Brian and explains that he is in Altantis errors, and it is for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Little things like this make the idiocy of the first hour or so tolerant. Imagine how great the film might have been, though, if they were 1) is actually intended to do it, and 2) actually had the money to do it. <br /> <br /> I would like to in the end, no one wonders what happened to the little sister, which was directed toward the beginning, to get help. She's just hanging around the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the erupting volcano note.
