Lame movie. Quite uninteresting. A lot of chemistry at all between Indiana Jones and the guy from Black Hawk Down. The car chase scene just goes on and on and on ad nauseum. They manage to switch the car several times, but always end up right on the tail of the villains. The scene where Hartnett missing family car with a crying child was so stupid in the back, as it could be. He tells them about Eastern philosophy and how it all right to die, I imagine, the authors thought it was funny or witty. He just came out like crazy, absolutely incredible, and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some podagovory not even been studied, they are simply used as a filler. Why Hartnett sick to see the corpses still continues ordered burgers at the crime scene? Why and on what basis, IA is a bad guy all of a sudden arrest of the head of the blue? Why IA can pick buddy cops, and then just let them answer their phones or pretend Indian mystics, and then just let them waltz there is not so much as a slap on the wrist? For some reason, although Ford exposed as a swindler and a cheat, when acting as real estate agent, (it makes up the price when he is trying to sell the house producer, to raise their own commission), they keep coming back to it anyway! They knew that he lied to both of them! Yet there they were, coming to an agreement that both said that they would never go. Nonsense, just silly. This is also one of those police movies where they just operate on public streets without any reason, without a care in the world for innocent bystanders. There, they were just standing on the sidewalk smoking while people dived for cover. It is strange that they did not get a single person, after being fired about 60 rounds each .... <br /> <br /> writers was terrible, action sequences were sad story just sidestory a very feeble attempt to root us for Ford and Hartnett. He fails miserably. And Ford's phone! Turn the damn thing! How many times he can call the 2-hour movie? 50? 60? It was frustratingly aggravating the mid-point in the movie! Every 30 seconds, it's silly to play the melody! And if it was not Ford, Hartnett is ringing! It was incredibly annoying! <br /> <br /> The complete waste of time, the worst film of Ford 6 days 7 nights, it was, without a doubt, the lowest point of his distinguished career.
