Well, this movie actually made me feel so much that I signed up for IMDb account just to warn people. This is evident HORRIBLE !! NOTHING makes no sense in this movie. There are too many storylines to start. Josh Hartnett character is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor, as well as the police, who seems to be living far beyond their means, and only teaches yoga for hot girls (some of them waiting naked in a hot tub when he returns from work). Add to that the fact that his father was killed by a crooked cop who just so happens to be in the current crime investigation hapless duo. Harrison Ford's character is trying to sell the property on its side and is sleeping with his ex-wife, the investigator of the Interior, who happens to run a mental radio show that Ford's character calls from time to time. Stupid !! <br /> <br /> I can not remember the names of the characters (this is forgotten it), so I will refer to them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there's the dialogue that is tough. I mean perverts induces stuff here. Throw in every cliché in the book (which has a heart to heart in a dark bar during the day over a drink where the bartender knows your name, the duo investigated the Interior (why ??), Hartnett opposing the killer of his father), and you have one hell mess <br /> <br /> As I have already mentioned the story is absurd and continuity does not exist :. 1) If the Ford car is now withdrawn as hell repo guys know where it will be located in the parking lot? Were they following him ?? 2) If Hartnett goes to the morgue, and it so happened that the only key to the crime scene (earring) is replicated to a charred bodies there (it was lucky) 3) If the two were detained and taken for questioning -! Ford continues to respond to your phone and Hartnett "centers itself" a yoga pose on the table. Instead of your phone from the Ford guy IA is waiting for him in the ring each time, and then tries to grab it off the table before Ford is doing. at the same time, the woman-IA in paragraph Hartnett rub herself all over him. Then, inexplicably, two released unanswered questions. 4) During the automobile car chase Hartnett falls apart and smashing your way around Hollywood, but then suddenly the car committed again. Nha scratch! 5) If Ford chases the bad guy in the building, and it gets in the elevator, how the hell did he know what floor the bad guy I went to ?? 6) If the two chases the bad guy in the car around Hartnett, Ford is trying to close a real estate deal. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most unconvincing record Exec ever. His motivation for the murder of aspiring rappers band on his label? They can leave their mark, and this is a warning to others of his group loyal. But wait, how he is ever going to sign someone new to this business plan ?? 8) Why is the guy IA, which is investigating the Ford was arrested in the end? There's no explication !! 9) And Hartnett gets to use it "action" to capture the bad guy in the end. <br /> <br /> I might, I could really. Anyone who looks deeper into the film than to direct action comedy needs their heads examined because it is all there. There's nothing else to it! It should not be satirical or ironic. It's just crap.
