Literally every aspect of this sci-fi low-budget film falls under the categories that were assigned to his predecessors, contemporaries and those to follow. Bad special effects, a weak plot, ridiculous amounts of blood and gore, annoying and pointless characters, all you can expect. "Attack of the saber-tooth" on a new vacation resort, where the owners of genetic engineering Smilodon cats to attract. Cats escape and start killing people, the guy running the show wants to save them and to warn unsuspecting visitors about them, and have a group of visitors and some employees who rise and plans to kill cats. <br /> <br /> Special Effects wise, the film is about the average achievement, considering its budget. In sabretooths drawn through poor CGI. Surprisingly, however, the cats seem to be more realistic in close contact, accurate shot, rather than longer, more distant shots where CGI is better hidden. Their attack recklessly bloody and unpleasant. Just as you would expect, they attack, rip off some hands and feet, and leave very little behind. This is one reason why the film goes to the poor hack. <br /> <br /> The story and characters are just awful. We have college kids who come to the island, and they are planning a scavenger hunt. And to take it very, very seriously. Even so, to encroach upon private property, falsify security systems and steal. Why did they take a simple game so seriously? Have I missed something? Was there money involved? Or they were sent to do it? I do not know that I could hardly walk for the film. But it seemed to me that they were just doing it for the pleasure of doing it. However, they have gone too far in the norm. <br /> <br /> «Attack saber-toothed" very bad film. Even for low-budget sci-fi flick and this is a very bad example and cheap. He carried the majority of the audience to tears, it may be attractive to some, and make you giggle and laugh all the way to the end. And keep in mind, this is not a comedy, it is a cheap horror movie, so it's not suppose to be funny.
