Three giant saber-toothed tigers (.. created in the laboratory of mitochondrial DNA, "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil material) is located on a spit accidentally set free through a series of events (for example, a computer virus is introduced geek to unlock the safe-keeping measures novelty resort shops are closed during construction and security guard, leaving the gate open in the search for the missing pages of porn, Megan, who flew in the wind), life-threatening, he enters the edge tse with. Tigers are always hungry, but are not able to digest what they eat. So quite a lot of tigers just rip their prey apart. The victims include a group of college kids (.. stereotypes include Goth girl jockey and technology nerd), security staff, and the few developed rich villain that we can easily despise and wish a horrible death. <br /> <br /> completes a series of bad sci-fi movie channel, saber-toothed Attack are one of the most helpless of computer simulated animals I've seen yet. And the final sequence of the death of so putridly submitted, you will require in the deepest recesses of your soul the time spent on this really horrible exercise in fact features of the canon. There's a good black humor, which follows from the head detached from the neck, but even here the prosthesis work inconclusive. Orthopedic parts of the body and blood, as in the wealth of the victim jumped, screaming for help and not getting any. I'm starting to sound like a broken record, repeated in each user's comments, I am writing this sci-fi movie channel. I think maybe it's time to move on to other types of movies. Robert Carradine plays the role of a ruthless businessman who is being courted it really pushes ex-brother-in-law, Nicholas Bell, one opening «Primal Park" resort / Zoo involving genetically engineered saber-toothed tigers, as the main attraction. Stacy Haiduk, still quite tasty, a security officer, who tries to convince Bella to get investors he hopes sucked in to invest in its multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is a lover Haiduck and its role as a mechanic maintenance operations running smoothly. <br /> <br /> fate of Bella in the end, as a result of the tooth is knocked out from the statue saber-toothed tiger pit. Carradine film spends a lot of ridicule Bell, his arch nemesis. point review of tiger shows a man in bright color, as it moves towards them. The film ultimately consists of characters that go through the dark corridors (.. virus tech nerd cut off the power) worried about their safety. College kids commit burglary to gain certain items needed (.. this type of scavenger hunt activity) to enter a fraternity / sorority. Acting these children do not rise above its clichés.
