The film begins with the manager (Nicholas Bell) gives welcome investors (Robert Carradine) in Primal Park. Secret project mutated prehistoric animal fossils using DNA as ¨Jurassik park, and some scientists have resurrected one of the most fearsome predators of nature, saber-toothed tigers or Smilodon. Scientific ambitions prove fatal, however, and if the high-voltage fence opened creatures escape and begins to brutally persecute their prey - human visitors, tourists and scientific.Meanwhile some young people are included in the restricted security zone and center attacked by a pack of large prehistoric animals that with ' They are deadly and more. In addition, the security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and her husband (Brian Wimmer) to fight hard against the carnivorous Smilodons. Sabretooths, by itself, of course, is the real star of the star and they are incredibly scary, but not convincingly. Giant animals savagely pursued their prey and the band broke and the fight against the most feared predators of the same nature. Moreover saber-toothed third more dangerous and slow Stalks his victim. <br /> <br /> The film delivers the goods with lots of blood and gore, like cutting off the head, hair, increase in chills, full of scares when Sabretooths are mediocre special effects .The story provides a fascinating and stirring entertainment, but it It leads to a rather close .The giant animals, most made by a computer and a generator seems to be quite nasty .Middling performance, although players react appropriately to become food.Actors give vigorous physical concepts dodging animals, running, jumping, and related or Isla over the walls. And it packs a ridiculous final death scene. There is not realistic for small children, bloody and violent scenes of attacks. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are: saber-toothed (2002) James R Hickox Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys-Davies and much better, 10,000 BC (2006), ¨ Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. It is a film full of bloody bad moments directed by George Miller and originality, because it takes too many elements of previous films. Miller is an Australian director, usually works on TV (tidal waves, Journey to the Center of the Earth, and many others), and occasionally for film (The Man from Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Below average, the lower part of the trunk.
