May 3, giving it a score is not what I would have given the original Soviet version of this film. It seems that the US-International (studio specializing in ultra-low-budget fare 60s) bought the film and completely destroyed it - cutting two o'clock plus 64 minutes of the film in the film! In addition, most of the 64 minutes, there was a new material (for example, "Monster") - so you know that this film has almost no resemblance to the original. The original film, seems to be pretty straightforward drama about the Soviet conquest of space - although I'm really not sure what it was originally! For an understanding of the original film, read a review by Stephen Nyland - he was very helpful <br /> <br /> By the way, this was the third Soviet scientific movie that I saw that the US-International bought and then cracked. apart to make "new" film - standard practice for a company that was willing to put just about anything on the screen to make a buck - provided, of course, it does not cost them much more than a dollar in the first place !! This Americanized film about two competing world powers (the US and the Soviets did not) trying to be the first on Mars. The trick to the "bad guys" are trying, but can not and "good guys" life is one of the idiots astronauts, and then heading to Mars. Unfortunately, they were temporarily stranded on Mars satellite, where they see a monster (added American-International), which REAAAALLY cheese and one does bear similarity to some of the female anatomy. Then, they save - the return of the heroes of the Earth <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that the film has been butchered. - transforming an incredibly beautiful piece of art (for that time) becomes a class-C film. Because of this, the Soviet Union was indeed a reason to hate America! I'm shocked that terrible job AZ with this film entirely convince them to refuse to sell more movies these jerks! It's worth a look at laughter, but really bad moments that make you laugh a little, and far apart. Thus, the film is a dud - not so bad to make it a must-see for fans of bad movies and too sluggish to take lightly. I would really like to see the movie in its original form - it was some kind of pattern.
