Monster mind numbingly awful movie about the evil American Concrete plant (is there any other in Hollywood?) Contaminate the water of a small Colombian town of Chimayo a way to create a catfish, like a beast with a taste for mutton and harlots. James Mitch Bill Travis person who sent Chimayo his boss swears the Barnes that he can not keep his hands from behind his secretary to get to the bottom (pun intended) history. While in Chimayo Bill has to fight the annoying reporter who apparently translates all her stories in perfect English directly back to America. I believe that in the seventies was the news from the market towns of South America. There is also a radical named Sanchez, who want to sabotage the plant for pollution of water, which, by the way, also provides the city with jobs for the locals, but why cold heart of the economy get in the way of a touchy-feely Enviro-Marxism, Pete factory boss unwittingly helped a monster when he has sex with his ex-girlfriend on the beach, telling her that he saw the daughter of the mayor of Juanita and over between them, she quickly eaten that night. A little side action without evidence. May hat is off to you sir. John Carradine finishes throwing the priest, who believes the monster sent by God to punish sinners. You can see the contempt he has for being in this film in his face. it can also be taken off running to the local exchange, to see if his check does not bounce. <br /> <br /> It is expected, based on a true story, as they say it twice in the opening credits, the film is terrible on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later when Kenneth Hartford put his foot on the throat of the monster by adding his two annoying children as new characters, even putting his daughter Andrea to top billing with Carradine and Mitch. The sound quality is not there, and most of the scenes, it seems as if someone smeared tar on the camera before shooting. This becomes even more tedious in many scenes, taken at night. Monster himself ridiculous as it raises its ugly head for rubber disappointing ending. Mitch James, along with his brother Chris is proof that nepotism in the existing industry should be restricted. Through unwatchable dreck. Ashamed John Carradine.
