During the summer, which also boasted such vile disgusting types like Snakes on a Plane and The Da Vinci Code, it is a pretty bold statement. But I stand by it, nonetheless. Superman returns as King Kong 6 months prior to this, it is a long, hyper-indulgent, and with CGI to the eyeballs. My God, this stuff makes my head. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner was the idea of ​​"keep it real" for him 2 excursions. And I find their approach to special and optical effects to be most suitable. Singer bombards us with so much CGI, it really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you are watching a blockbuster wannabe who thinks that the only way to make an impression on the audience to spend $ 250 million (completely irresponsible amount of money) on the contrary the visual effects that do not live up to the hype. We saw everything and everywhere was that CGI can take us. There's no real atmosphere or to participate in it. For the film, which is 95% composed of that shit ... well, you figure it out. <br /> <br /> I have read a lot of reviews from FanBoy critics that the film has a "soul" or "human heart" or "delicate nature of things." Puh-lease! We have screaming silently brooding superhero ' you love me, if you knew who I was dozens of times already in recent years and the CP offers absolutely nothing new in this respect. Even the plot is processed garbage. Lex Luthor (seriously wrong and unnatural cast Kevin Spacey) in a plot to destroy the land America was made in the first film already! Ah, yes ... that's your destiny! it is strange that they floor Alas make this garbage up to 2.5 hours of painful! Even if the cast was pretty it would make it less unbearable. But Brandon Routh is on the screen face mahogany hat stand, Kate Bosworth entirely unconvincing as a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, James Marsden is 250% wood, as usual, and Kevin Spacey really need to lay off or an agent, or to purchase a better view. The only member of the cast I liked it, great Posey. But I'm in amazing beautiful girls. <br /> <br /> Every year, films like this and get more pathetic. Pretty soon we will have a $ 300 million movie. Studios should understand that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking. For all the money that Warner spent on this pile of shit, for all the resources that the film cost to make ... was it worth it? In my opinion, of course not! This garbage put me Superman to life!
