First, let me comment on what I liked about the film. The special effects were fantastic, and very rarely do I feel like I'm watching a video game. There, it was the last good thing I have to say about this film. In fact, I would just like everyone who reads this to take note that I can not even put into words how difficult it was for me to write this review, Sun cursing. <br /> <br /> I have countless complaints about the film, but the four main complaints jump to mind. My first major complaint is with incredible cheesiness to "twist" (if you can call it that, as most people probably saw him a mile away), where 5-year-old son of Lois turns out to be a super-powered baby Superman. If crying super kid throwing Piano henchman of Lex to save his mother, I almost got up and walked out of the theater. The singer could have done much better Superman film without resorting to cheap tricks like a seemingly gentle, but latent super-power of an illegitimate child. It has been 5 days since I saw the film, and I'm still sick. <br /> <br /> My next main complaint is the fact that Superman lifts a continent made up of krypton in space. It does not take a lot of comic book guy from The Simpsons to point out what's wrong with it. I do not know how many books I read comics Singer, but if Superman is exposed to even small amounts of krypton he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. Whoever had the idea to buy him a large island made of his greatest weakness in the space does not have any business related to any Superman projects related ever again. Concept as ridiculous as to make the film Dracula, where the title character has a stake through his heart, and still manages to fly a spaceship made of garlic in the sun. Why not just eat the Superman Krypton? He can eat it, and then brush your teeth with it, and then go to sleep in pajamas krypton. This is not some absurd it with him to raise the continent of krypton in space, and then fed powerless through the atmosphere without burning to rewrite, or splashing around Central Park, when he hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third main complaint is the fact that the singer slams moviegoers around the face with the religious symbols the entire film. I must take issue with his characterization of Superman, as the only son of God, as Jor-El sent to earth to become a lifeguard. Jor-El entirely wise, it is just a scientist. And he did not send his Son to earth to be a lifeguard, he threw it into the rocket and quickly shot into space, because its planet would explode. I'll buy an allegory of Christ, when Singer can show me the part in the Bible where God sends Christ to earth, because the sky is about to explode, and then radioactive pieces of heaven to become the primary weakness of Christ. In addition, "The Crucifixion" scene where Luthor permeates Superman away from Krypton "spear" just makes me want to slap my face brick, while I'm not too stupid to notice blatantly obvious and unacceptable symbols that will infect a person become in the foreseeable future. They might as well rename the film "Superman Returns :. Passion of the Christ »<br /> <br /> And if we talk about Luthor, my last major complaint is with the image of Singer Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is a shrewd, cautious tycoon who is more inclined to run for president (which he does in the comics) than trying to destroy the world. Man wants money and power; he wants to be a responsible, not destroy it. Nevertheless, we see Luthor Superman Returns, as well as all the previous films of Superman, this is a stupid dunce theater, which comes with idiotic schemes to destroy the world. If Singer had not the slightest allegiance instead of these characters (rather badly) the previous Superman films, this film may not be as unbearable parody. Maybe next project Singer can be Batman movie, where he focuses on the interpretation of Batman from the 1960s TV show. ZAM! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> In summary, I do not know what I hate more, the film itself or the fact that so many people seem to give him good reviews. Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you do not hate this movie, your opinion is wrong. I sincerely urge all who read it, not to see the film if you have not already. If you do not see it, do not buy it when it comes out on DVD, not rent it ... basically do not make any money on it anyway. This film does not deserve to make any money. In fact, I think that for each person who sees this movie, Bryan Singer should be fined $ 45 billion. If you're a fan of Superman, and you really want to see this movie, just bend over and someone to push you in the balls, and you get the same experience without having to spend your time 2:00.
