Most of the short stories of Stephen King small stones, with original ideas that do not take a long time to develop; mostly meat and mean - it sets them quickly in a very limited number of pages that you have read them, and you're finished before you know what you started. They are the equivalent of a box fries McDonald's - they taste really good, and you know that there is not much nutritional value in their (re: from the literary point of view, they do not say much about the universal human condition), but you're still gonna scarf " Em down, just do not be a pig and go to the extra-super-size pieces and fill in too much grease ( "too much grease" is a metaphor for prose in novels King, if you find yourself reading one of them and told to come on - enough to pop-cultural observations and clever Yankee sucks lennye - to get on with the story already) He collected four books of short story collections !. I read them all - from NightShift to the last, all the maximum, and they all show the effectiveness of getting-to-point, which is sometimes sorely lacking in his novels TOME size <br /> <br /. > But his stories never overstay their welcome ... which brings us to the television adaptation of Nightmares and Dreamscapes ... <br /> <br /> How the hell do they (manufacturers series) get green-light to turn history which usually averages 15 pages per minute 50 episodes? I'll tell you how it is - two words - "by Stephen King." History with his name on them, probably not cheap, and one-hour show will allow more advertising than those half-hour, so ... that was an anthology of mostly 23 or 24 minute episodes converted into a double this length, and! commercial dual time ... Ka-Ching <br /> <br /> I'm not going to waste time synopsizing subjects of these stories - this review suggests, you have already read the stories and / or seen the show; Then just my gut reaction to that presented by TNT ... With four installments so far, here is my assessment of ten percent (from first to worst): <br /> <br /> Battleground-- entirely classic by any means, but hey, how someone can argue with the preservation of William Hurt from opening his trap, shooting the episode without a single line of dialogue? A link is not sincere and annihilation Zuni killer doll from the Trilogy of terror proved to me the manufacturer (and teleplay writer, who is the son Matheson in - writer TOT) knew his mission was to make this action is deadly, but at the same time fun. It took longer to get to Hurt apartments, than it should be, but I think he fulfilled this goal. 8-10 <br /> <br /> Last Amni Case-- Liked this is primarily due to the performances of William H. Macy. I think that the author / Amni was supposed to appear in the history of earlier detective / Amni beginning, because he was the actual reality of the story, and anyone who is familiar with a brief history of the King (perhaps half, if not more audience) knowledge Chandleresque installation had to get interrupted by the reality of the writer, so let's get this over with already, and cut the cute and clever witty boiled »Private Dick banter already. After the writer / family tragedy Amni beginning to reveal, though, I thought that the show developed an emotional connection that made the audience (me, at least) feel sympathy for the real world trying to Mays to avoid grief by usurping his fictional creating exciting life. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The End Of The Whole Mess-- Uh, this title, how I felt about this episode, when it ended. Twenty minutes later, I was ready to scream at the TV - OK, we get it already, the younger brother of Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know, Ron Livingston talks to the camera ( "time is running out for me" - not fast enough, I thought) that the young prodigy is going to discover something very bad for humanity - we know this because it is already built aircraft, but almost died because he could not manage it with wood path; and he blew his lab chemistry in teaching chemistry itself (think it was possible to prevent the end of the world, unless the child was a little parental supervision). So much time was spent on the creation of an uber-genius Henry Thomas, when we finally get to the resolution of its opening - end of the world through unintentional stupidity - how we see the world "ending? «--A cheap video reporter shooting begins to forget what she reports, and short radio broadcast announcing the day of judgment at hand. Oh, brother and parents drooling and sang old songs. The bottom line is, if your story is really about "the end of the whole mess (the world)," I want to see "a mess", as she is in the fire and crashes and burns. It's about the termination with a whimper, actually. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End-- This episode just ticked me completely. I could live with take-all statement of the happy couple, who arrives at their hotel, playing slap-and-tickle, dinner, and getting a taxi ( that was half of the episode right there) unless they finally crossed in Crouch End episode brought the ants, but it failed miserabley. not only is not used ylo it's scary, it was almost funny Oh, look -. kitten ... wait, it turns out ... Oh my God look at that scary eyes Yeah They could go a long way to shoot a sequence Crouch End at night, and!. not in the daytime, too. Things that you can randomly find funny may become worse when you see them in the night shadows. But I believe that the budget was not high enough to shoot on fake sets of London on the night they slammed together for this . On the page, this is a very scary story about tourists wandering in a place where they do not have and the horrible things that could lurk just around the corner there. The only terror in this adaptation has been directing and acting - it was really awful. 1/10 <br /> <br /> In general, series Average (so far): 4/10
