THHE remake was a beautiful remake of the film in all respects. Most remakes eventually total garbage, but under the guidance of a very talented Alexander Aja has become one of the best ever made in terms of alterations, as well as mutant inbred horror subgenre of people concerned. In steps Part 2 is directed by another person Martin Weisz and written by father and son combo of Jonathan and Wes «I can not make a good horror movie, to save my life more," Craven and if this is any indication Weiss leadership and young Craven writing skills we're all on during the painful THHE 2 future, not only will not be as good as the first, but are unable to entertain any level. <br /> <br /> We start with a pretty graphic mutant birth of a child who, although pretty cool entirely prepare you for a full garbage that is to come, just a hint of what might be in this movie. After that we get to see a team of scientists who all briefly introduced and sent to our emitted defective. On the stages of our main cast army reservists, to save the day, this is where the problems begin serious. <br /> <br /> From the south steam acts (and even for this kind of film) to a terrible lack of truthful characters slaughter for the majority of his time working THHE 2 becomes work to see how much nothing happens, how stupid men make the mistake of Errors only meet there the demise of Sun mutants, but by itself. Think marines in Aliens just exactly the opposite, and you have an idea of ​​how well trained these soldiers. It's a real shame the movie, as most residents Hills get frags you would like to see, as in the first film, in fact, if it was not THHE 2 attachment at the beginning and a brief overview began to tie it loosely to the first it might it was almost Sci-Fi Channel original. <br /> <br /> Mutant Mountainbillies, and not so funny this time, actually many, they are much worse for our Party, as soon as they come off as soon as a designed and uninteresting. In addition, the one that took the cake was Laziness, as the Mutant (you know laziness from The Goonies), which helps them in the 3rd act. I waited for him to ask for the baby Ruth or start walking on a Rocky Road Ice Cream. Really disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe the majority of the events taking place here. <br /> <br /> Gore in the film, but not as visceral as the original in fact, seemed to have softened for the most part, aside from a mutant birth scene there is really nothing that stood out as the first. Another major strike against the film. So what does work here, the answer is nothing at all. It feels like a sequel, designed specifically to make money from the success of the first, and not to do is really "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can go about Crappy Drill SGT., radio people having speech impediment (that's right, he is the kind of guy I want the session to help the crisis in real mode) or pacifist fighter, which resembles the same the very form of the character, as our "hero" in the first film, but I believe you get the point. This film is not even in the same league, or even the same planet as the first. This was to be given a different name, and was added to the Saturday Night Line on The Sci-Fi Channel. A true shame as a solid sequel could be made, but, unfortunately, it seems, another horror film, which serves the ball at almost every level and get one of my all-time low ratings, I give THHE 2 of the same cost as a part of it: 2/10 scary: Words can not describe how bad this movie is the exact opposite of its predecessor in every way, uninspired and down-right is unnecessary. The next time, guys, if your going to make a sequel of this bad ... do not even bother. Please do not go to support this garbage in theaters, save your money and thank me later !!!!
