This is ridiculous and inept film, certainly the most erroneous version of "Hamlet" to ever reach the screen. Suitable Bran the material may be described only as vulgar; go to such lengths, as shown by Ophelia in a straitjacket, having an army of Fortinbras appear suddenly on the horizon (very similar to the climax of "Monty Python and the Holy Grail"), when the palace, apparently, only the protective Francisco (who cries very non-Shakespeare shouting «ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack» before the shot), and many people star cameo that HARKEN back in the days Bottom Jimmy Cagney and Mary Pickford Kate. <br /> <br /> Branagh decided to set the film in an Edwardian setting, but at the same time decided to use almost uncut text, so that part of the dialogue, which is firmly rooted in Elizabethan mentality makes no sense in the context that it is carried out . And Branagh does not concern yourself with such textural subtleties as the ambiguous relationship Hamlet and Olphelia, in the treatment of an audience vulgar nude sex scene between the couple who throws straight from the ambiguity Stained glass window. <br /> <br /> The uncut text does allow Bran to engage in their favorite pastime of cinema: more images Kenneth Branagh. It is never more evident than in the "How all occasions Inform Against Me» speech that ends the first half of the nineteen hours of film (at least, how it feels), who is trying to play on the dramatic climax along the Gone with the wind the lines of "I'll never go hungry. "it can serve as the ego Bran, but it does not serve as Shakespeare or speech, when I saw the film in the theater, I leaned over to his companion and giggled" Great moments with Mr. Hamlet "Branagh keeps the funniest and the most tasteless moment to the last, if. he is trying to outdo the film Olive and it has rightly pointed out the death of Claudius, Hamlet with a jump from a high tower on the monarch, without taking the ball from him. Dane Bran is doing in the King on heroic seen throwing a magic rapier out of the palace through the heart of Claudia run with the bulls through the eyes of a super hero. The only thing that saved moment on, unbearably with the mind, it was so off-the-wall funny. <br /> <br /> while the film was praised in some circles as a serious description of the tragedy, it really is nothing but stellar display once a talented filmmaker overtake ie his own narcissism. The emperor has no clothes, and that Hamlet has nothing to offer but a few unintended laughs and awesome sight of the ego of one man out of control.
