Well, let's not get confused here. If this is a continuation of the original remake of the classic horror film, which means that it automatically is a remake of the original classic horror sequel? Here's to hoping that this is not a general rule, as a proper sequel to the original Wes Craven's "The Hills Have Eyes" ?? released sometime in the mid 80's ?? is easily one of the worst and most absolute excess of horror movies when ever done. The second part is not the actual site and reused footage of the original only for the further development success in a really rough and numb premises. Craven also wanted us to believe even dogs suffer from flashbacks and painful memories, as a loyal German Shepherd K family rtera again experienced his bloody battle with one of the mountain villagers. There were quite a few warning signs that indicate to us that this extension will fail terribly as well. The remake was released almost a year ago, and this is a continuation of already? The incredible speed its output is right makes you question the quality of the script. do not they need a little more time if they want to come up with a film that has to be scary, menacing and disturbing? With his excellent film, Alexandre Aja almost single-handedly changed the common view of the horror remakes as it m ate the courage and intelligence to change the basic elements of the story and add more nauseating gore than anyone could have ever hoped for. In addition, Ayo pretty young talented director and made himself noticed with his French instant cult «High Tension», but who is the new director? AJA in "The Hills Have Eyes" was a surprise hit, appreciated by both experienced and older generation of horror fans, as well as younger and more enthusiastic target groups. This is a really good movie, and, despite the avalanche of new sequels and clones will be inevitable, it is highly unlikely that one of them will never be the same amazing level of quality crushing hit AJA '. Given all of this in mind, plus a fairly large dose of personal skepticism, I have to admit that it rushed sequel is actually not as bad as expected. The script routine and formulaic horror fodder, representing a fairly large number of characters with little or even no spine and tasteless, which show how they are traditionally carved monsters disgusting kind. After the events of the first film, the US Army set up camp in the middle of the New Mexican desert to investigate the effects of nuclear testing that took place there in the 50s and 60s. For badly mutated surviving miner community, which remained there during the radioactive testing, scientists and researchers form a delicious starter as the main course of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck. They just have to give up food and supplies, but faced with their final military training exercises, when faced with a ruthless humanoids who live in mine residues. <br /> <br /> Basically, it's just another by-the-numbers sword with blunt characters who, even after the loss of a few of his friends already, are still stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and act as easy targets kill. In addition, it is very easy to show which of them will do it with this adventure alive, especially when one of the soldiers against all kinds of violence and one constantly watching video her cute 3-year-old son. "The Hills Have Eyes II" completely missing ?? As you would expect ?? Originality, logic and plausible situation. Mutant miners is not as threatening as their counterparts in the first part, mainly because they are not organized at this time and only act as salivation and sex hungry monsters prototype. Since you do not care for the amateur G.I. Joe's "heroes" and certainly do not feel any sympathy for the eyes in the mountains, this film is much less convincing and participation than the original last year. The most peculiar is the second film is not so hard and bloody as the first! Usually compensate for the lack of suspense and no sudden turns, with an additional bloodshed and more sequences of graphic kills, but the action in this sequel really tame compared to patients with footage featuring his predecessor. There are a few scenes to satisfy the bloodthirsty fanatics of terror ?? mainly showing a soldier falling down a rock or a bullet from his own devices ?? but unfortunately, there are no egregious shovels battles or potent attack dogs. What a shame! What is the meaning of a sequel, even if he can not surpass the level of roughness and / or gratuitous mud original? Luckily enough the film is never boring or overly sentimental, and you'll have the most fun spotting all the things that make no sense! For example, the loss of people wallets bloodied heads, women without muscle power to throw in the hard-ass soldiers ?? my favorite ?? appointing one soldier with the speaker disabled radio control.
