Last year's remake of «The Hills Have Eyes» was one of the best attempts to update the clear operational horrors of the 1970s to a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed superlative character development, and when the violence started it was vile and savage, and all done in the landscape flawless pictures and product design. I was one of the few people who actually thought that it was better than the original, and is looking forward to a second visit especially the dark and brutal world of wild desert mutants. <br /> <br /> "The Hills Have Eyes 2 ', released just a year after the original, it seems rushed and ill-conceived attempt to cash in on the franchise with little thought to the quality. Jonathan Craven script could have been written during the weekend , and taking into account the speed with which this film made it to the cinemas must have been. He returns every shot down the cliché genre in the book, until the offer absolutely nothing new in the desert mutant mythology. I always let disappointment groan, when the sequel replaces the civilian character with military . Soldiers always lazily written and never been worn completely with gross caricatures airs May stupidity. In my view, the "Aliens" was the only film in order to successfully carry out the transition, due to the talent of James Cameron, and not just for the direction of the best action sequences around, but never forgetting that the audience needs to take care of people who were killed. He was ably assisted by some really talented actors. With "The hills have eyes 2", it became clear that the video director Martin Weisz Sun James Cameron and actors body iziynay bit parters sun talent or inclination to turn their cardboard characters carved into something close to a living, breathing person. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character is a broad and common clichés. They act stupid and illogical ways, to make dumb and illogical decisions that lead them to predictably stupid and illogical deaths. The second half of the film becomes just another tedious chased through a dark corridor scenario. "Descent" (which Sam McCurdy, coincidentally, also worked in the film) have proven that even this most derivative sequences may also be performed with this originality and suspense, but we do not see such innovation here. <br /> <br /> "The Hills Have Eyes 2" only very lazy film, devoid of any suspense, tension, or surprise, without a single person to participate remotely interested in the production of quality anything. This is a manual and tired excuse to continue and deserves to spend the rest of his life in the bargain bin at Blockbuster.
