«The Hills II Eyes», one of the most pointless and frankly stupid sequels to come in for some time, it is 90 minutes incompetent filmmaking at its finest. Or worse, however, you decide to look at him. While, 2006, a remake of «Hills» was one of the best of the year, and really scary, horror movies, it's the continuation takes every spark of what made that such an achievement. Part-never gets off the ground, and neither does his mind staggering dialogue. Worst of all, it's not so scary. <br /> <br /> 2006 remake followed families who find themselves in the center of the New Mexico desert, deserted, and one by one to be filmed insane and sadistic mountaineers. People who, as a result of military tests of the atomic bomb on them land a year ago, became what they are. Survivors from travelers who roam in the region. Continued puts the viewer in the same desert, now occupied by the military, because they secretly explore the hills and what could happen to this poor family. When a group of military trainees were brought to the camp, they found it deserted with no signs of life. The grim reality is soon upon them, as they come to the realization that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that was handed to them, many will soon be their fate. <br /> <br /> It does not take a genius to understand that «Hills» has no legitimate reason to exist. But because the remake of last year, was adopted as well at the box office and critics, he had come to no surprise that the sequel will be rushed into production while there is still money to earn. There's no rhyme or reason to it this time, incredible and funny set to pave the way for the heroes frivolous, non-original murders, missing and slipping stories of interest. Originally directed by Alexandre Aja has done Craven cult classic in the remake, which was a unique and thoroughly disturbing experience. One that brutally crossed the line more than once. His open display of violence, sadistic torture, rounded characterization and the white bones of the unknown have been effectively used to shock and alienate the audience. The second time, he paraphrased a hand-me-downs. There's no style, NO grain. He is trying to create tension divided body, when all it really does is makes for floating, this kind of film where even blood seems tame compared with more recent bloodshed. <br /> <br /> This is a sad state of affairs when deformed mutants that capture women for breeding purposes can not save her attention. This hole, nothing more. «Hills» does not bite. Despite the jump or two here and there, there is nothing very scary about this on-the-numbers horror flick. A feeling that something you see on the channel Sci-Fi, only a few F-bombs, blood splatter here and there, and graphic rape scene of birth, is more complete than shocking. It's cheap. And with the "Hills" you reap what you sew. With no effort is not given, you can not wait for anything in return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Ajay Martin Weiss, as a director was the first big mistake of the film, everything he does drain the film of any kind of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is uncharacteristically bad the script was written by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan Craven. You may ask, how bad it might be? This is the kind of dialogue that makes any comparison look Shakespeare. Craven has had his fair share of clunkers in the past, but I would never expect something like that from him. It's so funny unintentionally, you have to wonder, is Craven plays a joke on this subject? Or did he dump it on her son after the studio paid him to leave? The film characters are one-dimensional talking heads without any emotion or sense. Act as bad. The only character who can win you have a "Napoleon" Napoli, skinny guy who does not fit the other. Even the nose and instinct controlled villains that we could find some favor in the deepest of our thoughts, a year ago, met with indifferent. You do not hate them, you do not like. You really do not give a damn. Just like this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you were dizzy with fear at the time of "The Hills Have Eyes", like me, you'll have a hard time finding something to enjoy in this part of the garbage. It is as generic as is becoming common, and there is absolutely nothing that we have not seen done many times before. I can not stress this enough, to avoid «The Hills Have Eyes II», like the plague. It frightless, unoriginal, obsessed, and longing. Stick to remake or original vision Craven. Because if you do not go out after the first thirty minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
