I saw this movie on its release, and watched it 3 or 4 times, including last week. I regret that I have to be the voice of the differences in terms of performance Mr. Branagh <br /> <br /> It's really beautiful, luxurious movie, not to mention the ambitious over 4 hours long. - beautifully executed and developed, Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers, and many others do excellent jobs. Then there's Kenneth Branagh. If ever there was a vanity project for the actor, this is it, and Mr. Branagh has spared nothing to put a "ham" in Hamlet. From casting stunt (which gives us the worst performance ever in a depressingly miscast Jack Lemmon), a bit distracting business bargain infuse a sense of "naturalness" in his own version, which runs the gamut from throwing away the single most famous monologue in all literature shouting every line others. His statement confirms that, while he may be found better on the stage, where more than is necessary, it has never been a great film actor. Budget sets may be charged to food, Mr. Bran eat so much. His performance is a perfect example of why people do not go to see Shakespeare -. "Full of sound and fury, that do not mean anything," And if there is an error in his side, that he's holding the camera firmly glued to it bloated productivity. HN <br /> <br /> No matter what people may postulate theories on the Bard, he after all is said and done, the playwright. The magnificence of his plays to rest in the fact that his themes are universal and eternal. Although there is no "right" way to play it play, there are definitely a lot of action, a good action and a bad game. Shakespeare himself instructs players in the text of "Hamlet" itself. It amazes me how Mr. Branagh "silent", but not heard. It was an example of wasting too much time working, how he was going to say something, and too little to find out what he says. <br /> <br /> While Mr. Branagh has certainly done an excellent job of assembling some of the entertainment industries, it would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art works in practice. His line has always been better than his action. I still give him great credit to revive interest in the picture of Shakespeare. He put a great template for other industries. And it would be interesting to see him on stage, about 20 rows back. But I hope he wants to direct more and act less. <br /> <br /> It is worth seeing? Of course. There are many small pleasures to be found in the film. But it's a long, long movie, and in the end, one may feel, however, they used than survived.
