I believe all the inside jokes is that made the cult sandwiches. I thought it was awful, but given the ridiculous nature of the characters and the story, it probably could have been much better (and funnier) film. Maybe they needed was a realistic budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies, since many viewers have noted that some parody Gremlins. Thus, all references to the film. The film begins somewhere in Peru during archaeological excavations. Annoying dufus named Paul, trying to stand up comic, who offers no sarcasm or a witty joke during the film, in spite of their career plans, is holed up with his father in the caves. His father is a non-traditional view of the archeologist, searching for caves not artificats or mummies or something, but the evidence U.F.O. years. And that's where Munchies come into the picture. Hidden away in the cleft of the rock a little ugly mutant that looks like a rubber doll rotating with voice Gizmo. They call him Arnold, accumulating it in the bag, and bring it home to Paul's father can finally show proof of extraterrestrial life. <br /> <br /> Paul, idiot that he violated his promise to his father to watch Arnold (a pledge he had made with his father when he loses, he goes to college to get a "real" career) . Terrible neighbor with a bad rug, Cecil (TV veteran Harvey Korman), asks that its neighbors before. Thus, he and his lazy son, a fool such as hippies (who looks like they have made it the character of a biker or a heavy metal enthusiasts) to go and snatch Arnold. Why? Get rich quick scheme, of course. And, of course, the son of Cecil even too stupid to care for Arnold. And after a few pokes and probes in Arnold, it breeds more Munchies. <br /> <br /> It's not even a film that was so bad it's good. It was just awful. I was hoping that would Munchies have mutated and killed morons who were always after them, Paul and his girlfriend. At least it will be one of the ways to get rid of all the bad actions in this film that is actually ham to the film. Not to mention the poor special effects that look like hand puppets. And it is very bad writing all around - it was not even funny - not even the young cop who can really give you a homicidal twitch in his eyes. As I said, Munchies, if they were given a realistic budget and the best actors, they might have been able to pull off a good parody. Pass.
