Munchies begins in the deepest dark of Peru (more like a dirt road before me), where the archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are in expedition. Simon believes that the ancient Aztecs of the building is in the center control the fact of the spacecraft, and he is on a mission to get proof that alien life forms visited Earth, while the time of such a structure, he finds a strange little creature, which he sticks in his backpack and takes it back home in the small American town of freshwater in California. Simon believes that there is proof that he was looking for, and for some inexplicable reason, decides to leave the thing at home as long as he is to share his discovery. Simon asked Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother, and a fast-food businessman Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman again) steals a creature, so that his brother will not make any money from it, but his idiot stepson Dude (John Stafford) has a fight with him and chops him knife, but the individual parts grow in some small creatures originating cause a lot of chaos among citizens ... <br /> <br /> The director Bettina Hirsch this should be one of the worst horror comedy ever, if not worse. Scenario Lance Smith so unfunny it hurts. Every joke in Munchies misses the target, the proverbial mile, I doubt that the humor in this piece of shit even appeal to pre-teens. There's just nothing even remotely funny or amusing in Munchies, as far as I'm concerned. The main story of shit too, they just like to find it being run without an explanation of what it is, why there is no-ones never seen it before, how he manages to learn English as quickly and how he learns to ride, etc. all this is a great Gremlins (1984) plagiarism of any one of the elements that make this film so well. Character is mentally retarded, stupid assistant (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rolls), Cecil wearing uncomfortable wig & fake mustache & his wife head air Melvis (Alix Elias) & others. They just confuse and ridiculous, I challenge anyone to find any of this rancid rubbish ridiculous. Basically Munchies fails spectacularly at the time as a comedy or horror, and ends up being, yes, you guessed it, shit. <br /> <br /> Director Hirsch is clearly working with a low budget here and it shows all the things going on in two houses in the desert, some caves and mini-golf. It is very cheap and incompetent filmmaking. Effects on themselves Munchies really terrible, they just dolls that have no traffic, when someone pulls a string attached to his hand away from the camera. I can not stress how bad effects, such things do not convince my 4 year old nephew (as proved me, and it yesterday!). Total incompetence all the way, this movie sucks. <br /> <br /> Technically the film horrible, bad special effects, lame production design kits for garbage and well, just shit all. Act rotten through & through, from the police to Corman, who has two roles, both of which prove that he can not act and not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies is a very bad movie that fails in everything he is trying to achieve, of course look if you want, I will not stop you, but do not say I did not warn you! My advice would be to watch Gremlins back instead, but the decision is yours!
