Most would agree that the character of Wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in comic book history. I'm no expert the Marvel, but I grew up with the adventures of X-Men and, of course, approved at the moment well-known images of Hugh Jackman in the old Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, I have found continued too heavy and dirty and like the third, as the comic entertainment. All three of the film, I probably enjoyed most of Jackman. I thought that the idea to do a "roots" -movie about Wolverine may well be better than the film of the three X-Men films. If we focus on one character, I thought that might be the film that achieves the fact that I found the second film failed at. - the future is quite complex and the nature of the comic book initiative adventure <br /> <br /> The reason that Wolverine- film can not because the competition tougher after The Dark Knight. It's not even because of the story that goes beyond the obvious and rudimentary - in spite of the fact that, of course, is not good - no, it's because the movie does not even seem to try. To begin with, it does not qualify as good fun. There is something about the action in this movie, which comes off as a very, very automatically. In the absence of big special effects or the element of the unknown, and when one event will cause you to predict the next five, it feels almost like a movie by Uwe Boll, mimicking the concept of the movie action / adventure, you've already seen a dozen times. Of course, nothing in this film is not as downright awful, like a piece of boll ** but when all the cliché says, as if they are part of a chain of events that are so standard, you will at least make the connection, and that, of course, bad enough. <br /> <br /> But there is still a big problem. Even a common gunman is an ordinary fighter and, by the way, that makes you forgive a lot of plot holes and the nature of nonsense. I think you'll find the most fundamental flaw in the title. I mean, "Origin." Really? That the people behind this film to think about this title? What do they mean ?? Do you want to know the origin of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They ran away from home in dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All of them! The Civil War, World War I and II and Vietnam, too. Why do they do it? It remains to be seen. In the end, Brother (Sabertooth, played by Liv Shrieber) became angry. "How?" You ask. I do not know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" You ask. I just said I do not know !! The film does not explain. He evil good! "Yes, but ... you know," origin "... Yes, it's origin, I mean, duh! Anyway, in the end, they end up with a super secret team of elite soldiers mutants. Something government, ho-hum. Wolvie get enough and leave his brother. during the six years he was happy woodcutter with a loved one who ends up a little defenseless around the time of saber-toothed suddenly there again. "Yeaaah ... but ... whyyyy?" - Oh, shut up! - and decides to become Wolvie guinneapig for a bunch of evil scientist, who will make his flesh covered with metal war animals it. where after all the bad guys, and they came after him, and after all the fights he ends up with his memory wiped, replica X-Men first film. <br /> <br /> There. This is the origin. You can also find it on the back of the DVD cover. The film does not tell you anything else. in the absence of decent action scenes, there are no good heroes, villains or characters as a whole (a line from my couch audience :! Fat suit token black guy Oh, I will not give you 200 cash if the girl survives this movie .. that is supposed to be Gambit ...? mmhm, yes, well ... uh, yes, for sure), but not a memorable one line of dialogue and zero lines to cover T-shirt, added to the fact that the general silly things that destroy the credibility in general, that you may as a rule, I'm sorry ...... well, it sounds pretty much like a waste of time, is not it? Fans will check it, or have already. There's no stopping it. But if you liked the movie X-Men Sun for other reasons than they were well made and entertaining - to see them again and not do yourself any good trying to find sources where they do not exist.
