Callous cash cow milking the franchise. Generic superhero movie. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood «A series of improbable events." Combinatorial iteration mutant fight scenes strung on pointless exposure, justifying the formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I was not expecting Shakespeare here, but cliché meter per minute was increased too: Primal scream, staring at the sky and on the lap of the murdered girlfriend. Renegade commander. Projected double crosses. Seek revenge murdered lover. Erased memories. The evil nature of the discovery of morality in the last minute. Erroneous failure to comply nemeses after defeating them in combat. Lover is not really dead. Lover actually acts as a spy arch-nemesis of the hero. Girlfriend / spy actually falls in love with the protagonist. Good people work for the antagonist to rescue the abducted family member. Evil mastermind is not fulfilling promises of reluctant employees. Please old couple caring for tired hero and kill their troubles. Some deaths withdrawn as a third party to arrive on the scene before the coup de grace. Hero reluctant to join a secret government agency. Abandonment of an elite squad in protest against the killing of innocent people. Scientists are not able to control the indestructible killing machine of his own creation. Outdated, but nice government "secret weapon" killing better designed but soulless successor. The hero goes on a shipwreck and accidentally ignites a trail of gasoline behind it. After all denied, heart monitor flatlined raises the heart rate. Evil mastermind explains the plans for the hero he no longer sees as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the enemy is defeated, because he is "better than." The transparent nature of the comic relief makes funny innuendo and creative comments. Cheerful random murderous psychopath reveling revelries. Indestructible Goliaths approached to throw each other through a series of walls and other physical injuries that would have killed a mortal man. Man sends dozens of enemy guns have nothing but skillful fencing. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry are temporarily abandoned. Antagonist using the murder of a loved one as an excuse to mislead the crusade. <br /> <br /> I could go on, but it's just exhausting. If you are over the age of twelve years and who do not live in the basement of my mother, there's probably nothing here for you. quite depressing, it's not too far from the nominal value for superhero movies so devalue everything I wrote, if you can not get enough of the genre.
