It's official, people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien is not a thought in her pretty head. You wonder why he chose Shu Qi as his muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or Qi?) Nha is in it. Instead, we get snaggletoothed Ya Hitoty, apparently, the pop star in Japan - judging by her song in the end, it is the pop star as the girl who serves you in Kari Rockin 'is "actriss" - and wasted Tadanobu Asano, as a rule, is an indication of the quality that you want nothing to do here, but stand by and watch as the muttering Asian hipsters and too old to manage even that. <br /> <br /> philosophy Howe? Limbaugh life, more than anything, feels it and move on. I would like to do it, but Hou gives us nothing to feel in a cafe Lumiere photo reports for the kind of life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and flabbergasting observation that people are ships that pass in the night, no, make that a train passing day never connect, everyone rushes to its destination, usually some version of a dark tunnel or a bridge can be, if you're lucky. Slave. Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most rarefied, technically advanced and fascinating films of all time. How could the same director who made the first shot of the film, in which there are about a dozen actors conversing with a machine-gun speed of about ten minutes in a row - a feat impossible directing - sticks makes this concise sub-Jarmusch reality porn for two films in a row now? Millennium Mambo can be a dead weight, but at least he has two great shots, shots that hinted at the true vocation Howe as the film equivalent of Odilon Redon: These frames are the sex scenes with flashing lights and arrhythmically opening shot Shu Qi floats blue down the corridor. His order goods by mail making Café Lumiere seems to be removed two great shots with Millennium Mambo, to make it more consistent. You be the judge if this sounds tempting. <br /> <br /> Hou is not necessary to finalize - you can not specify the hanging idea further than Flowers of Shanghai. It must expand, to swell outward to release the inner and expressionist genre Revitalizer that squanders so absurdly cliched on minimalism. It's time for him to make a live-action remake of Akira or something. This kind of feature film, where actors must be genuine because they are impersonal in the long shot, and speak in monosyllables now every last bit as safe, and a stagnant ghetto as the action of a Hollywood blockbuster. (What is the relationship between "reality" and the people who can not speak? It seems to me that people "in real life" will never cease to talk.) Again, given that only in 2005 brought big-budget films, as diverse and rich in ideas on how Aeon Flux, the island, and King Kong, is now safe to say that even Michael Bay has surpassed Howe, and this is very sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that, although Hou in his 50s he sincerely feels to me as though he had not even begun. there are several points in the film, showing promise still is, for example, whimsical I was a little early in the bookstore, when the room is dim in the bloody sunset red while Hitoto says about babies with those goblins. But whether fear holds him back, but it is convenient to make the same movie over and over again and will be announced trusting and pretentious, as the savior of the movie, of Hou, your time as a favorite Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto and Berlin film festivals, and everything else about the people caught on your trick twice quickly. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You are cheating on both of these tedious manipulations that are going to go up their dark tunnels forever. The risk of shirts on the sci-fi epic, to sell, to be reviled - but leave the social criticism to people who have no eyes and no heart. Let your talent colorfully express themselves to the fullest. You are not going to ever get out of the suspended anyway.
