I'm a relative late to the transcendental work of filmmaker film Ode, which masterfully understated view of Japanese life, especially in the period after World War II, illuminate universal truths. Having now seen some of his iconic films such as 1949, in "late spring" and 1953 "of Tokyo Story", I am convinced that Ozu was a particularly special gift to convey feelings range arising from the conflict between the generations in terms of elliptic narrative and thin system. He is passionate about the desire of Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-Hsien, to pay tribute to Oda in his age with that at all relaxing film 2003. Among because screenwriter Chu Tien-wen, Hsiao-Hsien, seems to get the video right, but does not reflect the necessary emotional weight that would make ice tolerable pace. <br /> <br /> The story concerns Yoko, a young Japanese writer explores life in the mid-20th century, the Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan where she taught Japanese. After 25 minutes delayed installation of the character, she shows her father and stepmother that she was pregnant by one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, the cafe each Yoko Hajime, who works used bookstore has an obsession for trains and seems likely to be in love with her. Xiao-Hsien associates the thin line section with a series of images intended to take inordinately long as changes in the composition of frames. There are also long stretches of silence, as well as an abundance of scenes involving trains. Although these methods are consistent with the style of Oz, in it Hsien can not dive into the psyche of the characters, like Ozu made with the maximum flow and minimum theatrically, in particular, the plight of Yoko seems rather evasive in the scheme of the drama presented and the reaction of her parents' overly passive keep most interest. In fact, the entire film has an atmosphere of weariness about it that makes the film feel endless. <br /> <br /> The performances unobtrusive, though hardly memorable. J-pop music stars Yo Hitoto brings natural ease Yoko, and Tadanobu Asano is something of a cipher like Hajime. The other characters are a bit register, even Nenzhi Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo, parents Yoko. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing provides expert work, even though it violates the cardinal rule Oda films entirely maintain the stability of the camera during shooting. Hitoto says, sings pop song samples used it more than the end of the loan, "Ito-Shian." DVD includes the hour, the French made a documentary film «Métro Lumière", which actually help to provide some of the context of his approach to the film Xian. It includes excerpts from films Oda, in particular, "Equinox Flower" to show parallels with this film, although strangely no mention of any "of Tokyo Story" or "early summer", the apparent basis for some scenes and situations set- ups . There are also interviews Hitoto edited clips, Asano, and Hsiao-hsien, as well as a movie trailer.
