Creepshow 2 is a continuation of the ill-fated (overvalued) of the original George A. Romero, Creepshow. Any continuation after the film Romero, who is not directed Romero himself got some big shoes to fill, mainly due Romero fans out there who think that he is God. I do not care much for the first movie, and funny enough, I do not care much for the continuation. The film series was so much potential, but it did not last long, because both films have been less than stellar. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with Creepshow 2 was that it was only three stories (except for history-between), and because the first story sucked beyond belief, he left only a chance to almost half of the film be * really * good. I saw CS 2 in the film and the first segment was a real groaner. All that drama with George, "I can not act," Kennedy is automatically judged and the history of the Indian statue was too fake and simply have no place in this sequel. So after a very banal and boring beginning, there were only two other stories left in the reverse failure interrupted the start and, unfortunately, the other two stories were not big enough for me to forget the first story. Raft and hitchhiking moderately successful, moderately, because the two other segments have their moments, they still sorta fall flat. Two recent stories mostly stretched too long. This is not what I wanted history occurred at a breakneck pace and the end of the fast, but good ideas are found in these stories were Grade offset by the fact that they were slow and paved and eventually fell when the segments need to be more energetic , more unpredictable and punchy finish. Also, if the last two stories were not outstretched pad film had all three segments was shorter more efficient editing and direction, they could add a much-needed fourth story of the bunch. With only three soft segments made on the sad holiday. <br /> <br /> action and writing in both the raft and the segments are taken from The Hitchhiker's awfully good. I like Chiles in the last segment. This is probably the best time on the screen aside from its role as a Bond girl Holly Goodhead in Moonraker and Death on the Nile. But even its role is difficult to understand sometimes because serviceable direction and unfocused stories. Should we hate her or sympathize with her? Should we sympathize intrusive travel? If hitchhiking body was found by other people on the road than he was when he attacked Chiles? Was it a ghost or a zombie or something? As the body eventually left the presence of other people who found him dead to attack the Chiles? All this is not very clear, even for supernatural stories. And the ending is pretty boring and uneventful. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous history of the raft, well, that operates mainly on the terrible side, and none of the characters are not sympathetic or interesting. Characters would be more interesting were the actors played themselves. None of the actors are not convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than a dumb athlete he plays and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not very convincing as a typical bitchy slut. It seems too timid. The same can be said for the other two, who play "simple" teenagers. The idea of ​​an oil slick killer interesting and horrible, but not very well executed. There was supposed to be the fifth character of the story, maybe homeless or ranger who lurks around the lake, and is aware of the oil slick and could be the alter ego of the watery monster race. As bad as the oil slick, it does not make for a convincing "character." And the way the story ends, all seems pointless. A lot of punch to it at all. <br /> <br /> a few tickle aspects of exclusion, which always seem to make the boredom is worth seeing in the theater Creepshow 2 was basically a waste of money and time. CS 2 is greater than the rent the material that you are paying to see on the big screen.
