We've all been there, sitting with friends to watch a bad movie, laughing, how badly it was done and how the action was poor; in the end, all titles and looks around and says, "How can such a movie was made? who paid the money to the script made into a feature film? "Well, the puzzle is not such a film, instead of asking how this garbage in the budget you wonder why manufacturers have been shot from a cannon in the sun. So, the puzzle is quite possibly the worst movie ever made or conceived, it comes from a man who had seen and campfire stories Fever Lake. The film begins in a certain class of college, what kind of a class I'm not sure, but he imagined to be a class of art. Now these Dorks gave a final draft of their idiotic teacher, five of them are given pieces of the dummy and told to design it in any way on your own, and since there are only five pieces of the other students in the class receive and automatic, oddly enough there are only six students in all of this class, so that one gets a free Goth chic and good for her! A week passes and five students and a teacher, plus one mountaineer husband met in the bar, to discuss them and to complete their project, they put the pieces together, head, arms, legs, and tell others why they chose its own specific design, now time, these creative geniuses used a week before their full benefits, one put the saw blade in his left hand, while others are spare, right foot gets a bunch of broken ceramic glued to him and left a few magazine clippings, and the head is the worst rymats camera eyes, ala Hellraiser 3, with some bottle rockets for a stylish mo-hawks. After they spilled their guts about their design features are now drunk teacher says they need to burn a dummy, now aptly named Puzzle. Now by this time he was a terrible film standard fair, bad acting, the dialogue, and all the rest, but still it was quite plausible, but after Jigsaw ignited things take a turn for the worse ... Jigsaw alive .. How do you ask ? I have no idea what he just did not because we were not able to come up with a realistic way to two pounds worth of molded plastic to become alive (Come on, guys, lighting bolt, running bait priest, it might work.) To how When the puzzle comes alive, he uses his new ability to walk very slowly and unnatural with its molded finger to wreak havoc. First, he kills a tough guy with some barbed wire, the guy who was going to get it with a hot chic decides to drink beer the ground in the distance is more important than what is in front of him. With him went puzzle shoots sexy girl in the face, and then gives the old man a heart attack with a slight twist of his head, and then he drank up to unpleasant woman looking south, and then her husband mountaineer; Jigsaw then kills NERDY guy with some headless deception. I have already said, the puzzle taking body parts from his victims to make a human version of yourself? Nope! Well, it does not matter that they do not even show his horrible creation, they do not even show him escape from his torso poor creators (Maybe he's trying to create a detective head on In Living Color). Thus, after the five were killed a teacher and brake girl all who remained, the teacher finds out that the puzzle need only head to complete his masterpiece, because it is still not interested in that thing torso. So to be a coward he is a teacher connects the girl as the victim of a puzzle that comes in only to go to the teacher with his electric milling cutter, which is not even connected to the network. That is where the fucking movie ends, we don "t even get to see the teacher to kill or what happens to a woman, let alone explain why the puzzles come to life, or, as it is cleared by itself after burns. This film is so shameful it is also seen, it is only 71 minutes, so it's a small part of the day; For memories of life, puzzle, puzzles, puzzles. Thank Total Recall! The judge ruled to watch the puzzle only if your plans seem to be tearing your genitals are played.
