This film really disappointed me. Brutal act. Incredible. And it's about the actors. History incredibly obvious: independent group of actors to stage a Passion Play, and in turn, they begin to live the life of the characters they play. I watched a lot of films in recent years, thanks to Netflix, and it's the first one I have not watched all the way through for a long time. I felt that I did not need to see the end; we all know that the end of the story. <br /> <br /> For some, it seems, this "modernization" of the Gospels either blasphemous or instructive. I can not speak with any of this, I was not raised in a Christian church. That being said, I was raised in the US, and I live in a Christian culture. I'm curious enough about Jesus and the modernization of religion, for better or for worse. I have not seen Mel Gibson's version, but I believe that those who liked that one will like it, except by the most conservative. I just want it to be the best film. <br /> <br /> Many of these reviews praise the direction of Arkan, and especially in the cinema. I liked neither. The film itself is quite stiff and instructive. I do not believe people characters, and I have never been associated with them on the screen of life. Playing the game is very much outdated and will not be, I think, to bear its own weight in the production in real time. But this does not apply to the case. What do I really need this job would be a strong development of the characters and the plot to support the philosophical and theological questions of the film would be about. A musical options are obvious and unoriginal. <br /> <br /> There were two examples that come readily to mind. Firstly, there is a re-enactment of the parables of Jesus driving the moneylenders out of the temple: the leading actor, who has fallen for a woman who will play Mary Magdalene and who is also a model and dancer, became enraged that she must humiliate himself, listening to commercials (the wicked manufacturer and lots of panting men in the audience) with its pants down. He trashes the place and chases them all. I think this is the level that the film wants to achieve. The romance between the two is completely arbitrary and not very emotionally understood, and the scene is played out as a high school provision Death of a Salesman, that is not very good. Please stop hitting me on the head with this obstinate "value." Another link between the other female role and a priest, who asked them to make a game, and who in the end turns against them and make them into our day-corrupt church. Why. Why did she sleep with this guy. "It makes him so much fun, and I so little pain." Ah, the holy whore and attractive old coot. It would seem simple enough for Arcand, to show, but not worth the candle, to enrich and enliven these symbols. They go through the motions, and I was drawn to the eject button. <br /> <br /> Do not hesitate to write to me as dull, exhausted or just not interested. You can watch this film and see the passion in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, delivered in the amateur and useless charade. Feel free to have all your preconceived ideas proclaimed and see grains of artistic integrity, left for monotonous nonsense. But do not say I did not warn you.
