It is difficult to say when Noonan and Marshall try to ape Abbott & Costello, Martin & Lewis, Curl and Larry, or any other comedy team, but whoever it was, they tried to imitate, they failed miserably. There's hardly a weak laugh throughout this incredibly stupid picture. Noonan (who helped write the allegedly "script") and Marshall have no chemistry at all; Marshall seems to be trying to type a cool Dean Martin reckless, but it does not come even remotely close. God knows what Noonan thought he was doing, but certainly was not funny. He seems to think that clapping his hands and feet a lot and looked silently at all, and everything is the height of the screen comedy; maybe for him it is not for spectators. I remember it in the theaters when it came out. It was at the bottom of the double counting with three-year-old Jeff Chandler Western ( "Pillars of the sky", which was very good) and three short, the Stooges ( "juicy bullfighter," which was not), and about 20 minutes in this thing all children the audience were throwing things at the screen; it was so strikingly unfunny that it does not even measure up to the worst cowards Three Stooges. I stayed around the end of this (not what I wanted, but my parents were not bound to pick me up until after the movie was over), and by the time this mess was over, I was the only one in the theater, I saw him again around 15 or so years ago on cable one night and stayed around to watch it to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It was worse. The only thing he has is Julie Newmar, who was smokingly hot for it as ever; but her, this thing has absolutely nothing to recommend it. Two of them also play the Japanese soldiers, and how they do it makes the infamous game Jerry Lewis Japanese characters, with thick glasses, step-down-gear, it is not clear mental malfunction look benign by comparison. Marshall went on to host the «Hollywood Squares", and Noonan continued to try himself in film making, but most of them were nearly as bad as it is. Not really, although I do not think that can be as bad as this. Really pathetic waste of film. Do not waste your time on it.
