"Kings and Queen" is a bloated French drama that roams for endless two hours and thirty two minutes before any noticeable point or purpose. <br /> <br /> In the film, the two stories seem unrelated at first, but in the end, to connect with each other about halfway through the movie. The first centers around Nora and her struggle with various men in her life, including elderly father, who discovers that he only has a few days left to live. Another story involves a young man named Ismael, a violinist, which manifests itself placed - unjustly, he believes - in a mental hospital by an unknown third party intrigue. After traveling through on separate tracks for some time, these two plot strands eventually come together, when we learn that Ismael former lover Norah and the man she chose to take her son from an early relationship tragic. <br /> <br /> with a little more attention and a significant number of ordering, "Kings and Queen" may have been a powerful, all-absorbing drama about modern day relationships. This, of course, there are moments of stunning intuition and emotional strength, and performance, for the most part, complex and moving. But, in general, the film meanders and maunders to such an extent that, to be honest, it begins to wreak havoc on our patience and wear out his welcome at an early stage. Even more distressing is the fact that, despite the fact we spend what seems like an eternity soft in the company of these people, we do not really know quite what to make any of them, when the show is finally over. For example, the father of Nora, before his death, writes destroyed accusatory nature against his daughter that just do not ridicule a woman, we have been looking for more than two hours. Nora is not entirely true Mother Teresa (then again, who is?), But it certainly does not deserve the invectives thrown at her by her own father. Nora can be charged with confused, indecisive, self-centered little time, but enough evil to her father wishing he could give her his cancer and get her to die in his place? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this film just works at a deep level that I could not understand. But my suspicion is that even the writer Roger Bobo and co-writer / director Arnaud Desplechin will have problems to fully explain their purpose here. It is well acted, pretentious bore a film that takes the viewer on a long, obscure journey through the sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that leaves him none the wiser and more enlightened at the end than it was at the beginning.
