"Roy and others Reine» sprawling mess of a movie, which is likely to annoy as many viewers as it delights. It focuses on Nora turns to ex-lovers (Emmanuelle DEVOS) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric), because each of them are faced with a serious crisis in their separate lives. While the story of Nora play straight and somber tone, Ismael's played mostly for laughs, though it's not particularly funny. Nora crisis triggered by the terminal illness of his father, Louis (Maurice Garrel) and Ismael by his sudden detention in a psychiatric hospital, at the instigation of a mysterious third party. Ismael and Louis are only two of the men who shaped the life of Nora, and, in turn, was formed by its most notable others being her first lover by the late Pierre and their little son, Elias. As events in the past and present played for the audience, and former lovers to participate in each other's lives again, gradually it becomes clear that the personal take Nora to her stories of life may be less reliable than it seems at first glance. <, Br /> <br /> Director of Arnaud Desplechin Cult fashioned considerable oddity here, the one that got serious applause in France. He deliberately refrained established narrative conventions and is developing the film through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. If this approach was based on a coherent unifying theme or main idea it could work, but it is not clear in the end what Desplechin film is really about. Heavy hints of Greek mythology and the Freudian theory, obviously, loaded with meaning, but at least for this uneducated cinema-goer, is still less than helpful in highlighting and interpreting the characters' lives. In other cases, treatment failures in the kitsch, but the use of a painkiller «Moon River», as the theme tune of the film suggests that this is probably intentional. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler ** advert I suspect the main theme of the film is not very original remark that, as we see ourselves may be radically different from how others see us, or even the way we we think others see us. This idea is most obviously represented in the film by Pierre violent death and the revelations contained in the secret diary of Louis, but unfortunately both events seem completely disconnected from what otherwise was discovered in audience Pierre and Louis appropriate relations with Nora, it seems to read a portion of Desplechin, as if he were pushing the idea of ​​us in unmediated form, instead of illustrating more subtly in the natural course of the narrative. One or two mysteriously surreal touches mean the existence of an alternative, but mostly unconscious world of people shared bogey naked, but again, they felt more like pretentious film-intrusion technology, and not the eruption of a deeper reservoir of truth inherent in this story. In fact, for all his despotic hints at the depth, the characters are curiously undeveloped and unnuanced, as if they are more than ciphers for many of the ideas of its founder about the people, not as real people in their own right. Most of the details of their life seems arbitrary manner, rather than organic. For example, Ismael, because we are constantly reminded, is a viola player, but more than two hours to go before we actually see or hear him play, and the effect of it the selected tool or profession on his personality never developed. Thus, it can just as well be a marine biologist or Acrobat. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain charm manic disordered, but ultimately, a healthy Ismael, but I found annoying and monotonous Virgo (which may be intentional, however) as elusive Nora. At the same time, Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael father Elsa Wolliaston his psychoanalyst and as a magician Box emotionally wounded but defiant Sinologist he is friends in the hospital make a big impact among the supporting actors. Catherine Deneuve in it too, although its role is nothing more than a self-referential cameos. <br /> <br /> In the end, "Rua and others Reine» very acquired taste. If he is not able to push your buttons, it is very likely that undisciplined and diverse approach Desplechin will frustrate and exasperate even if you somehow keep looking.
