This is another one of those "people against insects / eco-horror" features; a theme that was popular in the late 70s. Only you can not call it a horror. There is no zero uncertainty and terrible events. In other words, this film is quite inaccurate. This does not mean that it is very bad, or something; it's just very sad. The construction site at the hotel reveals a large nest of ants. Later we learn that, probably because of the different types of pesticides used in the past, they become poisonous bite. Some people were bitten and rushed to the hospital, and it takes ages for the inhabitants of the hospital to find out what happens. Foxworthy figures this is the first, and then you can see it in the fury of the digger for what seems like hours. Then they run into the house, waiting to be rescued. And man, you should see all of the efforts they make to save them. I will not spoil too much, but at some point they even use a large helicopter. All the time, when I looked at it, I sat there and thought, "Well, men, you got shoes on. Just run out of the building. I'm sure a bunch of ants do not catch up with you. "It's all pretty funny. <br /> <br /> Of course, a lot of close-ups of ants crawling shown throughout the film. Ants in the garden. Ants in the trash. The ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the sink. And the best part: Ants crawling on people's faces, while the actors breathe through a straw. But if you see ants in the wider group shots, they really look like black rice with set designers glued to the wall. <br /> <br /> One small surprise was over. No, it has nothing to do with a twist in the plot. It was just that Brian Dennehy made an appearance as the chief fireman. EHRR ... What else can I say? This film is called It happened at Lakewood Manor but the box art reading my copy Ants name during the opening credits was PANIC AT Lakewood Manor. There you have it. Now, since this is a film made for television from the 70s, I will once again is very soft in my final ranking. Now, savage bees and other "people against insects TV movie from 1976 was much better than this. I even feel like I have to go back and add a few points to his rating after, he saw an ant. Not having unexplained action, thrill, shock and horror, the only thing you'll be left with after watching ANTS annoying itching.
