About the only thing I liked about this movie that was enough in it to keep me in his chair until the end ... I kept thinking that maybe in the next scene it would have been Gel ... Alas ... <br /> <br /> Those who love Gus Van Sant's films - especially his later - probably like this. Personally, I think Van Sant's films to be blunt, condescending and pretentious. Well, he was an executive producer on the film, so it is not surprising that the film could almost have been made to them. - although personally I really liked it better than the last efforts of Van Sant (eg elephant) <br /> <br /> Unlike many here, I do not think the film was hard to understand, or inconsistent, I thought, that, first of all, this is a film that wants to represent a certain mood - the mood of a teenager who moves slowly in the adult world - but so slowly that changes are hardly noticeable, if at all. But I feel that the problem with the film is that the "mood" is not enough ... and not only that, but the mood is painted here is, in my view, wrongly chosen for the story that supposedly occurs. Dream-like quality, so closely connected with nature, beautifully captured here, but this mood, which belongs to a much more significant youngest child, one who is actually still does get completely caught up in watching nature unfold (waves on the beach, grass and flowers, spiders, etc.). The rhythm of the film reminds me of my summer, when I was eight or nine. There is a languor to the film, which is in opposition to what should be a very stressful time in teenage life. If you are caught in a crush on someone - or be the subject of bullying in school - you're nothing but a limp! There are only two things that really worked for me in the film ... spoilers here - first, when Logan falls groceries and his mother throws a little attack. Frustration adult dealing with a klutzy kid - especially without a father present - seemed real to me <br /> <br /> The second, and only part of the film with any voltage to it, were the scene where "Leah" (Logan. restoring itself) Rodeo phones and tries to seduce him in a phone-sex. The first reason, I liked it because the person who did the voice-over to «Leah» was the most convincing actor in the whole film. (this made me think of Claire Danes with My So-Called Life ... voice even sounds like Claire.) She and Rodeo were only scenes that gave were entirely plausible between children and I particularly liked the fact that the Rodeo only pretended to play along ... it was probably the best moment in the film is -. in the end - we got some character development <br /> <br /> in general, somewhat ridiculous efforts ... we have to see what he does in his next film, before we can really talk a lot about the potential talent of the director .. at the same time he can get away from the influence of van Sant, this can make it a world of good. Who is this director anyway - one of the boy's toys Van Sant?
