Just horrible slasher, formed from I Know What You Did Last Summer type of food has a beautiful rich students spend spring break in a condo in Florida being killed one by one. Misfire in every conceivable category of well-formed suspended from sequences..nothing executed death handled properly and symbols leave a little more than you watch cartoons root mowed as quickly as possible. Del Tenney (The Curse of the Living Corpse, I Eat Your Skin), all people, executive producer, co-writer and star, as a priest in the key role, whose relationship to the killer, I believe is what he psychosis. Revelation killer Inconvenient processed and inefficient, perhaps not surprisingly, the soul who watches it. There are many attempts to jump panic, with one character popping out to scare her friend, who could not even make a few cheap thrills, because they are so designed so insipid. Most attacks occur off-screen with bleeding cuts the throat (or pool ..), which provides the only real manifestation of violence. Drawn-out final, where the killer goes on and on with the actor is desperate to make him a villain as diabolical and insane, as far as possible, it is inconvenient and stressful less. There is not a single positive to learn from this clichéd and dull exercise with quite a cast made little effort to climb past them one-dimensional roles. And, for the sake of self-pity, they could at least allow us to see Joey Lawrence get beheaded or something to endure suffering to sit through this pile of junk for 90 agonizing minutes. <br /> <br /> Dora Barton, as the heroine of the final girl, Beth Morgan, who seems to be possessed by the killer, could not be more meaningless and uninteresting (.. oh, she was in a rehabilitation center, and takes pills for her nightmares such an intriguing exhibition). Chad Allen filed against type as a very terrible "friend" groups (.. who happens to disappear from the film of the first, setting up the idea that he is the first victim), has a tough hill to climb with his role, so it is cool eventually stumbles, rolling uncontrollably with no end in sight. Jeff Conaway, need cash, I think, have precipitated the role of an FBI agent whose murder of his daughter leads him to look for the killer, forcing him to Florida. Jack McGee has his habitual $$ hole in the role as a major smart-mouth Florida police, who often face to face with Conaway agent. <br /> <br /> Thus, response to said question..not title precisely. Because as soon as you get the answer, you'll wonder why you are fed up with this anyway.
