The film began with Wheeler penetrated into the apartment of his girlfriend. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a man too talented for this film) do not like Wheeler - the feeling that I can easily touch. Aunt decided to take this soft lady abroad to get it from Wheeler. They left and Wheeler invested in a small revolution in the mythical kingdom, because they had promised to make him a king. Around the same time, Woolsey was in the same mythic little realm, and he was king. Therefore, if Wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight with him, but they refused, because they are already friends. - which greatly disappointed the people, like murder and replacement of the Kings is a national pastime <br /> <br /> I'm a big fan of comedy from the golden age of Hollywood - mute through the 1940 year. I have seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands of these films, and yet, in spite of my love and appreciation for these films I've never been able to understand the appeal of Wheeler and Woolsey - the only comedy team, which could be just as bad as the Ritz brothers! Despite very successful in his short career in Hollywood (cut short due to the early death of Robert Woolsey), I can not help but notice that nearly every other successful teams have done the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, there were many elements of the film, which resembles a movie the Marx Brothers, Duck Soup, but cracked NUTS never made me laugh, and Duck Soup was stupid and very enjoyable romp. From time to time, Woolsey said, a bit like Groucho, but his jokes never have punchlines, that even remotely funny! In fact, he just seemed to babble aimlessly. Its only funny quality was that he looked goofy - certainly not enough reason to put it on film. In addition, Wheeler was the comic appeal of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese, who sang very badly! Missed opportunity was an old vaudeville routine later popularized by Abbott and Costello as "who's on first", which was made in this film, but it lacked any spark of wit or time. In fact, shortly after they began their misadventures, they had just finished the procedure - so early that you were disappointed. I knew "who's on first" has been around for many years and is used by many teams, but I really would like to see Wheeler and Woolsey give him a fair punch and give it your own twist. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another sub-par film of this duo. Although I must admit that I liked a few of their films gently (eg, silly Billies and THE Rainmakers - I actually gave 6 to on IMDb), this one was a serious test of endurance to finish - that I believe everything happens too often, when I review films Wheeler and Woolsey. Where are all the humor?
