Final cost: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After watching "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back," I had a big blow Dushku, when I was shooting this film. «Soul Survivors» is undesirable "psychological thriller" dressed as a bad teenager chopper click - until the presence of masked killer of young cutting roll up and want as Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), briefcases Affleck (Drowning Mona) and sympathetic star Seyzhmiller. Luke Wilson is also there, funny how miscast priest. The film, the brainchild of writer / director Stephen Carpenter seems mutant offspring «Open Your Eyes» or «Vanilla Sky» and movies where the character (and the audience) is caught in dillusion world as a result of an accident / death. The film continues to stamp confuses image and leaves us in a state of confusion is constantly working, as long as this alternate reality is not completely resolved. I do not think that these movies that entertaining them very nature, to begin with, but «SS» rock-bottom cheap rubbish movie any way you slice it. Visuals, script, acting and attempted originality are all disposable delayed in such films as this. In addition, this PG-13, so do not even take a blood or T & A to support it as a guilty pleasure (even the unrated version of the manual). I heard that the film contained some "hot" shower scene between Dushku and Sagemiller. As the film collapsed in front of me and all the other entertainment seemed lost I discovered patiently waiting for the shower scene - at least, I would like to get something out of it. Then we are talking about: two girls get paint on their shirts, they jump in the shower fully clothed and clean it. That's all. People thought that it was hot? «Soul Survivors» is one of those disclosed dead sad movies that are so weak and inept, it is difficult to have any feeling at all for him. She does not put out anything and hardly worth writing about. In the end, it leaves us empty. Carpenter's finale is a disorder of the flashing light and sound pounding, and it is probably the most lively part. It would certainly be making the rounds as a late night staple in the US or Sci-Fi Channel, due to its low cost and a PG-13 rating - and this is probably the best for him.
