The world stands on the brink of imminent destruction and suicide mission sent to the sun, to prevent a catastrophe, triggering a bomb in his fiery heart: yes, it's sunny crisis, the famous crisis of 2050, which burned down a huge chunk of change that is never seen on screen in 1990 year and he came back barely enough to buy a Happy Meal for each of the actors in Japan, before going straight to video (remember them?) in the edited version, credited to one Alan Smith. The plot of Hooke's almost the same as the Sun - a suicide mission to the Sun, a saboteur on board, logic adrift - except that this time they are trying to revive the sun, but prematurely detonate solar flare, before it can reach the Earth . With said a bomb. Voiced by Paul Williams. Who wants to be upgraded, so the team will take it more seriously ?? Considering that the cast also includes Jack Palance in its most insanely OTT, Charlton Heston in its most rigid, top-liner Tim Matheson in its most anonymous, the original The Hills Have Eyes unforgettable Berryman (you can not remember the name, but you do not forget that a person) and Peter Boyle as an industrialist, to sabotage the mission, because, um, if he succeeds the world will be saved, but its stock price will go down, can be expected, if not laugh-a minute at least laugh every drum. No joy. This is the worst kind of bad movie: a sad one. fate of the world may hang in the balance, but the whole film is shot with a complete lack of urgency and momentum into the same constant mortal slow pace. There's a low-key and there to go through it, but then the actors do not even do that. Instead, they are simply standing still, staring at the screen in almost total darkness for most of the time. You keep talking in hopes of bombs Paul Williams suffered an existential crisis, but instead of a movie ... just standing there, doing almost nothing. Literally. This is one of the rare films ever ?? so inert that if Clive Owen was cast, he almost looked alive in comparison. Even poorly explained suicide attempt repairs can not raise interest cakes, because it mainly includes, yes, the actors just standing still, staring at the screens in near darkness. Even if the bomb prematurely goes to the countdown before they started dealing with a new crisis by ?? standing still, staring at the screen in almost complete darkness, as if they had all the time in the world. Merchant-Ivory films have more scenes. <br /> <br /> Things are not much livelier down on Earth, where the film spends most of the time, it works with his son Matheson in / grandson Chuck Corin Nemec tries to ride to the spaceport through arid desert landscape with a crazy artist in Palance "looking for notes there until the chicks still dig me" while ambushed rejected by Mad Max robbery and evil corporate suits who track it down, so that they can ?? release him on a nice beach. Just do not expect logic, if you have not guessed that much. The best moment? ditzy girl in the bar, Jack Palance describes as "an old man with white hair and a face like leather rot," though Chuckie baby taking aircraft villain bazooka baked from the hip from the box office or beating Barfly loving it takes the desired pieces of the camp in the film, which is 99 % it works now offering a whole lot of Nuttin 'Richard C. Sarafian is slightly longer than the original cut, which is played in Japan offers another six minutes, but calls to cut down to a more manageable 17 minutes:. Director Vanishing Point should be grateful your lucky stars if you re-edit made his excuse to take him and I'm from the film. The film is so bad, it's not good, and painfully unfunny him
