I do not think that it was absolutely horrible as some people seem to do. It runs like one of those bad horror movies, you can spend time in the middle of the night when you can not sleep, though admittedly, it is not better than that. It is true that the acting is not great - I thought McAndrew, Cathy Beck, for example, came across as totally objective - but the main problem lies in the fact that some aspects of the story really does not make sense to me. The Becks is in the journey, described by John (Stuart Moss), as part of the work, and partly in the honeymoon they never had (now it is romantic!) The work piece has something to do with a tour caves, that in itself sounds strange (how is it is part of a tour group through the cave connected with the work of someone?), but it becomes a stranger, when we find that he is a doctor doing research in the field of preventive medicine (huh? this compound is completely lost me.) bitten by a bat while he is in a cave, he begins peratvarats and that I think was supposed to be a man-bat hybrid (though when we finally see him in makeup, he looks much more like a human-ape of some sort), and a series of murders begins. That's another problem. The first murder of a nurse in a hospital. First, everyone thinks that her death was an accident. The second murder of a young girl who is described as having her throat torn out. Sheriff (Michael Pataca) then tells us that her death was like a nurse (meaning throat ripped out -? How anyone could think that was an accident) and that the sheriff? He seems pretty nya-nonsense to the scene in the hotel room, Cathy, when he takes a sip of alcohol, and then almost rapes her, then everything seems to be back to normal. He straddled the end, which left almost all outstanding, as well as one of the most annoying theme song I have ever heard in the film. Even something here that kept me watching. Sometimes pure cheesiness you can get a half hour. Pretty bad, yes - but not as bad as some people say.
