«The Bat People» is a proud resident IMDb Bottom 100. Every once and a while the film suddenly disappears from the notorious list, depending on whether there is a new movie with Paris Hilton in the lead or documentaries on the American Idol star, but it is always reliably return sooner or later. And why? Because, unlike the majority of buckwheat in the list, «The Bat People» is a legitimate bad film, and he deserves to be there, regardless of any media influences or Internet noise! It's almost not the worst movie ever made, since the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and ingenuity, but it's still an unspeakably difficult to sit through the whole thing. The script is incredibly boring with absolutely unnecessary indented frames and huge gaps in succession, and yet the main characters remain strangers all throughout the film. In addition to clever script, the film is also not spectacular sequences for murder and makeup effects ?? although affectionate young Stan Winston ?? They are ridiculously inept and remain largely invisible to the end of the film. The film's title is inaccurate, as "people" refers to the number in the plural, while the story is really just spinning on one Bat Person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, Batman currently plays in this film, and he also has a real Bat Cave and Bat-mobile (stolen ambulance)! The plot is a young couple on their honeymoon, a weekend exploring the caves. They wander off with a tour group, and he gets bitten by a bat while trying to protect his wife from the vicious attack of the animal. Worried that he may be infected with rabies, he held intensive treatment at a local hospital, but still it does not prevent it slowly turns into a bloodthirsty bat creature. It kills random people at night and toy around with a suspicious police sergeant while his loving wife still strongly believes that embarrassing behavior solely because of allergic reactions to the treatment of rabies. Of course, my dear! The script never explains why a bat will attack people, and how John is always changing back to a normal person at the dawn of a new day, and not gradually transformed into a permanent state of BAT-guano. So basically, «The Bat People» variation on the good old werewolf-topic, but, obviously, not very interesting. The concept showed great potential but somehow at the center of the sub plots whiny drunks and perverse sheriff, not the horrible monsters. Some parameters and placement of outdoor shooting look impressive, mismatch song played during the credits surprisingly catchy, there's a good bit of baked blood during menopause (at last!) And the main actress McAndrew is a great looking (though not to listen to). current list of really bad and boring film 100 in the lower spot number 80, and I personally hope that it sticks out somewhere in the region. The list just will not feel and traditional without «The Bat People».
