Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins at the outlet of Hamilton High School in 1957 where Mary Lou Malone (Lisa Schrage) changes its date Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) of Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill learns and devastated, meanwhile Mary Lou declared prom queen in 1957 and takes to the stage to accept her decision. Bill, still hurt, decides to play a cruel joke on Mary Lou, so he throws fireworks on stage, but still lit the fuse setting picks his & her on fire for a few seconds, Mary Lou Mary Lou toast. 30 years later & Hamilton High quickly hold an annual prom. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now the main and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis), which meets Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon You) and are planning in going to the prom together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, that terrible night 30 years ago, still haunts Bill & Bud. Once Vicky looks around the basement of the school, when it detects a large suitcase, which she opens up, it is a bad move, as the vengeful spirit of Mary Lou are set free and intends claiming his crown as the queen of the ball and sets her free time to avenge the untimely death. First it Jesse Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death depressed suicidal, Mary Lou begins to possess the body of Vicky as prom night approaches. After getting rid of some competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes), who is trying to correct the prom so she wins. Mary Lou in the body of Vicky Hamilton High crowned prom queen, who allows himself to Mary Lou to come back from the dead to make a surprise appearance and really liven up the party ... <br /> <br /> With absolutely no relation to the original prom Night (1980) and directed by Bruce Pittman I thought Hello Mary Lou: prom Night II was not a particularly good film. Scenario Ron Oliver concentrates more on the supernatural elements, rather than cheap topics grinder Adolescents, whether it was good or bad decision will depend on your expectations, I suppose. Personally, I have found these different elements do not gel or work that well together at all. The entire film was far to slow to be really nice, after the opening sequence, where Mary Lou dies no one was killed, while a half-hour mark, and then the film is pulled along for another half hour before Vicki finally had and the film finally grows to a climax, where the evil Mary Lou kills just one person on prom night, before she supposedly defeated, let's supporter horror movie you expect that the pattern "the killer is not dead and are ready to continue," the end is not you? Do not wait for the body count high, five throughout the film, and no one particularly graphic even though I like the way Monica (Beverley Hendry in Beverley Hendry) tried to hide in a locker shower, which Mary L crushed and as a result of poor blood oozing Monica. Supernatural side Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II depicts Vicki, who has a lot of hallucinations during the first hour and Mary Lou object management during the last stages, including a couple of terrible shots rocking horse that comes to life, a cool scene board pretty good as good as it is converted into water and zombie hands Vicki drag him. Slasher side Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II not outstanding, I, like himself, she churns required sharpness and it made for a good villain, even if she did not get to kill enough people, Mary L. Oh, and so, I did get running various other honors directed horror film with almost all character names separated with a friend, this obviously adds nothing to the film, but a nice little touch I think. Actions in the order, but usually reliable Micheal Ironside looks lost and disinterested almost as if he wondered what he was doing this and whether it will ever work again. Forget about any gore someone hanged himself, there is a knife fight with a crucifix, which takes place outside of the screen, someone pierced with neon lights, the computer goes crazy and electrocutes whose face (!?) And Mary Lou breaks from Vicki body in the first I like a rotten zombie, which was pretty cool scenes. There are some shots full of naked girls in the shower as well, if that's your thing. In order to give him some credit Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II OK to see a reasonable production values ​​throughout and are generally well done. Overall, I was disappointed Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, he was too slow and ultimately unprecedented maintain my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure deserves Do this 3 or 4 stars, I give it a 4, because there is nothing particularly wrong with it, I suppose, and I spent a lot worse movies, but it's just not really do anything for me, I'm afraid.
