Truly concerned cannibalistic psychopath John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody), who lives in a cave, petioles vacationers who make the unfortunate mistake of mountaineering in his desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) get into a playful quarrel with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, later in real life the wife of Harry Kent)) and Teddy (Ann Wilkinson) on survival in the woods camping on their own. To prove his point, the girls decided to go to the desert from Los Angeles to march violates their partners to the fact that soon they go later. Fall John extraction, Teddi soon killed Sharon ran for their lives as people are late in the desert due to overheating of the truck. Fearing tired and paranoid, Sharon gets very unusual ghost children assistance..John in! That's right, kids John stayed in the wilderness, ghostly visions that spy on those who are there in the woods, taking a special sympathy for Sharon, helping to guide her to a safe place and her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie quickly find shelter from the down and pour into the darkness of the night in the cave where John lived. Cooking over a burning fire, meat Simmering are actually Charlie's wife, Teddy! Charlie unknowingly eating meat, if proposed by John, who is a stranger in his house! Anyway, in the near future, worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie went in search of their morning breaks. At the same time, John goes hunting with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in the fight for survival. When Steve suffers from a complicated fracture stumbling between two massive rocks above the current river, it will be disabled only increase this already nightmarish scenario with Sharon following its ghostly young friend to potential safety..they even, at some point, to beg their father did not kill her . Charlie, unfortunately, there are no friends. <br /> <br /> trainer Donald Jones (who also wrote .. and ruined the financing of the film) smartly shoots a film in this exciting, fantastic location in Sequoia National Park in California, where the giant trees rise to a great height, and I basically look backwoods slashers for this purpose. For some strange reason, I did not particularly find the direction of the installation is very atmospheric..the fear missing, though there are some rather alarming attack of John, using his knife (.. shot in a reasonable way, Jones Jones camera offers more than it actually is on the screen, but, anyway, still seeking that choking on what John does to victims). In this picturesque landscape to see innocent hunting maniac, this kind of fear increases. City folk trying to spend pleasant days in another place, to smell the clean, fresh air, enjoy the sights of the beautiful appearance, only to find himself pursued by a terrible predator with a very scary knife. Ensuring the history of why John monster he allows Jones to watch his memories in the disclosure of his wife's adultery and respond accordingly (.. it is also a ghost in the desert looking for his child, wanting to punish them for "prank") kills her and her lover in beds (.. refrigerator repairman). Children, sad and depressed suicide, and now the "excite" the desert, still interact with their Mr. or anyone they wish. I understand that this innovation like a ghost children in a remote slasher unique and appreciated by some, but I found the idea quite sentimental, and too stupid to take serious. They help our heroine take several potentially dangerous situations, but it was very hard for me not to giggle uncontrollably. The music that I found ugly 80s and performances are not staggering. I mean, I might react to the situation they were in, because it's really scary to find yourself in an unfamiliar and hostile territory to hunt, who knows the area very well. I think the movie is similar in many ways, do not go to WOODS..ALONE!, With the exception of the fact that the forest is above the ghost child (.. echo their voices when talking with Sharon, their parents, or with each other). Gary Kent is like a dirty George Lucas, torn clothes, and humanity is lost. As I mentioned above, the violence is not as bad as what is offered because of Jones will effectively cut off from a large proportion of knife penetration, but as he puts in the set pieces leave you quite outstanding (.. Teddi such as murder, in violence largely silhouette on the surface around the huge stone formation, her pleas for John to stop and once stabbed several times, trying to crawl away from her predator only to be finished off, hanging corpse of John skin), I've seen better and worse this type of slasher, it's pretty mediocre in l pshym case, with some effectively fired decoration. I do not think it is particularly memorable, except for the ghostly children.
