I mean all the obscure, skip, low budget horror, waiting to be rediscovered in the DVD release, why choose wood? I love the ultra low budget straight to home video or other alternative release horror. I love the 80s hacker horror. I love the wilderness slashers with fools roam in the night to be chased, killed and ate psychopaths. I have the idea of ​​non-professionals working on a horror film as a way to possibly break into the industry, or simply to make a film, because they want to make one. I'm all for the use of public places found that are not actors, not the name of the talent behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most memorable images of the forests of the opening shots of the pair is at a distance through the woods in the forest: We see them as small, vulnerable beings come into shrill grim world where people can not be at the top of the food chain or the worst predator. Next, the film does not take the plunge and never recovered - we briefly met climbing couple just as they realize that they are pursuing. They are separated, both butchered, and then we meet the main characters in the film, they are your car in a traffic jam. They meet with their friends and decided to take a hike. Snoring sounds fill the room as people who came to watch the film the violin are cell phone text messages of people are not there to tell them how much the movie sucks. <br /> <br /> This film is too slow, too boring this movie, and this movie also Talky. Which would not be so bad if the writers have given people something to say, but the most stupid, asinine and unnecessary things. You know that your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is Droopy Face park ranger, which prevents everyone from Cannibal Woods. And if we talk about such a "forest", they look about as far from civilization, overgrown vacant lot behind the football field, only with large stones and a stream flowing through it. There are spectacular footage forest primeval, but no real sense of being in the middle of it. . If any one of the characters just sat down on the trail and waited long enough, someone amble along <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, about the movie, it can not produce any human interest, I do not know who these pair and do not care what happens to them. Hermit cannibal slasher guy is not interested in even pretending to saw freshly prepared meat from the leg of one of his victims, to serve horrible bites her boyfriend, who just happens to take refuge in a cave. Ironically, which it is an embodiment of "collapsed." In combination with a deliberately sinister synth score, cinematography, that suspiciously looks like someone strapped a camera on the dog and follow the movements of people, the lack of significant gore, poverty, sinister thrills and unhealthy atmosphere, and what we have here is a horror film that does not even as scary as PBS educational TV show about how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I do not mean "distributed" to the people for this film, because they obviously went into the project with a song, the sun to push themselves to be creative, and ultimately only another boring film what kind of larva chasing a woman through the woods with a knife. There's nothing wrong with the concept that it is not so mundane and completely pedestrian path that has been made, up to a completely meaningless conclusion that the movie simply Peters of approximately 80 minutes. The best thing you can say about the forest, it's more than fast enough, and there is not so much to command re-screening - So my confused why anyone would feel the need for a DVD release. It was beautiful, like Prism Video Rental strangeness years as a DVD will be $ 5.99 per month tariff rack shelf impact. There is little or no urgency to see the movie if you do not plan to make your own ultra low budget backwoods hacker to install a public park, where no one can charge you money for shooting there. Here is a guide of steps to avoid. <br /> <br /> With all that said and done, the film made an interesting sequence, or, more precisely, a sequence that was so poorly and stupidly thought she becomes a mystery to the otherwise cut and dried film: madman comes home to find his wife in bed with a local contractor. He sends his favorite, is armed with a kitchen knife, which looks like it was made just for use in a horror movie and takes off after the intruder. Man attacks him angles and quarry, which avoids and escapes, only to have psycho materialize in his footsteps with a large, Badder weapon. Psycho attack again, and the guy leaves. Psycho materialize again and again the guy leaves. Then AGAIN! Finally on the fifth try psycho dude disengaged so that fall on a paddle contraption. How did he keep materialization armed with large Badder weapon like this? Is there some kind of supernatural element of this loony? Since the film never makes clear, one way or another scene just riddle posed to build some tension. This goal remains unclear. The entire film is like that actually exists without the need to be implemented and executed in such a clumsy and uninteresting way that one can not help but wonder what the point of this was. <br /> <br /> 3/10 and sufficient proof that just because you may miss the movie on DVD, which does not mean that you necessarily have to.
