The title of this are unclear, and (almost upright) forgotten 80-slasher inevitably reminds me of the mega-smash-hit Monster Treatment of the same name, so a piece of poetry in the header section of this user's comment. In addition, I did not have anything to say that was useful, anyway. But wait, "Forest" is not absolutely useless and not even * that * bad, actually. If nothing else, at least, he does not obey, admittedly, unwritten, the first rule of 80-slasher: kill someone for the first 10 minutes of continuous playback. Of course, you've heard about the basic premise of this film is ten times higher, but do not let this discourage you to watch him as «The Forest» has several things to offer more than just pleading sinister cover. It's actually a bit of an atypical 80-slasher! The main characters are not the usual brainless teenagers and the script is solid ambitions toward the supernatural. This concept is not always successful, not to mention a plausible, but it is more than interesting enough to hold your attention, and there are even a couple of surprisingly strong moments of tension and plot twists to enjoy. Two couples decide to go camping in the remote forests of California, but because of a stupid pledge women traveling separately from their husbands. Slightly set at night, they get a weird interview with his mother in search of her two children, the children themselves and, finally, a father who hunted for human flesh. Crazy family can be real or imaginary, but women are particularly at risk, and by the time their husbands arrive, they have already disappeared. Men also face the family, and they learn a bit more about the background of dysfunction. "Forest" is an amazing film and unusual, to say the least. It's not exactly a masterpiece of plotting, but thoroughly strange atmosphere, of course, refer to the liking of the open supporters of 80-horror. Murder is quite disgusting and captured, including cutting the throat and painful slaughter of wood and shot stunningly beautiful place. The more you think about the history and its sharp bend, the less it makes sense, so my advice would be to just enjoy this strange experience watching as long as it lasts, and not a minute longer. Operating performance is slightly above average, the music in the order and at least director Donald Jones (also responsible for the operation of the 70-Sickie «Schoolgirls in Chains") have tried to be a little more creative, that most of the '80s horror movies. It is a pity that ultimately fails.
