Painfully bad Christmas movie that is as painful to the poor performance of Vince Vaughn, who pays his usual self fraternity boy, but this time for a children's film, but with wit and charm, which is in its R rated films. Vaughn seems like he's on autopilot, although most of the film, and he continues to work on the walls of his poor performance. After 30 minutes in the film, you would touch your internal adversity and say, «Bahumbag» on how unfunny the film, and after another 30 minutes, you want to get over how unbearable the film received at that time. Of all the actors involved in this mess, but Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring some life there in a term paper thin role, and it is courageous, because they're both too good an actor to be in this movie. Paul Giamatti brings some depth and warmth to the character of the saint No, but he is forced to level Vona juvenile behavior when they make them sad mate infighting. You can see Giamatti in the face that he did not play his role and painfully evident in some parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of satisfaction and the spirit of her role, but she really does not have much character to work with, and you can see in her face that she knows that, so it seems to be irritated in some parts of the film . Luckily for her, she was not in the film much at all and is able to save face, unlike Giamatti, who looks like he's going to fire his agent at the end of the film. Direction also feels dull, there is no sense of flow or to be had, and it should be a holiday movie, but it ends up feeling like you're just looking at the fantasy widow display, which is now demolished. <, Br /> <br /> I do not know what went wrong here, but only the two parties involved (Giamatti and Weiss) strive with all the power, at least, to bring something to the table with not funny scenario they had work with, mottled direction with no feeling for the subject at hand (and this Christmas movie of all things), and the actor who just does not care about its implementation (Vaughn), you have a very uneven bad film, which is very painful to watch.
