Summary: Something mysterious dense that transmits radio signals found in the ice of Antarctica. Mysterious unit dug and brought to the research station on Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI-worker, which is included in the decoded message. The problem lies in the fact that one of the researchers, this is an old friend of his, and the situation quickly turns out to be inconvenient, especially since other female researchers practically throw at him. And a block of ice with the thing inside melts unnaturally fast. Soon the object is in the open. Mystery continues, though, as the object generates a large amount of power. He decided to open the object, but only to what will be done, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But it is too late, and the object explodes, as it finally broke, and the two things are unleashed upon the earth. The first foreigner who was frozen in place, and the second is a virus that kills instantly staff research And Washington, which suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that these things can not be decoupled to the ground So, Russian nuclear submarine, nuclear weapons are sent to Antarctica <br /> <br /> Note..: . The film has a few surprises. One of them is Carl Lewis, who called expectedly puts a good job of acting, and the second is that the special effects, beautiful, well-crafted and much better than expected. Unfortunately, history has a lot of surprises himself, and this time not in a good way. In fact, it so full of plot holes, which are sometimes in movies, seems to consist of almost casually related scenes. He never explained why Washington knows so much, why Washington is able to command the Russian submarines, why the object is in Antarctica and woke up now . It is truly amazing that the alien pod transmission in plain English. Some might explain it is that the foreigner was on the ground and knew the language (and, obviously, chose the English language why?). But then it is very confusing, why the good aliens who seem to want to save the Earth from the virus, send them, "Do not open" message is encoded! And finally, end open like the end may be. <br /> < br /> The film is a little entertaining, but too much energy (by me) to be set aside to fill the voids in the area. Therefore, the overall impression of the film is not very good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
