Well, here it is: "The Nazi mountaineer friend of the Dalai Lama." What we do is, first of all, we get a big star with no idea at all how to do a German accent, and we let him hang around between French, German, American and British over 2 hours. Then we will prepare a series of wildly improbable events and space them from each other very well, so that the plot inches along almost unnoticed. But just to be sure that the viewer is not covered asleep, we throw in the details that are amazingly absurd, for example, our hero smokes a cigarette at the height of 22,000 feet. Naturally, we must also remember that our target audience does not want to read too much subtitles, so we have every character, even the poorest peasant in a forbidden closed from the city of Lhasa in 1943, speak perfect English, as well as doubtful accents. Of course, the most difficult part, how to deal with the spiritual and political aspects of the story, so we do this: we have the Dalai Lama make friends now turned to the Nazis, because the latter is so good tinkered with film projector, radios, antique cars, as well as any other devices are free capitalist west. In their turn, our hero learns from his young protégé a kind of vague, indefinite Buddhism, which has never really brought or treated seriously. We also have a lot of scenes with the hero shows off all the characters relations and protocol, the rest of the Tibetan society is consistent with the Dalai Lama, even if we pretend that the hero has a deep and profound respect for these people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we're just waiting for that viewers believe that this guy is now a Buddhist, a sort of, in his own way, even if we ourselves do not, it seems, knows that his conversion entails and how far we want to go. And last but not least, we have to hang the statistics at the end of the movie about how badly the Chinese treat Tibetans (which is certainly true), thereby opening themselves up to accusations that we have made a "political" film, in spite of the then he anything like it. Thus, Inc. ist my idea. Vat you Zink? It can make VMS movie?
