The eyes of fear begins as five young teenage girls driving them home in time curfew, they stop at the store and accidentally hit another car and decided to just drive away and leave him. Soon after, the other car forces them to stop and crazy woman with a gun comes out and yells at them, making them take their clothes off and makes them piss on them, and then accidentally leaves. Stunned and shocked the girls think that their test is over, but the mad woman returns for a few seconds, it seems intent on killing the frightened girls, who are lost and are low on gas ... <br /> < br /> Produced and directed by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen with Swinson write thing & Theissen is responsible for cinematography and editing, I have to say that Five Across eyes easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, if not the worst, I mean, I'm struggling to think of a film I've seen worse. Now, let me start by saying that I am sure that many of the filming of the decision taken here were intentional to try and bring the atmosphere, tension, realism & unknown, but there is not one aspect of the eyes of fear, I did hate to be honest, it looks like a bad home video, which was put on YouTube, and even then it's still a bit uncomfortable and openly waste more than 90 minutes of my time, that I could be doing something more entertaining and fun as pulling nails with pliers. Reviews on the Internet seems to be very positive, but at IMDb (number of comments 1 Star indicative and they can not all be wrong, right?) And it's a message board, I think that a lot more than the average figure one thinks that this is absolutely smashed almost everything and the phrase "the worst movie I've ever seen," used a few times and to be fair most of these negative comments have th same thing and I agree with them. History is terrible, well, I suspect it's meant to be minimalist, but this is the minimum? There's never any reason or explanation for what is happening and it just feels completely random. This continues through the ages, the number of the plot will be here to fight, to fill thirty minutes did let on a full-length features to the telly program. Dialogue badly with that annoying girl does not seem to have one brain cell between them taking about random things and scream a lot. Oh my squeal have seemingly endless scene of these girls screaming or weeping or whining, not only annoys and irritates and prevents any reasonable viewer feeling any sympathy for them and doing what they are trying to say, almost impossible to hear properly, then there is a real killer, the whole film is set and shot in the framework of the mini-van, seriously camera never leaves the car and as you can imagine, it gets really boring, adding that the low amount of the body of one person killed scr en & Five Across the eye is a movie that I hated with a passion. <br /> <br /> at the technical level, I again can see that style of filmmaking here has been a conscious choice, but I have to be honest again and say, Five Across the eyes looks the worst movie I have ever seen. As a supporter of the film I love my movies to look like the actual film as a visual medium i I do not want to make them look worse than the average YouTube video or my home movies captured on a video camera when I was drunk . It really looks like an amateur and that is bad, it is a complete ugliness and I hated every minute of every second of it. Think Blair Witch (1999), only ten times worse, looking and sounding, and you will be almost there. There are times during the five in his eyes, if you just can not tell what's going on, or is due to the camera-work and with an almost pitch black and granular levels of contrast. Violence is also a manual with a few splashes of blood and stabbing at the end. <br /> <br /> Low budget does not even begin to describe the Five Across the eye, with an estimated budget of about $ 4000 is easily one of the lowest budget movie ever given a wide release. Two vans in the film belonged to members of the production and it is basically pretty much the entire budget right there in place. Action is very bad in the first team, I just hated to put on a fake crying and screaming, are not convinced at all but very annoying. <br /> <br /> The eyes of fear go down in history as one of the worst films I have ever seen and I've seen a few movies every time someone is now asking this to me, that this is the worst movie I ever seen the eyes of fear, of course, get any. I hated it, every aspect of & poor time.
