I was dumbfounded. Yes, that's right. I really caught here. In no case did not I think it's terrible, but on the other hand, it was an unpleasant experience in a terrible hysterical and muddy inconsistency. The idea of ​​such finishes, the minimum low-budget indie production is not bad, but it's a complicated mess, and in the end did not do anything for me. This is amateur and just; he wants to use more reasoning and do it that because of late fashion quick shooting style. We have documentary laced with (manual), the camera moves everywhere (despite never leaving the van), and sometimes a sense of focus and blurry making some details difficult to figure out. Recently, you get a view to use it, but there are times when it becomes too distracting and even sickening. Preserving it still helps. The context has little base (which has five teenage girls on their way home from a football game late at night and get lost on the back roads. On a roadside shop, they become involved in a small accident that breaks unoccupied SUV headlight. Frightened, they fled, and not too long that a light SUV appears behind them. Soon, to make it a memorable night in terror trials) spends most of his time playing extended, noisy and ruthless games cats and mice. <br /> <br /> As for the alarm ?? I think it depends. Some points may make you squirm with attention to pain, despair and mad cruelty (with good use FX piercing sound that seem to be preferable to the imagery and not forgetting the alienated background sound effects), but I found that giggle also The passages can be repulsive and intense with a real progressive impulse, but hard to believe. Wounds random characters never seem as serious as you had to believe, in spite of the obvious that they should be. See how the blood flows freely, but it is not convincing and can get boring. Permanent night chase car can only do so much before repetitions. We get to scream, spewing, bleeding, running, cursing, body fluids, and so on. Rather unpleasant details as followed. With a few really do it need a lot more powerful scenario than an insignificant forced one that was a feather up. crawling things too much emerged from it, and there was not much in the way of depth to the characters and the situations they were. It was about set-pieces, waiting for the next painful meeting and took him long enough. It was rescued by an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lila, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi is artisans as are mad characters and make a real chemistry to compensate for the weaknesses of the script in his landmark foundation. Veronica Garcia flipped out, bug-eyed intensity as crazy driver of the SUV was something ?? yes something. Her real motivation character to terrorize the girl and her unstable state of mind is virtually non-existent. I think being psychotic was good enough. Now, probably the most worried about what I came especially that disgusting soundtrack. Terrible techno music, to cheesy hard rock and supercharged closing price. He never felt exaggerated or got in the way, but it would stick out like a sore thumb. Co-director Greg Swinson and Ryan yew is trying to get the most out of their scarce resources, but even with her sharp and spirit, he ends up being something very old. Maybe it was nice to do, but look it's just not the case.
