Watching TRUTH ABOUT LOVE (? Is this ambiguity about the star), How to connect the white noise or produced water sounds to help you sleep - you put it into the DVD slot, because there is nothing else to do on the shelves, and you are in need of distraction after a busy day. And it works, for that purpose: being a British romantic comedy, it's a little bit more, <br /> <br /> The history is quite simply one of his wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) are married to more distant husband. Sam (Jaya executioner), who put his love life on hold because of the severity of his employment law practice. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) loves Sam and Alice, but it has a long-standing desire to Alice, which goes beyond friendship. Alice's friends with my sister Felicity (Kate Miles), free love advocate, which prompts Alice to deal with. On Valentine's Day, after drinking with his sister, Alice Sam cards Page Subscribe «Anonymous», as a test to see if Sam says, checking his loyalty. At the same time Archie letter radish seeds pack Alice, on which he inscribed causeth the love there. Both are ex-post regret. Sam actually spends time with her lover Katie (Branka Katić) and Alice did cheat. Alice arranges banknotes with Sam through e-mails and phone calls and plans to meet with Sam in disguise as "Anonymous" to test his loyalty. The entire cast of characters is caught up in the silly charade and ending proves that true love must be based on truth - and how this leads to a variety of mating is a surprise (varieties) of loose script <br /> <. br /> British comedy to work because of the quality of writing and taut as the action. Perhaps the director was John Hay chosen to quit the British actress Alice instead inserts a fake accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt result can be improved. But in the end this story between Peter Bloore bounces slightly humorous and pathetic in their messages. One terrible distraction score, which constantly so loud that it covers all the dialogues and obsession. There are some nice scenes of London and a few moments of humor bearable, but in the end this little film really is best to use as background music / white noise. grady Harp
