The story goes something like this: A small town girl, Kathy (Jessica Simpson) decides to visit her boyfriend in a big city. When she arrives, she discovers that he is not as true as it should be. Kathy then ends going into the adventure that is New York. Filling in as a bike messenger and charming comedic misadventures worth. It falls into the hole in the ground and thus meets the charismatic good guy Ben (Luke Wilson). It's not love at first sight, at least for her, but fate and Ben, Sun give up so easy. Being "just" a small-town girl and a blonde couple of stupid leaders at a construction company decides that it is the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. Misunderstandings with cheerful and sad consequences follow. Nevertheless, this one blonde who would not take it lying down! <br /> <br /> The people, being condemned of the film will be quite soon disproved. Jokes confident and fitting, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Cathy and Ben feels so natural that he puts anything Godard created shame. The multi-talented Jessica Simpson again surprised a strong role only she could pull off. Simpson is indeed Marilyn Monroe of the day (there's even a scene in her honor!). It is perfectly balanced between vulnerable and whims. Kathy really show us that you can not judge a book by its cover! Luke Wilson as magical as ever. Even if it was covered in manure, that man will be as attractive as all. His light touch, puppy dog ​​eyes and laid back way makes it hard to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he was born to play, one of the two heads of devils. He really can not be underestimated. The strength of the play lies in its restraint. It's great, because most actors just run away with him and playing for cheap laughs. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, Director Scott Marshall handled reasonable and often hilarious comedy that is destined to become a classic on par with the masterpieces of cinema as an epic film and Norbu. Kudos to all involved in this, especially Jessica Simpson. Her sincere smile and selfless laughter would make even the most cruel man break into a big smile. You can be tough, but you're not so hard! Warmly recommended to all who want to be swept off their feet and watch a romantic comedy, this time, it feels honest. Thank you for this film! Oh, and the soundtrack rocks! <br /> <br /> Now, if you still do not get it. I sarcasm. 1/10
