It is common practice for a film about repression, to be more subdued in style and tone. There's a difference, however, between the use of restraint and promotion of narcolepsy among audience members. In "The Secret Lives of Dentists," starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph is playing so close to the cherry vest, as far as possible as a result to be a film that will never be reduced to a much rumination on how teeth are a metaphor for married life. <br /> <br /> Scott gives an excellent performance in the role of David Hirst, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph establishes the dynamics of their relationship quickly - it is completely absorbed in the duties of day-to-day in order to be on paternity, she quietly gave up his frantic family life - and then deepens the tension when Scott may or may not witness his wife with another man. From this point on, the film focuses on whether or not going to David to confront his wife Dana on its possible adultery or she will beat him to hit and leave forever. From time to time, David was treated to visits to the imaginary "friend" as a former patient played by Denis Leary (borrowing from Brad Pitt Tyler Durden in "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> Although there is enough uncertainty about infidelity Dana and David instability that justifies the exam, the last two-thirds of the film are strikingly empty with a theme or narrative. Instead, of Rudolph creates drama because of the strong heat that travels slowly through the Hurst family, culminating meaningless hospital visits in the film climax. The film never picks up on hints that David is really capable, if he was not so devoted to his family; nor is it to spend a lot of time looking at the dubious Dana juggling between her family life and her other, more full of ambition. <br /> <br /> If you choose to spend most of the film, worrying for the fever gone awry, of Rudolph kills the momentum of his film. By the time the fifth member of the family is sweating and frail, the film used all favor a good measure of Scott's performance. David and Dan end up without repeating your steps, over and over again, until less than cathartic finale. With nothing to build during the last hour, the conclusion seems awkward and lata-on. "The Secret Lives of Dentists" takes a common theme, and does nothing to improve this. Overall, disappointing, prosaic film.
