Yeh, I know - you are trembling with excitement. Well, dentists * The Secret Life * will not break your expectations: it is solidly made, but essentially prosaic, true, but boring. It is the story of a married couple, who happen to be dentists, and who share the same practice (already have a recipe for trouble if it was not for our individual working lives, we all have ruined our wives with obvious irritation), Campbell Scott, whose mustache and demeanor does not remember the man in the street as much as Ned Flanders from the Simpsons * *, is a gentle, super-dad husband and Hope Davis is a boring housewife, rigid channels her frustration in amateur opera in the evening, when my father and daughter to attend one of the performances D Wesa, he discovers that his wife was directing her frustration in more than just singing: he shows his wife kissing and flirting with the director of the opera. (A nice touch :. We never see the opera-director face) Fearing the prospect of legal action for separation, divorce and custody hearings - profitable only for lawyers - Scott chooses to pretend ignorance of the indiscretion of his wife <. br /> <br /> Even literate among you begin to yawn: ho-hum, another story about a pathetic, sniveling Little cuckold. But Rudolph, who picked up the story from the novel by Jane Smiley, hopes that wellworn-Nosta material will be offset by a series of flashy postmodern touches. For example, one of the warring Scott patients (Denis Leary, remain relatively - and delight - on the check) later become his native construction dentist fantasy, being as the devil's advocate-on-shoulder for the Old-New fashioned manhood ( "to dump --- h! "and so on). If not instigated, its apparent new friend, Scott otherwise tormented imagination, which include his wife engaged in a three-way with two male Dental assistants working in his practice. It will not be too far to say that this film is a squint * * for real people (and Grown-Ups, at least). Along these lines, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, of course, cognitive human beings compared to glamourpuss pair of Cruise and Kidman. In addition, the script * The Secret Life * clearly more relevant than Kubrick. As proof, I offer the image of children of dentists, especially younger, which is about 3 or 4 years old, and whose main saying "Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! DAD !!!" This family life, all right, with all its charms. <br /> <br /> The film will make an interesting double bill with * Kramer vs. Kramer *, as well. You can easily track the feminization of American men between 1979 and 2003. In this movie, Dad housewife in * Kramer *, but it is in no way confused internal role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too much a man make a toast. Here, Scott gets all the plumb care, such as wiping the child's vomiting, cooking, cleaning, taking the child to that a pointless after school activities on the label. And all without complaint. (And without the director's commentary. It's just a matter of course.) <br /> <br /> The film has advantages, mainly related to truthfulness. However, this slowdown on the greatness of his claim on the fashionable distractions, that culminate in a long scene where horrible five days gastric flu doing the rounds in the household. We have to endure the senseless fantasy sequence initiated by the leader of the imaginary Leary. The existence of which, by the way, finally resembles the character of Brad Pitt in Fight Club * *. And it finally drives home another big flaw of the film: the lack of originality. In this review, I realize that it was too easy to refer to many other films. Of course, this film is an improvement on most of them, but still. * The Secret Lives of Dentists * worth seeing, but do not get too excited. (Not that you're all excited, anyway. I think.)
