What an unfortunate mess "Shiner." I wanted to like it on top, anti-film suffering, and in fact has found a number of points with a powerful resonance. Unfortunately, these moments are few and far between. While I appreciate some of what is trying to Calson, any advantage sought to bare bones, no budget cinematography was not destroyed with some really brutal editing, the film benefited not at all. <br /> <br /> While a bad game has a lot of low budget (and a big budget) movie, Shiner has some remarkably bad performances that are almost painful to watch. In particular, the "direct" a couple Linda and young guy. These are the two most poorly written characters do not offer almost nothing to the story. Actions so terrible and neither actor seems able to resist smirking or cracking, they are sadly dropping line with a terrible lack of skill. Choppy editing almost gives the impression that these roles were absolutely free and fell to avoid movies that are stereotypically cast as the eccentric gay film. It would be better as it is. <br /> <br /> With all that is going wrong for this, there are some performances that seem to capture what Calson hoped to receive. In particular, the story centering on Bob and Timea. These are the two most richly drawn characters and offers the most awards with a truly enchanting performances Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim boxer with some serious problems. Surprisingly low self-esteem almost cartoon disguised as arrogance, that he wears like armor. Obsessed with Tim seemingly harmless but ultimately frustrating Bob sneaks up boxer in the classical manner of cat and mouse. If the tables are turned and the hunter becomes a game, as a result of this only the emotional catharsis of the movie. In the film, so artificially uncompromising (this is a compliment), one character must have that exposing penetration (or sample, depending on the circumstances appear here), and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim Zelinas and give King the opportunity to show some real chops effective. <br /> <br /> How to play Scott Stapp and Derris Neal, Tony and Danny seems to be the focus of the film, and, despite some bravura moments of their own (including one truly disturbing scene, revealing the sex / violence obsessions), but they can not seem to avoid the artificiality of cartoon and it is hard to watch - or their apparent one note symphony and find anything but the obvious <br /> <br /> ultimately the same raw materials. You can (and should) be used to tell the story in the best shape. Unfortunately, there really is not much to recommend it nonetheless performances gentlemen. King and Zelinas, really offer something special and an idea of ​​what might be, and, ultimately, is worth a look.
