Thus, it really come to this? And we, by mutual consent, the perpetrators of the next generation of movie-goers lack of understanding of cinematic celluloid and abilities? As for the Wayans & Co. latest addition to the scenario of moving pictures; Little man. This UK resident (Parental Guidance), someone at the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult, a certified movie is the epitome of what is now turned in the worst case, dumbing down, as the cigarettes were "destroyed" with photo movie icons the 1950s. <br /> <br /> basically up to twelve years in the audience who, some grown without supervision and sat there obediently, taking it all in, not paying attention to their subject and partly grown features Little Man draws at least in part, too. Movies in general, you can do better than a bad attempt, while it is nonsense get them while they are still young and fresh, the biggest fear for the future of cinema in that child's ignorance can just carry through to adult enjoyment. Cinema deserves more than that, and so do not do it is growing, and in the literal sense, too, the audience, this is a blatant cash cow eats constantly vulnerable minds of young people. <br /> <br /> There is no experience of the movie here, not open eyes surprisingly, no respect for the impressive magic of cinema. There's nothing but astonishment and disdain, due to lack of material, originality and delivery of mind and less tedious parody of all that so that now in the end is not so with the Hollywood machine, for the sake of a quick buck, we must endure our future movie viewers in like these archetypal disaster movie. <br /> <br /> Will it be similar to Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leon, Kubrick and Schaffner reeling in their graves? Money is all they liked, no doubt, but the talent and passion for excellence and quality, as well as to a wide extent, the dignity of their profession and the audience, they were never short off. We see that, once again, with the work of the Wayans clan other cliches in bad taste, while like White Chicks (2004) were no doubt crushed on the bourgeoisie American society. The irony lies in the fact that two of the leading protagonists, once played, the Wayans brothers, so secretly that all recognition does not exist, it makes for a better film as well, and this actor Terry Crews, which gives white chicks its essence and personality, and NOT Wayans. <br /> <br /> However, again, with their pastiche 1970s films, black actors as in 1988 for a movie I'm going to hit you Sucka, it can be seen as a caricature and funny film, with heavy weights, like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and beautiful actress Ja'net Du Bois. The bottom line is that little man has absolutely no person of any kind so ever, it is superficial and narcissistic, without opinion or value in relation to his followers, he quickly dives takes their money and, before we we know it has disappeared into the cogs of commercialism. There exists no generally accepted efforts where our money was spent, after Scary Movie (2000), things could only go up, but unfortunately, they did not do, no much deliberation artistic value and there is no doubt that the party of these intrepid film Mughal following films have to be right on the video, one can only hope, <br /> <br /> in the Wayans seems to have created the genre of the movie all by themselves, to a certain extent. they are beaten to death with a parody of the film, they divorced every avenue and with their inevitable style. They are slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years, the movie gave us perhaps the ghosts of movies past to be very modest, in their opinion, their growing audience, so far, seems to be, if the bubble bursts, whether they can be as understanding too.
