[Spoilers !!! contains] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumbaa watching The Lion King. Timon decides to return to the top, so that when in fact the story began. So they go back. Way back. Back before the birth of Simba. Back to the old house of Timon, which was a mile from Pride Rock. Meerkat clan buried underground to hide from the hyenas. Worse digger in the clan was a pompous, self-absorbed meerkat named Timon. His mother took pity on him, but Uncle Max shook his head. Mom offered to put Timon guard; Timon had dreams of bigger and better place out there somewhere. Only hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed came in and nearly killed the poor Uncle Max. It worked. The rest of the meerkat Timon just wanted to get away, and Timon took it upon himself to leave. He kissed his mother goodbye and left. It is not very far away, before he started to get in the house. Only then he met Rafiq, who taught him to look for what he sees. Timon had not the slightest idea what it meant, so he went and met warthog FUIB name that has been all alone because of a problem flatulence. Timon and Pumbaa join then, but Timon announced their friends and not friends. <br /> <br /> Soon they come to Pride Rock, where all the zebras, antelopes, wildebeests, rhinos, giraffes, elephants and many other simple animals gathered. What's going on? Timon did not care. They pressed on. Timon and saw Rafiq atop Pride Rock lifting into the air that he could not see. Only if all the animals bowed. Whether it was in honor of the birth of the new king? No gas is passed PUMB and animals bowed to cover their noses; Timon and Pumbaa try a range of new homes, but every one of them are disappointing due to the continuous singing or a hyena or a big panic escape wildebeest! FUIB and Timon suddenly fall heading downstream. When they reach the ground, Timon decides to give up. But then they look around their new-found paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water falls as far as the eye could see. Timon named the place after the strange phrase he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa to go bowling for vultures, one day, when they are suddenly faced with Simba. They take him under his wing and becomes a figure of his father. They teach him the art of turtle food and belching contests. Fairly quickly, the teenager takes on Simba Timon in snail contest slurping. Simba won, leaving Timon terminally ill. <br /> <br /> Then one day, a childhood friend Nala Simba arrived. Timon and Pumbaa just knew that it breaks friendship. Suddenly Simba runs away. Nala and FUIB race after him, but not Timon. He decided to stay in «Hakuna Matata» itself until Rafiki «did not say" some sense into him, so that he joins his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max to come back then. While Simba battle scar, mother and Max dig a big hole to capture the hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed. It worked. Scar quickly threw the same hole where he devours hyenas. Then all is well. Mother, Uncle Max and the other meerkats live with Timon and Pumbaa in paradise that Hakuna Matata. Back to the present, Timon and Pumbaa to finish the film, when suddenly my mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to watch it again. So Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, the Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Boys, The Mad Hatter, Hare, Gina, the Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> Well, I must say that The Lion King 1 1/2 is not as good as I had hoped. It was too ridiculous and absurd. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. It was a serious story with a touch of comedy thrown in. This one was just silly and fun of it. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa's just too overdone. They have changed to the point is not funny, just annoying. The original voice cast is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as FUIB, Matthew Broddrick, as the adult Simba Press, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings, Ed, Robert Guillaume as Rafiki. New to the cast of the TV are Kavner (Too) long running series The Simpsons, as a mom in Timon and Jerry Stiller in the role of Uncle Max. Anyway, this film is not The Lion King III of, and it's not because there is already II II. This takes place immediately after the first part and part II is a ways away. Thus, it is 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this living proponent of Lion King, because it is too ridiculous and frivilous. However, the kids will love it, so I recommend them. I hope that this will also be the last Lion King movie. Two is enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". . What we've come to expect from Disney sequel manufacturers <br /> <br /> -
