The director and his crew head to Beale isolated mansion to make a low-budget horror film about the mysterious death of seven family of Bill that took place there in the last century. Even with warnings caretaker, the director did not pay any attention to supposedly cursed. One of the crew members to find a book entitled The Tibetan Book of the Dead, and use some excerpts from it his script. But at the same time, if they raise red ghoul from the grave. <br /> <br /> dull, tangled and sticky all rolled into one, it is still a penny production north of horror. What feels like an eternity, he just never seems to get going and to demonstrate that any effective from a few worthy ideas. Although clumsy direction directed effortlessly Paul Harrison made to build a couple of terrible, capricious and atmospheric set of masks. But I was too lazy to set it too early. The entire film in a film structure occupies a large part of the film and this time almost nothing happens, is of great interest. And it's not fun. Think Bob Clark "Children should not play with dead things (1972)", and now we have old cast in the part. Nevertheless, I found the "seven bodies" to be lower. The scenario at an early stage has some cutting wit has a lot before he ends up uniformity, predictability, and there is a lot of unrealized potential. Cheap foundation with the participation of a limited number of sun help matters either, but it makes me sick, dark appearance of the mansion was a terrible air to it. Presentation of known b-cast mostly hard. John Carradine in a small portion mainly lies a. John Ireland plays hot-tempered director, washed-up actress Faith Domergue in need of attention and Charles McAuley hams it. The slow grinding space between the rough "Ten Little Indians" and your usual zombie settings. However, it is not all that to do, even with its occult and supernatural edge. Hell, they even throw in some cemetery operations, with no prevail. If rotting ghoul makes its appearance ?? Finally, but a little late. It does get a little better, if it is very embarrassing. Just as inspired opening, the end is extremely pessimistic. To bad between them, he always carries around. Continuity in many scenes come across do not exist, and the death scene more exciting and bloody (but really poorly executed) in the film they are doing, what actually happens to them when the zombies appear. Generic score flounder on their shuddery, but open Gothic cues and camera-work silkily delivered to the lack of imagination. Shoot and frames. Shoot and frames. Job done. This wrap.
