This type of film, where it really hurts to admit that it's really, really sucks. I usually devote to things like this! Early 70's Grindhouse clicks with great names sound and schlocky low-budget atmosphere usually ROCK. "The House of Seven Corpses" appeared to dispose of more trump cards, as bringing a bunch of great veterans of the genre (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and locations (the titular house, the cemetery) is obviously highly desirable for the grim tale of terror . The film begins with his absolute biggest and most memorable intrusive sequences, although enough, unfortunately, they are the only ones that qualify as such. Loans are an excellent installation, complete with fancy color effects and eerie still images that illustrate how the titular house was notorious. The last seven owners were mysteriously killed here and credits montage gleefully demonstrates his last moments. Someone falls down the balcony screaming, woman drowning in her bath and the other a woman's body hangs from the ceiling and hung four more creepy paintings. Needless to say, that the house is cursed and clumsy behavior so the caretaker Mr. Price (Carradine) only strengthens that reputation. In other words, the house forms a perfect turf for acclaimed director Eric Hartmann (John Ireland) to shoot his satanic horror movie project. film structure in the film is that it basically is the "House of seven corpses" to be as boring and uneventful. Many film material spent on a crew member to put movies reel in the camera and drag cables or ?? worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles McAuley drawing terribly unbearable actor stereotypes. The plot finally gets a bit interesting (just a little, mind you), when one of the characters reads a line from the occult books and accidentally awakens a rotten corpse in the yard. Asthmatic (judging by the sounds he produces) zombies slowly toward the house and kill the entire crew of the film, reminiscent of how the previous seven turned into corpses. After a running time of approximately 60 minutes, the film is suddenly transformed from everyday in a strange and confusing. I'm still not sure whether there is a final twist to do with the concept of reincarnation or just a coincidence, and all the other characters suddenly seem to go experiencing huge mental conversion shortly before their death, for whatever reason. I honestly feel sorry for confirming the "House of seven corpses" is pretty awful film. Location and scenery gloomy frightening, but it is not used in full force, and there is a serious lack of hideous bloodshed. Many of the low budget of 70 stones were amazingly rude, so the lack of financial resources is not an excuse and the film did not count in the murder of film. Even the always-reliable veteran stars Hammy deliver the performance and direction of Harrison's completely uninspired. Not recommended if you do not think that the zero cool four-and-a-half minutes of the game opening credits montage worth buying a copy of the effort.
