I have three comments regarding this film, which I found a lonely bolts in the bottom shelf in Blockbuster. Firstly, it is interesting to look, the filmmakers take the approach of trying to shoot essentially unfilmable work. Some of them, like Kubrick with "Lolita" was the original author to write the screenplay, which is something of an original work. Of course, this can not happen here; Krafft-Ebing long dead. Some of them used the space of the original work as the trigger point for the transition to a completely new, unrelated direction (the recent adaptation of "The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman" comes to mind here). You can dumb down - film "Slaughterhouse-Five," in my view an example of this. Or you can just take the original format and try to do it in a cinematic vignettes. This approach would be Woody Allen's "Everything You Wanted to Know About Sex," and perhaps this film. When considering this is probably the only thing that can be done with scientific work as «Psychopathia Sexualis». The potential loss that any cumulative point of the original work has been obscured or destroyed. And so it is here. <br /> <br /> The second point is a cinematic style. Some would call it a "tribute" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, and so on, but I think it's more oil than that. It's too hard and shamefully, to be effective for a long time. It is, after all, just annoying. <br /> <br /> point three, perhaps less intelligent observation. As the people responsible for it is possible to make a film about wild sexual deviations and perversions that are so incredibly sad? I have found that the film can not be addressed and those who do not automatically apply to images of sexual deviancy find it as well. I do not ha in to be completely merciless and say that the film does not make sense, but I have to say that whatever point the filmmakers were rather obscured the nature of the raw material, an open copy of cinematographic styles and stubborn refusal to draw on an emotional level audience (perhaps with -this fear of being accused of tickling). <br /> <br /> film dubious exercise from the beginning and does not really work for me, I'm sorry to say.
