Dreamgirls, despite his handful of Tony wins in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, it has never been what might be called the jewel in the crown of musicals. However, this does not mean that cinematographic can not be specified in the right hands and polished into something worthwhile on the screen. Unfortunately, that transmits to the screen in the main slave correct version hit the scene with all its weaknesses intact. Firstly, the assessment has never been one of the strengths of this production, and the film does not change this factor. There are a lot of songs (perhaps too much?), But only few of them are particularly memorable. Any closer to come to the catchy tunes are the name of the song and One Night Only - known far and I'm telling you, I'm not going great song less than a dramatic piece of kit for the character Efh (Jennifer Hudson), The film is smooth and well technically in production, but the story and characters are amazingly thin and lacks any resonance. There is some interest in the opening moments, watching Svengali, Jamie Foxx manager manipulate its effect to the top, but it takes a back seat in the last part of the film when the story conveniently trying to cast him as the villain, despite his having been straight from a business stand point for a good majority of the film. Beyonce is beautiful and sings his songs perfectly, but stuck with the character, which is basically all the surface gloss. Anika Noni Rose, the third member of the trio of Dreamgirls literally has nothing to do for the film. Eddie Murphy will justify itself as a singer, obviously, based on James Brown, but the role is not particularly fleshy and ultimately had little effect. Foxx, seemingly perfect casting, but he seems surprisingly withdrawn and bored. Film biggest selling point, of course, the former American Idol participant / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson in the central role of Effie White, the temperamental singer who gets loaded from the group and make a triumphant return closing act. For me, Effie was always a big problem both in shows and movies. The film obviously wants to make you feel sorry for her, and a ham without assistance takes her side, but I was never sure that this character is worthy of such devotion. From the very beginning, Effie behave mostly like a nasty, selfish, self-centered diva, who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her, and not having a lot of vested interest in the group, of which it is. If it is loaded from the group for its unprofessionalism and bad attitude, charge more than justified, but the stage show / movie seems to think Effie should be trimmed unlimited slack just because she has a beautiful voice. Despite the fact that the film is trying to soften some of the harsher edges Efh to make it prettier, the charge still stands. Her story becomes more manipulative, suggesting it should be our continued sympathy, because she is a single mother trying to raise her daughter - using the value that (as well as the skills card) mothers immediately makes any behavior forgivable. Indeed, only a great effort the film makes to show the mother Effie to tell us about it, and then turn on the stage, where she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office, she insists that she is not a "no father" and then refuse to seek paid employment, to support them, as singing all that she knows. In the hands of a skilled actress, gaps could possibly have been eliminated with the technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not something that the actress. she sings well, but the dialogue-driven moments It does not come naturally to her, and not high ematsy th points. Effie signature moment (the aforementioned I tell you ... room) are well sung Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. the Effie should express their anger and frustration in her plight, but Hudson comes off as a cabaret singer belting out hot rooms . in general, not very emotional highlight one waiting. The last part of the film is mainly predictable melange of events maneuver Fox in early position Hudson and let her strut back and rule over all. crimes Fox in the film, of course, par for the course of many struggling manufacturers records, but the apparent meaning of the movie that he is, because he helped start the disco era quite funny, not to mention the pretentious and condescending, in particular, on the basis a movie with all the depth of a puddle. The final result is the best performance impact stage, drained emotions energy or something that can be regarded as dynamic.
