Before I begin, I want to briefly say that the film itself is very well done and well acted by all participants, including Whittaker, who really deserves his appointment. This is very interesting, and. ,, Taken in its proper context as a work of fiction, it is a very good movie. For this, I give it two stars. <br /> <br /> However, instead of wasting your time so that you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want instead to point out the absolute fictional character of this film and how it is dangerous to sell people the work of fiction as if it were true. I stress that this film anywhere in the credits allows us to know that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, the invention is a complete fiction. Rather, it is the sign of a real historical situation, and allows the unsophisticated spectator to assume that he was in fact a real, but what they see, it's true. I have no problem with mixing fact and fiction. - but do it in a matter of unfair, in a word, evil <br /> <br /> There can be no doubt that Africa, along with the majority of third world countries are filled with human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long tried to capture the suffering of people in these countries on film. But Hollywood also has his eyes in the direction of making money. The only sure way to capture the suffering that seems to happen everywhere but the West either have to experience it for yourself, or at least, he took an honest documentary. <br /> <br /> But these images are fictional characters in real historical settings, you can only do so much. In the end, they become less about presenting the facts for the audience to decide for themselves, and more about the leads you from image to image and hit on the head shouting, "SEE, we told you it was bad!" Seed example of this can be find those who are willing to watch this movie on DVD after sitting through the movie. Perhaps the most shocking image of the film is the body of Kay Amin's view, the second wife of the IDI, which he killed when he discovered her infidelity. In the film, we see that her limbs were severed and reattached in reverse (the hands for the legs, and vice versa). It is directed by making sure that you understand that Amin as Gungans say Bom bad! But watching a documentary, we learn that it is actually no more than a myth, which sits Minister of Health at the time he tells us, is not it. <br /> <br /> Yes. ,, What. ,, They just do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low assessment of our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us to come to a proper conclusion himself. Look at what she was murdered and dismembered in itself sufficient to conclude that Amin was not a nice guy, he reflected in the media - we do not need the Texas Chainsaw Massacre inspired imagery to enhance it! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. Which is not explained to the casual viewer that the main character of Garrigan himself invented. There was not a young Scottish doctor under the wing of Amin. Thus, Garrigan is clearly present for the sake of helping us stupid Westerners to understand the African world. Manufacturers seem to be things that we are not interested in a film about Africa, if not a white face in it. (Oddly enough, even the title character portrayed American black actor!) The problem with this is that the film is more than an autopsy Amin and his regime there, but instead of operational thriller about a white Westerner coming to Africa for all the wrong reasons, making some terrible mistakes, and then "redeem" itself, even at the expense of the other three innocent people. Frankly, I must say that it is almost perverse to suggest that the real tragic death of Mrs Amina was the result of a meeting with the fictional Scottish doctor - it almost seems to be getting morbid joke for fun! I really wish Hollywood would stop jerking us around for our money. I first became aware of his inclination to do it with frustratingly manipulative mind, sugary-sweet adaptation of the life of Ron Howard and Goldsman John Nash, who removed the dark side of man to present only exhausted hero that America simply can "t get enough of. The sad truth is that Hollywood sells us these fakes for years, and the audience, which is predictable and clear too lazy or inattentive to explore for themselves to buy these fake portraits hook, line and sinker. <br /> <br /> Look, I'm certainly not suggesting Amin turns into the villain, he was not. The bottom line is, the truth be so shocking enough to convince us of human cruelty, why should Hollywood then go to such lengths fictional? Why Hollywood should continue to insult us, holding hands through these movies? Why do not they trust us to think for yourself? Can not we just put a sincere images on the screen, and let the audience decide for themselves? I urge all those who continue to watch Hollywood supposedly "real" movies, to make yourself a favor ALWAYS research for yourself, and never thinks that what is on the screen, even close to the truth!
