Forest Whitaker performance is all the more impressive for the fact that almost worth sitting through this dreck. "Historical Fiction" does not justify the change history. Absurd starts from zero with imaginary main character played by James McAvoy. In order to create a fictional observer in order to provide the reader a connection point in the book it is regrettable, regrettable that white people can not just read a book without the white hero to join, but, at least, he was placed in a somewhat passive role. Creating a fake historical actor and credited with exposing this fiction Amin in the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Without making the action of the creation of plausible or reasonable simply criminal, and opened the doors to films like the one they plan to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as a heroic Enron informants who never existed. world logic does not apply in this film, where some Scottish child believes that it is well to sleep with his wife bloody dictator. It does not apply, if the wife of the dictator wants to sleep with some stupid irresponsible skinny white boy. To do this, it is important, everyone lined up to sleep with this skinny, irresponsible, arrogant white boy, he even has a good-looking Gillian Anderson licking chops. <br /> <br /> Let me say, I do not like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is about it, but I thought his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was terrible and pervert. I think Kerry Washington will never look at it twice, so I can not believe that the wife of a powerful dangerous man, Amin would risk and lose their lives for him. I do not believe him, as a doctor, and I just do not see the appeal. His character seems to be a lot more pride than would make sense, and trying to make him look like a bully in the shooting cows just ... there's that word again ... absurd. Think about it, you see all these characters to bend themselves into knots to adapt this incredible main character and has never been the kind of guy. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks incredible and sounds more British than most Britons Whitaker gives more expansive magnetic performance, and stressed his obscure speeches in front of Oscar, how he acted. It's a shame the film around him did not have any reason to exist.
