"Women? They all scrubbers ... »<br /> <br /> There is no good translation!; not at all! This falls short of the previous year, "Army Dad" is completely absent special, small screen magic seed television sitcom of the original, and not being able to play is interesting to all large-screen ... you could just about say that this film is a good reduction is It includes Britain, or rather even than this, and the British film industry * * reduction included. And this is hardly a recommendation, is not it? In order to be an example of the folly of sad ... <br /> <br /> All that remains after the fineness of the original TV surgical discarded Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson: infinite, dilapidated music signals, yawning from the topic. .. Ron grain reinforced by sentimentality (that bad, thick corners finishing ... how much do safely Steptoe second film seems in comparison) increase in run-down - with the director and writers, it would seem, completely separating themselves - are fully applicable to something like "shameful ugliness" ( your humble servant on this site) since 1973, "Mutation". There is surprisingly failed, cut tons of drift scene where Harold beaten rugby club that I kind of hate and bounce it (so far as one hinted on the mood of the show ...), but it at least appears to be original bias and symbolic tensions rising just to the boil in the UK in 1972 ... There is, however, implies a prostitute, to a "heart of gold", which makes a free woman -traitor «Pont poor Auld» Arold - and beyond outside, a caricature of the writing element "class"; not to mention, surprisingly underestimated the performance of the usually formidable lead. Brambell and Corbett conspire with the script, and does not actually cure it essential ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock did all this ...? I just recognize that only a few minutes of work - mainly those where the G & S to play things a little more carefully and B & C tender touch of nerves - and this is not generally the case unwatchable. <br /> <br /> However, and as it pains me to say this: it's tedious, boring as arbitrarily divorced from reality, and that made the series great, and fully in tune with the lazy, tasteless, misogynistic "to fuck him that will do ... "the relevance of many of the things that were allowed to go for mass film production in the UK at that time.
