Well, let me once again to admit that I have not seen any other Merchant Ivory (distributor) movies. I also saw a famous work of the director, so my ability to discuss before the rain outside the analysis of the film itself is mitigated. With this tolerance, let me begin. <br /> <br /> Before the Rains is a different kind of film that does not know what genre it wants to be. Firstly, he pretends to be romantic. In most songs, the protagonist character falls in the support, the support is separated from the character, and (sometimes), combined with his or her partner. The hero of the film has already won the heart of his beloved, but he can not be with her. His name is Henry Moore and her name Sajani, and they are in the southern part of India in the last days of Raj (British imperial rule). Henry was away from London for a long time, and he fell in love with a married Indian maid, despite his legal marriage and child abroad. What could be better than that? They often get away for an intimate afternoon, while some children do not notice them. The word applies to Sajani spouse who questioned her attitude Moore. She denies any contact with him, but Moores asks her to leave the area. Sajani refuses because of his devotion to him and commits suicide. Please note that these events are taking place in the opening third of the film. The film changes tone and becomes a crime drama in its final part. <br /> <br /> Sajani Body in identifying the right, as a family Moores' visits. The alleged offender is a British-educated assistant Moores in TK TK He knows his master's affairs, but is silent, until his life will not be threatened. Once it is declared innocent, he tries to regain his honor by killing Moores. TK too squeamish and leaves it in the dirt road, the rains fall. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you that this is not a novel film. DVD covers and theatrical posters show Indian woman and Caucasian man embracing in idealized conditions of the tropics. This image is captured directly from the opening of the film, but it quickly disappears. Then it was over. It seems that trying to make a Western fixation on the forbidden love. It is not effective at all. Moreover, the film is not romantic, and his characters do not have any personality. They beams reaching a cliché. Moores is arrogant white man who does not recognize his Indian friend, mind TK in. TK torn between their own heritage and educational background. Sajani woman is not able to have a choice in their personal lives. Yes, and, of course, Moores' inquisitive family Sajani death, but still a bit racist to the Indians. If the tone was not so serious, I would like to ignore these problems, but it is not. The film is presented didactic overtones, which emphasizes its bad character development. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not scary. Besides the ridiculous script, he was not poor. The actors are all experienced and work well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of a great Indian drama water. Even the director Sivan has an impressive resume. Recently, he oversaw a terrorist, which is part of "Great Movies" collection Roger Ebert. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan remembered how he was inspired to direct the film from a short circuit, it is considered in Israel called the red roofs. It seems that this story was "out of time" and Sivan wanted to create a similar experience, established in 1930th India. I have no problems with this approach, but I think Sivan, was probably too motivated at this time. Actors, cinematography and set design are acceptable, but if you do not share Sivan aura, you probably will not like. My recommendation is that you think you are not in conformity with it and see something else. The final consensus: * and ½ of *****
