I can understand, after watching it again for the first time in many years, as it is considered one of the worst Laurel and Hardy. For me, it's not near as bad as the "Air Raid Wardens" and "bullfighters", but there are some huge gaps in it. The film was made to show the Laurel and Hardy, as the owners and teachers dance studio. Hardy's funny how the leadership galloping dance «London Bridge», surrounded by 20-starlets Century Fox, while in the next room, Laurel teach beginner ballet while wearing ballerina outfit. Clumsy carpenter throws glue on the field, which leads to predictable gag where Hardy ends up lost. Then, go racketeers, now sells insurance that covers their protection racket. One of them is a very young and handsome Robert Mitchum. But they are unlikely to lift up the boy in buying insurance, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of gangsters and the last time we see a dance studio. The rest of the film is devoted to the Laurel and Hardy the support of wealthy patrons Works Marshall and her boyfriend inventor Robert Bailey. First, they are trying to help them to hide their relationship from her disapproving parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and hopes boyfriend Allan Lane, which we can say NO once-good pig. This leads to the hidden bar Briggs discloses tea-total Dumont, and gag, which carpet literally pulled from the rich patriarch, which delivers it to the bed below the pond. If Bailey used the boy to help him reflect a ray gun, pandemonium worth. Dead Pan butler announces the case and Dumont, that their house is on fire. <br /> <br /> Later Hardy wants to use insurance to get the money to pay their rent dance studio and hopes to get Laurel to break a leg to do it. There's no reference to the fact that insurance salesmen were gangsters, and that the policy is likely to be invalid. (Even if they were to become a legitimate insurance agent, after being arrested, their licenses would be canceled). Laurel ends up landing the bus, which was abandoned by the driver for allegedly rabid dog (just icing covered cake devouring Toto look-alike, or perhaps actual pooch), causing Oliver to end up on a huge beach, cone roller coaster that once the bus was on the , perfectly fitting the wheels on the rails. Roller coaster fun can be interesting, as evidenced by the "Abbott and Costello in Hollywood", and this one is fun, but disappointing. <br /> <br /> As the story wraps up all these jokes do not seem to have a point, giving the impression that it was just a series of simultaneous winding machine to put together to make a full-length feature, we hope, some double counting. L & H, as I've mentioned in other reviews of their later films, has lost much of its luster after leaving the employ Hela Roach, but surprisingly here, they do not come off as old and tired looking, as they have been in the films made in the same year. If the plugs are not as funny as it was the case with some of his other films, it will certainly be ranked as "2" in contrast to "3".
