For those fans of Laurel and Hardy, in 1940 and beyond was a very sad time for the team. Their contract with Hal Roach Studios has expired, and now they were "free agents" - are able to work on any studio, which offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox |, RKO, MGM (without Roach), and even the French film company who hired the boys had absolutely no contact with him comedic talents. In addition, Stan and Ollie were much older and seeing these geriatric people making errors seemed boring, not particularly funny. State looked very ragged and Olli weight ballooned to the point where he could hardly walk - and so it made me feel uncomfortable laugh at their very, very degree tricks <br /> <br /> In the annex to their age ,. this particular film suffers because Fox Studios strange cast them in a supporting role and created a parallel story involving a young couple - that reduced the time on the screen and turned them into tasteless "hangers on", instead of just being themselves. Cute and cuddly Stan and Ollie are very alien old Laurel and Hardy '20s and' 30s. - and just it seemed awfully strange and fits them bad <br /> <br /> Currently, even taking into account their age, it may have been a decent film, when he was given a decent writing and, when she appeared Studio Care - and it is quite obvious that they used "unit" here - with, at best, second class support. In particular, very few laughs, and the last 10 minutes of the film is just awful - relying solely on sloppy rear projected screen for a stupid chase scene - which could only rank as one of the worst of its kind in the history of film. <br /> <br /> For the mind-numbed zombies lovers Laurel and Hardy, it's probably the film they will love. But for fans of the team who are willing to honestly evaluate this film about their amazing early films, it is simply the desire comes precisely. In fact, all of them feature films until 1940, I can not think of one thing I liked less master of dance. Unfortunately, the post-1940 films, it might just be one of their best. Unfortunately, it has become much worse - a miserable films, like a lot of noise and nothing but trouble. I just want the boys only once reached the SAPS retired sea. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all the generally positive reviews for this film on IMDb may reflect reviewers love the team more than it is a sign that this is a good movie? For viewers who are not yet in love with the team, I do not know how the film will do anything but bore the audience - this is, of course, does not convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comic geniuses. But even comic geniuses need a material worthy of their talents.
