This film uses all the clichés art-house (slow tempo, long static shots, a minimal amount of dialogue), to try to hide the fact that in reality there is nothing worth watching here: There's no plot to speak, the characters feel sick (female lead) or clichés (character Tersteeghe in), and they never talk to each other about anything that concerns their life rather quietly. The film centers around a woman who learns about her husband of adultery. Rather than confront him, she was hesitant to take revenge by committing adultery himself. After the fight and reconciliation with his sister - who was aware of the adultery, not to mention her - she asks her husband to stop deceiving her. They seem to be re-united in the family. Two other storylines - the planned movement of the elderly father of a woman with a young wife in Guernsey and rivalry with her sister women - do not offer interesting development. Suicide colleagues woman who appears to be sent to the event in the film is not a subject in itself. In 2005 - or any year for that matter. - it is not enough to make an interesting movie <br /> <br /> In addition, there is little opportunity for a dramatic development in the script is not used or deliberately avoided, and if the woman and her sister to note some of the furniture out of their parents' home to be sold because it is planned relocation. The two sisters want to this particular piece and considering their rivalry in the past - for much more important things than furniture: men - this could theoretically lead to a confrontation. Or, this issue can be resolved by one sister, giving way to another. In any case, it would not be very interesting or original development of the story, but at least it will be some development. The film clearly defines the situation up (with the two sisters, looking at each other during the marking and one sister mentioning it does not want to draw straws), but he is deceiving us with any resolution: the scene finishes, and how it is - in itself is quite chore and materialistic - the problem is solved, wholly indicated. <br /> <br /> Although practically no dialogue, which in the film painfully flat and cool. For example, if during a visit to Guernsey, 2 sisters against their competition is in three lines of dialogue, having children "yes, it is - no, it's not a" ring to it. The fight scene and a reconciliation of the two sister completely without dialogue - give a very artificial, overly stylized and unreal experiences and dramatically reducing its impact. That, as a woman, finally - finally! - refers to the wife of her adultery on a single line of dialogue must be seen to be believed - and at the same time, it is incredible. The husband does not seem to have any appreciable reaction, or if it has any, is not shown. The woman did not mention her own husband's infidelity. The scene depicts a woman, her husband and their young son sleeping on airplane, looking at his sister, perhaps meant as a happy ending, but the way the characters question their lives were considered that it was before, makes this unlikely. <, Br /> <br /> because of its slow pace, uninteresting story, lead the direction and absurd lack of dialogue, I found this film is an example of everything that can be wrong with the art-house cinema and a waste of time.
