Slither horror comedy that really is not enough horror or comedy, to qualify as one or the other. It has one scene that is exceptionally good, any number of Zingers, who are working, but very little real horror and humor is not enough to save the film. In addition, the script does not focus on heroes and heroines, and leaves a mess in a few places. <br /> <br /> The main disadvantage of this film is that it introduces, and then leaves his hero (Fillion) adhere Grant Grant (Michael Rooker), it first, and then becomes a monster. All this part of the film drags - character Rucker is not what we are interested in how people, and watching as it goes through a series of movements, acting in the interests of the monster may be wondering if it was Grant - Portrait of a man turning into monster, not a horror-comedy movie alien invasion. Ultimately, the problem with this film in the script - it's not what's important for the audience, as a monster attacks, or spread. The purpose of the horror comedy to get a character supported in the corner with a shotgun, and then throw an error in them, with their wise cracking every time something horrible or disgusting is happening. Instead, we get the study habits and tactics alien who only makes this part of the resistance of the film. Obvious heroine (Elizabeth Banks is getting older Grant) is a central part of this, but nevertheless, I felt that the film has left its mark narrative, if not planned in the next Grant Grant all the way to the end. <br /> <br /> If Fillion and his team finally confront this alien movie really starts to cook, but once again a problem in the script. Up to this point, that the public knows - and the characters have to know - that Grant is not only suffering from any disease, and act accordingly (Shotgun) - instead they constantly negotiate in the face of increasing evidence that it is not something that "let's you to the hospital" is going to help Although their reaction may be human and real, the characters are in an action movie, and just had to do what the film promises -. taken no action scenes in the film with the fewest ideas, as it is with '. It is a big drawback. <br /> <br /> *** Spoilers *** ahead after the first confrontation and the bursting of a foreign larval bag (a minor character, and perhaps the best scene in the film) script once again betrays the movie. At this point, one of the characters almost alien passed and develops the idea of ​​someone else's. Writer-director (Gunn) chooses how this character is a completely new character, and not one of the already developed minor characters. Why? Why did he have to introduce an entirely new character more than an hour into the film, which becomes the central storyline? By the time this character is attacked, we know almost nothing about it, and could care less about it, even if it is a charming girl in her bath. If Gunn decided not to use this symbol is used only one set of supporting characters, he could completely avoid the introduction of her family, and save time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine would be filled on a foreigner plans without any additional symbols, and could have found time to blow the foreigner before, and with greater force. <br /> <br /> My last criticism is based on the film's look. Anna is primarily a writer, or perhaps it is the budgetary constraints, but this film looks ugly and uninteresting. Much of the action takes place at night in the woods or on the field, and the screen just looks gray. Sets in Wheelsy (the fictional town where the action takes place) look cheap. The entire film looks cheap. Box Office Mojo approves the budget films, was $ 15 million, the newspaper said $ 29 million, and the fact that they did not use the name of a talent, I would say that money does not appear on the screen. Monster just disgusting, and rarely looks deadly. <br /> <br /> The latest criticism is primarily based on the reality of the characters' actions. By that time, Fillion & Co. began hunting Grant / stranger, a woman disappeared, and Grant, known to have been mutilating animals. At this point I expected the FBI, or at least the state police to show up and take over with a dull Sheriff. The woman disappeared, and probably was killed and a local was acting psychosis. When you call the authorities. But mostly I was hoping that this will happen, because I'd just like some of the characters that show and ACT. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that this film is supposedly a horror-comedy, it bears most resemblance Dreamcatcher is in terrible condition and the type of monster invasion and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher were significantly greater problems related to the history (especially all Morgan Freeman story), and in particular the ending, in many ways it was stronger in the first place because the main characters were stronger, but more importantly, because it looked beautiful. While that may be anathema - preferring a film that is weaker than in the general plot and the structural backbone of the production value - it just shows how I found uninteresting kind Slither.
