This movie is confusing me. Maybe I'm just a stupid American, but I really just do not get 400 Blows. Everything I read about this film was all the rave, but I just could not stay interested. I am sure that he was a revolutionary in the film industry, as they say, all the critics, but when it boils right down to it, it's just really sad. Maybe it's the language barrier, I just can not "sensitive" or "artsy" enough, but in any case, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad; it's about a young French boy who unjustly his parents and teachers, and in the end it ends up in a juvenile facility. This in itself should be interesting, and it was in the first place. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but then again it's hard to say, because half of the conversation was not subtitled, and for no apparent reason, so I do not always know what's happening. But for dialogue that we could understand what made good sense. The actors were believable enough, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in such situations. Thus, you feel for the main character, but only in the sense that when he gets into trouble, you think, well it sucks. The plot is not your typical story. Every time he gets into trouble he gets into more trouble than the last time, but the reasons do not change too much. And throughout the film you realize that there is nothing the protagonist can actually do. So it's more like just waiting to see how it ends. Ending, by the way, it was completely over my head. It's too pretentious for me, and I just do not understand. Leading to the end of it was easy enough to follow. The structure was definitely there, and it made sense, as well, but it was actually drawn. For a number of dialogue and meaningful moments, the film could be an hour shorter. It just will not end. Some of them were too long shots, none of which were particularly memorable; for example, the end of the clip was the main character runs along the country road, which lasted a good thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure that if some sort of deeper meaning in it somewhere, but for the average viewer, I would like to got up to get more food during this time. Or at least to do something a little more useful than sit and watch this boy works, how to do their laundry, or take a nap. <br /> <br /> The verdict <br /> <br /> The feeling throughout the film, it probably would have been very touching and it's amazing, and it would teach me some great life lesson, if I I could only get what the director is trying to say it ?? unique solutions. As it was, I just felt cheated out of a good two hours of my life.
