This film Aki "four strokes" is mistranslation.Faire at 400 revolutions "means" to live the wild life. As the French, I will not be shocked when I see the popularity of good, but not outstanding film. 1.It is not the first film «Nouvelle Vague» stroke check ", Claude Chabrol in" Le Beau Serge "(1958), La Pointe Courte" Agnes Varda (1956), "Hiroshima mon amour" Alain Resnais (in 1958) with ' are front .Historically, «l 400 revolutions" come after. 2. «Nouvelle Vague» sometimes cumbersome and difficult to their predecessors: Night, Duvivier, Henri-Georges Clouzot, Otan-Lara, Yves Allegro, and many others were sentenced to oblivion.THis selfishness and contempt, as a rule, «Nouvelle Vague» .You 've never heard (or read) a great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier already Feyder) laugh, say, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder.So, thanks to Truffaut and with some people never find out some valuable stones French fifties and forties (Duvuvier in "co-eh Ciel De Paris», «Douce», «Ipa B Jolie petite Plage» Yves Allegro and "arena» Autant-L ara). THe Novelle vague study group went so far as saying that William Wyler, George Stevens and Fred Zinemann does not cost anything! 3. «Les 400 coups" technically rather disappointing, it is very academic history as linear as it may be, teacher cartoons, and the mother of Claire Maurier delivers such memorable lines as (you must have the French around 1960, in order to understand, how funny it): Well, my father was only the brevet (diploma of primary school) and as for me, I only have my high school diploma, you should be aware that where enrollment! In 1960, almost 10% of pupils had HSD in France! Antoine Doinel was proud of his mother after all! She wants him to have diplomas that can blame her? 4.Compared innovation "Hiroshima mon amour", which shows a completely new form and a new "fragmented" content "Les 400 coups" pales in significance.Truffaut learn a new form only with highly superior "Jules and Jim" helped incomparable Jeanne Moreau . 5.The interpretation is pretty tough, Jean-Pierre Léaud, perhaps listen when translated into English, is still decent, but it quickly degenerates into the most affected by his generation. 6.The topic = stolen childhood was the best days, before (in Duvivier 'POIL de CAROTTE », Luis Buñuel in" Los Olvidados ») and will be after (Maurice Pialat in« l'Enfance NUE », Kenneth Loach in "Kes") I do not want to belittle Truffaut, his film is not bad, but to be honest, the French movie buffs prefer "Jules and Jim» «L'Enfant Sauvage» (film honest, loyal and commercial uncompromizing fault) "l 'Argent de Poche "(as an academic, as" 400 coups ", but much more fun), or a good Hitchcock pastiche" vivement Dimanche ". <br /> <br />
