It is an axiom of Frank Zappa, that "music journalism is people who can not write interviewing people who can not talk for people who can not read." If you ever needed proof that musicians can not say that . this is the movie for you Repeated attempts at profundity stumble over themselves to end up in a monosyllabic comments delivered in awe of votes:. "Wow" (. Thanks, Idris Muhammad) this film is pretentious, but while a large part of the broadcast with Youssou N'Dour and his band fun gay men (and one token woman) gratings, music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The basic idea of ​​the film (I think the basic idea, which he took from an obscure comment) interesting. In order to gather a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through the different styles of music, who grew up in and out of bondage, to return to their roots in the music of West Africa, as well as a concert in the old managed fort hill from the Senegalese coast. We were treated to gospel, blues, jazz and variations of these , including some fantastic games on the drums and in New Orleans and the Seine gol. There are also many N'dour own compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. He never quite clear what he wants to achieve N'Dour. To some extent, the film seems to be an exercise in self-promotion on the part of N'dour in. He wants to play his own music, Jazzed to some extent and is carried out in the company of a bunch of musicians, he is interested. He was obviously surprised that in the beginning of the film are the blessings of the curators of the museum. Woe <br /> <br /> The collision between the different agendas comes through in several other places. For example, someone obviously felt that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without the participation of a gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his friends are Muslims (as expressed repeatedly throughout the film). All early sequence involving black Christians uncomfortable, and then they disappear from the history to the close harmony group (only black Christians who can keep the tone?) Turn in Dakar at the end of the film. (To be fair, they turn up victorious and perform the best piece in the film.) If the history of black music have to nod in the direction of the gospel, why not in the direction of Latin America? Where black musical influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then Europe. Black Diaspora seems not made any caliber musicians as N'Dour draft picks in Austria guitarist and trumpet player from Luxembourg. Are they a team just because N'Dour played with him before? What I personally found most irritating, however, was a long sequence that tries to recreate the kind of 60-beatnik / Black Power / Nation of Islam cultural event in New York, home of Amir Baraka (aka Leroi Jones). Hearing people talk about the importance of "knowing the history," and then in the next breath to perpetuate ignorance. Why do so many African-Americans believe that the adoption of the Arabic name is a statement of their African roots? And why do they think that the Arab Islam much more enthusiasm than European Christianity? Who do they think that the established trade in African slaves in the first place? The film is not much to say about the situation in West Africa today outside the vulgarity that "current conditions" are the result of the most vibrant and far future steeped in 300 years. Senegalese seem to be poor, but happy, musically gifted people are friendly and welcoming, respect for elders (and not more than elect the visiting Americans in the fish market). Whether it is ethnic stereotypes or just my imagination? There are no comments at the armed guards that N'Dour and crew seem to need in the opening sequence, as they walk through the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong point in the film, that the slaves who were taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity between the folk style New Orleans drummers and folk drumming style Senegal cited as evidence. The last thing the slaves heard before they were sent off was the tramp of their homeland, bidding them farewell. Except, of course, that by and large, the slaves shipped from Dakar not from Dakar. They were captured or sold with the interior of the Senegalese coastal merchant and sold of which European country is currently holding the slave fort Mountain. Dakar residents are not descendants of Africans who had escaped the slave trade, they are just as likely to ?? more likely ?? be descendants of people who sold their black brothers into slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The collision of these two agenda again in the final part of the film. There are two separate endings. On the one hand, a concert that N'Dour & Co. rehearsing and training along the way and that they deliver in the courtyard at Harry slave fort. The other end comes when Harmony Harmoneers sing the spiritual "return to glory", in the seaward door managed fort. It is very touching, even if it is hard to believe that the performance is quite spontaneous as it seems. <br /> <br /> This is a film that is incorrect. Vague stories he is trying to say and pulled in different directions. Annoying, confusing, beautiful and emotional turns. Careful (listen) to music and feelings, but do not expect enlightenment and intellectual rigor.
