I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I ran to get a "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" to see Cushing's at it again ... even if it was not Chistopher Lee at this time. To my great regret, this the film not only does not know, but it's not Frankenstein's monster as a whole! whether it was a case of "If we can not get there, we will not have a monster at all?" Why do they do it? The beast is half the fun of it all !! this The film is dedicated exclusively to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his quest to complete the experience, he achav transplanting brain before you get in the nuthouse. I found the script very weak, with the need to suspend disbelief forced upon the audience a little bit too much. I'm willing to suspend a fair amount, but this film was pretty funny that took me out of the movie, and not dropping me in it. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing, however, absolutely brilliant playing pure evil in this film. For being one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweet people, he sure can play menacing and evil very well . The supporting cast is competent but has little in common, even a young doctor and his bride blackmailed to help Frankenstein. The leader of a clumsy police entered the battered along with its sidekick to produce some comic, they are completely excluded from the film! Why? We are led to believe that the chief of police is a major nemesis Baron, we are led to believe that this is a young doctor, and then he ends up being the victim of a brain transplant Frankenstein experiment. There was no stress, we have not been invested in "being", and the end was left so ambiguous to leave one unsatisfied, because it is so clear that they create another sequel. <br /> <br /> In addition, there is virtually no elements of "horror". Yes, there is a beheading in the beginning (of the camera), and we were treated to the sounds of Cushing cutting the tops of the two male skull output (again, from the camera), and is the most disturbing and thoroughly unnecessary scenes of rape (90% of which, again, from the camera). I understand that there is love, "allowing viewers to imagine this, because their imagination is much worse than what we show," but come on, if you're not going to give us the monster, then at least, let's see a few " horrific "elements that you really want to include. Showing us the skeleton in the lab lit green light just is not scary. <br /> <br /> In addition to a weak script, I thought that the direction was basically flat. There were a few good shots, but otherwise no excitement, the atmosphere, or the unknown was not generated. The same director made a "Curse" in 1958, and I thought it was brilliantly directed ... I think he was just annoying this film as I am. <br /> <br /> The film gets 4 out of 10 from me strictly for high-performance nuances Peter Cushing ... besides, I found little in this film worth recommending. Instead, I suggest watching "The Curse of Frankenstein" and see a really great Hammer horror film.
