Even by the standards of the film in 1942, making installation that HER Cardboard Lover gifts dated to the extreme. Intrigues half of couples (husband / wife, ex-wife / ex-wife) to get another back on the threat of marriage, on the other, the divorce, or the possible separation by jealousy, abuse, or other schemes have been made much better in the classics, such as HIS GIRL Friday and The Philadelphia story. Both of these films especially for women with a strong, indomitable presence of screen and who play an independent, proto-feminist characters. In both films, the two women were alienated / separated from their (witty) first husband to marry and establish a colorless people who were their exact opposite, and both will be tricked into rejecting their soon-to-be husbands and again igniting their ardor. apart <br /> <br /> subject in HER LOVER switches cardboard floor: here is Norma Shearer as Cary Grant, this time to fight off ex-boyfriend (George Sanders) by means of hiring Robert Taylor reflect her gigolo . The problem is that Shearer was too old to play a role more suitable for an actress in her mid to late twenties; Sanders is about as involved as a piece of furniture for the - any person who would have been in love with his fiancée when he saw a strange man came out of his bath, as is the case here, would knock the lights out of him and cause a huge scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays the role as if he was trying to send a Cary Grant half the time, and not in speech intonations, but in general are. <br /> <br /> But the worst part of this is very Shearer. For the actress, which is used for the parts, which gave her a sense of intellectual tight and dramatic presence, playing Consuelo Craydon, seems to put it in a vise full of action, in emoting, and in gestures, which, while still a part of her style of acting and more suitable a decade ago, making her look like a highly educated performers painful joke out of the situation, as water with a rather dry sponge. This only fuels the fires that say the theory that gives Irving Thalberg, the creator of his career and of the Chooser (most of it) roles; why she took on such roles as Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver in the mega-hits and NOW VOYAGER IFA. Miniver is a mystery, but then again, most accounts also say that so far it has just burned out on the action, she lost interest in all of this together, and it's no secret that those who experienced this kind of thing much lost focus and may have to wait until retirement or the end of the contract is about to leave as quickly as possible. Such may be the case here. She seems lost, she seems tired, it seems that it is not out of place, passing through autopilot instead of living part. After this film, she would no longer, but will be responsible to identify Janet Lee, who will come into its own as a star of the screen during the late 40s and 60s.
