I could not understand this film most of the time, and no one could anyone else, based on the different look. The first scene of the movie has almost nothing to do with the rest of the story. In it, a photojournalist with a large mustache cancel your vacation to get away from his girlfriend. He meant to take a picture of a mountain. It is rumored to be haunted, but I could not tell if he had heard that his boss or later in the film. On his way he meets a beautiful woman writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him on his working visit. Throughout the film, there's this horrible music score, basically consist of a noisy song that makes you want to scream, "Shut up !!!" What actually is human bile that movie always seems to be about is to become a good, although he never does. There is a beautiful mountain landscape and some truly awful atmosphere. Hotel and silent, abandoned old buildings, scattered around the mountain is quite ominous. In the misty night look real, and not as someone put artificial fog machine on the set. And the idea, and not the original, had the potential. But he never leads to better, at least not enough to be useful. Here's how it goes, more or less. They stay in this hotel operates strange innkeeper (you expect that he will be named Igor) with hearing problems. There is a scene where the author thinks that the radar in its window, but the scene is so dark, I had not the slightest idea what is happening. It was it bad lighting or bad translation of the film is unknown to me. In any case, we will never know I know what happened. There is a scene where she wanders during the night. Whether she sleepwalking or hypnotized witches title is never explained. Another scene, which is never explained, when their car was stolen, then again found nothing stolen. They wind up in this, apparently abandoned mountain village, the only inhabitant of this seemingly kindly old lady. There are other things, including a chained wild man in the cave, which is never explained, attempting to sacrifice a writer in some way (they will kill her or to brainwash her into joining them?), Sami witch bunch brunette women in white coats that do not show up until the last 15 minutes of the film and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even closing scene makes no sense. When all is said and done, most people will say, "Huh?"
