Saying this movie is very hard to follow, and as well as care to sit through it to put it very mildly. Also say that now is available for printing a dark, dreary, scratchy, plaintive edited, painfully redundant, it would seem, censorship and almost unwatchable form is also correct. This film is in dire need of a good re-mastered from the full, uncut, negativity and see how it is prudent to atmospheric (and won the director award at the Film Festival in Catalonia), it can be really worth it. Then again, maybe not ... It's just impossible to say in its current state, what kind of film it actually is. It starts quite interesting, if you can discount a completely meaningless previous credits opening sequence, which involves abnormal cat kills the snake-loving little girl named Gerda. The girls mother, Carla (Mónica Randall, who had dismissed the eyeliner a bit), spray some gasoline around the garage and torches boy. It would seem as crazy as a young Gerda, she goes to visit her mother, who lives photographer (former?) friend Mario ( «John» / Cihangir Caffari). He is on leave from work, but so desperately to get away from Carla that he asked his employers to establish its concessions ... any job. She frowns, "You'll be sorry!" As he heads out the door. Well, Mario is intended to photograph "Witch Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I believe). Before he got to his destination, he gets out of sight in a Hottie on the beach by the name of Delia (Patty Shepard) and snaps a few pictures of her taking off bikini. Only a little annoyed, she claims that one writer, the two coquette, and then decide that it will bulge idea when they went on a trip to the mountains. When they stay in place, so that she could pack her bags, Mario suddenly hears a loud, ominous music. Delia says that he just heard. <br /> <br /> Thus, the two begin their journey to the mountain, taking a stop at a local hotel to spend the night. There they meet a wonderful, partially deaf, crazy eyes innkeeper (Victor Israel) and Delia says that someone is spying here through her window. The next day, under some kind of trance, she wanders into the mountains and eventually is Mario, who hops out of his jeep and runs after her. Despite the fact that he had to find out what happened, someone steals their wheels and they are forced to walk a piece, in the end, find jeep intact at the foot of a small, ancient, seemingly abandoned villages ... almost like someone is deliberately trying to attract them there. Well, as we shall see, that is exactly what happened. In the village they meet a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Tara), who claims that she was the only person still living there, and allows them to stay in their home. Mario took a few pictures of the "abandoned" the city, and when he develops them, they are full of scary people. Slightly creeped out, he and Delia begin to leave and get stuck in the "treacherous" and the fog should go and camp for the night. The rest of the film has to do with a fishing rod puppets, black cats, converts to sexy women, satanic rituals performed by women in their bras and death fall off a cliff. And so, coincidentally alienated wife Carla is one of the witches, too. All this takes place in the twilight, and frankly, I do not know what the hell was going on most of the time. Inconclusive "open" ending just slap any more have to suffer the rest of this pointless confusion. <br /> <br /> To be honest, there are only a few things that stand out for me as well. Shepard first actress who has such a great view of Barbara Steele dark, mysterious beauty. There's also a great music score (credited to Fernando García Morcillo ~ d) and chant songs that have strengthened very much in the making of this film, as atmospheric as it is. Work location is fairly decent, but, as I said, ugly seal, as can be, and it does not make a lick of sense, so proceed with caution on this.
