In Europe it is known as one who dares Wins; in America, it is known as The Final Option, but by any name it's ridiculously SAS action flick asks the audience to put their lack of faith in the same direction for about two hours. I find it incredibly hard to see how Lewis Collins (hero here) was almost chosen as the successor to Roger Moore Bond films .... this guy is so obscure that he was struggling to get a job in a museum of wax figures ( like a wax !!!) Fortunately, Judy Davis on hand to partially repay deal with fleshy uncompromising performance as the lady terrorist is ten minutes Naivysočajšij sequence of actions which are very well organized director Ian Sharp. Let it be added that this is a very, very, very long wait for these closures excitement to come, and I can not honestly say that for almost two hours waiting for some decent action is worth the effort. <br /> <br /> SAS hard man Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) goes undercover in a group of peaceful demonstrators who wanted to see an end to nuclear weapons stock placement. He meets his leader Frank (Judy Davis), a strong speaker and self-confident woman who just might be able to take emergency measures in order to achieve their goals. dedicated beam Frank strongly precipitated the American Embassy in London, demanding that nuclear missiles will be fired at the naval base in Scotland (it is believed that when the world witnesses a nuclear explosion for real, everything will be so shocked that they would join her company on Disarmament ). Unfortunately for Frankie, she makes the mistake of taking Skellen on his small raid the embassy, ​​and he plans to thwart their plan from the inside with a little well-timed assistance from their SAS colleagues. <br /> <br /> The film is inspired - it is clear - in a surprising SAS assault on the Iranian embassy in 1981, someone who saw this event in the news, apparently, thought it would be good to develop a film along similar lines. Unfortunately, the film is quite banal, too much silly dialogue, and a hell of a lot of bad striking scenes (debate arch-bishop who goes into a riot, anyone?) Frankie Ideas to achieve peace, inciting a nuclear explosion is ridiculous anyway so that it becomes ridiculous figure only when the viewer is on the verge of viewing it as an interesting villain. Who dares wins are trying to be a celebration of military legend, which is the SAS, but at the same time it is immersed in a clumsy clichés of action and poorly thought-out drawing. The result is a well-intentioned but totally ineffective piece of his own absurdity Boy.
