There is something most of us, especially the young people that enjoys some really working class small town "real men" populist fare. And Sean Penn to serve it to us with a cherry on top. Hey, a lot of people use Penn as a political whipping boy, but I do not appreciate the movie or an actor / director, based on a policy or a person. This is what the right-wing commentators like excretable fake movie critic Debbie Schlussel does. Recognizing it is one of our finest actors and a good director, I think that this painting was part of a simplified aimless dreck that he redeemed since. <br /> <br /> So, you have the essence of this there is a good cop, a small town a cavalryman, Joe was playing against type, David Morse, which is in the initial stage of driving some guy on a country road in the farm more than sixty cars. Bad guy stops, leaves, shoots it well, Joe, to blow it dead. There was no explanation as to what caused this man to do such a desperate violent thing and the parents of a deceased person to do some redneck freak at the police station while Joe feels really boring and is guilty, that he had to kill someone. Thus, we know that Joe, the farmer is forced to leave their land to the work of the police, it is a good basic kind of guy. Then his brother Frank shows up, he is sadistic, amoral bully, fresh out of the Army and Vietnam, where the war had its bloodlust up. Some people here and in other reviews called it simply irresponsible hell raising his younger brother Sean tries to make some point about what our John Wayne tough culture of man and war makes otherwise good people, but what I saw was immoral, sadistic bully who is hurting and tearing people away. Then there's the mom and dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, which makes it necessary to turn as an old-fashioned country couple, and then die; she is sick and he is from a shotgun suicide in order to advance the story for us. Both times, the bad guy Frank off to be miserable SOB. But a good Joe returns to his Podunksville from prison so Frank could fix his life by means of welding bridges and lived with a completely stupid cries poor pregnant wife. But Joe has a good wife, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, which Mexican and Shawn uses it as an exercise in affirmative action some decorating Goody Joe and his real mentality under his uniform and Hedgehog. For me it was completely pointless affirmative action plot, Sean uses to burnish its tough guy card, sucking up to the Mexicans because Mexicans are so hard and cold. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad, and we get the props events like hijacking another car, rob a gas station clerk beating on the head, then set fire to the car and all the interesting things to do on the hub. Then there is compulsory 8mmy childhood film retrospective young Joe obediently moves lawn and cowboy dressed Frankie jumping on his back and fight with him and yaddom yadd so we all know that there is a deep connection between the two of them. <br /> <br /> So the film meanders around with a lot of small town schlock to warm the heart of any red staters. Accompanying the film was a great soundtrack great songs of the sixties, like Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, who were completely ridiculous, for the effect of age 60s, except to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst crime is that because the film was inspired by the song Springsteen, «The Highway Patrolman», this song was not included. <br /> <br /> So the brain dead wife Jo goes into labor and Joe runs off to the bar to get drunk and spout some misadventures populists drunken victim about how difficult things as well Joey come to pull it back to his wife. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viy - Frank Whigs with no particular reason and hit his friend Caesar to death after a good Joe Cop leaves <br /> <br /> so that Joe chasing his poor brother down, and I was hoping that he would do. correctly and hit, threaten the public away. Instead, we get a scene where his brother had stopped in front of him in some old 50-cadet on some deserted road at night, and a little Frankie in his cowboy suit and cap guns out of the car to face a good Joe, the kid from 8mm flashbacks home movie sequence. Oh, this dreck! Then the top of the juice drecky festival, there is some Zen shit about Indian runner, who is the messenger becomes the message, ala Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean did much better than this, so do not be afraid to miss it.
