If I remember correctly, when this film was released came across as a comedy - funny look at the adult entertainment industry. If this is what it should be, it is actually not working. It's just not funny. Installation, which is quite large (as it is called comedy!) Failure to side, as I have no personal knowledge about the subject, I'm avoiding comment on the authenticity of history - related goings on behind the scenes in Toronto massage parlor, except that - if true - life is pretty boring. <br /> <br /> More than an hour, this film does not really give us a little more than some background knowledge of the main characters. Conrad recently hired manager massage room, whose main job seems to be to make sure that girls do not give "full service." - a euphemism for the actual sex As for the girls themselves, the purpose of Betty to buy a cabin of his own, so that she can run your own business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant to Canada to work to support his family back home, and Leah - well, Lia bit strange, uncertain nipple fetish - true - that seems to be business, because - well, because it is in it I have no ma! nd that her character was about. Those three components are smart enough symbols that clearly represent the motives of women who get involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The film meanders about and does not offer much to the "Twist" . shows the Conrad to be the bad guy we were supposed to get to this point sooner only thing that's really interesting here was that part of the story -. Conrad's secret plan and a conspiracy against him girls. This revenge was pretty good, and you are grateful when it comes out mostly because at this point you are wondering why you wasted your time with this. If history were more focused on revenge, it may, in fact, was pretty funny movie. <br /> <br /> performance from 4-designated were all right, though I do not think anyone came across unclear. All four characters was a little small. Cindy was a sympathetic character, and so was the Conrad for a while, although he is the bad guy of the movie. Given the subject, there is surprisingly little nudity (and that there is limited to one scene.) In fact, there is even a certain air of innocence around a lot of this. With regard to the overall quality of the film is low-budget effort, which shows while you're waiting for a certain griminess, I believe, from the film, set in the context of the interior of the body rubbing, so it's forgivable. It certainly says something, however, that it was released 8 years ago and is still the only loan on a resume writer and director Su Liu and - taking into account the normal lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - it is not even considered worthy to be assigned to any Genie Awards - Canada's version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I was a little generous with it.
