I caught this stink bomb film recently on the cable channel, and was reminded of how badly I thought that it was in 1980, when first released. Many observers there is not old enough to remember the great hype surrounding this film and the struggle between Stanley Kubrick and Stephen King. The hugely popular novel was legions of fans eager to see the alleged "master" the director put this multilevel supernatural story on the screen. "Lot Salem" has already destroyed at the end of the 1970s, as the mini-series, directed by Tobe Hooper (he "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" fame) and treated badly by turning the main villain of the book in the "Chiller Theater" vampire with no real threat at all, thus destroying the entire room. Supporters hope that the director Kubrick's growth would succeed where failed Hooper. That did not happen. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film looks great and has a terrific opening sequence, but after those few achievements, it all down. Jack Nicholson can not be anything other than Jack Nicholson. He is always with the mind and do not bring anything to his role here. I do not care that many observers here think he's all that this clinker, the "Here Johnny!" A little bit, even though ... it is terrible in this film. And everyone else, for that matter. Scatman Crothers character, Dick Halloran, is essential for the plot of the book, but Kubrick kills him with one of the sequences Lamest "shock" ever put on film. I remember the audience in the theater I saw this booed several times during the last 45 minutes of this poor Flick, those that are left, that is ... a lot left. King's book never really translate well the movie as most of the narrative is going on inside his characters, and often metaphysical. Kubrick dropped voltage between the living and the dead in favor of style here and the result is a mess ends up so far from the source material, which we ultimately do not really care what happens to anyone. <br /> <br /> This movie still stinks and why so many people think that this is a masterpiece of horrors me.
