NOTE: This review contains spoilers. Do not read if you do not want some of the items sent to you before you watch the movie. <br /> <br /> With a cast like this, you wonder whether or not actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting in, they saw the script and say, `Hey, Close Encounters of the Third Kind was such a hit that it can not. " Unfortunately, it does. Perhaps they even think to check the credentials of the director? I mean, you would have to make a film with the director of a film called `Cheerleaders Satan? Graydon Clark, who would later go on straight proverbial `Final Justice" made it. It makes you wonder how people Mystery Science Theater 3000 could forge `Final Justice", and completely miss out on `The Return». <br /> <br /> The film is located in a small town in New Mexico. Little boy and girl is in the street unattended one night when a powerful flashlight beam.er.a spacecraft and is hovering over them. Probably the worst special effects film sequence, the ship spews some red paint on them. It seems that Clark had a glass of water from the camera lens and dipped his pen in passing it, so once you are treated with cheese. In any case, the ship leaves and the adults do not believe children. Elsewhere we see Vincent Schiavelli, which I find to be a terrific actor (playing his scene in `Ghost 'to prove, as they are outstanding), which plays a miner, or, as I called it, Miner 1949er. He comes out of the cave, he is, and he and his dog were signed on the ship. Twenty-five years go by and the girl grew up to be Cybill Shepherd, who works with his father, Raymond Burr, the study of unusual weather events. Or something like that. Shepherd see some strange things in the satellite images on this small town New Mexico, and she goes there to investigate it. Once it gets there, the local herders to harass her and blame her for the last time to kill those cattle mutilations, which are continuing, and the deputy Jean-Michael Vincent comes to her aid. From this point on, the film really captivates, as the two quickly fall for each other, especially after Vincent Mainz locals and informs Shepherd, that he was a little boy, who saw the ship with its twenty-five years ago. While this sad mess going on, Vincent Schiavelli with his dog killer is on his side, goes around killing cattle and all the people, he falls in with an unusual element. You know those plastic glow sticks stores sell for trick-or-treaters on Halloween, the kind that you shake to make them shine? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of those glow sticks to burn cuts in others. This is the second worst effect in the movie. Every time Schiavelli on the screen with a glow stick, the scene atmosphere suddenly darkens as the filmmakers thought regiment smoldering need that reinforcement. He ends up making the film look even cheaper than that. <br /> <br /> And what does all this lead to? It is difficult to say when the final, confusing scene. See Burr and his team of scientists attempt to explain the satellite images that Shepherd found as a kind of calling card ', "but none of them does not make sense. Why did the shepherd and the age and Vincent Schiavelli nya? Schiavelli explains why he kills animals and people, and why he wants to Shepherd of the dead, but even this has a special meaning, if you really think about it. I mean, why did not he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? In the end, he was twenty-five years to do it. And foreigners are not needed if the Shepherd died anyway, so why try to kill her? Talking about aliens, it is never clear what they really want from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their purpose? Why did they wait so long to intervene? How could they be so sure that the shepherd will return? Not that the answer to any of these and other issues would be made `Return 'any more enjoyable. You would have to have a bad line, really bad acting, in particular, Shepherd, cheese effects and bad direction. Fortunately, the star escaped from the film. Cybill Shepherd soon went to star in `Moonlighting» Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent went on to appear in dozens of B-movies, often over-the-top pieces. Raymond Burr made a bunch of Perry Mason TV movies until his death. Vincent Schiavelli continued to be a great character actor in numerous films. Martin Landau, who played Kooky law enforcement officer quickly made a stunning 'Alone in the Dark "and terrible` be covered "before rolling in the films he has been known in recent years. You can not bet none of these stars never want their career to return to `The Return". Zantara Cost: 2 out of 10.
