I'm a big fan of Fulci; many of his Giallo and splash clicks are some of my favorites of all time, but it's made for TV movie very south pairs, and not what I have come to expect from the great Italian director. The film is not interesting, as some of Fulci's more tame Giallo, a mountain, like most of his cult classic; with the result that it is not enough in both core areas, and ultimately, to ensure that the film is not very good. The film works with the plot, which has been used many times before, but it is the idea that there is always a chance of springing an interesting story because it focuses on the theme of life after death, which is the ultimate unknown. This film is dedicated to George Mainardi; a person who is not very well-liked, and after he died of stomach bleeding obvious, not so many people who are sad to see him. This means that his ghost is trapped somewhere between life and the afterlife, and so he decides to try to get to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this case is his daughter. <br /> <br /> video that I saw this movie on proudly announced that the film "in the style of Lovecraft," and this is one of the most egregious attempts to sell a movie I have ever seen. There's nothing even slightly reminiscent of the great horror writer in the story, and the reason for this slogan, it would seem, because of the title similarity to the film Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft, "because" - which is much better than film does benefit from a clearly Italian. style, and the price is pretty good Unfortunately, however, Fulci found it necessary to positively fry every scene in it -. and so the subject is quickly becoming irritable plot played out in a very sad way, and most of the scenes just includes ghost "desperately" trying to find things. or placing daughter communication their suspicions regarding members of his family. This film was made on Italian television, and is therefore not surprising that it's pretty tame. There is a bit of gore and horror sequence with a zombie, but it is not Fulci we all know and love . overall, this film is very mediocre, not a good idea Fulci talents. Do not mess around with, unless you Completist Fulci.
