Now I'm a fan of B movie genre, but this stuff offends me to no end. First of all, the film starring Lizzy McGuire brother how annoying a young child who goes in search of her missing 3 dogs legs. Now, please, what a dumb ass mistake three-legged dog to god damn mutated crocodile, please, I ask you? And Heres another point to ponder why they show Dinocroc on the back of the box as a huge movie, and actually in the water? I believe, if memory thing has spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was just shy of 6 feet tall, it was a heart breaker. But the redemptive quality to this film was that it was so bad that I almost died laughing because, believe me bad actions made me want to die. But the fact remains that once again this thing set up another military training ground for super crocodiles for military combat or something like that from the source of all things evil E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget that the characters, let's see, we wank # 1, as the male role and halfway decent chick (who does not know how to act) as the female lead to what I say WOW! The only thing worse than the current was the end, of course, the characters spend what seems like 2:00 to talk and plan some long complicated way of killing Dinocroc only that he could not kill him in the usual way, that he would take about 15 seconds to come up with. Overall, this film was a gay man and his occasional opera music in the background, and the fact that it was probably the most fun of all the CGI monsters ever made at the same time, it is, of course, was impervious to bullets and bombs (otherwise he would not have been made for military SPIRIT!). Until now, the best scene was when his brother Lizzy McGuire runs in the hut and eat it Dinokrki forcing him to poke his head clean off with jumps noise I might add. I think that you'd better shoot myself between the eyes, then look Dinokrki. And as for a director, I believe that we have to get a bunch of people to hang it on a loop, and all took turns pushing him in the crotch for wasting an hour and a half of our lives, until he finally dies, and then I can go on live.
