"Plan B" is strictly at the tariff figure except for one thing. I suddenly found that it is quite a shame. <br /> <br /> Jon Cryer is the "star" of this film and played his usual, smarmy, self-centered, runny character that was really endearing in "Pretty in Pink" and has been fun since . Grating does not even begin to describe his work. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) muscular, blond, struggling actor (gasp!) Slightly worried about his hair and getting laid. It's about the nature of the stock ... ugh. At least three other characters more appealing. Lisa Darren and Lance Guest plays grounded, optimistic, caring couple who are trying to become pregnant. Since they are not whining drama queen, however, their role, apparently considered to be boring, and they do not give enough time to the screen. Sarah Mornell completes the cast, playing Gina, your usual pleasant and beautiful young woman who simply can not find a suitable partner in love. I've seen this character a million times, but at least its performance overcomes some of the disadvantages caused by the predictability of her situation. <br /> <br /> What struck me in this film was his promotion of juvenile stereotypes. They entered the Russian character with the sole purpose of mocking and making fun of the way he spoke. He is portrayed as a wild, ignorant and surprisingly small. They were just getting warmed up, although the usual nonsense about gays. Gina decides to be gay for a while because it is not having any success with the guys. Honestly. It was not so bad, except they really went overboard when Gina brought lesbian in a Christmas party thrown her friends. Her lesbian date was very short hair (as I'm sure that all lesbians are doing). She also got very upset (as I'm sure that all lesbians are doing), when Jean had the audacity to put on lipstick (!). Finally, it goes around the date of the party impact on almost every woman has and mouths weekend when Gina expressed her disappointment. Of course, we all know how gays can not remain faithful as much as a couple of hours a lot less, months, or even years, is not it? (Note the sarcasm in that statement. Thank you.) <br /> <br /> This film was based on the tired and predictable premise to begin with, but the unpleasant performance Cryer combined with idiotic stereotype tone this film to lower depth of a movie. 2/10
