Imagine that in the adaptation of the novel of James Bond in the film, the filmmakers eliminated all the action and suspense to make it to the child. Or if a TV producer Chris Rock said he could not swear so that his event can be evaluated PG. Similarly, the director of the film "Something Wicked This Way Comes" learned excitement and gore in favor of the melodrama to a younger audience. This has created a uniform story book without complications. Trying to make history, "Something Wicked This Way Comes" is easier for children to follow, the filmmakers have eliminated the theme of good and evil both exist in everyone, and good always prevails over evil. This is manifested in the transformation of the character of Will, Charles Halloway salvation to Jim, and the defeat of the carnival. <br /> <br /> Will Convert to riskier boy was blocked in the film. The scene in which Dust Witch Will visits the house in a balloon was cut from the film. Instead of green mist worth Jim and Will's home and gives them the same nightmare of a witch and her spiders. The attack on the balloon shows us that Will began to conquer my fear of doing things on their own. He gets on top of the neighbor's roof and breaks a balloon with a bow, defeating the Witch. "Sorry, Dad, he thought, and sat down, smiling. This time it's me alone, "Will decides how he is preparing for her (147) Disposal of this scene from the film prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more daring. The film shows us many examples will be afraid to follow Jim, but never grow up wondering how his penis. In the book, Will is like a good, quiet side and "evil" daring side like it to Jim. In the film, each boy has only one way of thinking that destroys theme Bradbury both good and evil are present in every human being. <br /> <br /> In the book, Will saves Jim because of their friendship, but in the film, Charles Halloway saves repay Jim Jim's father. I will pull the carousel Jim Bradbury's novel, because he did not want his best friend to grow without it. This is good in the Will, the fact that he cares about his friend that Jim rescues from the evil curse of the carnival. At the roundabout, Jim "gesture with your other hand free to stretch away, one part of it, a small, white, single part, which is still remembered their friendship" (269) This shows that there was a good left inside of Jim, that has the potential to further conquer evil. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the movie, he's doing it to pay off the debt, he owes to his father Jim, who saved Will, when he was a small boy. By changing the motivation to save Jim, the filmmakers have destroyed the original idea Bradbury it takes well to re able to evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, carnival defeat by tornadoes and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. When the book ends, Mr. Dark transforms himself into a little boy and Charles Halloway smiling and laughing at him so that he can not stand, and vaporized. in the Bradbury's world, evil people feed off fear and can be defeated only with happiness and love. His message is that good will always prevail over evil, but only if it's good to be expressed outwardly. "Well it seems evil evil," said Charles Halloway, as it keeps dying Mr. Dark. "So I will do only good for you, Jed. I'll just keep you and watch you poison "(275) In the film, Mr. Dark is the only one left on the carousel, when lightning strikes him and he dies. Eliminating weapons of laughter and smiles, the filmmakers believe that the bad weather is the most effective way to defeat the evil as if lightning strikes only those who do not. It takes the basic theme of the book Bradbury, which is what makes "good" in relation to other wards February. <br /> <br /> Good always triumphs over evil, but when I try to make films more favorable for the child will always be a force filmmakers to leave some of the themes of the books they are based. In the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes," will not transform, friendship Will not save Jim, and smile and laugh sun beat carnival. As a result, the filmmakers left too many highlights Bradbury. The process of adapting the book for the film too often destroys the world the author has set. In the case of this story, which scares the world Bradbury opposing forces of good and evil reduced to a lion tamer, a simple version of itself.
