Before you begin, you should know that I'm a big fan of many of Sonny Chiba movies. His biographical series about the life of his master, Oyama, were strange and among the best martial arts films ever, like most of his Street Fighter movie. The action is almost non-stop and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask), he was the greatest martial arts practitioner in movies in the 1970s. Because they are so good that I saw at least 15 of his films, and recently bought some more (I am in the process view). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love of the movies I have, I do not mind numbed zombies who worships the people to such an extent that I appreciate each film 10. There are several reviews, as here, at IMDb and I really think that someone would give this film 10 should be ignored, because it is such a bad film from a technical point of view, and not even close to the best work be covered Chiba. The number 10 is not a real ranking - this is some kind of zombie fan trying to make a statement about the Chiba rather than the movie! As I have said, this is technically a horror film. Some of this was the result of my observation of the copied version of the US, with a prologue irrelevant and bad dubbing. But much of the problem will continue to exist with the original Japanese print. The camera-work is just disgusting - as it has done a chimpanzee (chimp clever, yet chimpanzees, however). Often, a lot of fast-action martial arts is missing, because the camera is so slow or cut off the tops of the heads of actors due shoddiness production. And, again and again, the camera turns in and out, like a new toy used idiot plus editing goes badly - with cuts being done haphazardly and inconsistently <br /> <br /> I do not. " I know whether or not the original music accompaniment - but it was very, very bad. Kind of like acid rock in 1970 mixed with bad music "Spaghetti Western" Ennio Morricone in. - it was annoying, distracting and just stupid <br /> <br /> As for the fighting arts, I think that chimps have to do the choreography would have improved things a bit. Instead of big action scenes, you look forward to in Chiba film, fights too short and often overlooked camera !! So you are left with the story ... and it might just be the worst part of the movie! It should be a film on Drugs starring Sonny Chiba as .... Sonny Chiba! And when the film begins, he vows to destroy the drug trade in Japan. But the mafia (complete with not one member who looks Italian but that all Japanese) vows to stop Chiba. And if the lady comes in Chiba with promises to give him information about how to destroy the drug trade, he agrees to help her, and risking their lives without any conditions - despite the fact that she would never tell him straight, she knows! In fact, it turns out later that she was just trying to use Chiba to protect her until she sells a huge portfolio, full of cocaine - and he continues to try to protect her !! It makes no sense, and throughout most of the film it looks as if they just shot the film without a script -., For example, when they went into bars and brothels and had Chiba walks as if he was drunk, <br /> <br /> So, if it was bad, then why still it deserves 3? Well, firstly, there are many other terrible Martial Arts films (for example, many of those from Hong Kong in 1970) - including one with a guy dressed in a gorilla suit to do kung fu and their handlers to 3 feet long tongues, which they used to fight (now this is bad). Secondly, while the effect is very bad compared to other films Sonny Chiba, compared with his contemporaries, it is not so bad. However, you can easily do much better than this horrible little film. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to know if this is the worst Sonny Chiba film, it certainly is not! In one of his first films, invasion MEN Neptune, Chiba plays a swimsuit-wearing super-hero who fights with pointy heads invaders from the planet Neptune. It's so bad that rivals plan 9 from outer space, and saved for BRAIN Nazi terror <br /> <br /> A final note to parents. - As with most films Sonny Chiba is a very strong and has its share of a fool. Do not allow young children not to watch it no matter how much they ask for! Make them wait until they are older before you allow them to watch the pitiful rating-R martial arts films!
