The best thing you can say about this movie is that if you are a fan of Sonny Chiba, this film gives you a lot about him. Chiba making it; Chiba represents; Chiba ridicule; Chiba bites into the chamber; Chiba punches and kicks land alive with a whole bunch of bad guys; Chiba sitting around on couches and chairs and looking thoughtful / pensive; Chiba driving his car ... <br /> <br /> I love Chiba, as an actor and martial arts ... but even for Chiba fan, this movie may be a little too much Sonny Chiba. This is obviously something of a vanity car for him. And no, I would not put the «Street Fighter» in the same category, because «SF» he plays ruthless, amoral anti-hero, and it divides the chamber with an intriguing cast of friends and enemies. Here he is in front and in the center of almost all the time, and he's trying to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee in one person. Mifune and Chow Yun Fat could not get it for the length of the entire movie, and Sonny is only partly worn out its welcome. At least, he could have changed out of his suit once in a while. <br /> <br /> The film is more messed up on a completely gratuitous and bad made an introductory sequence (apparently attached to the front of the film for the American version) and Goofy cheer «(» Viva !! Chiba !! Viva !! Chiba! !) that starts things on the wrong foot. There are some amazing amateur and inappropriate dubbing - Shonen (or plain English understudy), apparently could not be bothered to do the vocals for the American version, so they received scant grass with a completely different and more smooth voice and dialect, which is quite sharp is from a person who we all know and love from the «Street Fighter». <br /> <br /> Even with all these disadvantages and overexposure, it can still be a minor classic, but the camera work and the scene of struggle hopelessly cheese. I am willing to believe that Karate actually works, if someone as amazing as a symbol of Chiba to be doing this, but the director and cinematographer to hedge their bets by grinding and editing scenes weed control separator, so that you can not see what happens most of the time. It's not all bad: there are decent shots and composition, and have at least one memorable and dreadful moment when the bad guys are in the client's bedroom to in the present invention method. <br /> <br /> As for the actual story ... forget. For "bodyguard", the character of Chiba is something idiot. The scenario depends on its making mistakes and missteps that repeatedly places his (and his "client") in dangerous situations, so that it can make its way out of them, and after 30 minutes, it strains even the most gullible court to think that this guy is supposed to be any good. (Also, when his character was really to destroy a Japanese drug trafficking, he would take his client on her neck for 10 minutes in the script and shaking her until her teeth chattering like castanets until she shed her little secrets .. ., and a whole lot of senseless death and conflicts could be avoided.) <br /> <br /> However, in general, this film a long way from the bottom of the barrel. This is still a Sonny Chiba, and it is still fun to watch. I paid a dollar to get it from the transaction DVD rack at the local mega-mart, and I feel that it is worth seeing once.
