This is easily one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen, and it says something. Chant VIVA Chiba, Chiba viva heard in the title, before long you'll be chanting for yourself stupid, stupid. The main story of the mafia running drugs into Japan and one person vowels to stop them, of course, is our man Sonny Chiba. Karate Master offers its services to those who can provide information about drug lords. The woman comes forward and he becomes a bodyguard, but her true intentions? Let me say at this point, who cares? Soon we were treated or tortured series of poorly choreographed fights and lame storyline that is becoming more and more ridiculous every time. Sonny eventually kills the bad guys from his karate skills, end of story. Oh yes the woman was corrupt too. I congratulate you may just watched a funny movie ever. <br /> <br /> As mentioned already it is one of the worst movies I've ever seen a martial art. What makes it watchable translucent to see how poorly made film can be. Some of them have already been mentioned notorious American intro put into the film. This is probably the most interesting part of the film, and it is for the funny. I agree, it is worth watching just to see how lame 70-carat scene was at the time. See how Aaron Banks leaves the guy hanging on his nuts, then turns thicker student (bad editing) punching him in the throat. But all badly done in this film. Terrible incredible fights, fake I mean fake blood, bad acting, dubbing, wardrobe, and let us not forget history. One person to take out all the drug problem in the country? I'll bet. Fight after fight clown. It was in the 70s, when people still believed Karate to be effective in the fight, but Chiba brings it to a new level with some nonsense put out in this film. Let's see what he kicks the gun in half kicks the guy so much, that looks like his dentures fall out and, of course, cutting the bottle scene, give me a break. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to say what is happening in the battle because it removed so bad. One part, which was funny, when he broke his arm guys through the door, giving him a compound fracture. GOOD. Since the action takes place, we were treated to a lot of blood, really fake blood. Too much to say that it looked poorly made and it is an understatement. Actions did not exist in this film. I do not expect much from a movie of this caliber, in any case, until the action is good, but it was not as expected dubbing is very poor. It was my imagination or do they duplicate the Asian Go Go dancer in black with an accent? As you'd expect from a 70-wardrobe you'll Stsyazhko clowns on some trends and nasty woman, isolated on a free nudity that comes with these clicks. Besides, why would the Mafia to be so obvious and all where black cloaks and hats, all the time? Do not try to hide it. Symbols were stupid as well. Owner pimp club one of which is decorated in a Japanese pimp suit and a friend who has a taste of the hole's head looks like a fat hippies. Also, one last thing that bothered me throughout the film was terrible music with some woman whaling. It was very annoying. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a terrible film as a martial arts standards and making a good movie. This does not mean that it is not interesting. With the film shot so bad, it's hard not to laugh for most of the film, if you can stomach. It was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it was purely bad, I would have given one star, but she laughs it delivers BUMPS. 4 10.
