Lil Bush is a 30-minute cartoon show consists of 2 x 15 minutes episodes, shown on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictional, cartoon, Washington DC, and centers around a satirical and children's perceptions of George W. Bush, Condoleezza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney. Other policies also satirized in the same way and act as supporting characters. <br /> <br /> The pilot bush, many expectations of this commentator, was quite small and esoteric production, which barely delivers on its promise of signs: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. Although it is recognized that putting the show does have some merits, despite the fact that it would be difficult to imagine the show based almost entirely of denigrating one political person will survive to continue to produce episodes after his term ended, the performance of which can only be described how sloppy at best and awful at worst, has spoiled what little capacity was not a show. <br /> <br /> Liv Bush, which can be technically classified as a "satire" tend to ignore its actual use specific tools comedy to hit their targets in a very vulgar (but not particularly original, entertaining, or funny) ways. Writing consistently weak show often consists of little more than the Bush / Cheney recording joke heard in other places ads are set on edge and put them all in one 30-minute television unit. Thus, most of the jokes, who provided the authors was shameless cliches, some of which has been publicly traded for over 6 years. Compared with the vice-president of Darth Vader, for example, can be funny the first 300 times one heard it on the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Lena monologue / any late-night talk show -ever, but it's not funny here. As if that was not enough land in the show seem to exist merely as a means to promote the same old tiresome Bush jokes that the authors have made the program center. <br /> <br /> In defense of the show, when the authors dare to write a truly original joke (which seems to be rare), often somewhat humorous. If the show was to expand the depth of a few, and put his character in the new situation, exotic situation, rather than the same old mistakes and "quagmire" immortalized by the Bush administration, thus not relying on the same old Bush jokes and over. Again, the show can be considered more moderate and perhaps even innovative <br /> <br /> ultimately, it is difficult to determine what causes the lack of this series Liv Bush the most damage; his obvious lack of originality and poor quality of writing, or a painfully narrow-minded ambition. It is reasonable to expect that Liv Bush will keep a small base of left wing supporters, that is, if they are able to withstand the extremely poor writing; as long as the program continues to closely lampoon the Bush administration. However, most of the audience was soon recognized the program for what it really is, weak and aimless attempt vulgar satire, and tune in search of something more intellectually stimulating; The price is right, maybe.
