Carnosaurs 3 bad ... very bad. Bad to the point where it's ridiculous. How important it is, how much I try to convince myself, I just can not believe that anyone in this world might find it entertaining for some reason. I mean, come on, even cover bad! OK, the special effects are absolutely ridiculous. Those "carnosaurs" really funny. Scientists say the soldiers that they move very fast, but if you see them run, they operate at the speed of ... actor in a rubber suit is trying to run as much as he can. And the funny explosions (there is no other word to describe it). In the beginning, the bullet hits the jeep after the guys says, "What was that?" ... And other blasts also laughable. But the worst thing that there is a script, and the so-called history. You do not expect a good story (or, I do not think anyone rent this movie waiting for a good movie), but at least the story has to try to make sense. I mean, how hard is it to do a story about dinosaurs that kill people, at least, consistent. Incredibly difficult, if you look at it. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make a believable commando ~ d in your characters, tell the author of this horrible, horrible piece of shit. I mean that a sick person will make cheap jokes after one of his friends dead? And they do a lot. And if you think that the movie about dinosaurs soldiers murder can only be, at least, futuristic, WAKE UP !!! This film is incredibly boring. In carnosaurs (who invented this chrome name anyway?) Attack (in dull action sequence, where you do not see much happening). Soldiers to think about how to beat them (in an incredibly funny scenes where they are trying very hard to be serious, but I can not seem to convince even just one second). Thus, they attack carnosaurs, but the idea does not work (another ridiculous sequence of actions). Back to planners (with several jokes lame addition) to another scene funny. And it goes on and on and on. And let's not forget, the current that is as convincing as the special effects ... and history ... About the OK, the movie just sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
