Well, I had higher hopes for this film carnosaurs simply because it seemed that the sequels get better as they went. I did as carnosaurs 2 is better than 1. I understood well this one is newer, so it must be better, right? Well ... I quickly realized that I was wrong. I was very confused with casting. They returned Rico Dean for another spotlight nature and Michael McDonald as a police officer. Now Rick dean lol, in carnosaurs 2 I thought he fit the role quite well, and in fact did not irritate him, now in carnosaurs 3 wow they put him in an elite soldier. Now we get blunt here. The film actually started quite well with a decent fight weapons and Dinos vyletayuschihom with there little freezing machines, but as soon as the team of Scott Valentine showed up, we had a mixture of romantic comedy with a very funny performances from the late and agile dinosaur. <, Br /> <br /> I'll start with the first predators, they were there tails dragging on the ground, which in the second they were in the air that looked more common for a dinosaur, which can run up to 50-60 miles / h. At the present time, when they fled, they lift a back and forth, and the head does not move. there diskette hands everywhere, and, as they were very bad shot director them look silly and inappropriate. <br /> <br /> T-Rex was extremely miserable, they would have been better, using one of the two previous films. At least one looked somewhat intimidating. One in the movie looked like he was smiling. Feet when he walked was hilarious, as was John Wayne in the old West, all the hard legs, and so on. LOL Another thing I noticed that the hands do not move, they stuck close to his body, so it looked and sounded (the god of the sound effects were terrible) retarded !!! Now, if I was the director and I realized that I do work with, perhaps, I would have probably tried a little harder to hide the fact fakeness. As for the rest of the film, and it was loud and sloppiest military team I've ever seen. The weapon they used would not make sense for the script. They even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the wandering carnosaurs, now I'm tickled to this stage, because I thought that while this nonsense happens Dinos to get in there and cause damage. Instead the director spent about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to look at this film as a 3 Stooges movie dinosaurs. Do you have a late war, late dinosaurs, slow script and you have an excellent 83 minutes to spend your day watching it. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not saying that I would not see it, in fact I BV do recommend everyone to see this movie, which wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem that I am talking, but actually I spin this film to the point that it is. It's really very interesting to watch, because while watching this, you think of yourself, "the director did indeed do it seriously?"
