I really do not see the real added value of this film. It's not so bad to be gay. There's no song or gratuitous nudity (although there were plenty of opportunities). There's no gore. There is no voltage in the first hour of the "cause of the film there is a way much backstage tourist, having parties and locals playing funky tribal music. That last part was really funny, in many cases: You see these natives strike Congo and «jembés», and this is really what you hear (bad synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they have also added a funky bass line on track. So where was the bass player? At some point, the natives get angry and start killing tourists. Why all of a sudden? It should be, because the evil white men building this tourist complex, which according to their myth awakened the wrath of God Alligator River (I actually missed the explanation that one). But the locals did help for a few months to build a tourist complex, so why the sudden angriness? And how the hell they managed to push the helicopter in the water ??? It's all stupid and pointless. The film also shows the thin African-American model I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> At some point, our heroic leading pair of visits to the cave where he lives a strange, crazy old man. The only time this scene is that they do "shocking" discovery that the killer crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's big, it's made of plastic and eat people. All the same to me. Alligator is rather silly creature. It is very stiff and motionless, not even waving his legs when he swims. The eyes do not move even if they shot close-up. I believe that they did not know "animatronics" then, in Italy in 1979, there are also many pointless arrows cut between the local wildlife. I suspect that this footage. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first hour was pretty lame and the only reason I did not exclude the film because my cat is sleeping on my tribes, and I'm waiting for "t want to wake sweet thing. But the last half hour of the film did better. We finally get to see some action when an alligator swims through hordes of people panic, snapping and chewing on them. The most interesting (and at the same time funny) scene where Alice and Daniel van to drive over the bridge and it collapses. We look at the matchbox versions fall into the river of the van here. That's funny. But nice shot. In fact, there are several other good running camera movement. Unexpectedly, this type of flick. I was going to point out some silly details about the end of the film, but I do not want to spoil it completely, if you choose to watch this film. My advice is to stay away from him. If you want to see a decent movie gator, and then see the Alligator Lewis Tigay in. I admit that one is not Italian and not JAWS rip-off, but it's certainly more fun. And if you are interested in other films made by director Sergio Martino, then I highly recommend a very interesting 2019: After the fall of New York. This one is over-the-top rip-off of the existing variety of post-apocalyptic future-of-doom the film. "Italians" and "rip-off", two words that go together very well.
