Dennis Hopper, is without doubt one of the best underrated American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how it will play its role as a cop on the case of a serial child killer. Most Hopper movies always played a psychotic threat threatens to blow things up or go for the death of fun, but in this film, Hopper tried my best to keep this intensity and emotion, carrying a shield. . Once I got into the plot of the movie, I was hooked, but it's just the little things that ultimately killed the film <br /> <br /> The concept of the film is great - not only police officers on the run to catch the killer, but we will be able see how criminals work to catch the killer. Plot football stadium seems ridiculous, but it is necessary to draw a thug in the killer hunting. <br /> <br /> That's all that good you can say about the film. While Hopper was really trying to act like a tough, experienced street-smart cop, I can not help but feel that his action was below par, and there was not enough conviction that he really attached to the case. The guide is also terrible - he did not have a true sense of the film, and the production of TV commercial. This is most evident when the bandits are found for the first time to form an elite team to hunt down the killer. When a leading gangster shoots the other garrulous thug in slow motion, the action was weak, predictable, and very uninteresting. That's when I knew that first of all, the action is brutal. <br /> <br /> angling the camera was an amateur, and recalling a scene or intrusive images of the little sisters killer had no genuine distinctive effect when it was supposed to be scary, it was not. the actions of each person was terrible, and even for Hopper, I did not feel his character, and I just did not care too much about his relationship with his daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me the most swat team. Once I saw SwaT team in action, I thought, finally something good. But I was wrong. First of all, kill the entire team consisted of 4 guys. It is simply impossible. Second of all, apparently, swat team has no training at all, because a lot of times in the film, they carry their HKA4 machines with one hand. If the killer was hiding next to the stairs with a gun, the 4 idiots would have been blown to pieces, because they were not even aiming at something or paying attention. They had to have both hands on the gun, directed forward, but it looks like they do not take the job seriously and just flaunt around. Third, do not shout SWAT Team members, such as "Keep your eyes open, take care of yourself, we are good to go ... etc." In fact, they use hand signals or a radio. But they literally yelling at each other - you have to catch the killer, if he can hear you come ??? And to top it all, these guys have no plan - apparently, they're just running up and down going on a wild turkey hunting. In the end, they end up doing nothing. That was the last straw. I'm not an expert on special forces, but most of what I have just outlined, rather common sense. If the viewer knows what a terrible film, the action pretty much become the savior of the film - if you can not even make an effort to make a great action movie lost <br /> <br />. I give 2 stars for the concept, but the others can not be credited. If you want to see the crime thriller, do not bother with it. There's a lot of crime in the film - but he has a lack of thrills.
