Antitrust falls squarely in the category of films that seek to make some big point at the same time uplifting still falls completely flat. I do not hate this movie, but it lacks key elements, such as the unknown. There have been other attempts to make a film about an attractive computer, such as hackers and The Net. They all fall short. Incredible ending like The Net and anticorrosion seem almost identical. This end of the film suffer from one huge mistake in perception: People in the PC business, which are the more indulgent ego that takes over the population as a whole lives it is a life waiting to hear the latest news on PCs and software. I worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own self-importance, as it makes the movie. <br /> <br /> The way they introduced storylines was miserable. Showing Miley, who fatally allergic to sesame, almost swallows one of the restaurants bins crossed the line stupidity. Only his "girlfriend" prevented him from certain death. It makes you wonder how Miley could survive as long as he is not afraid of the dangers of Big Mac buns and sesame bread sticks, as they disguise themselves well .... sesame bread and Big Mac buns. <br /> <br /> Antitrust also gives a lot of uncertainty. Patterned and predictable plot twists easily figured out long before they showed (come on, was anyone stunned when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thereby destroying the value of any real impact. And here we have another movie / story where in the end, the bad guys are chasing good guys "get the disk." We need a moratorium on this simple storyline Simon for about 20 years. Nevertheless, I pressed on. Maybe the ending will be the price paid, but no. Totally inappropriate ending, where we have a security company manager, the other must be an evil man, turn around and be a nice guy, that allows to bring down Maile N.U.R.V CEO Gary Winston was ridiculous. And of course, the news coverage of the arrest of Gary Winston more feverish than ever Hinckley or Oswald was brought into custody. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, a cardboard cutout of the same nature Robbins played in Arlington Road. But it fits perfectly here in Antitrust which came to be called "disappointing" or "Anti-original." <br /> <br /> In the following years, the film is likely to be driven to show only third-rate local UHF channel.
