When I sat down to watch this movie, I really expected very little, as the story takes on a rather complex issues. Using football as a launching pad for complications, too, it was an interesting approach. However, unfortunately, in spite of his courage dealing with controversial issues, such as culture clashes between Muslim and Western cultures, adding generation of conflict and prejudice against gays / lesbians, it allows to settle down direction with a rather simplified relief to all suspense built up throughout the movie. This leads me to the impression that the creators have taken on too big a task for yourself solutions, trying to be more profound, something they managed to cope. <br /> <br /> However, this does not mean that the film itself is bad, because it makes the conflict, which is very believable and fun. The film manages to be attractive and interesting in this question, but, as mentioned above, the authors seem to have swung a little too far. This led to some very unrealistic behavior of the character to the end to withstand the surging conflicts. Prior to that, throwing the ball at a time when manufacturers could really show shine, taking the film to another level of evaluation. <br /> <br /> Even if the film is not a single point is really trying to be a deep part of the drama, the installation has a huge potential in the story becomes frustrated when "the ball falls." Thus, the film moves from being good and reflect comedy standard cliche that becomes funny in its happy end. Nothing left in Hollywood, as the end. Thus, even if the story is engaging and one can digest a large amount of installation, one can not help but roll his eyes in the direction of resolution. Personally, I was close to shouting "finish already !!" on the screen. <br /> <br /> There were some decent action in the film, and the two young women are central characters had a few good moments. As their parents and other bi-characters. However, the beautiful Irish coach inconvenient part of the action, which allows the film down quite a bit from the point of view of realism. He did not even seem very nice, but the very participation, in spite of his good works, which makes the coming conflict between the girls seem a little tense. <br /> <br /> I give the film 4, as it was to study the history, and they were looking for a good perspective to approach the subject with. The script and the cast was a lot of good believable characters, giving viewers the opportunity to recognize either himself or others. If LET-downs is not a disappointment, I would easily give the film 7 or 8. If you liked the movie, I would recommend the film "East is East", which I think is just as good, if not better provision of cultural conflict, as well as being fun and exciting.
