I saw the trailer for this film a few months before its release, and the man who made it look scary, especially as the film was based on real life events. I was incredibly interesting, and thought that it could finally be a decent movie horror / thriller film after many years, when the shit. Well, you know, like movie trailers make the film look better than it is: maybe, showing all the horrible details or overdramaticizing certain elements. Advertising for the film has done so, that would lead to my final disappointment. <br /> <br /> In no case is the "most disturbing film in recent years." Hell, I doubt that it was the most exciting film release this week. This film takes all the "evidence-based" thing too far. <br /> <br /> This film was not shit. I must admit that it kept my interest and Micheal Keaton was believable as a man searching for answers supernatural means. In addition, though, this movie is one big cliche. After the death of John's wife, he learns of EVP, which transmits the voices of the dead in everyday electronic devices. He suddenly gets a message from his wife! Oh, my God! It is not only his wife, having reached it, it's the other dead people. Gee, imagine that. The film is about the help of the dead people. Well, give me a break! Cliché does not stop there. There's also the obligatory stopping-hour on-on-the-exact time each night trick and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. Moreover, the film is a cliché, it was not terrible. The film literally two jumps scene, and the two scenes are nearly identical. The ending is terrible, because it leaves the door open to continue. There's also the ending of the notification message about how only 1 X heard through EVP threatening, with a good happy melody game. Way to break the mood, you guys. Jeez! In the end, if you want other forgettable horror film, see White Noise. The only reason I could think of who will watch this movie is that either that person is a supporter of Keaton or that they are interested in DSP. Undoubtedly, aspects of EVP can be a little interesting, but I do not like my concept of the movie to be stuck in my throat and exploded in my face. This film tries to be scary, original and disturbing, but it's just the opposite. You know, you have a chrome film, when advertising to use a ghost to talk about the film there. "I do not see this film is no more."
