Life of John Rivers as an architect and family man took a turn for the worse when his wife disappeared, and was drawn up dead after a bizarre accident involved the replacement of tires on your car. During the day she was missing he is confronted with a man who was next, and he says that his contact with his late wife, on the other hand through E.V.P - electronic voice phenomenon. Naturally, he does not believe in it, but then hear receiving strange phone calls from your phone, so it is in contact with the person to find out more about E.V.P. Soon John was hooked on it, but there's something supernatural, he does not like to disturb the dead, as now other then contact his wife, white noise, predicting events before they happen. <br /> <br /> Since this DVD sitting on my shelf for a while now, I thought I better get around to see this, because it is not my copy. But again, I do not think that the owners were in a hurry to get it back, because they do not ask me about it. Oh, well. So I decided to let him play, I was in the mood undemanding. Having heard and read all of the bad press on it, I do not even remotely good was not expecting, but I kept entertained for 90 minutes. Well, even more so in 60 minutes as the last half an hour, an hour was largely a blur of confusion. The film is never as good as it could be, but the time blew quickly enough, although it's pretty cool supernatural thriller. I thought that it was not all waste. The first hour I found some effective sequences is quite interesting and has a terrible fear generated by the slow progression of fine silence and the tragedy that haunts you, but unfortunately, that comes to a crashing halt later in the film. It is predictable when forced to jump scares come into their own and somehow it just does not fit the context. It gets pretty hectic, loud and very intricate editing MTV style camcorder and kinetic work that gets to close to the action. I could not understand what happens in a volatile and dramatic climax. All explanations, all fit into the overall picture of a pure fake. It is extremely unsatisfactory conclusion, because it is something great, but the rock hits the bottom. I thought they did a great job up to this point with a spectacular lighting and camera-work. Other then the clear dramatic lighting, score kept this film atmospherically gloomy. All this is done very smoothly with its tint and fancy equipment that makes it come across as a very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the film in the technical components, rather than the expansion of the characters and the stories. There's just no connection, and a strong sense within this fragile material. After a while, he just tries too hard to convince you that it gets to the manipulative and thrills are many terrible things from beyond the grave. He had just received, and watch replays of someone watching on the television screen unclear after some time. E.V machine was the star of the show. Well, it was more of an impact than the sluggish performance. Michael Keaton is more capable actor, but in recent years it has disappeared from the map, and then it provides a small performance as dangerously obsessed with John Rivers. He really deserves much better, though. Everything else is pretty gentle and forgotten. Not because of performance, but also the lack of depth in their characters. This clunker is not bad for a start, but it does go pear-shaped by falling sharply. <br /> <br /> I do not care to see him again, and I would not recommend to anyone if you do not take a security interest in the subject and enjoy the recent crop of Hollywood production horror / thriller. It's just a shame that it's a damn over-produced Flick could not put it together well, as it was a promise in his idea and a decent roll on the arm. I do not hate it, but what a disappointment.
