Absolutely one of the worst films of the year. The plot is ridiculous, the characters are underdeveloped, and the premise annoyingly stupid. It all starts when Michael Keaton, fresh from doing nothing noteworthy, as Batman, loses his beautiful wife, the author, Anna, in a car accident, possibly caused by its management of these convertible VW bugs, even if it is to be rich. In his grief, Batman moved into a new apartment and takes hobbies: do not write anything, and then watch it. He learned about it from the very thick of the helpless man who was killed by three tall shady fellows who lived in your TV. Pretty soon he begins to see dead people, thanks to the DSP, or electronic voice phenomenon, apparently, this transaction where the dead people can send messages to people living with the help of tape recorders, camcorders, cell phones of victims ( "calling Anna cells? But she ... DEAD! ... it must be the ghost. Mhmmm. no other possible explanation. I'd better start messing around with it indiscriminately. "), etc. Why can not they just write something on a piece of paper or overturn some things to generate creative icon is not explained. Anyway, in the end, Batman learns that he really see the future, and he decides to go help this woman he does not know. He goes out of his home in the nick of time, because the high dark guys enter only after he leaves ( "D * mn it! You can travel between the living and the dead with the help of electronics, but I d * mned when we can be time! I right guys? (They nod in agreement stunned). "). It tracks the lady at the warehouse and finds that the character of the first ten minutes of the film (look, or you'll miss it!) In fact, a serial killer working on three high shadowy demon, which raiders lost style Ark swoop down and kill him, watching cartoons that they have. Only then some detectives show up and save the lady. After the funeral, Batman, he decides to send a message of apology from beyond the grave of his son for being an idiot, apparently feeling that the best way to protect your child from the EVP of horror, to put it on him. A small child simply smiles. Nothing phase, dude, not even when his father, Batman, of course, starts to speak with a TV. The high point of the film was when someone rang the phone and some guy shouted: "This is Anna!"
