Casting a bone to pick: David Jannsen had 38 plays a father Robert Drivas, who was then 31 (yes, I realize that it has to be just out of college, but clues in the script had to be a bum, so he was probably 24 - 25 in the script --- that still puts Jannsen in parenting classes in high school). I believe that the AMA has written a medical miracle in their 1938 in the field of medicine. This film has not aged very well at all, and now it is the main attraction only to see a snapshot of Sin City, about 1969, and all continuous smoke, strange hair (Drivas has nuclear crest over that makes him look like a good -groomed hip Cousin It) and trendy fashions that go along with it. If anyone remembers, LV was not quite London ... city pampered populace and eccentric players in those days. Drivas off as sexually ambiguous; his father believes he may be gay (in a sad irony, Drivas he died of AIDS at the age of 47 years) and a soap conflict of generation gap problem (ahem, as if one can be called a gap of 7 years). Sonny boy wants to be his own man, and the father wants to pull him into the casino (Caesar Palace!), And runs it with the girls (including the stratum for the money Eddie Williams). It is interesting that the son does not seem to mind the thought of how gays --- unusual for that time and Lovely Brenda Vaccarro is not far from platonic swoon over him. That was already limping badly --- just what you need to pull the audience for «R» rating in the first days of the MPAA rating system (which was then G-M-R [16] - and X). HORRIBLE editing is stupid-stupid imposing Committee (and the end of the 60 neo-Avante-garde comedy troupe, mercifully lost from the card for a few years) on. Don Rickles on board as a blackjack dealer ... it would seem, to prepare him for the role as a floor manager in a much better casino two decades later. Do not give anything away, but they had to deal with the character of Mr. Rickles with a power tool and a hole in the desert then. Curiosity at best, far from the usual caliber of Joshua Logan work. Dos / Dias. Now go watch Casino again ...
