New York, I Love You, or rather should, be called Manhattan, I love to look at your people Sometimes love is a true example of the difference between telling a story and tell the situation. Case in point, consider two of the segments in the film, one where Ethan Hawke lights for a woman on the street and continued to communicate with her with disgusting sexy talk and the other Orlando Bloom is trying to kill the film with skeptical demand from its director to read two Dostoevsky book. While the latter is not a great story by any stretch, it's at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, as the composer was trying to kill gets Dostoyevky dumped in his lap, and finally gets some help (and, maybe something else) from the girl, he said, as a link between him and the director. The scene Ethan Hawke, however, nothing of the sort, and feels like it as a fluke or added director filmmaker calling him (or, for that matter, Hawk with a combo before sunrise and Reality Bites). <, Br /> <br /> that annoying about the film as a whole saw a few stories that make the job really well to go up against one or two possible "stories" and then the rest of the situations that unfold that are made to connect or overlap with each other (ie bits with Bradley Cooper, De Matteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, and so on). It's not even so much that a film set almost always * Manhattan *, rather than in New York City in Queens or Staten Island or the Bronx (not even, say, Harlem and Washington Heights) - lacks a lot of variety, as some. This lack of imagination that one found in spades, for better or worse, in J'taime Paris. It basically got little to do with New York, except for passing references, and at worst (segment Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf) is incomprehensible at a level that is appalling. <br /> <br /> So, in principle, be expected to TVs and do everything possible to sink in and out of the film - in, then there are three scenes: the aforementioned segment Bloom / Christina Ricci, charming; Brett Ratner directed segment (as, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with very amusing history taking adolescent girls in a wheelchair on the outlet come only at great big turn; and Eli Wallach and Leachman as a favorite pretty old couple that runs along in Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can be omitted, even Natalie Portman's directorial debut, and the return of the Hughes brothers (only once, Alan) on the screen. Mixed bag gently put it: it is like searching through a bag full of mixed nuts peanut bad to find a few nuts left.
