I was always a little in awe of Joe Dante's original roaring (1981) ?? so I was not particularly interested in testing any of its sequels; Some time ago, I catch Howling III: marsupials (1987) ?? by the same director, like this one ?? and I found it to be watchable but nothing special. <br /> <br /> the second game, however, has a rather bad reputation, and I knew that a good time watching it ?? if mostly fall in the form of expensive, but pompous horror icon Christopher Lee writhing in the midst of all this (elegantly years star pathetically claimed several times in an interview that he had not appeared in the horror-oriented fare, as his last picture for Hammer Films in 1976!). Anyway, this movie should be subtitled "Your film is a Turd" ?? being amazingly inept in all departments (starting with all major werewolf makeup)! <br /> <br /> The plot (and dialogue), not only scary, but it has limpest connection with the film Dante ?? oddly enough, the author of the original novel, Harry Brandner co-wrote it myself! Nevertheless, one of the undisputed highlights (er ... low point) of the film is meaningless elliptical editing ?? trying to give the overall similarity of style, but only serves to highlight the in his embarrassment factor! Similarly, linden (and the grid) are false transitions between scenes, the senseless punk-rock song, and shoddy special effects in the climax! <br /> <br /> What about the characters, ? then: Lee is an expert werewolf, of course, that everyone thinks ?? crazy until they come into contact with the monsters, that is, at least, though, one has to admire the ingenuity of the Creator (or arrogance) in the development of the stupid subtitle double meaning! By the way, Sybil Danning (as Stirba, Werewolf Bitch ?? subtitles, by which it is known, in the UK!) Fully sample an assortment of outrageous clothes S & M ... but her character is not actually given anything in common (except preside over her brood of followers and engage in hilarious episodic lycanthropy three-way sex!); two of her growling lieutenants (one of them a black girl whore) is particularly annoying. <br /> <br /> Lee complicity on the side of good, are two yuppie hero (he is the brother of Dee Wallace character from the first film, and it is her colleague) and ragged guerrilla type Transylvians band (until now, they can usually be easily overcome quite stupid werewolves Dunning in!). Among them is a knife-throwing dwarf, which is particularly unpleasant (but, at the same time, by splitting) demise; he later revived under control Stirba, to lure Lee (making children's taunts at him all through the streets of the village) in the trap. The last scene to be a quarry for Nadir famous and a great actor ?? well, either that, or at the beginning of the sequence to the disco, where Lee made to wear a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses to appear inconspicuous among young people partying! <br /> <br /> In the end, if I was forced to mark the items in it, which were not entirely unpleasant, I suppose I could say that the basement set (in which the heroine has to be sacrificed) it is interesting that a hybrid werewolf / bat creature (animal Dunning, who likes to "inhabit" the bodies of his victims) just too weird to be despised ...
