Ugly shot, poorly scripted and amateurish changing sequel 1981 classic by Joe Dante. «The Howling» is one of only two or three good werewolf movies ever made, and yet he was "awarded" a series of unpleasant and intolerable sequels, like this one. If it's any consolation, «Stirba» is a continuation of only the name, and there is absolutely no connection with the characters or events, which were introduced in the film Dante. The plot here revolves on a bloodthirsty cult transportation vehicles werewolves ?? especially female ones ?? headed by Stirba. Stirba plays Sybil Danning, who transforms from a winding old woman in a blonde super-beauty (with large breasts) in the blink of an eye, and getting hairy when sexually aroused. Her archenemy play decent fatigue Christopher Lee. His character ?? Stefan Crosscoe ?? occult investigator who travels in Stirba kingdom, accompanied by an American couple who lost their friend werewolf cult. If you are looking for dirty baked blood and gratuitous nudity ... this is your movie. Even the smallest murder shown in detail, and we even were treated to explode eyeballs and ugly image of the dwarf, who gets pierced at a pointed fence. However, if you want a bit of substance or depth, you will be sorely disappointed. Dialogues uncomfortable and there is absolutely no stress to find anywhere. Writers are constantly confused werewolves against vampires (in transportation installations transport, garlic, wooden stakes ...) and a lovely balcony Dunning is shamelessly exploited as soon as the film's stunt. In the end credits, the shot in which she rips off her top, re-edited several times (according to my colleague, columnist Dr. Gore, no less than seventeen times!), Which is pretty pathetic and pointless. Music in the order, and some of the scenery is quite beautiful. I speak of a ferocious look statues during the opening credits and the dark dungeons of the castle in Stirba. Guide Philippe Mora is a giant mess, and ?? As far as I'm concerned ?? it only remains standing the film «The Beast Within», released three years ago.
