Howling II starts as it means to go with the bizarre and surreal opening narration by Christopher Lee, whose image is superimposed over a moving star field, oh, and the skeleton is, as for some reason. He says that "it is written for the inhabitants of the earth have been made to drink her blood. And I saw that she was sipping on the hairy beast and she spoke gold Challis full of dirty lechery's and on her forehead was written, so I'm a big mother # inaudible words that I could not understand, no matter how many times I rewind tape and tried to excuse # and all the abominations of the earth. " This opening narrative does not mean anything at all, and it's just absolutely amazing. After the opening credits, which are set we get on the inscription above the screen shots Transylvanian architecture, which tells us that we are in the "Los Angeles, California U.S.A. City of Angels. " I knew that for a long 86 minutes. It is probably not too long after the events of the original Howling (1981), and that the funeral Karen White. After the ceremony, Karen's brother Ben (Reb Brown) said in a means of "occult researcher" named Stephen Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who says that Karen werewolf and that she will come back to life. Ben rejects such folly. But with one of your friends and colleagues Jenny (Annie McEnroe) Karen Stephan he visits in his home. There Stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can be killed, he mentions Stirba (Sib Dunning), which is the queen of the werewolves. Stephen also shows them a photo taken at the funeral of a woman named Karen Marianne (Marsha A. Hunt), and that it is an extremely vicious and dangerous a werewolf who wants to Karen. Stephen says he will cola any Werewoves through the heart with titanium. Ben discovers that Stefan is, that it will be a circle, Karen, and together with Jenny, he goes to the cemetery, where the crypt of his sister to stop Stefan. However, many werewolves turn up and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survived the attack and managed to find out that Stirba can be found in Transylvania. They all decide to go to Transylvania and stop Stirba and her werewolf, who took over the world, fulfilling the age-old curse. Once there, they go to a small town called Vlkava, which means "where wolves live" and to meet with the local priest, Florin father (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of Werewolf Hunters, hey, what else can I call them? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Lyudmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Marianne, which they hope will lead them to Stirba. But Stirba knows about Stefan arrival and has plans for him, Ben and Jenny. Will Stefan be able to put an end Stirba plans for world domination? Would this movie get any more bizarre or surreal? Watch it and learn. Directed by Philippe Mora is a wonderful disarray film. This is bad edited some sequences just jump around randomly. The biggest problem is that Robert Sano script and Harry Brandner based on his novel, which is everywhere and does not make any sense to us, or to enter into any desired characters, which we like. Fortunately, she moves like a rocket, and never dull or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or weird always happens, to keep the audience entertained. Most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who like "bad" movie is right up there with the best of them. There werewolf orgies that are simply bizarre to watch. We get some interesting werewolf killing weapons. Sets and places just seem so ridiculous, and I do not know if it was actually shot in Transylvania, but it does not look like what I thought it was in the mid 80s Transylvania will. Stirba Castle is part of the dungeons of the Gothic castle and a part of a modern luxury home. Stirba and maid costumes are very over-topom, Stirba wears clothing that looks like it belongs in the S / M video and to be fair to her, she looks pretty sexy, and her assistants are poor leather clothing too. Special makeup effects range from good to bad, eye Dwarf explodes someone their arm ripped off and the priest is a creature comes out of his mouth, but it's not the film is loaded with blood, although there are many sequence effect with transformations Werewolf and attacks. There is a lot of nudity and Stirba and her minions are real horny bunch of werewolves! I should also mention the music, the soundtrack is dominated by a terrible rock music, which I hated, and I found myself turning the volume. Acting weak round and what on earth was Christopher Lee to think about when he took this film? I wonder what he thinks about it. Basically, all this is a real mess, but I found it quite entertaining mess all the same. It is impossible to recommend, but it kept me playing until the end. Speaking of which the end credits run over what appears to be deleted scenes and cut frames, it also has the same picture of Sybil Danning, taking her dress and exposing breast, probably more than 20 times! If that's your thing.
