I have to agree to add a comment here. The various reviews I have read this film compared with similar topics, Wong Kar-wai and Hou Hsiao-hsien. that is, one with an enviable fleet mandarin sweets that come our way in recent years. Unfortunately, this is not entirely true. The film plays out more like a film school graduate attempt to emulate the master. All parts have - a beautiful background, vaguely minimalist dialogue, cinematography and slow rocking male leads, in particular, conducting a fair whack of time sitting around being contemplative. Sounds good, but unfortunately, nothing on top. Dialogue lead. Actions tend to be unable to lift the symbols above type; couple and little sister, especially the poor and uninvolving. Unfortunately, when a valid character mediocre combined with classical «Chekovian» (i.e. very predictable) portion of tedious at best, and at worst painful. I could not see the "Blue Danube" river scene, for example, reaching a genre parody (though smoky looking for "spring" the sky was above the river provide a bit of black humor ...) I actually went to the film on the grounds that the mark Li Ping photographed him. While the setting is elegant and swinging the camera tries to replicate the mood of "Flowers of Shanghai", the film is not in the same league as visually. In fact, I must admit that after an hour of wondering whether it was the script or the acting that is ruining the film, I suddenly remembered that I was supposed to meet my neighbor for lunch and took the chance to get out (and I can not recall the last film I came out of). I believe that from the view that the end may have left a positive aftertaste, but I could not care until now. If you want to see something along these lines, made with real talent, I would recommend something from the two aforementioned directors, such as "Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both of which were filmed by the talented Mr. Ping (formerly Chris Doyle ), both of which are quite elaborate movies cause, the unsuccessful emulation as is. It's not often, Mr. Hoberman leads me astray, and perhaps you would like to listen to it, but do not say you were not warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
