This is the first of the "complete dramatic works of William Shakespeare's" BBC series I've seen, and when they are all like this, I could not look no more. Being an almost complete text of the play has it all "Romeo and Juliet" has going for it, is not enough in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff shows itself like a bad director, both in the technical and artistic aspects. In the first case, because he makes mistakes, even the first student film class would be wise to avoid. Bear in mind, for example, poorly edited the first shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the initial stage, or enter the cell Nurses FRIAR Laurence, asking where Romeo to be with him so much before her, she clearly sees it, even if she was blind. And in the last, because every one of the performers are carpeted, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly as I always apparent Juliet look like, and it does not seem like a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance completely lacking the passion of any kind. Patrick Rayekart Romeo worse, being not only boring as Juliet, but too old and not beautiful, coming across as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and doll Chucky. Putting them together makes it impossible to think that they feel something for each other, let alone to be major players in the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman, in his debut screen plays Tybalt, as if he was Darth Vader, which is a huge mistake that takes the complexity that Shakespeare intended, nor the character to be a hero or a villain, but all imperfect human beings. It Tybalt is so kind that we do not feel sorry for the characters after his death. As for Paris, I continued to think about the "Prince Valium" by Spaceballs. Celia Johnson only managed to make the character of the nurses some justice. <br /> <br /> At 168 minutes, this production is not able to make us empathize with the heroes, because the characters are entirely empathize with each other and never seem to believe that their own roles. The best screening even Franco Zeffirelli. But, to be fair, this is BBC one far not as bad as bad as bright geriatric version of Cukor, or a crime against humanity, that the full-length video MTV Base Luhrmann. 4/10.
