Superficically, «Brigadoon" very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris", reunited with many of the great masters and women for their prior cooperation. leading lady Gina is Cyd Charisse, one of the best dancers of the 40s / 50s movie, and in contrast to the generally higher "It's always good weather" this film gave them a chance to not only one, but two dances. Lerner and Loewe were rising team for such future hits as "My Fair Lady" and musical masterpiece Minnelli in "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli already demonstrated their joint iridescent juice perfectly "An American in Paris.» <br /> <br /> What happened along the way? Why so stupid boring movie itself? Minelli did not want to do the film, in spite of the previous warm artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Maybe it's because the conservatism of the film was just a little too much of two steps forward for MGM and one step back for Vincente Minnelli. But once trapped in this appointment, the inhabitants of Brigadoon trapped in his city, Minnelli sought peratv aryts it into something that would be interesting to specifically distract, if not make way. The end result is really a horrible sight. <br /> <br /> While it tends to be naive charm Minnelli past hits as "The Shack in the sky "and« Meet Me in St. Louis "plaid-tights wearing residents Brigadoon can not conjure up any of the illusory nostalgia for those never were-locales. His whim did not coincide with the gloss" Yolanda and the thief "or" pirates ", as the highland setting, it seems, at the same time is too specific to that Coy exotic fantasy and too general for the real human emotions. The only people who Brigadoon I at least can affect are malcontented man who tries to escape, and a hapless journey's play Van Johnson, who accidentally shoots him. Total production in the village of Brigadoon too confusing, and even the provincial attributed to recurrent form of Christianity: they seem to be positive in the pagan aspect. For example, in exchange for the immortality of Brigadoon in the venerable and most generally "good" of the city pastor he sacrificed his place in the supposedly blessed refuge. <br /> <br /> At some point, we are confident that "all that is looking for its own Brigadoon«. Suffice it to say to the cashier of the photos confirms my own suspicion is that most of us are not looking for such a kind of quasi-sickening paradise. The room itself ridiculous and almost insulting condescension, but it could work if the players were perfect. but the Kelly is the most indulgent thing about the film, and Charisse terribly miscast as a virgin optimist in much the same way as Lucille Bremer was wrong assign roles "Yolanda and PLN acts. "Van Johnson makes it the best version of the classic Oscar Levant sidekick Kelly (even lighting 3 cigarettes at one point, as the Levant" AIP "), and he gives a lot of funny moments. But he says something in itself, when the best part of a large budget extravaganza with all of MGM the best talent is thrown-off performance of Van Johnson.
