It's not often I have to give negative criticism of the film; In the end, I often feel maxim "if you do not have anything nice to say do not say that in general" is apt advice for many skeptics, we listen to every day who find fault on the things that we like. If it's all the same to you, the reader, although I have to note that with the sole exception of Christopher Walken in the recurring role of Gabriel this movie pathetic awful. I tell you this to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of quiet delivery and style Walken or liked the original "prophecy" that you will be very disappointed. If you buy it, bring it back. If you shoot it, make sure it is only ninety-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Full list would take too much time to read, and will bore you to tears, but a brief summary is as follows: once a pretty crystal clear picture of the relationship between angels and mortals of the first film in tatters. Gabriel turned out pretty painful right hand of God, he was once (and in this role he outrageously funny in the first) to a little more than a thug at the sky. As Walken is so good at playing the heavyweights (we all remember, Frank White of the "King of New York"), it is still nice, but the supporting cast is an absolute mess and unconvincing mortals and of angels, but who could not buy a clue 50 cents. If you can figure out the story you are smarter people than me is a sense that we aimlessly from scene to scene, just move the film forward to the next big line Walken in. By the end of the movie you are actually wanting to blow his horn and make the walls of Jericho to fall on the people who made it an unnatural disaster <br /> <br /> The result -. It is an insult to our intelligence, that they made the continuation of this movie in the first place. Original telling the right story, I answered the questions that should have been, and leave alone those you should have thought then. There's no compelling reason to follow this character that was in the first - was more interesting in itself the first film even Lucifer himself - the priest who has lost his faith, a little girl holding a "big secret", the teacher who protected his child than all the other characters in the future together. I feel sorry for everyone who sees this film, rather than the first, because they will probably never want to look original, and it is a real tragedy.
