Everyone knows that Gregory Visible initial «The Prophecy» actually does not require follow-up, but you also do not need a degree in rocket hanging over your tube, to understand that the further inflow of funds on this lucrative horror concepts were inevitable. Part two very prototype example for a straight to video, that is, creative and intricate plot of the original simplified a lot in favor of more action, more witty severity and many other horrible religious decorations. The only good news is that the producers managed to save Christopher Walken as Gabriel, and he delivers another nice brazen performance quickly justifies the price. If it was not for performing Walken (and perhaps a few players in the friendly actors like Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), «The Prophecy II», of course, would disappear into oblivion soon after his release. The film begins with Gabrielle literally getting spit out of hell in order to proceed with its ongoing war Heaven here on earth. The purpose of his battle, this time, to prevent the baby from the nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) from being born. After all, you see, her unborn child is the first hybrid between an angel of heaven and earth "monkey" and the birth of the higher beings would mean the death of the evil dominion of Gabriel. Thus, just as in the first film, it engages with suicidal accomplices to help him hunt Valerie and all the way down to the Eden for a final showdown. "Prophecy II» is tolerable, and sometimes even entertaining film as long as you do not make a comparison with the original, and as long as you manage to miss a few holes in the plot and continuity errors. Each time the story gets too tiring, manufacturers, fortunately always insert near-brilliant Christopher Walken moment to distract you. His interaction with the rebellious Izzy and especially his ignorance of modern terrestrial technologies often leads to a rewarding and memorable sequences. On a slightly off topic note, I often felt that ambition "Prophecy II», to look like «Terminator II» ?? resurrection Gabriel looked somewhat similar teleportation futuristic cyborg and placement of the Eden, where the final battle takes place, looks very similar to a steel plant, where «Terminator II» ended the same way. Coincidence, I suppose? In general, this is the worst and passable sequel, but still worth checking out if you're a fan of the unique charisma of actor Christopher Walken (and who does not?).
