This is one of those horror, where twenty-something to fool around with the dark arts around the campfire, getting into a lot of trouble for this. The portal was opened, containing the world of demons known as Kelippoth Sitra Ahraya man whose daughter, Summer, steals something taken from him. Summer studying a mysterious group whose identity is never revealed to fight the demon monsters. This is part of a portion which is verifiable. In any case, the three wannabee wizards who went to school together, Renea, the most enthusiastic, serious practice in the dark arts, and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (.. it's more or less a whim with them, though ..) join with friends, Jason and Ricky, a trip to the desert, where summer vanished from her home a decade ago. Opening of the website through the spoken text, written in the ancient book, the demon set free as this summer, the baby is now a warrior, whose training has led to a very fit and athletic body and skills that are needed to drive the monster into another world. <br /> <br /> low budget contains tricky, but an ambitious story, holding him in a confined environment. These young people spend a lot of time to run through the woods hoping to be fodder for cattle. As can be the case in these films, the demon is standing on the sidelines as the story develops as a summer trying to remember how it all happened, while Jason made friends, who wants to help her to recover lost time. Action shot mostly at night, making it difficult to decipher any violence. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast on the matter), some powerful good eye candy, dressed half-naked as a female Conan has, a great body, we have a pleasure to look at from the moment until the closing film. Some seem to lesbianism (.. some kisses and caresses) and spices nudity thing is beautiful, and the cast, have fun with blunt plot..it so ridiculous, that bad taste is probably suited to the material. <br /> <br /> It may be of interest for cooperation in the title role of the world to combat "Captain courageous" Christian (real name Jason Reso) Entertainment as one of the group, the substitution of his alter ego, like a chicken, wincing at the sound of snapping tree branches , Land Cannon cute as unlikely hero, Jason, in Lovestruck, naive young man whose ex-fiance, jasmine (Vanessa James) is now in love and bisexual Marlene (.. Cruelty jasmine in playing with the feelings of Jason, hiding her affair with Marlene on his knowledge), while Ricky and Renea attempt to Irevu him away from the idea that it can revive the dead flame went out, never to ignite. Demon Kelippoth mostly dark red, I think, to refrain from showing how ridiculous / ridiculously looks when presented in its entirety. Lesbian trick Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) mainly hand, their love making when alone in the forest for wood, softened down, and lit by a black night. My score slightly favorable towards him, almost exclusively due to Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, not the plot or the film industry. The film tries to please and is sold for boys (and girls who love hot woman). I think, though, for the most part, the humor falls a bit flat.
