This, of course, a wonderful way to promote the film, on which rested a lot. And it seems like a simple suicide from the studio, considering that (1) the strife between the cast were well known long before the movie. (2) The enmity between the Producer (Robert Fryer) and director (Michael Sarna) is also well known. (3) Cast did not hide his contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity, the daily bulletin of the many gossip maliciously reported worldwide. <br /> <br /> And (4) The author Gore Vidal hated him almost from the first day. However, the subtitle that about sums it up. Raquel Welch makes <br /> <br /> give decent performance as the world, and it looks fine, but. John Huston's very funny as Buck Loner, former Cowboy Star, which runs a fake acting academy. Mae West (in her first screen appears, from 1943), of course, rewrote part of it to satisfy yourself, and it is, as a "" hypersexuality "" (and that's putting it mildly) «» Talent Agent 'Leticia Van Allen . Nevertheless, it must set out (after a long wait for a good car in which to return) as it ever were in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his film debut) is one of its "" clients. "" John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, as a step in a short time. Rex Reed as Myron, Tara Fawcett and Roger Herren, as victims of sexual passion, are not Maira / Myron's neither here nor there. the same thing applies to the scenario, which not only focus on the main plot of the book, but it seems that with the head at least three different directions at once. Although originally part of the West was more, she was reduced to a cameo role until Sarna was through with editing. And partly because of this, it seems to be in another film. Apparently, at some point, manufacturers realized that May is going to be a big draw of the film, and, unable to replace the majority of its cut frames, they rushed her back to set at the end of filming the second of his two songs, both of which come out of nowhere. Sarni device used to throw old Footage former stars to emphasize that point, he does not work. By the time the movie comes to a conclusion, all tired viewer can do is wonder what in the hell that was all. It is not surprising that almost all of those involved in the production of felt the same way, and he died at the box office. Technically flawless DVD includes (among other additions) of both the individual comments by Welch and Sarna, each of which have completely opposite views just went wrong.No doubt that this is a home video re-release in 2001 was caused by «» Vanity Fair » 'piece, who tried (in detail) to do the same. However, the novel structure made screen adaptation of dubious affair, but with Sarna at the helm, it was obvious, 'restless' production, he has never really had a chance.
