It was the sixties, and anyone with long hair and hip, distant attitude would get the money to make the film. That's how Michael Sarna, director of the colossal flop, was able to get a job. Chamois is one of the most inept people in the highest degree ever given a dollar to make a film. In fact, the whole studio was tricked by agreeing to hire a guy who has made exactly one previous film, a very valuable 60's-hip black and white Featurette called Joanna. This film was shot in an equally mediocre actress / homeless Genevieve Waite, who could barely speak the whole line without breaking the absurd expression or bat like Twitter. Sarna, who probably will not be able to send a cartoon, not to mention the big budget Hollywood film, was in way over his head. David Hitler's book is the best place to go to learn how to fake baby horrible Sarna was able to pull the wool over everyone's eyes. If ever a historical marker indicating the superficiality and shallowness of the era, Myra Breckenridge provides that marker. It embodies the emptiness and meaninglessness excess of a decade, which is most often remembered for the big sea change in the political body. Breckenridge is the touchstone of the other, no less important veins. Watch this movie and you get a different view of the less frequently mentioned emptiness of spirit, which is so often passed for talent in these years. <br /> <br /> Many observers say that scars footage from other films, especially older ones. Some really like these clumsy "comments" about what happened in the film, while others consider them meaningless, annoying and intrusive, though, since the movie is so bad in itself, any invasion would have to be improved. <br /> <br /> In my view, the real reason Michael Sarna put so many videos in Myra Brekinridge was paper over a bottomless failure of the mind and imagination, which he possessed. That is, Sarni idea was so stimulating that he just threw these clips to fill the space and take time. They are not inspired, they were hopeless. His writing skills were non-existent, and Hitler David wisely withdrew from the project, as it may seem to the ticking bomb, so Sarni were really trying to make a film, and he could not. It was beyond his thin features. Thus, the introduction of what seems to be that one half of the costs of all the movie clip. Ghosts of writers and directors - many long gone on - were designed to remedy this disastrous flopperoo Sarni so sure as hell could not. It was then that he came up with in those days, he was sitting on the set, and I thought that for eight hours, while all the cast and crew (not to mention the producers and accountants), cooled heels and waited for something, what a great spark of imagination, a hint of originality, in soupçon wit, crackle forth from the forehead of Zeus. Um, oops. Many Zeus + no idea + = no spark millions of small dollar bills with small wings - each made from hundreds of licensing agreements needed to use clips - fly out the window. Goodbye. <br /> <br /> As for me, I hated the movie clips. They humiliated many Betters Sarna, in making fun of people whose talents - even those whose skills were not great - far surpassed the ability of the director and therefore ultimately served to show how lacking in his intuition, originality - and even ordinary competence - compared to even Cheesiest of them.
