Anyone who knows me even remotely can tell you that I love bad movies almost as much as I love the big ones, and I can honestly say that I finally saw one of the all time legendary bad movies: almost indescribable mess that MYRA BREKINRIZH. The adaptation of the bestseller Gore Vidal (he later denied this version of the film), star MYRA BREKINRIZH really a movie so bad that it remains bizarrely entertaining from start to finish. Pornographic film about a sex-change operations, and Hollywood was an absolute disaster at the box office and was literally booed off the screen by critics and audiences at the time of its release. Not surprisingly, the film went on to receive almost legendary cult status among fans of a bad movie, and I was really very happy to finally see the first time. <br /> <br /> The director Michael Sarna (which was only two other previous directing credits on its behalf at the time), it took a lot of flack for the finished film, and, in fairness, it actually does not look as if he I had no idea of ​​what he is trying to achieve. The film is often incoherent with the whole sequence edited together in a half Hazzard way that many of the scenes are almost incomprehensible. Also annoying is the trick of using archival footage from the film vaults Fox and splicing it into a picture at regular intervals of time. This means that the archives of past movie stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple tracery in recent movie scene often lewd sexual activities, and the process simply does not work properly (it has also caused a slight disturbance, as actors such as Temple and Loretta Young filed a court to the studio for the use of their images without permission). <br /> <br /> Perhaps Sarni not the only one to blame, however, as the screenplay and casting also make many viewers shake their heads in disbelief. For example, the film will ask you to believe that thin film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last major film role) can make sex-change operation and is excellent as a sex goddess Raquel Welch?! The film becomes further difficult to adhere to when Welch, Myra is trying to take over the film school from her sleazy uncle (played by legendary director John Huston), lure mating student film (Farrah Fawcett) and teach the resident bad boy school (Roger Herren) lesson raping him with a strap. Do all to follow it? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your point of view)! I still do not mention the film's top beak star: legendary screen sex symbol since the thirties, Mae West! Ms. West 77 years old when she appeared in the film (she was to retire within 26 years), and, apparently, she still thought of herself as a formidable symbol of sex, as it plays a high quality talent agent having a hard worker men (including young Tom Selleck) is thrown. As if that were not bad enough, the deaf West actually has two newly written songs about halfway through the film, and I think I may have suffered irreversible brain damage from listening to them! <br /> <br /> Of course, all this is not even remotely resembles anything that any reasonable person would describe the taste as "good", but I would give Myra Breckenridge 4 of 10, because he was always morbidly entertaining, even if I had no idea what in the hell was going. In addition, most of the cast is trying really hard. Raquel, in particular, is so obsessed with the transformation of its bad parts folded into something significant, that it alone succeeds in bringing a movie worth watching. If it only works with a decent script and a director able to, she could finally get some respect for the forms of criticism. <br /> <br /> rest of the cast is also great. Lovingly over-the-top John Huston (who actually had to send a picture) has some funny moments, Rex Reed is not not bad for an actor, and Farrah Fawcett nice blush and cute. Roger Herren too well, but he never appeared in another movie again after this (I guess he just could not atone be the guy who coined the Raquel Welch). And, as anyone could guess from the above description, Mae West was completely out of his mind when she decided to make this film - but that's part of what makes it enjoyable for those of us who like a bad movie.
