MYRA BREKINRIZH is one of those rare films that have established their place in the history of cinema at once. Praise for the film absolutely does not exist, even from the people involved in making it. This film was hated from the very first day. Although every now and then one comes across a maverick who will praise the movie on philosophical grounds (aggressive feminism, or the courage to address the issue of transgenderism), the film developed a cult of some famous flops do. It is not regarded as a misunderstood masterpiece, like Scarface, or trot to ridicule as a camp classic, as an actress. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt, the reason is that the film, though terribly challenging, entirely cute, or even pleasant. MYRA BREKINRIZH it just means. He is restrained and sneaky in the Hollywood satire, but a hollow meaningless way. MYRA takes for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes on to attack such beloved icons like Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to imply that all of Hollywood by its very nature humiliated. It seems to think that there is something in nature courageously about mocking sacred cows, but does not provide justification for doing ridicule in the first stage. The film also viscous anti-American and anti-establishment and anti-this and anti-that, but on the surface, in the late 1960s, fashionable way. Casino Royale; SKI-DOO; I LOVE YOU, Toklas and other potential hip epics, MYRA is the average age of vision hippie Dippy youth culture. He tries to cover most position that it degrades. But instead of being fun irony, MYRA make no attempt to hide his contempt for everything that comes within its reach. MYRA BREKINRIZH has humor bully; there is not one moment of innocence in it. His intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine aptly described it as "about as funny as child molesters", but it is not so friendly. <br /> <br /> For example, poor May, aimed at the film bore the West so much criticism is described as looking like everyone else, from aging transvestite to a walking corpse reanimated. Octogenarian star apparently did not know how funny she looked slutty play the booking lusting after a man young enough to be her grandchildren, or even her great-grandchildren. But director Michael Sarna should have known, but he still used it. Why? Because, apparently, it was a joke. Just as John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other artists veterans in the film, they are there only for the film can tease their age and use them to smash their film images. They are cast in insinuating themselves parody, Rex Reed, arrogant, condemned the film critic, who is cast as soon as that in the film. But the real Reed, hound celebrity jet-setting, talk shows, gossip, can be charming in a fun way offensive; but as Myron, the alter ego of the Worlds, he is just unpleasant. Again, apparently, for Sarna Reid is a joke. <br /> <br /> You see Myra Breckenridge and you do not see the actors, you see the victims. None more than Raquel Welch. No one will ever accuse the Welsh to be a famous actress, but it is a testament to her tenacity and her appeal that she has gone through this film and her career flourished. While almost every scene, Welch was front and center as a target for abuse aimed at the film, but to her credit, she gives a remarkably subtle performance. Although, of course, centered between the scenery chewing Huston and almost real West, Welch does not have to do to strike a good balance. However, it makes it awfully serious dialogue with the unbreakable smile, just a hint of smug joy that would make any villain James Bond proud. Legend has it that Welch insulted indulgent West and subjected to repeated verbal abuse on the set on the clumsy director Sarni, let alone to be specified in a humiliating scene after another, making it all the more remarkable that she was able to provide such a cool and collected performance. <br /> <br /> only intriguing element of the film trying to figure out just what the order of the film there. The whole history of fantasy fable, which must show that he has the moral deliver, but it can only be guessed at. With all his talk about the destruction of "the last vestigial traces of traditional masculinity of the race," it would seem selfish feminist. But, as a feminist, Myra terrible figure, a sexual predator. Moreover, Maira is not a woman, but it is a mistake to Myron, who is supposedly gay men. This might explain the male rape scene, as well as the attitude of a love / hate the macho hero to seemingly straight drove to grow, but it does not explain his / her obsession and supposedly lesbian date with Farrah Fawcett Mary Ann. The film is obsessed with sex, but can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution; all sex is treated as if no polluted than at least willful and degraded. Referring to the original novel by Gore Vidal is not any help, because it is as confused and meaningless, like in the movies. <br /> <br /> And that rare film that really seem to hate movies. Not only cinema as a business, but the films as part of the culture as well. The very walls of the film to the wall mysterious references to old movies, all of which the director-screenwriter Sarni approaches full of contempt. He was filming a raid on the vaults of the 20th Century Fox movie and fell asleep with fragments of old films, and not as a tribute or provide social commentary, but the mock innocence of old Hollywood. As an artist - if you want to call generous Sarni that - to make a work of art, when he hates the environment it operates in? The very effort is completely self-defeating. <br /> <br /> MYRA BREKINRIZH not seem to be in favor of anything other than just being nasty. He hates Hollywood, he hates America, he hates sex, he hates gays and straights and women and men, old and young people, and Laurel and Hardy, and, well, you name it and it probably has a scene showing contempt for him . In a very sad and unfortunate way, MYRA BREKINRIZH may be the first punk manifesto, a celebration of pop culture nihilism.
