I bought a set of 4 discs DVD for 10 bucks at a local Suncoast, which contains the movie and the other three bad horror films (including its continuation "Witchcraft XI"). So basically I paid the price of rock Bottom $ 2.50 for this film when you do the math. I can not exactly say I was frustrated. I have something for bad picture of horror, but this kind of garbage, which gives garbage a bad name. The budget can not be more than $ 1,000 (although this looks like they spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget film, but it does not stand in for quite uninspired filming. The film "Blood Cult", although not very good, was made for a very low budget and still have reasonably good operator and acting. Acting in this film is the definition of "light", especially from this muscular guy with the accent of Texas. Everyone pretty much read their lines off the page. you can take that figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script has been behind the scenes, how they perform. Did I mention that I have never seen a bad English actor. This film has a lot of bad. Although British films is not always good, they always seem to, at least, the level of difficulty, so I do not see why any Englishman or Englishwoman would volunteer to make a home video-style schlock film like this. Is Merchant Ivory to put a hold on their auditions? Usually, I think people are too hard on directors and actors. Even some of the worst films in Hollywood have a certain level of professionalism in directing, acting and cinematography departments. Even if you watch a movie like "Shine" You can not honestly say that it looks like a third-grader shot these scenes (although a third-grader could have written the script). I have seen home movies that are shot better than "Witchcraft X», and it is not an exaggeration at all. Even the blood is minimal, as the creators of the film only had the money to buy some fake blood on sale in Party City. No attempt has been put into making this movie - so let's sum it up. You get the picture. There's a lot of nudity, but it does not save it. However, I must say that the girl with the red-orange hair, either naked or wearing a neck fish meetings throughout the film, very hot! <br /> <br /> My rating: 1 (of 10)
