but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not only for the worst of the princesses of Disney films, but the worst film the company made during the life of Walt. The music is really beautiful, and the story deserves to be called a "classic". That can not in this film are the characters, in particular, the title character, who could be called only a "character" in the broadest sense of the word. <br /> <br /> After a brief prologue, the audience is introduced to Cinderella, she wakes up in the morning and the singing of "The dream is the desire to make your heart." This establishes it as an idealist (and, therefore, deserve our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script does not give us a clue as to what she dreams of. Freedom from his role as a servant? Respect her half the family? Someone to talk to, except the mice and birds? In one song (cut from the film, but especially of the latter presented a special DVD) Cinderella applies her wish, that can be a lot of it, so that it can carry out their work more effectively. You go girl! In short, Cinderella is very mild in nature. She passively accept abuse of her step-families, fleeing in her unspoken dreams for relief. It only asserts itself once, reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. For this, she gets permission to the ball when it completes its work on the house and find something to wear, a symbolic gesture which is clearly absurd of all, except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle and Jasmine have a rag? If Cinderella dull, her male colleague is not nothing but a lifeless. Prince in Cinderella receives no dialogue and almost no time on the screen. We did not give any indication if he is a good man, if he respects Cinderella or anything. We all know that 1) he is a prince, and 2) he dances well. Heck, even a prince from "Snow White" was, at least, sing a romantic song. It is not only the lack of development makes it less interesting romantic, it does look like Cinderella or climber or an idiot, weakening its already tenuous appeal. <br /> <br /> Perhaps realizing how sad protagonists were the animators decided to give too much screen time for comic film, friends Cinderella mice. Of course, these fun characters. However, if the comic obscured by the principal of, well, let's just say your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey likes to declare all their animated features as "masterpieces". While many of them there are some who do not deserve this appeal in any way. Cinderella is a prime example of this fact.
