Steven Vasquez directed and co-wrote with James Townsend, the star, this amazing little drama cum horror flick with, obviously, a very good idea and intention: to make a gay movie that takes a different storyline than the usual fare, and to make a drama that wants to be judge its merits as a thriller. So why is it not working? To start the film loses its direction from the first frame and wandering aimlessly, and throughout the film focused on the creation of a thriller, but getting to Take satisfy an audience that wants to see naked meeting. Not that this is bad: it can certainly improve some movies that were Hollywood success. The film also tries to talk about the exit of experience among young men and women, relationships, parenting, perturbed club scene with all the wild antics that accompany such events - and murder. It's all a little more to squeeze in a 96-minute film. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend), apparently a successful kid with a good friend Jenna (Sara Kelly) but he has eyes for the boy and visiting a bar, where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson) who has been down the same path and to offer assistance to Devon on every level. They bond Devon comes out and secrets begin: the boys went missing in the area, stepfather psychologist Dr. Kirk Tyler Devon (Dan Swett) is not quite what it seems, and despite the comforting mother Donna Devon (Sonja Fischer) Devon is cast onto the street because of his new relationship. It seems that Dr. Tyler is in a dark business with laborer Detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle), which, apparently, considering missing boys ... Devon collects its resources on its understanding girlfriend Jenny and her close friends and together the group reveals the dark deeds Dr. Tyler and his detective sidekick. And through all this, Donna radiates warmth and understanding, as the ideal mother of a gay boy, etc. <br /> <br /> Some actors pleasing to the eye (and there are very few eyes are not treated often!), but the extent of the action is at a low level all the time. The only thing that makes us forgive that (and in some cases it is simply too poor to forgive) is a feeling of affection on the part of all participants. Yes, this is a low budget film and so, the director takes time to learn his trade. But in the end, there is something to say about the people involved, to try to take the gay movie to another level. Maybe their next album will be more polished. grady Harp
