For the summer 1998 blockbuster BASEketball (1998) :. "This is one of those movies that are usually seen on the big screen Jumbo-Tron in sports bar during the day - when all pretty drunk Unfortunately, I was sober when I saw this movie. "<br /> <br /> So quotes the late Gene Siskel for this lame-brained, presumably yukfest, released two weeks later after much better" There's something about Mary "one-upmanship in the game during July 1998 "Mary" was a gross yield of the festival, but in addition to the numerous gags, it was a lot of heart, and that's why he was the highest-grossing comedy of that memorable summer. <br /> <br /> «BASEketball" tried to outdo Mary, but it fizzled out in so many ways that one. You take the creators of «South Park» Trey Parker and Matt Stone, who, fortunately, Mr. e for the film, but the front of the camera, the only member of ZAZ David Zucker helming the picture in desperate need of salary, and the second two Abrahams, and Jerry Zucker obviously stayed out, or perhaps warned him from the picture, a little bit is now 90 years young, Ernest Borgnine, spend your precious time in his illustrious career, died on Hotdog and sang "I'm too Sexy» he videotaped their will, Jenny McCarthy, has little screen time as Borgnine not too weeping widow trophy young enough to be his granddaughter , a large part of women's Yasmine Bleeth as specializing Awana social worker whose duties disadvantaged young people, and the only interesting and significant player in these turkeys, Robert Vaughn as corrupt chief rival, and pointless cameos "Airplane!" Graduates Kareem Abdul Jabaar and the late Robert Stack, who seemed nostalgic 1980 masterpiece and it is much more fresh humor created ZAZ family. What all these people up? Desperate cast and crew trying to repeat the "Airplane!" Humor and mixing it with rudeness «South Park», but a failure in every respect. <br /> <br /> In order to make this a long 100-minute film short, "BASEketball," a real game, invented by David Zucker and his friends in his hometown of Milwaukee, is about two lazy losers (Parker and Stone ) and a pint of a mutual friend, inventing baseball and basketball (hence the name), along the driveway of his home. Borgnine after his death, he bequeathed his possession BASEketball team, the Milwaukee Beers Parker and Stone. Of course, the game goes to the national and opponents Vaughn and McCarthy want to take ownership of the team Beers from them. But Blyth in love with both men, especially Parker, and a poor, ailing charge needs a liver transplant is going ga-ga over them. Those characters are not well developed. <br /> <br /> Now Witless fun follow. Blood, electric hair, egg throwing and shouting among them. Parker and Stone have almost killed the boy in the hospital, but he's going to make it a liver transplant. Borgnine sings and rubs ointment on the chest of freedom removed. McCarthy, who seemed to get over the death by choking Borgnine open at once, quickly massage Vaughn in the next scene. Cheerleaders dancing in skimpy outfits. There is a lot of music on the soundtrack, which plays for the hearing impaired. And Zucker makes a parody of "Riverdance" and "Titanic." Parody making is nothing new ZAZ, after "Airplane!" And "The Naked Gun" series. <br /> <br /> And Siskel, I was sober, as well, but I also get sleepy. This film has to play again and again rude manners Barroom patrons who love it as they chug down beer, but they will remain alert and awake, or in a swoon during unfunny part? If you go, they will not realize that they, fortunately, did not have enough stupidity and absurdity. Hats off to them!
