... and not in a good way. BASEketball is empty film waste in all most every way. It is an insult to all the senses. It does not necessarily bother me, I've seen a lot of bad movies, really bad movies before, and to see them again. BASEketball although this caliber of movie where you regret to spend ninety minutes of life, sitting through it. Reason BASEketball offends me is that it stars Trey Parker and Matt Stone in the film, they do not write. Any respect I had David Zucker has long been exhausted. His last movie parody lazy laying that look and feel as if they were made have not reached puberty boys snickering on the penis jokes. "Airplane" was revolutionary and very funny comedy, watch BASEketball you will be surprised to find that they were made by one and the same person. <br /> <br /> I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These people are the most intelligent and funny comedian in the main entertainment today. Their paintings and South Park episodes are relevant amusing. Every joke even fart jokes are the intelligence behind them. It's easy to forget that there is a mature way of approaching immaturity. I believe BASEketball was the main growing experience for them, because they hate the movie for all the right reasons. It is foolish to mess with no dignity or class. Parker and Stone essentially whored himself. The film plays like a 90 minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone were never great actors. They were serviceable in his films. I can not find a way to describe their work in BASEketball, except that it feels like they are spoofing spoof parody movie spoofing movie. Each line is delivered in such a stupid way winking. It's like they're trying to make fun of the worst of these types of paintings, and yet they get them in the same way. I remember an episode of South Park «How to eat with Butt», where Cartman is sitting in a movie theater watching a gross of comedy with no plot or plausibility except gross of Parker and Stone to use the same voice, which they did in this scene for all this. In fact, it's sad. <br /> <br /> And yet, it's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest gripe with the picture, I'm sitting there, knowing that Parker and Stone consciously walking this piece of shit script. I know that if they took the damn and rewrote it, that it could be saved, to the point of being watchable. There is no indication that they ever let Zucker improvisation scene. Parker and Stone are just tools in a bad director. BASEketball has some funny ideas, and I think that Parker particularly if he allowed them to Zuckers scenario could be elaborated on them anymore. Instead, we get potty humor. BASEketball not rent you can get the same laughter, watching a group of students of class joking
