I gave this movie 5 out of pure pity. My intention is not to burst anyone's bubble, because I saw how I ran the other comments that this film is very much appreciated by many. Well, it's not worth any praise, and I say this because I have seen the original anime Basilisk, and this film is a disgrace to him deeply. Perhaps when you see Shinobi alone, you can enjoy it. It's a pleasure thanks to the good choreography of battle, on the basis of imagination more than martial arts, and I agree, that their beauty is enhanced deeply. But the story is not that different from the original. Now I understand that if one turns anime / manga in the film, it is necessary to make certain changes. I did not expect to see the whimsical characters of the anime, though they have an established role, and some of them are really deep and well-designed. But I certainly did not expect to see huge changes and wrongly placed, which basically ruin the whole story. Characters that are harsh and unethical disfigured, turned into something the public would like more, perhaps. For example, Oboro, who, in the anime sweet, innocent girl, entirely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a vengeful clan leader in the film. I liked the fact that a woman is strong and avoids the limitations imposed on its age (we're talking about Japan, 17th century), but her mood changes are incredible and poorly written. Hotarubi, which is one of my favorite characters in the film, but who is not known for its child and sensitive nature, it becomes a helpless little girl, which is not only madly in love, as in the anime, but it is more or less useless in the story. I could go on and on, for example, as they did Tenzen, the worst and the most dangerous character in the anime, only weak and unattractive, or Gennosuke, a leading figure seems quite absurd and confused, not to mention, again weak. Music is beautiful and amazing image, which is expected, the Japanese movie, and I appreciate him for it. But do not look at it, if you have seen and used the Basilisk, because it is simply hopeless. Basilisk, though based on fantasy, with elements of horror and largely exaggerated beautiful and has a lot more depth to his characters, story, historical value, and it is, I can say heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time, and I could not believe he kept going after what was supposed to be the climax. Unfortunately, it hurts me deeply to judge the film so dramatically, but I advise you against it. Please, watch anime, or at least watch the movie first, and then restore your image of what really basilisk, watching anime. Otherwise, you'll have a seizure if you understand how they destroyed it.
