It seems a shame that Greta Garbo finished his brilliant career at the age of 36 years with this funny mistaken identity in marriage fuss. Coming off the success of his first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubitsch workshop "Nina" (1939), where she was a perfect discarded as a severe Russian envoy, Garbo reunited with her leading man Melvyn Douglas for Sitko level of the story, with its own game Karin Borg , plain Jane ski instructor who impulsively marries publishing executive Larry Blake, when it becomes clogged with it. Once he makes it clear that the work is his priority, inadvertently by Karin decides to pretend their high living sister, Katherine, to verify the correctness of her husband when he returned to Manhattan. <br /> <br /> It's amazing, it's boring misfire in 1941 directed by George Cukor, who led Garbo to her great dramatic performance in 1937 in "Camille", because that is how unflattering the vehicle, as you might submit to the screen legend. Only someone with a natural sense of Carole Lombard in ease and arbitrariness could get away with fraud, presented in the script on-the-numbers SN Berman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM intention behind this was a comedy and the image coexist Americanized Garbo for spectators during the war, which the studio head felt were not interested in the tragic period of the characters she approved in the thirties. <br /> <br /> However, Garbo is bad AT- ease mainly as a party girl fake Katherine, and especially in comparison with expert farceurs Douglas and Constance Bennett as romantic opponent Griselda. Taken by unflattering Ruttenberg, Garbo looks tired in many scenes altogether hideous in her hair teased for "chicas-Choca» dance sequence. The story ends with probation, but with the addition of long-term physical sequence, where Larry is trying to maneuver their skis on a number of mountain rocks, which, unfortunately, reminds me of the death of Sonny Bono. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare occurrence at this point in his career) appear in the comic supporting roles as an associate Douglas. This film is not yet on DVD, and I do not consider it a priority for transmission, since it is a souvenir otherwise storied career Garbo. She was reportedly very unhappy during the filming. I can understand why.
