You can be a little confusing when you look at it is stupid to do from the beginning, since the list of credits Susan Dey as a "special guest Star." Hmm, why disposable MOW, as it is at the guest star? Well, if you stick with it, you'll find yourself to pay attention to little else but Ms. Day is Butt, moving in colorful bikini as "The Partridge Family" House Babe frolics on the beach, to which the title alludes shaped. Derrière Susie particularly convincing when she shakes it in the chamber, to tease and tickle her pseudo unhappy brother in a mildly incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Suzie and her mascara to fight a losing battle: to jiggle-TV craze, which would put that on top of the bottom was three years away, so the sweet booty gets a minor role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman would put that in the right front and used this film as listening to a tape of Susan for "Charlie's Angels." As it is, our Susan was rejected chizkekami immortality and had to use a very commendable career played somber, neurotic woman. <br /> <br /> view of heinie Susan, it must be said, is not very convincing. The scenery is beautiful and photographed in a bizarre, hazy way, briefly fools you into thinking that there may be some quirky creative intelligence at work behind the camera. No. It's just usually suspended-contested 70 out of a thriller television, which allowed a weekly series of stars to make some extra cash (and collect the cable residues, although they obviously did not know that at the time) and show their "range. "Here we were treated to a TV scale of the nuclear family, squaring off against TV scale of thugs who can not decide whether they are a motorcycle gang or cult hippie (thus, the filmmakers split the difference by placing them in a dune gods) and I never learned one of the main lessons of the 1970s television: do not mess with Dennis Weaver (see "Mccloud" and "Duel"), only the potential for depth in this film in the above-teen son Steve's character, played by long-forgotten. (if ever remembered) Christoffer Tabor, which is supposed to be rebellious caring and can feel some sympathy and attraction to disenfranchised crowd that (allegedly) threatened his family. But Steve is playing Stan (Gosh, why do not we see more from this prodigy?), really just annoying and capricious, and not one bit of controversy when a large D becomes serious and draws a line in the proverbial (and literal) sand. For sleep-deprived and Susan Deyniacs (there has to be some of you out there) only.
