If this film is playing on television, you can save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There's nothing special that you need to see. The story of two couples from Arkansas, who go on a trip together with Renault. Couple number one Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton), who is a dealer of cars and having problems with his marriage. His wife, Darlene (Natasha Richardson), and it has a low self-opinion of themselves, and they have not been close for a long time. Lonnie was sleeping with kendo (Charlize Theron), who is the wife of his best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all go to Reno, and four of them are in one luxury suite. Roy and candy are trying to have a baby, and, finally, kendo learns that she is pregnant. But Roy phone his doctor in Arkansas and learns that he is sterile. Candy and Lonnie recognize their work and now the whole trip into chaos. This film is directed by Jordan Brady, and he made several low budget movie, but this is his first with the cast is impressive. Unfortunately, Brady does not show a lot of comedic talent, but you can not put all the blame on him. This scenario is just not funny, and one of the glaring problems is that all the characters are written down to the level of a sitcom. Just because they do not mean from the south, they have to be naive and stupid. Thornton's character does not have the elegance of the tips the bellhop more than a dollar. And the character Swayze called stupid and dumb to all throughout the film and one of the rare good moments comes when he asks all to dismiss him at least one day. Penelope Cruz pops up as a prostitute, and it is completely useless and pointless cameo. She barely said more than 3 or 4 lines! I think that it fulfills its obligations with respect to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, who is the executive producer for the film. The only person who is not really bad Richardson. We watch as she became more confident, but it's a scene in the film is very obvious and cliché. All these actors should know better, and it is difficult to understand that they all read the script and liked. It's a waste of time for these actors, but at least they got paid. As for the audience, you do not get paid so miss it!
