Slackers's just another teen movie that is not really worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) going to finish Holden University with Honors in lying, cheating and fraud. Three neighbors proudly scam their way through the last four years in college and now, during final exams, these great men-on-campus is going to be destroyed by the most unexpected dudes in school. The plot is very stupid, and there is no reason why watch it when your want to turn off your brain for a while. Slackers just predictable teen flick that does not really add anything new to the genre. Comedy in Slackers or at random, but there is no real truth funny or original moment in the film. It's really just a collection of jokes and some of them are actually pretty funny. Although every joke that works there anymore, at least eight, who do not. The script full penis and breast jokes that some high school and college students can use. Even if they do, they probably will not remember this movie after some time as it is not very memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays the quirky and Ethan after the appearance he had to bend low enough in some good comedy. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are other major stars, but they do a pretty poor job in this film. This is aimed Dewey Nicks, and this is his first film, so you can not blame him too much. Funny character was probably Laura obstacles, although it is not in the movie very much. The film is very short just 86 minutes long, but that may be too long for some people who do not really like this kind of humor. Slackers's not the worst movie of 2002, but certainly below average. When compared with other films in the genre there is much better out there, such as Not Another Teen Movie, American Pie and its sequels, Scary Movie 1 & 2, etc. So if you have not seen most of them, and you are looking for something new to the Slackers can fit the bill, but it's better if you just look for something else. Rating: 4.3 / 10 lower than the average teen comedy that should be ignored.
