There's a lot of films that have set the release date, only involved from spreading because of the legal mess of something, and then put in limbo for a long time. You can only wish the film is unsuitable as «Slackers» remained in a coma, he's worth that miserable. Release dates continuously moves around it is really terrible movie that so much on the radar of the BIP as it deserves. The room under the guise of Ethan kicks, horrible nerd with a frightening obsession campus Angela bomb. Ethan devilishly enlists the help of David and his friends that were fraudulent schools throughout his prospects of blackmail, to help win Angelo. I do not like to give spoilers, but for a piece of shit like this I can make an exception. Angela falls for David, Ethan deliberately screws up everything, the good guys win. This is what happens in a few words for another weary retread tires teenager gross of the genre. Gross humor funny, it always has been dated to the days of the immortal classics «Animal House», with such contemporaries as "There's Something About Mary» and «Road Trip» among dozens of others of which there are too many to mention. But if you use it as the point of the story you can only get so far, in the case of a point, Ethan Doll Angel, consisting of its individual strands of hair that he does God knows what happened to him. Nobody wants to take the witness to watch Ethan urinating in the shower while singing to himself. No one wants to look at a young man singing, "She will be coming around the mountain" with a sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for a full assault of the visual display 50 bomb MAMI Van Doren expose her breasts in 71 years. I do not know if it's the lack of harmonization of the story, which will cut scenes that have absolutely no meaning. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after watching this film, you can only wish he would come back to the profession. The worst thing you can do on any movie to make it look like you're having fun, because you detract from your goals, as well as «Slackers» makes hiding this plot outline under a pile of coarse of the gags, pointless vignette, and the lack of construction. It's like a bunch of students got drunk, took his camera and took a bunch of random shit and compiled together. If you want to see the teen gross out comedy that is really good, I suppose, "American Pie" and "pets", or «Road Trip», just something entertaining and not terribly bad, as " Slackers ». Coincidentally Cameron Diaz makes a cameo appearance in the film, just as she had done in the other bad movies such as "Milk," which examines the history of the gross humor as another story, and not the device just as if this evil .. you pass by "Slackers» at the local video store, just keep on going, and let it end up in the bottom of the shelf, as it deserves.
