I knew about the enthusiasm Romer for more recent works are those which he considered as a great cineasts, and that normal viewers are generally regarded as artistic failures (such as Renoir or the latest films of Chaplin, so, «Politique de Auteurs» also has its dark side). But with «Les Amours d'Astrée and de Celadon," it is as if he wanted to Romer, for what could be his last film, to perpetuate the tradition of the great directors who have made the last senile cinema by adapting «L'Astrée Urfé to "ridiculous aesthetic codes, a witch just look like a parody of the last films of Rossellini (in those that he made for television from Descartes and Marx's life). <br /> <br /> in his version of "Perceval," Romero refused to film real landscapes, in order to allow the re-transcription, which may have been the average age of the classical concept of things. The director apparently changed his mind when the XVII century and involved actor, dressed as 1600s farmers saying their antics text in an environment of modern trees and landscapes. But it looks even more ridiculous than Lukin and fake trees. It is not that the story itself silly, but the way Romer mixes naturalism with tricks seems so childish and amateurism that it quickly becomes unintentionally funny (and I'm not even talking about annoying pronunciation actors annoying and sad humorist tries by Rodolfo Pauly, funny soft erotic tones, music tentatives poor or strange fascination for trasvestisment!). <br /> <br /> radical aesthetics of the film, ultimately making it look like a joke that mixes soft erotic film shot for television scholastic theological discussion (sic). At the beginning of the film, Rohmer teaches us that the original French history, the region is now mutilated modernity, which is why he had to shoot «L'Astrée» in other parts of the country. Nevertheless, I am confident that the film will look more modern and interesting, if Romer could actually still shooting the same story in the modern district of the same narrative codes and artistic decisions. This film may be interested in a few historians, but most moviegoers can laugh at this last and boring film Romero.
