I usually do not write comment if there are so many others, but this time I feel like I should. I talked about the taste in another review, saying that everyone in the eye of the beholder, but when it comes to this movie if you like it, it just means that you have a bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies, I loved the "Isle of the Dead", which is largely unknown film B & W. I even loved the "Scream" and "Scary Movie" I liked these movies, because they is, if not a lot, at least something good about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the films that I have seen, because they tell a story that I had not heard before, and the majority of the directors only make movies with a good story. during the all of this film, I thought, "Where it occurs" (Even towards the end), "Where did they get these terrible actors", "whether it be a joke?" and so on? and the like. With a clear turning looming I was skeptical, but he hoped that it is possible to "make" the movie and prove that I'm not wasting my time. I was sadly mistaken. The storyline bad place to start and turn really ruined any glimmer of hope there was Here is a summary:. Subject ?? as well as the first film, which was good, it's a slow and sparse, sun audience regarding the characters or situations. Cringeworthy situations and small and completely boring and predictable. Rotation was awful, it does not make me feel a thing as agitation or WOW. Simply, "My God." There was nothing, in the amount of film that you could look back to think, "Ohhh not that smart" because it was not. The "Fight Club" is a flashback to the end that indicates the bits where the true identity of Tyler was mysteriously stated, and if you saw it again, you have seen more, it really is brilliant as it was written, directed and forth. It was pointless to attempt a strange twist. I think it was a "wild things" that had to be very bad double turn, and I still really liked the movie, because everything else was fine, and it was not too eager to be a great turn. His CI2 as the writer thought it would be best rotation ever. But actually, it's just a bad history with bad turn discarded at the end. The film ended almost immediately afterwards, with all the emptiness of the film throughout the history of Sebastian's capacity does not mean anything and scorching half forced, ending pedophile particularly young and innocent girl acting. Acting ?? the actors in this film are terrible. Almost bad «Sunset Beach». - Very corny and poorly executed. It is not even so bad it's good as «Hunk». The worst actor I thought came from Oh Adams, who played Catherine, it was brutal, miserable and poorly thought-out implementation of it. Robin Dunne was also poor. I have not seen «American Psycho II" yet, but there is no doubt that his laid back "cool" style ruined this film too. <br /> <br /> I can not even say that it is a good movie for teens as it does not exist. When my son or daughter like this movie, I would be ashamed. But they would not be in any case, because they will take all the things that make a good film, in which the film does not consider neither. In fact. I am disappointed that some of them said: "You might not be in the age category for this film, and do not like," I like all the movies now, I liked as a teenager and had a very good taste In addition, you do. think that when you reach 20+, you suddenly do not like who teenish storylines? no, I loved the "Mean girls" and other common for teenagers to watch movies and "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. There's no excuse for a bad direction, acting and script, I'm afraid. In addition, I was 16/17 I im- shynyu saw him. If anything, being older only makes you a better judge of a scary movie. I can not believe that anyone can give it a 10/10, one of my favorite «Memento» films, and I gave him 9 I know I can be better. It's a shame for this site, the people who give 10s frivolous, do not get movies / shows, and so give it a 2. <br /> <br /> anyone who like this movie really should diversify your taste, and possibly their lives, and with it to understand that this is the worst movie ever made. (Worse than the "Loch Ness») <br /> <br /> If you are not a teenager with a bad taste, or just do not have the bad taste you will absolutely hate this movie.
