Well, I'm usually not so severe, for, especially if the first film did well, and was ultimately a good movie. As for 1999, I feel that one of the five best films was tough. It was all great film must have for the original story, except to be adapted from the novel he is still pretty darn good. On to the hard 2 which was really just a knife for a series based on the movie called manchester prep. That should not have happened. In fact, after watching this film stuff, I can understand. Before it started, I was, at least, written and directed by Roger Kumble did it well. Well, one minute I was disappointed in this film. It begins with the opening of the rehashing of the original with a different twist Sebastian instead of putting nude photos shrinkage network daughter he puts his wife by the principal of the school in the catalog school naked. It would be nice if the lady does not like 50. And basically the rest of the film is a carbon copy of the original copycat. I understand that if there is nothing wrong with that to leave it the way it was. But you can not do this with the help of cinema. This is actually a prequel, I gave him a chance to see how they were, as they did in Part 1. But Sebastian is more or less just a prankster and Kathryn being himself and turning to Sebastian sexual predator he was the real story this film had no reason to do so. Whoever did the casting on this thing was far away. They could have at least tried to get people who were similar to the original cast, but no, they just hired a bunch of not very nice actors. I use this term, but I do not know why. They certainly did not do any in this film. <br /> <br /> All of this movie a bunch of one liners that do not even correspond to wit, that the original had, and some of them did, but it was only because they were part of the 1. Another bad point was in the first part of you could understand the need for them to act for your attention, because there was no participation by parents is one Teir had them in it, and they were ill-used, as though to show why a child like this. It does not work, though. The best thing though that the original cast was the chemistry they may receive you into this world. The screen tension, which was to make a film that was it. This thing is really ruining the experience of the first one stay way from this.
