Worst movie ever, this statement is that people here on IMDb often throw around. Is this a movie by Uwe Boll, Bad classics like Manos Hands of Fate, or last summer is not brain action Festival of Michael Bay, people often move quickly to a sudden conclusion that they are on board postings, that there is nothing worse in the world of film . <br /> <br /> I envy these people, because they are blissfully ignorant and do not know how deep the rabbit hole of shit film-making really is. There are movies out there so bad, so ugly, so unintentionally funny and so funny that cults formed around them, to celebrate their horror and discussion boards are good places on the Internet because of all agreeing unanimously that this film really so bad . <br /> <br /> Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Ben and Arthur, 85 minutes gay epic, which is so very bad, it is very similar to a violent car accident, you know, it's terrible, but you can not stop looking at it. The brainchild of a self-proclaimed "Hollywood actor, director," and if I could add stranded whale Sam Mraavicha this film the legendarily awful. Let me give you a hint of how the ego-driven project was. Mr. Mraovich directed not only this film, he wrote, made him an executive producer on it, threw it, edited it, and then, finally, played a major role in it. This is a man so blinded by his own ego, and therefore believe it non-existent genius, which is one of the ugliest child he will not be able to recognize how disastrous its creation bastard actually. <br /> <br /> All in this movie fails on an epic level, acting worst you will ever witness, the story of the funny, editing and cinematography is the fans, and even music, like nails on a chalkboard. I know, I went on a little tangent here, but believe me, this film is really as bad as I describe it, I would say that this film is horse shit flattened in a roll of film, but the truth is, he was not even filmed in the film, it was shot on a digital video camera, not much better than the one sitting in the closet gathering dust now. Do not get me wrong, I forgive the low-budget film, provided that the concept is interesting, for example, just as I did not like him Witch Blair proved that low budgets can still lead to atmospheric interesting film. Ben and Arthur did not have a good concept to get back, even if the film was made on a budget of 20 million of Hollywoods best actors he still sucks, the story that the brutal, and the characters even worse. One of the main characters of Arthur, who portrayed entirely except Mraavicha Sam is one of the most disgusting whining little turds ever got into film. You do not like it within 5 minutes after the start of the movie until the end of the film, which in turn hates open disgust. Apparently, Mr. Mraovich forgot that we should be rooting for the hero. <br /> <br /> I do not want to spoil all the fun destroying gut you'll feel watching this movie (which I urge you to not have to pay for), so I'll give you two hand-held light examples As shown by stupid the film, hand and soft as among the least offensive error in the film. In one section we hear one of the protagonists speak, as "they know a good lawyer and give him a call" a shot goes off and then disappears back and it is HIM they said before is really a woman, is quite spectacular mistake to make I think in postproduction. The second just seconds after watching this shemale lawyer characters speak to fly to Vermont, we then cut to a shot landing among palm trees in a sunny position. I've never been to Vermont in person, but I am sure that you will not find a palm tree. <br /> <br /> Imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretched to nearly an hour and a half, combined with inappropriate dialogue and plot, and then multiply it by 10, and it still does not fully prepare you for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the absolute worst movie you've ever seen, and imagine that to be even worse, and you still will not be on the same level as Ben Arthur, this film really bad. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, we should be happy, therefore, films like this is a real rarity. They give us hope that one day we can become filmmakers we or we can be a screenwriter. Just because we have a new found sense of confidence due to the fact that we know that we do not produce anything, whether as an amateur can be as much suck festival like this. <br /> <br /> The real worst movie of all time and has finally been found, and this is called Ben and Arthur.
