Holy crap this film was bad. I watched it as a joke. It is not even so bad that well with involuntary manner. This film seemed to be designed to personally make me angry. He has worked very well for doing it. It is as if the people who did it just took all the really annoying things about PRIEST film, added a bunch of ugly dudes, took out something interesting, funny, or even remotely sexy and smart in the fable, and then added in a pile of old rotten cheese . That's all it is. Cheese. There is not one person, this film could connect. There is not any universe, this film could take place. Why not a film like this is simply about enjoying life and being happy? Why should they do this is a stupid idea for the film is even more ridiculous than it already is? Why could not they at least tried to make it even a good movie, or even a B-movie. Now that I think about it, what they hell they're trying to do with this film? I watched it, waiting mannerisms love story, and instead I got some sad student project about some idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry her boyfriend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy everything! !! No, I'm not kidding. That's what it is. Does this sound good? This film is quite ignorant of People Christan religion, with its stereotyped all Christians to be screaming, rude and hellbent on how many people as miserable as possible. Many Christian people I know would never speak or act like these freaks. The film, however, as unjust and ignorant gay community. They must be the most tasteless processed stereotypical homosexuals from the guy on the radio this ROADKILL video games. This is so nerve wracking and simply annoying to the fact that I was not able to fully pay attention to the film. The creators of this train-wreck ship were no strategy for scenography, actions, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity, or ideas to make it interesting and entertaining. There is not even a sex scene, or at least not believable one. Jamie Brett tapestry was the only guy in the movie, which looked any good, but his good looks were sadly put to waste. This is garbage. In an ideal world, this movie would have voted 0.0. It is worth 0, once the film. Mentally retarded sister, who is blind, deaf, and have tiny bones of the hands and feet, and whose face is on her armpit could write, direct and produce a better film, and it is likely to be the best actor as well. the fact that this film there is a crime against the word "movie" itself. This film is so bad that other films should be ashamed to be available in the same format watchable. I could put the broom in the chair, and then burn it to the camera, and then stop the tape, and then replace it with a mini-x Fountain tree, and then write that I have made a film that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR, at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and watch BEN & ARTHUR. I'm gay, and I will probably be the most fun person you will ever meet, if you ever meet me, and I do not think I've ever been more offended by the whole movie, than I was in the first five seconds this film alone. If this film was a mistake, I personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's good to make mistakes," to "It's okay to make mistakes, if the error was not BEN & ARTHUR.» You know, as always saying things like, "Good things come from all over! "? I think that the BEN & ARTHUR basically invented so that there may be something on this earth, that nothing good will ever come out of. To call this film the worst movie I have ever seen to give him too much credit. It's as if the film was designed to ensure that it can apply to a category of its own. There are good movies, there are bad movies and then there BEN & ARTHUR. This BEN AND ARTHUR.
