Intrigued synopsis (each gay video these days eat bread on the cover, it does not necessarily have to be interpreted as evidence) I bought Ben Arthur, not knowing a thing about it. This is my second (and I assure you, this will be my last) buying video CULTURAL CONNECTION Q. To my knowledge, this DVD is nothing but a blatant rip-off. I do not make this observation a little ?? I'm the chief collector of video, gay and mainstream, and I can say with some authority and without hesitation that BEN ARTHUR And quite simply the worst film I've ever sat through in my life. Period. May collection boasts more than 1,600 films (93% of them on the DVD), as well as those of more than 300 gay and lesbian theme. I could barely hold every gay movie ever made, but I'm comfortable that I'm pretty much the purchase of almost every gay videos of interest that is exempt, and very often I buy a video, not knowing anything about the film. Sometimes it makes a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, it is in the water, Urban and Normal are all examples of great fun titles that I stumbled upon by accident. So when I read on the box what BEN AND ARTHUR concerned a conflict between gay lovers and the Christian right is one of my favorite subjects, I decided to take the plunge sight unseen, despite my previous disappointing purchase another title CULTURAL Q CONNECTION, THE VISION sugar plums. This film was very bad, but compared with BEN and Arthur, she is seen as Gone with the Wind. So what was wrong with Ben Arthur? A lot! Let's start with the fact that the "story", such as it was, it was completely inappropriate. This film made me almost sympathetic to the Christian Right ?? we asked to believe not only that the church will exclude a member because his brother is gay, but that the priest will actually create the performance of mobile Seisyan gay couple in order to save their souls (as it even makes sense). Drafting is so poor that many scenes have no meaning, and several plot reflect any logic, or connect to the following story. Murder and violence seems to be acceptable to the ends of the gay activist / right wing of the conflict on both sides, and the action is so bad that it is difficult to imagine how anyone in this film was hired. Characters that should be straight, almost without exception, obviously gay - and stereotypes times for loading; funny characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This film is enough to distract anyone to buy gay themed video forever, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage it has over other picture my purchase CULTURAL Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that this one has a sound with clear dialog. Hardly any difference because the script is so unpalatable that the understanding of the scenario only serves to make you more aware of how bad this film really is. This awkward Queer culture, and I'm going to warn everyone I possibly can, before they spend their money on it. At $ 9.95, this film would be a way overpriced; I understand that it will soon be re-priced below $ 20, which is still the highway robbery. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and I have never felt more cheated in my life. The only real laughter associated with this nonsense is to review ?? I saw the "reviews" for this film on many websites, and there are always one or two that "praise" director / screenwriter / actor in such a way that it is obvious that the reviewer is a member of the Ed Wood wannabe. How sad. How desperately. I just want, IMDb will allow assign zero stars - or even minus zero. If ever a movie deserved, this is it.
