If a film that deserves 0 out of 10, it would be him. "House of the Dead," redefines the term "bad movie". Other bad movies, such as "When a Stranger Calls" and "Premonition", will actually look much better in comparison with the "House of the Dead." The main "story" House of the Dead band two-decade journey to a remote island to participate in the "Raven century." If they are, they only found a few tents, bar, stage, and some bloody T-shirt. They decide to stay anyway, and they are attacked by zombies soon. <br /> <br /> There's absolutely nothing about this film sacrificial. It's not interesting. Instead, it's painful to watch because of how terrible it is. Act incredibly bad. In a DVD-interview, one of the actors claimed that Uwe Boll, the director, is not afraid to tell someone when they do a good job or a poor job in the scene. This is a blatant lie. The script seems to have been written by 11-year-old, who has decided to include a scene someone throws on his chest girls and include a fun line of "it smells like someone farted here." The characters have no personality or depth, and they make some of the most idiotic things, ever seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters also magically transform into the SWAT team to shoot the zombies. It's like they do not even have to aim their weapons, and they will automatically shoot zombies in the head. <br /> <br /> The worst thing by far about this film directing. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. Cinematography Ball is surprisingly inconsistent. His pan into a zombie, passing through the forest more silly than threatening. To make matters worse, Boll actually thought it would be a good idea to include small pieces of footage from the House of the Dead video game to movie. Quite often in the random times, you suddenly see an animated zombie ~ d get shot. It makes no sense. No one in their right mind would think that it was a good idea. It's like Boll wants to remind us repeatedly that this film should be based on a video game. Uwe Boll has also decided that it would be great to include slow motion 360 degree rotating shooting during scenes a la "The Matrix." Unfortunately, he does it too often, and every shot is nauseating. The soundtrack to the film also boggles the mind. Most of the scenes are accompanied by loud rap track. It also adds to the moved headaches caused by brutal "House of the Dead." <br /> <br /> «House of the Dead" is not bad, because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with video games. It also does not fit into the category of "so bad it's good." It nevertheless fits into the category of "so bad it hurts This movie just sucks Uwe Boll should never allow any other movie set Even his presence would curse the production for all the directors out there:.... Every time one of your movie gets a bad review, all you have to do is remember that you did not do, "House of the dead", and you'll feel much better. I'll never get those 90 minutes of my life back. To summarize, the word is not exactly I can describe how bad this movie. All involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll should be ashamed of yourself. Although what I have said, can make the "House of the Dead" sounds funny, it really is not. There is nothing about this is not funny . Avoid it at all costs.
