Okay, so I'm not a big fan of video games, but it was a game House of the Dead really enough is known to make a film with? Of course, they went so distant as to actually put in a quick video game clips throughout the film, as if to justify any particular scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same, with a hand at the bottom on screen, supposedly on their own, regardless of their weapons and sticky-ing all kinds of aliens or the walking dead or snipers, or whatever the case may be. <br /> <br /> This is an interesting room in the House of the Dead, with a large college kids (loaded with college kids, as it was the children who are able to pay some anglers something like $ 1,500 just for the ride after they miss their boat) is trying to get out to the island for what should be a rave in the year. The first thing that comes to mind about the House of the Dead after seeing it in the fact that it is becoming increasingly clear that modern horror movies have become nothing more than an exercise in coming up with creative ways to get a lot of half-naked teenagers in exactly the same situation. At least in this case, the fact that they were on their way to a rave excuse the way the girls are dressed. They look awfully silly running through the woods in the lovely tiny tops, but at least they thought they were dressed for this occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, convincingly the most interesting character in the film, of course ,, provides absolutely awful performance that greatness outshines any other actor in the film. I detest can, when well-known actors change their accents in the movies, it is rarely effective, and Howard here shows that the equally flat in order to have a well-known type of actor that he is a seasoned fishermen with a hoarse voice from year breathe the salt air. He did not even shave well. It sounded like he was eating bun before shooting and accidentally inhaled a bit of powdered sugar or something. Real hard there, Clint! I expected more from him, but then again, he agreed to participate in this mess. <br /> <br /> Once we get to the island, the film is temporarily converted into any one of Friday, 13 films, which took place in Crystal Lake Camp. Many teenagers played by actors who are too old for their parts undressing, and then killed. Nudity is impressive, I think, but let's consider something for a moment. These children pay almost two grand to go to this island to go to Rave Of The Year, did not find anyone, and say, well, who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled the stack of hundreds of his wallet to get them all out there did not think anything about it, they found a full bar and a single solitary person in sight. Here you have the input from director Uwe Boll - Ibid alcohol! They do not notice that they came to the party is made up of no one but yourself! <br /> <br /> So, not only do they start drinking, ignoring the fact that the whole party seems liberated the island, but if one of the girls goes to the dark forest to find out where everyone (by dragging one another girl, and one of the guys reluctantly together), a guy and a girl who are left behind to get smashed decided that this would be a great idea to undress for a quickie now, when they are alone. This is how they expect to find the island is empty, and now that they are resting on the people that they come with more disappeared for a while, they will have some privacy, as there is no one around. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Now for the fact that everyone hated, judging by the reviews that I've read about this movie. So, intersplicing frames from video games to movies, mainly in order to show that, yes, the film was to be faithful / literal copying video games. Of course, it was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who thought up this little nugget, but worse than the matrix style bullet time scene that were thrown in again and again and again and again. After the first time (at this point I found it pretentious and cheese for a film like this to have a shot like that, as if it was something original) is considerably more to the art of the shot, not kakoy- or dramatic sense or create any kind of stress for the film. <br /> <br /> One of the things that make a zombie movie scary and gets you on the edge of your seat in order to have them slowly but steadily moving after living people, which is much faster, but tired, run out of places to run, and with a terrible shortage of things that can help you fight off zombies. The first two made directly in the film, the children are scared and do not have much space to work with, as they are on the island, but as they caught a ride with a smuggler, they are heavily armed. And I mean that very much. I mean, these people have everything from hand grenades, machine guns, which removes much of the tension coming The Walking Dead. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno scene shredder. As the rave has never been, and I think, as Uwe Boll thought that people would be disappointed not to hear any techno music in the film, there is one scene in the center, where all the people who are fighting against the undead, and oddly enough, it turns something in the music video. There techno music blasting as shots are edited together faster and faster, until it is nothing but a spot of blood shot, basically, only about 5 frames (which is about 1/6 of a second) is flashing on the screen in time with the speed of techno music . Clever, I think, but it has no place in a horror movie, because it completely removes the feeling of tension scariness or even the effect of gross output, because you can not see any one thing long enough to react to it. You just watch these shots fly across the screen, and wondering what the hell was the director thinking when he decided that it would be a good idea to put something like that in the movie. <br /> <br /> I've seen a lot of people compare the film Resident Evil, basically arguing that it copies its premise, and they are absolutely right. I understand that, at least here, as it was not in Resident Evil, this is not some kind of an artificial virus that turned people into the walking dead, who were able to infect other people, changing them as vampires transform others into vampires. 28 days later, it was also clearly the inspiration for the movie, it's just too bad that with the House of the Dead did not make any original stuff, a few idiotic idea to put video games quick shots, on which it is based, except only in case you forget . I really think it should have been a much better movie. While it is clear that I can not say I know much about the game is based on, only the name and the poster of the film deserves a much better movie, but unfortunately, I think it is more often that not from a horror movie. It's really kind of sad when the movie comes out, so obviously, touted as no-holds-barred horror film, and the worst thing that throughout the film closing shot, which provides for the possibility of continuing.
