Lin Hollister, a small-town lawyer who travels to a nearby big city in a case involving the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lin people, despite the feminine-sounding Christian name. If the writers are trying to do vile reference to the fact that the birth name of John Wayne was "Marion"?) Hollister the first considers the death of John, was an accident, but soon he realizes that Johnny was killed. Further studies show a web of corruption, crime and fraud associated with Boss Cameron, a leading light in the political machine of the city «s. <br /> <br /> It sounds like the plot of the rough criminal thriller might have done in the film noir style that started to become popular there in 1941. "Man Betrayed", despite its subject, is more like a light romantic comedy than a crime drama. Hollister falls in love with Cameron attractive daughter Sabra and the film then focuses more on their romance a result, both the elements of uncertainty. <br /> <br /> This film might just work, if it was made in direct serious drama. One reviewer states that John Wayne is not quite true, as a lawyer, but he could not play a cowboy in every film, and tightly Knights lawyer takes on the forces of organized crime is likely to be well within his compass. Where I disagree with this browser, he says that Wayne was not Cary Grant simulator. Romantic comedy was not just on its streets. One of the disadvantages of the studio system is that the actors may be required to play any of their bosses demanded from them, regardless of whether he was on their street or not, and, as Wayne was one of the few major stars, working in the Republic Pictures they certainly wanted to get as much mileage out of it as they could. <br /> <br /> However, even Cary Grant himself could do "man be put to" work as a comedy. This is not reflected in its comic talents; a reflection of the complete lack of fun stuff in this movie. I doubt if anyone, no matter how well-developed sense of humor may be able to find something to laugh at it. light-hearted tone of the film does not make it a successful comedy; he just did not prevent him from being seriously as everything else. This is one of those movies that are neither fish nor fowl, neither meat, nor good red herring. 3/10
