Firstly, I do not know anything about "Mazes and monsters" before I watched it. I did not have any knowledge about the role controversy behind him, or the fact that it was a film Made-For-TV. When I looked at the cover (updated DVD one), I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like "Legend" with Tom Hank as nerdy hero with 1980 land enters into a mythical world in order to save the princess from evil labyrinth filled with monsters. Sounds exciting, does not it? This is what the cover offers at first glance. I got this movie as a gift, apparently on the same premise, because my aunt knows I'm in militants from medieval myth theme. And he's got Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I popped the film waiting to feel good movie with Tom Hanks in the world of the 80th special effects that would be good for a laugh. <br /> <br /> No! None of this is going on. Now, before I continue I will confess, I'm boring, but I have no interest in RPGs. That is all it is a film about so my interest in the content lukewarm at best. And M & M (copyright?) I do not feel good role-playing film based with attractive prodigy who uses his imagination to enter the world of awe. Nope! This anti-role-play a movie that has to be made to some religious folk (the same people who also think Barney work of Satan.) I understand that Satan is a cunning man, but I do not think he's desperate enough for the soul to lull fans RPG to worship him. This film THEE anti-gamer film. This is what I get from this film :. He hates the role-playing games and not only is it making fun of people involved in the role-playing game, but it makes a poor Tom Hanks insane <br /> <br /> Tom was an occasion to talk with volleyball in «Castaway», the poor guy had one, but that once made him faint pleasure, and you literally saw Volleyball as an attractive character through good action Tom. I wish I watched this movie instead. In this film, Tom pretending attacked dragon creature (it looks like a bad made the mascot for the team RPG) and has a split personality, which is terrible at best. actions of Tom only superior to make you feel bad for his character, and nothing else. I understand that the poor guy lost his brother and not right in the head because of it, so that the film does win points for what is going tragically. I'm not one for films that exploit a mental illness and the end of «M & M» made me feel like cr * p. Fortunately, I saw «Hudson Hawk» after and got a good laugh before my soul was depressed further. S, 'HH' superior 'M & M' from. ,, A lot! This is not one of the best films of Tom. In fact, it's you the most depressing movie I've ever seen him (even "Saving Private Ryan" is not it depressing). I was hoping to see the feel good movie, and I end up feeling just the opposite. If you want to watch sad (both emotionally and visually) film, then by all means look at it if this film to convey the message that it:. "Do not play role-playing games, if you Cuckoo for Coca-puffs."
