The psychology of this movie is really weird to try to find out. It is often billed as the anti-RPG film, but in fact is not so simple. Here come the apparent contradictions that make me wonder just what (if anything) they are trying to say about the game. <br /> <br /> They carefully enter all the characters by introducing domestic life, all of them who have parents who are divorced, alcoholic, and completely out of touch their lives in the course of time, except that they are tough to press them to achieve success. Tom Hanks, perhaps the worst off, but that did not work from another school, and still has to deal with a brother who had disappeared and might be dead. <br /> <br /> He mentioned several times that they play the game, to work through problems in their real life. And indeed, in the end, when they go to see Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and balanced, embarking on his adult career, the problems are solved, the game eradicate (Daniel does not even want to design computer games more), and even Robbie's mother, who was constantly drunk and unhappy suddenly Happy Housewife, looking fresh and bright and arranging flowers. <br /> <br /> Of course, Jay suddenly (and quite fun, I think) decides to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be full, because it is a lonely boy genius who can not get a date, not because its character dies, as in the famous Jack tract Chick (what happens after that, in any case, and it almost seems that he is doing it on purpose, so that he could finish the game Daniels and make it all come to play it. in fact, the prospect of the role of live-action play in the caves seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing himself!) and that may be the coolest same Vai picture the scene in the whole film, Kate looks very sample in chain mail, looking directly into the camera and says something like, "these terrible monsters are those in our minds.» <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element this film two bullies who held up a pair of rich, so that they could rob dirty, homeless looking guy with his magic beans. The recurring theme (and «The Way We Were» for 80 years) may have been the bitter end, but as a way to start a movie downright upsetting and it seems ridiculous. And for one of the last mysteries of our hero, dressed in full regalia Pardu has a psychotic break, completely becomes his character and goes in search of him, so of course, the first thing he does is to change in the 20th century street clothes. <br /> <br /> So it may be a film of the irrational, but I believe that it deals with the theme of the irrational. In those days, range of children with dice and pencils was regarded as spoiled and perhaps possessed, and you could go crazy when they said their fetish for you. Anti-games paranoia largely summed up in the first scene, where a reporter asked the police what was going on, the police said the children lost in the tunnels and there is a chance Mazes and Monsters some way involved. The reporter recognizes that the vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows his own children to play), and then turns to the camera and wound polished misadventures that blame game for everything and does not admit any possibility of another explanation. In the end, not his masterpiece, but it is interesting as a made for TV movies go.
