A few weeks ago, the German broadcaster «SAT1" advertised this film as «TV-Event of the Year." - Sorry, but I've seen the best thing on TV this year <br /> <br /> I have not done a lot of thinking about the movie, but I soon remembered the other two terrible movies when I was watching a commercial, namely - Titanic and Pearl -Harbar because the picture looked so familiar:? the «character» (if I can really call it that) in the middle and its two "beloved-ones" next to her - Pearl Harbor, who is actually a love story with ' is a poor man's version of the one at Pearl Harbor, and that one was already poor! <br /> <br /> But, as I like to watch movies and to analyze in their samples I finally decided to see what rubbish film begins with the doctor left his family for a military strike against Russia towards the end of the Third Reich, and promised his wife that he would return Now fast forward to the spring of 1948:.. Germany was defeated and allies and Russia took over the country, and they are trying to eliminate each other for world power and ideology: capitalism versus communism Well, I think you already know the story, because you need to know this - film does not really bother him. and in the literal sense takes a dump on historical facts. The film is trying to portray the US government, like the angels, and completely ignores the contribution of other countries in air transport, especially the UK, which was responsible for nearly a quarter ration, despite his country was bombed out of the country, they are trying to help. <br /> <br /> which is also very annoying were the historical remarks said people in the movies, as when the heroine's mother tells her daughter that Germany can be parted into two parts with an answer like: "That's impossible," or when Stalin (where director thought we would just follow the same mustache looking at the actor, and he would like him) said that Russia should stop "Coca-Cola" from spreading in Germany. Yes that's right, if Stalin had not said anything like that. Or is it an American pilot who says his fellow of bread, meat, and all that is possible in this - please! The burgers were invented WAY at the time <br /> <br /> In the film, you will immediately see a map showing the airlines rather strange card looks like it came straight out of a laser printer. - in 48. US General Lucius Clay, who is the main idea was to stay in Berlin, is portrayed as a man who is mean and irritable, and all the ideas that he has historically had, such as airlift and improve on this idea came from a fictitious the nature of Phillip Turner, a love interest for the main actress, which brings me to the other aspects not enough African-American soldiers in the film, as the two were in the whole film! Also, the relationship between American soldiers and German civilians are not allowed, and on the identification of relations between the US soldiers would have been sent home. I do not mean that there was no relationship at all, but in this film was the couple who almost married, if it were not for the death of a pilot in his fake CGI plane that looked awfully unrealistic especially CGI fire <br /> <br / > If it was not enough that all Americans in this film spoke German without an accent, even though they have only been in Germany for a few months - see, I am also an American living in Germany for my whole life and even I have a little accent . It was especially bad as the child acting - the kids were like two expressions on their faces: «Normal-I-look-uniform as-a-robot 'grins and <br /> <br /> In general, the film was. boring from start to finish to move too slowly especially love story, which was the same as the one at Pearl Harbor, only half of the dialogue. The sad thing is that the film was very successful - 8.97 million watched the first part and second part of the 7.83 million of the day after so SAT1 receiving two consecutive wins in the total market share and huge gains in the commercial corresponding group. But, as I always think: the biggest bunch of bull crap, where the majority of flies to go.
