Firstly, I must say that I really enjoyed the previous movie Ishii Katsuhito in «Samehada Otoko in Momojiri Onna» ( «Man Shark Skin and Peach Hip Girl»). Despite the fact that the debt to "Pulp Fiction» Tarentino, Ishii in the cast was up to the task of history, and the entire film crackling energy. Scenes between Asan and Tadanobu GASHUIN Tatsuo were particularly attractive. There was action, intrigue, fantastic characterization, enough sex to keep things interesting, and totally unpredictable storyline. <br /> <br /> So, it was with a certain amount of expectation and optimism that I started watching "Party 7". And my enthusiasm was, of course, touched with the opening credits that left his wife, and I'm really impressed by how dynamic and exciting they were; a mixture of anime and live action work was brilliant! Then, the film itself has begun. In fact, it was not so much the "start" as a kind of shuffling in the side door and stand there, fumbling in his pockets, looking uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The entire film takes place in three halls. One of them is a paradise futuristic voyeur (to borrow a bit from the "human skin shark ..."), another travel agent office, and the third (and away the most frequently used) is a shabby hotel room. In this room, the cast of seven characters is encountered, and ... does nothing about. In fact. I am no stranger to the "talking" movies. One of my favorite "My Dinner with Andre," that talkiest all talking films. "My dinner with Andre" is much more exciting, and it just has two middle-aged men, who discuss their lives for dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawnee tell interesting stories. Throwing the "party of 7" just whine to each other throughout the film. "No, no!" "Yes!" "No, you really do not!" "Yes, I do!" "No, you really, really do not!" Yes, I really am ... "You get the idea, I hope. I want directer was. <br /> <br /> "Party 7 is incredibly unengaging film. There is only a flimsy subjects (money stolen from the Yakuza, the same as in "Man Shark Skin ...»), accompanied by almost no action. There's no interesting dialogue. Symbols generally uninteresting. It was as if it took Ishie idle conversational moments from movies Tarentino and built the entire movie around them. But talk Tarentino always have their own internal logic and reason ( "They call it 'Royale with cheese"). Not so with the dialogue here that sadder than you can imagine. If it had not been short, funny cameos with Gashuin (which is always amazing) and restrained performance with amazing Asan Tadanobu, I would give the "party of 7" single star. It really was a chore to make it all the way through.
