After I saw the other three, I figured I might as well catch it made for television the fourth part of the Omen series. As an independent film, this film is mediocre; but as a continuation of the 1976 masterpiece; this is a parody. The film follows the same route that many series go down when they running out of ideas; that is the idea of ​​changing male role for the female sex. It's always obvious that this film was made for television, acts as a very standard, the plot is not short of ideas and horrific murder scenes seen in the previous three bloodless reduced to a minimum. The film does hold the thread with the original, which I will not reveal how even though it is obvious that this discovery is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The plot is largely copied the original Richard Donner, and to see the young couple to adopt a child, they called Delia (not Damiella or Damian, fortunately). There's a big dog is involved, and the child minder; and quickly, the wife begins to suspect that the child may not be quite normal; because it is menstruation for eight years, and has never suffered from any disease ... <br /> <br /> The first two sequel to the Omen was not bad, and the number should really end up at number three. I think there was money involved somewhere down the line, because there is really no artistic reason why it was necessary to make this film. He brings nothing to the table with an original point of view, and the only thing that it is likely to be able to do this annoying fans of the series. The film looks like a TV movie all the way through, and for the most part plays like a movie about a troubled upbringing of the young girl. Indeed, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but it will never make sure it is the Antichrist, as her views are redundant and a large part of the "troubles", it makes it funny. Faye Grant given meatiest role, and not impressive; while the rest of the cast unfortunately agreeing to act in such a terrible waste of time. The only good thing about this film theme tune, which, of course, was torn from the original; and abuse. Overall, this film is really worth a look; since it does not provide anything that the series is famous for, and does not even do justice weak second sequel.
