and he did. It is thanks to my experience, if a horror movie reaches the "franchise" status, and the following titles will be released after all of them, in turn, are affected by one unavoidable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: The Awakening is not an exception to this rule, pointing to another small child presumably includes their role of Antichrist, predicted a religious prophecy. Have we not seen this before? Is not it enough that, in the interval of three films to this version, we have experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are an enthusiast of horror such as I have, you realize that it is typical for a horror movie that has a lot of sequels and a prequel to his credit, to disappear in redundancy - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, fantasy; the list goes on. At this point in the game, I'm sure you know what to expect when you're ready to see the fourth title in the series. Despite this, there are moments when you sit down and figure out how some unscrupulous filmmakers. Omen IV: The Awakening is just that, well - doing exercises unscrupulous money <br /> <br /> This film is nothing new or intriguing in line Omen does not offer a real and unique .. like Omen IV tries to be compared to his brothers and sisters similarity and subject device is strikingly similar. Elements such as a dog guardian, a priest involved, the skepticism of the people involved, the death of decapitation scene (apparently an homage to the original film, a journalist beheaded glass sheet) ... even to the extent of his father's participation in politics and prestige in the community makes it too predictable. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that is common will be removed B-rated actors in a horror title that far in a row, which acts on the charts, full of absurdities and unintended humor of some of the badly delivered lines throughout the film. The atmosphere has completely disappeared as compared with the first three titles. Further, Epic evaluation consists of Goldsmith was replaced by hearing catastrophe in previous films; absolute joke and made me wonder if it was actually intended to be used for the film, or simply pulled out of the "banks" stock audio ... which is really saying something, because I rarely comment on the filthy abuse musical. Number - until now <br /> <br /> In general, I would say Omen IV: The Awakening failure. In the world of horror films that carry a long list of names behind them, some people manage to hit the target, and some do not. If you are interested in creating another notch on your weathered horror belt, like me in order to complete, perhaps you could cut that title from him, as well as - if not fun, and then evaluate when the movie is done properly, or bad.
