Omen IV: The Awakening begins to «St. Frances Children's Home, "where a husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) give the girl's sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch), which they took, they call her Delia. At first, everything is going well, but as the years pass and Delia (Asia Vieria) grows Karen becomes suspicious of her death and disaster follows her, Karen is convinced that it is in itself evil. Karen then discovers that she is pregnant, but reveals a sinister plot to use her as a surrogate mother for ya next Antichrist and gets a shock when she finds out who is the real father of Delia was ... <br /> <br /> Initially, be directed Otenin Dominique Girard, who either quit or been fired and was replaced by Jorge Montesi, who finished the film, though why he bothered to guess it as Omen IV: The Awakening is absolutely horrible and a disgrace when compared to its illustrious predecessors. Scenario Brian Taggert bad it's funny, I'm not sure whether actually looked good as a written word on paper is nonsense, but there are so many things wrong with it, I think that it is hard to believe. As a serious movie Omen IV: The Awakening falls flat on it's face and it really works better when you look at it as a comedy skit, I mean the scene near the end, when the detective comes face to face with a bunch of zombie den, singing sinister Gothic song must be seen to be believed, and I thought it was absolutely hilarious and funny in equal measure. Then there's a meaningless difference between this and other films Omen is that this time it's a young girl, the question I ask is why? Seriously, why? There's no reason not used to any effect at all in any way. Then, of course, there is a silly twist at the end that says Delia was to keep the germ of his brother inside and that sinister conspiracy involving Satan group was implanted in Karen that she could give birth to the Antichrist stupid & comes as a crackpot. First, he has a certain entertainment value in how it's bad, but unintentional hilarity yields finish boredom sooner rather than later <br /> <br /> It is obviously impossible to know how many Omen IV :. Awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi but you can sort all the talk was not far behind the camera, as it is pathetic, cheap looking poorly made film that was actually made for television, and it shows with a soft, smooth and sad film and production design. Then there is the complete absence of panic, the atmosphere of tension and gore, which are the main elements that made the previous films Omen so effectively. <br /> <br /> The budget should be quite low, and the film looks like it was. The best thing is the stylish Omen IV: The Awakening is the latest shot in which the camera is lifted in the air, Delia went off to show shaped cross crucifix made by two overlapping way, but this is the last shot before the end credits roll, that says just about everything. I must mention the music that sounds terrible, more suitable for comedy and very sound ridiculous. Acting in the manner, at the best, but, as usual, annoying child <br /> <br /> Omen IV :. Awakening the trash, it's a funny film that tries to be serious and only in the end coming across as stupid. Change of director probably did not help, it's not an excuse, though. Last Omen film to date after the original The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981), all of which are far superior to this.
