Only the Antichrist could for such a disaster. One can only hope that this irony was the driving force behind the "film"! This movie was so bad it made me register IMDb, finally, just so I could smash it. What makes this film all the more tragic that it was such a great source of material! I've never seen a movie where all the elements were so grotesquely mediocre, to give the result is less than the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> This may seem insignificant, but I would like to start with a number, As the proud owner of Music degree, I must register my indignation! I was torn between laughter and the dry heaves, as I listened to John Scheffer did brilliant by Goldsmith; it was much worse than any of the burlesque scenes of death, and almost as careless comedy. This is definitely the most uncomfortable I've heard through since then, well, I really can not think about the bad. Maybe, JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> As for the plot ... I'm sorry. New Age mysticism ??? What happened to the rough realism of the original trilogy? In these films (mostly in the first two than the third, but still !!) supernatural mostly understood, and it is this subtlety that made the movie so damn plausible. Here we have crystals that follow black (which calls Skeksis and mystic !!) and inverted crucifix in wealth, even if in some scenes crucifux would be perfectly normal, but the camera angle. Gone refined psychlogical manipulation touched disease inherent in our collective psyche: his place boorish "slap" recycled clichés and transparent incompetence. Add to this lead, "actress" so incredibly annoyed that you are warmly thank the Director of the scenes from which it is absent. Never have I seen a little girl so fundamentally annoying as little Stephanie destroyed all in the family. <br /> <br /> In addition, I have no strong feelings on the subject ;-) Fortunately, the first three films nimble enough to make this train-wreck wasted celluloid irrelevant or, in extreme cases, the study of how do not make a movie. Viewer beware! May cause vomiting if you're lucky.
