After only 15 minutes in this film, I started to get bored before, more powerful films Zhang Yimou, who looked at the politics and society of China from a unique perspective. His turn to martial arts films has been a serious mistake, in my humble opinion. The hero was his worst film, as the Cougar operation with overly complicated story and acts more wooden than found in John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese films for several years (and understands and can speak some Mandarin) I am sure that my opinion is different from many others, as I come from a different background. SMMF, as a hero, is not really a traditional kung fu movie, and it's certainly not drunk Wuxia film. There's no sword and sorcery and knightly elements here. This is different vehicle than the infinitely more watchable films such as Chinese Ghost Story (only 3), butterfly murder, Green Snake, et al. While these are all signs of charismatic lead that looked like they really enjoy what they do, SMMF particularly fresh, and sometimes funny, the dialogue in combination with cardboard effect. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind man about the same as Ben Affleck. There's air advantage in this film, it's really a shame. He takes so seriously, it just becomes a huge joke to end. All the actors look as if it's the most important part in the history of celluloid, they destroy any chance of actually transported by emotion and full humorlessness it really makes you wonder, when Zhang Yimou was making the film itself, or just window (ie, "ego booster"), Zhang Ziyi. The camera literally makes her face, and she gets raped not once, but twice in the film. Its range of action is not exactly spread by her ability to play the naive "sh" itch. She was so focused on her actions, she comes across as cold and lifeless, as if she were reading his lines from a NoteCard. It's so funny to hear American critics and film people (as completely ignorant of Quentin Tarantino) called this film a masterpiece. I think when they see a bunch of Asian actors on the screen looks is really important during the flight through the bamboo forest, they were deceived into thinking that this is a brilliant filmmaking. choreography Chen Xiaodong, at the same time retaining its corporate identity, editing and posture lacks vitality and originality of his early films, like the Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the death. Sad to say, installing in this movie is really subpar, and if there is an irregularity / obvious wirework, then you probably do not take it at high speed. The same applies to the special effects, which have different B-movie feel to them. Beans, knives, bowls, darts, swords, and other random objects flying through the air (after a shot), without paying attention to logic, turning, climbing, and banking, as if there is a bit of a pilot inside. I know, that logic does not really take a place in a stylized Chinese martial arts films, but if you do not want to cause a massive amount of giggling from your audience, then you should probably work on your compositing a little more. Mass melodrama, unintentionally hilarious dramatic moments, the sad scenes of battle, actually uninspired plot twists that awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is not clear that Zhang Yimou is no longer making films for the Chinese audience. It is meant to break into Western markets as well as made CTHD. After watching the hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make movies, he's definitely off to the right start. SMMF basically Phantom Menace Chinese martial arts films. And I thought that was a bad character.
