OK, so I hired this clown-like-Chainsaw Massacre-squire-film, do not expect much, but I, as a new approach to the serial killer movie. (From the back of the box following a synopsis) "First of all, it was just a joke - the myth around the fire -. Five friends living in a remote cabin in the woods of Texas, but when they began to disappear one by one -one, replaced by scattered, bloody body parts bait and stuffed, the remaining few fight for his life. But he was there. and he was ill. and all he wants blood ... "So, it is obvious from the get go it doesn" t make sense why this clown in the woods to start for some reason why their clown doll with the word "food" painted on them??? Why, why, why? It is unlikely that either receives an answer in this 1 hour and 30 minutes. boring festival except where this clown lives. Symbols stupid guys, stupid girls, and a lot of damn shitty. One in particular, a girl they brought from the restaurant up the road, they thought that they should help, because she was getting worried about some guy she knew. Which ensures that as a reason to bring the girl in your circle of friends or cabin? She, of course, start planting seeds of jealousy, with people having sex with her, feed them all stupid minds that they want to hear. <br /> <br /> The music was in the middle of the case (standard keyboard frantic music, as in every horror movie without a difference). The actors seemed to be brought from some soap opera, they complained and whined about everything. The idea that the main guy in the film takes the girl to the cabin, as the first date makes a terrible date, but of course, it is implausible gives herself to him on the first night, got to know him. Was the budget allocated nothing, it seems, but there was a clown outfit and lots of cheap $ 1 store doll lying in the woods, which was terribly bland place to shoot the whole film (too much time has been done), I am also waiting for the clown to jump in house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the film (through the glass can be), but nothing exciting, like anything not included in the film. I think you just have to love the clown be a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give the film 3. It was an interesting premise (the clown as a symbol of Texas Chainsaw Massacre, in fact) and I will give them a major action star all the way, when the film could have been fully Video B -kina-style, but they have chosen a more legitimate video style. But ultimately, I probably would have felt again renting Klowns killer from Mars video before returning to check it out. Ah, but it's cover ... rather strange picture.
