Away from the impact of caffeine you'd expect from a film that shares its name with the most energy-enhancing warm drinks, Coffy clunks about and never really rises above simply be ropey tale of revenge. Indeed, if the film was a cup of coffee, it would be rather weak and watery, inundated several undesirable turbidity and lacking in lingering aftertaste. Sporadic it will fall into place, but otherwise it's not hot action drama he hopes to be. <br /> <br /> The plot-wise, Coffy is a nurse who takes the law into her own hands and delivers tough justice to drug-pushing, lady-Pimpin ', mob-suckers, who hooked her little sister in the dissolute, the patient's condition. Social and political commentary to the heavy urban black youth in America is visible in Coffy, and it makes for some food for thought things like Coffy crusade against political corruption and the establishment of white racism that profits and act as a parasite of the output target Africanized US minority. Unfortunately, timely messages undermined by the poor quality of the film and the lack of attention. Coffy important ideas, it's just that they are not accurate. <br /> <br /> One of the advantages is the presence of Coffy icon Black actors Greer. Greer goes to her role with pleasure and makes for an attractive heroine of the action as it shotgun down waste in its often spectacular acts of vigilante violence (as you are dealing with a house full of caps? Drive the car right through the front door!) It's just a shame, that story oscillating in cases spend time squeezing as much of sexual exploitation as possible. Low budget did not help, nor does the fact that the wave of black actors, Coffy lacks grooves. Just as problems undermine the quality of the lack, so fun and excitement and moments strung dullness and disorientation. <br /> <br /> overall result is a skilful and wood. We get hip character, but not hip movie. It's a shame as Coffy has its moments, and should rightly be regarded as the key to the movie mania black actors; she just never rises above being average, the number of heat.
