I could not believe that this film is dated 2007, it had all the looks below average seventies horror flick. Do not they have any knowledge of modern special effects or CGI?!? Do not they know that in the post-millennium violence imaginary horror- and / or the SciFi-film must be at least a little graphic? Or am I wrong goal, it must be deep and meaningful history of humans and animals associated with one another in a long series of life, or a warning to humanity not to mess with nature, or something like that ?? It really does not matter in any case it was not so, and I this film failed on all accounts <br /> <br /> First of all :. The room is very unlikely. If at this moment you are able to replace the common opinion, does not meet the medical scientist to begin his first attempt at a man with both eyes at the same time, it's not professional. And to do all this, apparently, without the informed consent of the patient? And why on earth opt for the eyes, which have a very unusual color for the people and make the victim look like a freak! By the way, I noticed that all of the wolf in the movie was a puppy as usual dark eyes, they could not have expected such a sample? History is lame, it's about this poor guy Aaron, who gets these strange eyes-grafts, which suddenly makes him feel as a donor-wolf (or, at least, that's what I'm doing of it), and then he chased some military , especially this last bit funny. I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers with night vision sight!), But because the operation is not due to sheer nerve of the patient collapse, then for me, why they 're killing him. Why not leave it alone and seek another useful recipient? (A volunteer soldier can be ??). And why try to kill all the others, which is associated with poor Aaron, this is not something that is a bit steep! Who the hell are these war in any case, I hope that it is not in the United States or the government of the army, they behave like psychopaths, walk around the hospital brandishing machine guns, raiding private apartments as they are after some kind of enemy of the people №1, and displayed during the final show-down in the woods complete absence of discipline, like a bunch of frightened students, panic and fire randomly around. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for some inexplicable reason, medical, feels like a wolf after transplantation eyes. Why would it ??? Suddenly he saw the vision of the wandering wolf. What is it? Are we to believe that the memories of the donor-wolf is in his eyes the balls?!? And the recipient of the eye balls also receives a wolf cravings for red (life) and the meat may jump 30 feet high balcony and land intact on his knees, like a cat (the wolf can even do that?!?). <br /> <br /> actions (or lack thereof) does not help confidence in all this either: all stumbling through their line like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, she can be pretty, but it can only come with a single expression ( angry) and some altruistic muttering about the power of nature, and it beats me why Aaron suddenly all over it (but hey, there probably should have been at least one love scene!). I really sympathize with the actor Cory Monteith, who seems like a nice guy with a rather handsome face, but they did not give him much to go with. He must run with a bare chest for more than half of the film, which could be interesting to watch, but then they better choose someone from a more impressive physique, Monteith really should leave his shirt. His (few) murders and attacks almost did not show, we just hear the roar and screams of fear and then there's another victim lying and Aaron with some more blood on his face and chest. Not so much for the modern sci-fi horror! The only good acting came from Justine Bateman and I really wanted to see how it has matured into a beautiful and stylish forty-something lady. She hath done what she could with her silly lines, and she even convinced me that this doctor with good intentions, but they made her character a kind of weakling who gets completely thickened around the leader of the military. What a pity that the script does not cause it to rise a little more! <br /> <br /> In the end, it summarizes how silly and rather boring film, is hardly scary or exciting, with incredible habits, many overlong National Geographic-like visual wolves running around the woods and hills (who cares?!? ), some Indian pretentious nonsense about man and nature and the uneven score with poppy songs in the most inopportune moments. I believe that the word "extra" covers everything.
