Hybrid starts as a security guard water treatment planet Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) are involved in an accident that leaves him blind. Fortunately, it just so happened that the brilliant scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman), who works for Olaris developed transplant organs from one species to another, Hewitt Aaron decides would be perfect for his first of the human experience. Hewitt and her team transplanted Wolf eyes to Aaron and he miraculously regains his sight. Brilliant, is not it? Well, there really is not so Aaron goes crazy as he sees Wolves random and begins to develop a thirst for blood. Aaron Olaris escapes from the building and goes on the run, but he is too valuable to just let go and search the full scale of the set to grab it ... <br /> <br /> The director Elena Lanskaya is another SCI- Fi Channel proposal which simply put is terrible in every way, I think it probably started life as a direct «Creature Feature», but in the end, as one of the most sad and dull films Sci-Fi Channel, I saw that doesn "even have a monster or creature. Hybrid terrible scenario is horrible and I do not even know who he was supposed to refer to. Initial installation is fine with Aaron to get the Wolf's eyes, but then the hybrid channel sci-fi elements and becomes a kind of terrible drama, she is fully focused on the mental state of Aaron, when he asks, doing nothing in particular, with some Indian women. Yes, do not you think, Sci-Fi Channel could make a movie about wolves and put loads of debris on Indian mythology, there, do not you? Dynamics characters wonder, Aaron is shown as a persecuted hero as he is the only character to kill someone in the movie and rather unpleasant, ungrateful, and annoyed face while Dr. Hewitt shows how evil scientific yet she gives Aaron back his sight and It does nothing but try to help him. I mean, Aaron returned the gift of another Hewitt villain? In addition, regular Sci-Fi Channel staple of US military intervention there, the problem is, why they want to Aaron so bad? He was not the soldiers, and while he has eyes wolves to help him see in the dark, it is completely unremarkable. The script can not make it up the mind, it is all in the form of Aaron, or is it real, funny ending badly with the half-naked (rememeber it was done for a TV set) Aaron runs through the woods with a pack of wolves installed in some terrible music I guess , to be emotional, but makes it even more funny. There are so many things wrong with the Hybrid, is slower than in hell, there is virtually no action, NO Werewolves and the film goes in a circle, trying to get into the head of Aaron has it all so funny, silly and boring, you will not care one bit and never I do not have any explanation as to why, despite only having eyes transplanted wolves Aaron begin to develop another wolf feels. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic, I have problems with the eyes, hell, I had a big surgery on his right eye, and I can guarantee you that after the operation your eye will be all proud, you could not open it and it will be It hurts like hell, but despite having the eyes of transplants as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed with his eyes is perfect NO swelling or redness. There are no special effects, no blood or blood or violence and nothing to excite you. In fact, now I think about it there is nothing even remotely horror or sci-fi feeling about it, it feels like the uniformity of the film week. <br /> <br /> The film was shot in Manitoba in Canada, the film looks good, but it is bland and forgettable. Poor performances from all involved, none of whom I had seen before and hopefully never. <br /> <br /> Hybrid is a terrible film, which is obviously in the market, as some Werewolve «Creature Feature», but it is far from that, and most people will really struggle to get to the terrible finale, which is likely all, have you in stitches.
