The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... Scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant animal eyes and optic nerves in other animals as well as humans. Young man (Monteith) blinded conservation colleagues at work - a scientist gets a call from the doctor that the young person is a good candidate to be the first person by the recipient. The recipient is starting to become more and wolf, but the effect is nothing more than "strange eyes" and works at night with dogs! (For the full movie) The budget is too low, too stilted dialogue (I laughed at some of the absurd conversation), and acting too incompetent. Long parts of the film are nothing more than a dreamy look, terrible music clips and inclusions of wolves in the wild. For too long, even for 90 minutes, boring and devoid of ideas. <br /> <br /> The military wants to use grafts of eyes to give the wounded soldiers back to their vision, and will probably want the militarization of technology. There's a stupid scene of beautiful Indian girl () Cory, who thinks she can help, using Indian wisdom about wolves. They make love while the music is heavy on drums and Indian singing is heard - crazy, man! Love-making takes place immediately after the terrible murder - who edited the turkey? Grouchy "witch doctor" who spouts platitudes, seems to have little to add to the atmosphere, with the exception of. <br /> <br /> Here are two funny scenes. An employee in a research lab animal enters the room to find the monkeys have been released from the cells. She is frightened, looking to the left on monkeys, turn right, turn left, turn right, turn left .. it goes on for a while (who edited this ??). Run out of DAMN LAB! It was so stupid, I began to laugh. Another funny episode - our hero is at home, running away from the window as heavily armed soldiers arrive - it leaves the window open, the military guys go to the open window, look out the window, they say: "It looks like he's been here," and walk away! He went to the open window, guys !! . Crazy <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the military guys shoot machine guns again, and at times when, obviously, there is nothing - it is easier to put firecrackers, I think. They have a 6 machine guns that cut down trees, but our hero decided to fight with a knife 1 !!! Shoot the guy !! Who wrote this garbage ?? There's a senseless confrontation in the end, and believe me, I do not spoil for you - there is not enough plot to spoil <br /> <br /> I believe that it was an emergency or tax write-off. use budget balances left over from some of the best film.
