This versatile low-grade chiller has just been announced in the next DVD release, but is conceived as part of a collection of similar films that I had at my disposal, I decided to purchase it from the other channels, rather than wait for that legal exemption. Which is just as well, because the end result was nothing special (if decent weather at the same time): First, the story is rather weak ?? despite the fact, therefore, he is ahead of the vehicle Vincent Price THEATER OF BLOOD (1973) ?? but without any of the sweet appetite of the film. What we have here, in fact, this money sculptor (Martin Koslek) ?? we see even sharing his miserable plate of cheese to his pet cat! ?? who, finding himself on the receiving end of an art critic Alan Napier in caustic pen one time too many, decides to end it all by jumping into a nearby river. However, just contemplating this action, it is preceded by an escaped killer Rondo Hatton dubbed the "creepers" and, of course, saves the life of a poor guy with the intention of having the last to do all the dirty work for him in gratitude! Despite the fact that allegedly found in art circles in New York, all we really see in Kosleck work and commercial artist Robert Lowry (who holds the same color statuesque blonde Joan Shawlee again and again in mundane poses ?? like that, that art?), which is quite convenient, engaged to a rival art critics (Virginia Gray) from Napier-x! By the time the last discovered his broken spine and is suspected of Lowry; but later investigation Detective Bill Goodwin gets the bright idea of ​​bringing another critic published a scathing review of the work of Lowry (I do not know what advertising was considered sketches !!) to assess how his reaction will be violent! At the same time, Kosleck mistaken in thinking that he creates his masterpiece sculpture Hutton uniquely rocky ?? and well-known ?? a person who is, of course, attracted the attention of constantly visiting Gray (we are led to believe that she did not have enough material for his weekly column) ?? unfortunately both artist and model. It is difficult, although the vines are fully aware of how gray appearance (due to its above-mentioned ghost Chubar Kosleck playgrounds), he encounters from Shawlee ?? who at that time was a girl Goodwin! ?? apartment Lowry and Kosleck overheard talking to (you guessed it) Gray of his intention to overthrow him as a guy fall for the police, reports the slow-witted giant with its deep end ?? until the destruction of his own is now complete stony image. Oddly enough, even though it was the penultimate film Hatton's name in the credits is preceded by the epithet "introduction"!
