Like sheep, as a film publicity so often. As soon as some critics say that something new is good (ie - «Shake-Cam»), all jumping on the bandwagon, as if they were deprived of independent thought. It was not a good movie, it was a terrible movie. 1) the land? - What story? Bourne was expelled from here to there, from start to finish. This plot. Do not look for anything deeper than that. 2) Cinema? - Do me a favor! Any 7-year-old armed with an old and battered camera 8mm film will do much better (I'm not exaggerating here). This film is a tour de force of amazing amateur camcorder operation. Funny swinging EVERY (I do mean everyone) scene will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) plausible? - Oh, yes, definitely. It is a masterpiece of confidence. I loved the scene of Bourne chases (local) police along the winding streets of Tangiers market. - I was in Tangier. Even guides can not fight your way through these streets, but Bourne shook off 100 police officers with the speed and grace. Greengrass to laugh his head on the credulity of his disciples films. 4) Editing? - I do not know what the editor was when he made this film, but I want some! - Each scene is from 0.5 to 2 seconds. I was sick at the end of the film from a strobe light "scenes" effect sweeps. 5) directing? - Hmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film seems to have actually had no directing. More case Greengrass casts a copy of the script (all of two pages) to the cameramen and said "shoot a few scenes while drunk." - "Do not worry, guys, we will bind together the scenes in the editing room." The editor should be tarred, birds and put in stocks because this deformity to hit the silver screen 6) Not one, but two senior CIA operatives provide gentle feminine appeal to the ill-treatment and the concept of Jason Bourne. - to put their lives on the line for someone they could not even be sure that he was not a traitor. It is about the stupid onlookers. (While the evil male members of a CIA plot to terminate any operative, which is the same as the drop of a paper clip on the floor). (Well, all men are evil, is not it - for snags, of course exceptions). Yes, it is a truly modern and politically correct film that shows the female heroes of the day and be sullen males, as a real threat to mankind. 7) If you know that finally hits the fan, good triumphs over evil (just like he always does as well) and would-be assassin gets a drop on Jason Bourne - he suddenly feels a sense of guilt, and refrains from pulling the trigger (Yes - right ...) - at the very moment, the evil deputy director just happens to turn up - with a weapon in his hand, and he does pull the trigger. - How did this 60-year-old man to run as fast and not be choked? Miracle never stop 8) Do not worry, there is a Senate hearing and the villains involved before the courts. Well, we can not backfire, politically incorrect, CIA operatives going around shooting people, can we? How nice to see true to life P.C. The film with the Noughties. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum nonsense.
