Number of inconsistencies in this episode was higher than in the first 9. They do not go to their own rules about the spirits, where the destruction of the body makes the mind melt. This one fell a second body. This body, and Dean, a drop of about 20 feet from Sam, but then they are right with Sam. Lights go out in the unlit shelter at night, and we could still see everything. This is the night, but the light streaming through the window. Ghost, who died in 1960 make cell phone calls? Come on! There is no way Sam could get a psychiatrist to see him on the same day he makes an appointment and the doctor talking to Sam, as it was not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew that there were other bodies in storage and innocent spirits still lurking and nothing to help them not to do. It's not like Winchester boys will do things. Oh, and after crawling through the mud filled mattress and all around unpleasant asylum girls makeup and hair perfect, not a stain on a white shirt. <br /> <br /> While the implementation of this episode had a problem the room was fine, and several times I was not creeped out, but nervous as Dean sat Elicots reading magazine. I just knew that the object of so much personal ghost would bring him to his face that it violates the sanctity. Elicot did not appear. Maybe it was a mistake for such an important facility or location (eg, Elicot office) should pay spirit when living creature touches or enters. If they are separated, I want to cry ... that's how you'll die! Always stay together and watch each other's back! but they do not listen to me about The Elicot spirit and his special ability was a very nice touch. This prime-time show, but I want to Elicot horror hunting strapping the victim down and using torture apprehension crawl on us. <br /> <br /> The more that lighting inconsistencies I gave it 4 sudden darkness or the flickering light of the scene, like a flashlight flickers all that terrible. Coming lighter or flashlight animation and instantly the spirit in their face shocking. I understand that the director wants to see his scene, but then make any obvious connection or by Elicot touching an electric socket and the lights coming on. There are characters react to the petitioner without power suddenly the light in a room. Blue white lights twinkled as electric arc as well as the strength Elicot finger in. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG could have done better.
