Houseboat Horror great title for this film. It is absolutely infallible, and thus, the only aspect of the film, for which I give 10 out of 10. There are floating, there is fear, there is even the horror that occurs on floating. But if ever the subtitle for the poster of the film, it would certainly be "something shonky this way comes ... for Houseboat Horror easily the worst Australian horror film I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror movies that I ever seen, and quite disgusting attempt to film the whole solutions. The good news is that it's so bloody awful, it floats right through the area view of disrespect to the wonderful world of unintended fun. it is worth seeing * because * it's bloody awful < br /> <br /> category of "worst" happens NOT from the storyline, for the simple reason that there actually has one :. producer, production team and a rock band to drive up to Lake mystifyingly name infinity, colorful rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (Lake Eildon in reality) to shoot a music video . Someone is not particularly happy to see them there, and possibly in an attempt to make the audience favor, starts to dial them one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more puzzling, how long it takes the survivors really notice it, <br /> < br /> On the surface it looks like a very bog-state dard B-slasher movie. Do you have high-irritating youth, senior intolerance, horrible locals (one of which, on duty at the station gasoline, will easily win gurning competition), and let's face it, my killer description can be easily Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only the values ​​of operating and production have been anywhere near as good as the comparative masterpiece, which was Friday the 13th Part VII. Unfortunately, Horror Houseboat completely devoid of both these things. <br /> <br /> But, in the end, it just does what you get is so funny and amusing. Supporters of the single "The Late Show" and "Get this," a member of Tony Martin will already be aware of some of the real gems of dialogue ( "Look ... you're up bar!") At that time, the actual lyrics to accompany the music video is so bad, he It must be heard to be believed - I can not help wondering, when writer / director Olly Wood hoped that this will actually be a hit. terror cells was compared, I think B-slashers of the genre, and especially the period, but there were times when I could not help imagining someone biting into a burger off the screen and see the volley tomato sauce sprayed on a wall screen. <br /> <br /> In fact, when you listen to Tony Martin to recommend this film as a gay garbage, as I do, I do not think you will be disappointed. All the supporters of the "so-bad-is-good" terror must not miss this opportunity. If you "bar up" or not, although it is quite another matter. If, on the other hand, you are in search of true excellence in the Australian horror genre, get yourself a copy of the bright «Long Weekend» and do not look back.
