If the remake of When A Stranger Calls was obviously I was interested in watching the original. Then, when I read about the original (which I remember that my sister is completely worry back in the day), I saw that the real money on the black Christmas, who apparently beat all to "the subscriber is in the home" punch. So I Netflix, that he is at the top of the list for a few months because of his "very long wait." All this time I was getting more and more want to see! Then one day, out of the blue, he has finally arrived! ... And this is just snoring. <br /> <br /> Of course, maybe I'm high expectations, but I do not think he would get the more I have not seen it fresh. The fact that this Christmas in some Canadian college town, and there's this sorority party. We see some killer-POV shots as he goes up the wallpaper and sneaks into the attic. Thus, we know that he was in the house. Then we introduced our character ?? - Olivia Hussey as mouse, whiny, Canadian-accented Jess. Margot Kidder as annoying, obviously aggressive alcoholic Barbie. It is so annoying even her mother dis-invites her for Christmas. There is this annoying Janis Ian clone ( "Phil"), and an alcoholic mother lair Mrs. Mak, seen from the IVC from different bottles of booze is hidden all over the house. We also meet Jess highly strained boyfriend Peter, played by Keir Dullea in 2001 and Missing Bunny Lake glory, although halfway through the film, which I still ask myself: "Who's Keir Dullea?» <br /> <br /> so it seems that the house received obscene phone calls, but this was before e-mail, so that they could not ask him to send a photo. Then ?? - Well, you know how they say that this plastic dry cleaning bag is not a toy? One of the sisters said that the hard way. Do not worry if you did not catch the first 14 rounds of plastic imprisoned person troupe, he rests in the attic ?? - there will be more than 28 are interspersed throughout the film, obviously there to make you say, "Oh my God! There's a dead body in the attic! "Although after the first hour of the changes:" How stupid the police did not find enough convex-placed plastic composed the body in the attic, "especially as it is made quite clear that it is visible from outside the home. Indeed, at any time before CSI came on the air must be the golden age of crime; the cops are so stupid. Fortunately, some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> In any case, after a lot more than a darn sad human drama, the mother of the house afraid her precious kitten ascended a vertical ladder and pushed the heavy door looks like a trap, which lies on top of this (these insidious cats !), because it puts his head out there, and ends with a pulley hook into her neck in trouble. Now we have two dead bodies in the attic ?? - Hey, why do not more than 75 shots trying to cool us to the fact that now there are two dead bodies in the attic <br /> <br /> So, now the police started taking the situation seriously, and click phone and police station buildings on the street. They tell Jess and her friend Janis Ian that if the obscene caller calls back, they have to keep him on the phone. Jessica, who became more whiny, annoying mouse and keeps asking calling "Who is it? What do you want? Who are you? "After the first 89 calls, when it becomes clear that he is not going to answer her. Is not it a sign of developmental disability? Inability to obtain from the unsuccessful attempts something? And what's he going to do, he suddenly said: "Oh, hi, this is Bob from the laundry" Dumb Jess?. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, as soon as Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) up in bed with ketchup splashed on their faces (the idea of ​​this film with gore), and idiot Jesse realizes that no door or window in the house locked. Hello? You pursue or what? Then the police realize that the killer is in the house, and call Jess and told her "do not ask questions, just do as I say ?? walking to the front door and get out. "So, what moron Jess do? He starts screaming "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb? "Hey, great idea, sister. Now, why do not you go straight up the stairs, where you know, psychotic killer is hiding? Of course it does, and to see their former friends, all spattered with ketchup, prompting the audience to shout it on the screen: "There are key now?!» <br /> <br /> Now, obviously, you have to be understanding and realize that this film It was made before the movie classic Tesakov trails were firmly in place, and that it does not move at the same pace that we are accustomed to, and to see covered plastic corpse in the attic like 206 times, were probably scared back in the day and people are not accustomed to being pursued by psychopaths, so they do not think, you know, lock the door of the on the window. And they can be prone to wander up the stairs, when they have just been told that there is a demented killer. Do people see were stupid back in the 70s. We have to understand that. One of the biggest shocks in the fact that we do not even see our proto-Final Girl kills crazy. But believe that the fact is more interesting to read in this review than sitting through a movie to. Spoilers end! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, check out the Blue de Merde, my website on bad movies and cheese (with a few good movies thrown in). You can find the URL to my email address above.
