Upset was part of the selection of video movies Nasty censorship that in the UK, which was built in the 80th years. Saves the bloody things of the children hands, do not you know! I must have left many wondering what the fuss was all about. By today's standards, it is a hand Upset little tale. <br /> <br /> 3 girls go to a jazz concert ... and right away, you know, the body of the count will be quite low. They got lost in the forest and the wind gets in a car accident, which looks so fake it's ridiculous. They selected some nearby residents, who live in the woods in a terrible house. One of the girls is seriously injured and must remain at the top. Then have a conversation. Speaking about why the girls here, and how they should be on time for dinner, because the mother does not like it when someone is late. And talk. Yakkity yak. Some uncertainty is built like a crazy guy and a girl walks harassing, and someone's eyeball looking through a hole in the wall on the nice girl in something that looks like Psycho Hitchcock. I digress, because there is so much blah blah in this film, that you wonder if you are going to start killing. In fact, one of the girls gets so bored with her mind that she walks in the woods, alone, looking at the city. Smart move. She probably knew about the lonely virgins walking alone in the woods part, but did not care. More talks continued after that, we will wait, wait and wait some more until the next woman can or can not be killed. <br /> <br /> And then there's a twist ending. "It is expected" unexpected for some viewers, for other real gotcha. It is probably the only reason why someone really wants to look at it. I do not care how advanced it is, nothing in this film does not make for the most unfortunate time I watched it. Even with minimal disruption to the ending, the director is simply not what you need to really get a good history with him. This would make a much better 30 minutes - 1 hour per episode to tell tales from the Darkside <br /> <br /> If you really need to get it for some reason, perhaps just to say that you followed every slasher. movie, do yourself a favor and have a fast-forward button is ready. Since the film has so many inconsequential scenes just zoom through them, and in no time, you'll get to «WOW, that's what it was this time" ends. Yes, and halfway through the movie shower scene 2 girls pointing B bees. Horray for superposition of bees. This beautiful drone honey bees to prepare it.
