If one sits down to look upset, it's probably because it's advertising, video boxes, independently, shouting that it was banned in the UK for more than 20 years (as almost all video backwards does). It's true; operation and taboo excites people and attracts them with their promise of contradictions. Being a fan of operation, however, it was not new to me. Advertisements that scream that the film was banned in the UK is not necessarily I want to see it; in fact, the first thing that usually pops up in my head, how disgusting paranoid British censors. I came to this view, it's simple: he promised to gore, and it was only $ 6.99. Only the cost of warned me not to have any hope at this time next Halloween, but cheap upholstery of your DVD collection never hurts. I force myself, however, to watch it all in one sitting, because I believe that the decision to retain the rest for the second day makes you even less inspired to finish it. Anyway, after 90 minutes, frustrated, I found that I stumbled upon a very cheap sleeping aid in existence. I think that distributors could make a fortune when they just changed their method of marketing. <br /> <br /> circuit is detuned with any common slasher 80s. There's also unnecessary soul scene and operational gusset. That's about it. Anyway, it starts with a group of three attractive co-eds break your car on the way to a concert. Although the two of them (Terry and Nancy) in the order of one (Gloria) heavily injured and out of action until the end of the film. They were rescued and seek refuge in the mansion (which is not to have a phone, of course) with a rather strange passengers: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a man-hating mother, who constantly accuses Marion sneaking men into the house to sleep with them (the echoes of Psycho? ). She also happens to have a crazy brother Charles, who lives in the forest, because the hatred of her mother for men is so strong that it refuses to let him stay in the house. Hanging with Marion for a while, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide that they must turn to their parents. Despite the warnings of everyone Nancy boldly the dangerous forest to make his phone (it is not difficult to predict the fate of). After that, we see Gloria again, which then quickly butchered with an ax. If Terry discovers that Gloria had disappeared from her room, she decides that something is wrong with this picture, and goes in search of his missing friends. It may be easier said than done, however, with the mind Carl lurking around ?? <br /> <br /> After looking frustrated, I read a great number of reviews that said Frustrated worked perfectly, because he took the time to create your object, which created real tension until the moment of truth in the end. As a rule, I am not the soul of the opinions of others in their reviews (especially if they are contrary to my opinion), but in this case, I was so taken aback by their reaction, I thought it would be appropriate to mention. This is because, in reality, the film creeps. Usually slow tactics work potential viewers must have a strong feeling that the characters are in danger. Yes, of course, we see the two of them would be killed, but in the meantime, that the endless talk of the scene and boredom. We understand that a killer on the loose, but that is only focused on three times in the film; this means that there is no reason to fear for the victim. Instead, the event movie is not due actions of the characters, but pulled out for us eternal conversations. If there's one thing I can assure you, watching this, is that the characters of the scene just talking for 75 minutes with each other is very tiring. None of this helps, brutal action. It seems that this was yet another case of a director who needs actors and decided to gather around their friend rather than to find someone with experience. <br /> <br /> Of course, I would be a liar if I said I did not have one part of the movie that I liked. In particular, the end was one of the best I have ever seen in a horror movie; You just did not expect that to happen. Just knowing that the director had the balls to do something like that, which is impressive. Oh, I will not spoil it for you, and I will not say that the end is completely fills the rest of the film moves slowly, but it will definitely attract your attention. In addition, two other murder scenes to bring at least some rather changing the material, but not the way you could not say for sure who is going to die in fifteen minutes into the film. Everyone is looking for the bloodshed will be disappointed, however; the only scene of gore modernity. This, of course, not a single scene can not save the entire movie. I used to preach the doctrine that as long as there is an action, the worse the movie, the better it gets. Upset only captures one part of this concept. The entire film just feels Luke-warm; there is a potential well, but the director or was not experienced enough to get it to work, or simply did not know what the hell he was doing.
