Invisible Maniac begins as the young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) captured his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) looking girl (Tracey Walker) band through his telescope ... Cut in "Twenty Years Later" and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) now with 'he is a professor of physics, who claims to have found a way to turn things invisible using «mollecular reconstruction" serum. However, during a demonstration in front of his colleagues, he is not a scientist, and they all laugh at him, Dornwinkle leaves the mind killing some of them and locked in a psychiatric institution from which he escapes. Go ahead, "Two weeks later," and a group of students to discuss the tragic death of his teacher of physics in the summer, when the director Mrs Cello (Stephanie Blake, Stella Blalack) says that it has hired a replacement, yes, you guessed it, it's Dornwinkle. The student does not accept to him and treat him like dirt, but Dornwinkle perfected his invisibility serum and use it to satisfy their perverted sexual desires & desire for revenge ... <br /> <br /> Co is written & directed by Adam Rifkin wisely hiding under a pseudonym Rif Coogan (I would not want my name was Related with this piece of shit movie ever) Invisible Maniac real bottom of the barrel material. Screenplay by Rifkin, sorry Coogan and Tony Markes awful. He's trying to be teenage sex hybrid / comedy / horror that simply can not in every department. To begin with sex is not more than a few women shower scenes and a few tits pictures, not very much afraid, and the birds in the invisible Maniac not even that good looking. Comedy is lame and every joke slip by the proverbial mile, is a kind of film that thinks that someone then he struggles with invisible man or having a Henry (Jaycee Mr. Logan) dumb people trying to make a phone call funny. Invisible Maniac does Police Academy (1984 - 1994) series of films similar to the peak of perfection! As for the horror aspect, which is also inaccurate. It is also incredibly slow (it takes more than an hour before Dornwinkles even becomes invisible), matt, predictable, boring and has a very annoying and nasty teen character. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or something does absolutely nothing to try and make the Invisible Maniac even a bit enjoyable experience. There's no scares, tension or atmosphere and the whole film is a real chore to sit through. He does not do anything with the angle of invisibility, just a few doors opened by themselves as the adventurous as it gets. There is very little gore or violence, some blood spatter, more suffocating, and the only decent bit in the whole film, if someone of their heads blown off with a shotgun, unfortunately, he was not seen at the time, and we only get to see a headless torso then. <br /> <br /> budget should be low, and I mean really low, because this is one seriously cheap looking film. Dornwinkles laboratory are basically two banks on his bedside table! If he comes out of the mental hospital, he has all of the same dog sent after him, and the whole school has about a dozen students & teachers of the two. Invisible Maniac poorly made film during its 85 minutes of duration, I noticed a boom microphone, at least once ... Let's just say, the current is low, and leave it at that. <br /> <br /> The Invisible Maniac crap, plain and simple. I have not found the saving function in it at all, there are so many better movies out there, you can see why there is no reason to waste time on this stuff. Definitely one to avoid.
