Critics of the world, I'm sorry. It's your job to give advice moviegoing public, so that they could reasonably choose what to spend money. But I ignored your advice, and I was deeply hurt. However, my decision to see "Cat in the Hat" was not done by chance. You see, three years ago you critics said that we all need to avoid "death", known as "How the Grinch Stole Christmas." Then some of my friends took me to see him, and he turned out to be a colorful, funny and almost hypnotic yuletide fun. so when critics unleashed their anger against the "Cat in the hat", another big-budget renovation Susie with a big star name in the title role, I thought it must be the same old song. As I pamylyala I have. <br /> <br /> For a full five minutes, I thought I was clear. The opening credits are smart, lovely children, and the value of production at the highest level. Then the cat appeared. There are many problems with this point, but the biggest one was a bitter miscasting Mike Myers. where "Grinch" was saved inhale casting Jim Carrey, «The Cat» was destroyed by Myers. he can be very funny, when energy is applied, where they belong, comic sketches. Every movie he did it was really funny was really just a full-length comedy sketch, from "Wayne's World" in "Austin Powers." So he tries to do the same thing here, it's just that these comedy sketches look more like things that they stick out at the end of the SNL, entirely ridiculous, just hurt. Not that writers helped him any. After the prologue, the film turns into a magic hour repels bodily humor jokes, poorly synchronized deficiencies and stunted offensive attempts hip humor. This film was the most embarrassing cinematic experience I've ever had. Period. So much talent and work went into something ugly. I know that the adult stars of this film are relatively intact this mess, I just hope that the excellent Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will have a better chance to show their charms in much better films. If you are a parent, please, avoid this like the plague. With movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" is currently in theaters, you have a much better choice.
