Hellborn begins as a young psychiatric doctor named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) took his residence at St Andrews nuthouse, or "mental illness" as they like to call it there. Of the nearly 600 patients Bishop meets his boss Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) and put to work, he gets mentee "A", where some seriously insane and dangerous patient goes through. If that was not bad enough during his first round of visits to the bishop he finds the body and has a menacing-sounding graffiti messages sprayed on his bathroom. Bisque n begins to hear stories from patients about the evil habits of the store and he finds for himself a history of more than a hint of truth about them ... <br /> <br /> Known as a refuge in the United States this cursed supernatural horror film directed by Philip J. jones & I kind of liked it, but in the end were too many unsatisfactory elements for me to fully enjoy it. Matt McCombs scenario assumes a rather serious and I really liked the basic idea and some of his ideas, but there are a few things that work against it. For the beginning of the film is just too slow, the story is pretty good and does not give itself away too early, but it takes an absolute age for him to get going, and I quickly lose interest the minute. I also thought that the so-called twist ending was too predictable and the ending itself is too bland and forgettable. It's a shame because I liked the story ,, character customization & some of the ideas, but it's just too slow and frankly boring to keep one entertained for his 90 minutes of duration. This is one of those movies that I would recommend, but in all honesty, I can not. <br /> <br /> Director of Jones doing a good job, it's actually quite well-lit and atmospheric film. I would not say that there is something terribly here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was filmed in real nuthouse, but if not, they did a great job on the set and the film looks pretty good on the whole. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of gusset or action, there are two forms of hand-print and cut wounds language and what is not, absolutely nothing in terms of blood or blood baked, should go down as a disappointment. Depending on who you believe, and you read an overview of the special effects or the worst ever, or very good, and as a faithful observer of the low-budget horror I was very impressed with the effects especially the demon thing that looks very impressive and is a man in the type of suit the effect and not the terrible CGI computer graphics, although this spectacular costume. It all depends on your expectations, I suppose. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good, it looks good enough, and the lack of CGI computer effects is something I welcome. Act is not large, though it certainly could be better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me, there were some good things about it, but at the same time, some awful things that, unfortunately, prevails well. I kind of liked her part, but on the whole 90 minutes of the viewing experience, I find it quite impossible to recommend to anyone.
