This page is for the "House of Exorcism", but most people confuse this film with Mario Bova masterpiece, "Lisa and the Devil", which explains the ridiculously high rating for this, "House of Exorcism". If "Lisa and the Devil" was shown at film festivals in the early 70s, it was a critical success. The audience responded well to this gorgeous, gothic horror film. Unfortunately, it was a bit more than this time, and was considered too unusual, and not enough commercial for mass consumption. Neither the distributor will not buy it. Therefore, the producer Alfredo Leon decided to change the "Lisa", it would seem, with a chainsaw, removing only about half of the original film, and the addition of new scenes that he filmed two years after the original product! Importantly, Bova had little to do with these new, hideous additions, so technically the "House of Exorcism" is not a film Bova. The original product is a slow, dreamy, classy production. A few minutes into the film, the viewer Korobov from the world of dreams, and suddenly we see Lisa, (two years older, and with very different hair) begins to writhe on the ground, making guttural sounds and the croaking of the epitaph as "suck my with @ to "etc. Subtle, eh? And the film goes on like this, jumping back and forth between a beautiful, visual film, and class Z «The Exorcist" plagiarism. Leon tries to incorporate these shock scenes, while retaining some resemblance to stories intact. He failed miserably. If the choice was made primarily to destroy "Lisa and the Devil", he Bova refused, saying that his film was too beautiful to cut. He was right, and it should be pretty frustrating for the artist to see all of his work destroyed and flushed down the toilet. It was many years before the original "Lisa and the Devil" was seen again and again to emerge in the late night TV. I saw "the LISA" long before I saw this new version, and it was quite disturbing witness one of my favorite "vandalism" of films in this way. Worth a look just for the sake of curiosity. Otherwise, avoid this insidious disaster, like the plague.
