But I doubt that many run to see this movie. Or "Some ran out of film." Well, it's a little sharp <br /> <br /> The film begins in the unintentionally funny :. Frankie-boy returns to his hometown after many years (it already smells like a cliché), and the whole town shaken by his arrival he was talking about, everyone wants to talk to him, and every woman he meets flirting with him, there is no tomorrow - even his niece hints that she would love to date took her to chat with Frankie-boy a little longer! Even his pretty niece wants a piece of it! It looks like one of those ridiculous, "Mike Hammer" episodes, where every single woman wants Stacy Keach. And as Stacy Keach, Frankie-boy wet dream does not the good kind of woman. In real life, someone like Sinatra (no glory), will not get within 100 m from someone as beautiful as McLane. But this is a Hollywood movie on the contrary: McLain absolutely nuts about Frankie-boy, but he could not care less! Sinatra plays a "cool" feature too often in his films, and it is rarely credible. Dean Martin seems miscast; it is not as miscast card player, and because of the emphasis that just did not suit him. McLane is charming, as always, but she plays a cartoon - and this dependence on cartoons is one of the major problems associated with the film. The main characters of all some of the bad stereotypes or seen-it-all-before movies and cheap novels; Frankie "cool cat" who returns to the city to get all the women, and he could not care less about his letter (which is expected in the end bins recognition); Martin sloppy but friendly card player; McLane is dumb, but very pretty prostitute; blond love interest Frankie is snotty literary critic; brother Frank is a successful guy, who married into the business of his wife and has a lousy marriage; and so on. . Cliché <br /> <br /> The story contains a few matches that are a bit too contrived for my taste: Frankie just happens to face with his niece in the locale; his niece is just meters from my dad as he kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there is a terrible, stupid end. <br /> <br /> In her drunken man bent on murder of Frankie-boy somehow manage to find it in the carnival of all places! Very crowded place, with a characteristic noise and chaos - plus it comes in the evening - and yet the guy somehow finds Frank (even though, as drunk as drunk) and shoots him. But guess who he kills? McLain. She jumps in front of a bullet to save Frank: a cliché that comics authors to crawl on. It is totally helpless, overly dramatic and annoying the end, of course, can not please anyone, even a semi-intelligent viewer. And this is happening on the same day that McLain and Sinatra married! The author of this nonsense, it seems, read crappy shocker all his life - how else is writing the film can be explained? There is even a card game, in which the fight begins with Frank and Martin against certain clichés of cartoons with "bright" the imagination of the writer. (It was like a damned West suddenly.) Another dumb things like Sinatra was mad about boring snobby prostitutes and largely ignored McLain. In the course of the film, we learn that Sinatra finds McClane be too dull for him, just as the blonde prostitute finds Sinatra too low class for her. There is a certain snobbery and contempt be expressed in the script with respect to McLain. McLane is treated as unfit all, while the blonde prostitute is regarded as a princess and intellectual; ironic truth is that the nature of the latter comes off as dull and not as intelligent; her behavior, comments and opinions to the main template, silly, confused, pretentious and primitive. At least, the nature of McLane in knows that she (McClain) is a mute. There is another irony that I did not fail to notice: Sinatra had trouble finding the end of his final story - as well as the author of the film, and that's why he came up with a template, the final bad <br /> <. br /> film mainly has a solid color, a picture is good, but the script, although sometimes good, belongs to a large extent on the silly nonsense, but not in reality based on the characters and events. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biography" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by e-mail.
