Surprisingly the name Vera-Ellen was a movie, dancing, that Sonja Henie was in the movie skating: blonde, girlish look is always good, but not particularly good actress, and is usually a crash with a weak material. When I look sexy dance Apache Vera-Ellen and Gene Kelly in "Words and Music", I can not help but notice that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes), it seems to be made of the flag of South Vietnam. For some reason, it is American Vera-Ellen starred in * two * musicals (made a few years of each other), set in Edinburgh, the city is not noted for its diversion dancers: "Let us be happy» and «Happy Go Lovely" <br. /> <br /> in the latest Cesar Romero played American impresario who, for whatever reason, the production in Edinburgh. There's a vague attempt to link this show at the Edinburgh Festival, which is nonsense: the festival is not a showcase for catchy legs show. We also see a few stock shots of the Royal Mile: apart from a few Scottish accents, there is absolutely no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this film. Funny gag occurs in the beginning, when we learn that the name of the show Romero is the "pranks to You": this cheeky pun, that the British will have and the Yankees will not <br /> <br /> Vera-. Helen, as usual, lovely and attractive and impressive dancer, but very few musical numbers in the movie boring and bad. The plot - a mistaken identification between the magnate David Niven and reporter Gordon Jackson - a brainless, though not more than a few dozen plots of Hollywood musicals. Romero's less annoying than usual here, probably because (at a time), he does not have to convince us that he is interested in the litter heroine. <br /> <br /> The greatest crime of this film is its abuse of Bobby Howes. Father Sally Ann House was the main star of West End musicals; his thoughtful rendition of "She's my dear" was a big hit in the UK in 1937. Here, he appears in a few scenes as a hard worker Romero, but never has the opportunity to participate in a musical number, or even any real comedy. It is absolutely criminal that this film - whose title contains the word "great", of course, to cause the greatest blow of Howes - threw to the main British music star, but does not give him any <br /> <br /> well! character actress Ambrosini Fillpots (with whom I have worked once) shines in one of the restaurant sequence, and there is a glimmer of beauty condemned Kay Kendall. As an authorized Vera-Ellen's face, a man by the name of Diana Hart says in one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard, it sounds like an attempt to emulate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns in the same move, but does not match. Val Guest has a history of credit, but this film comes to the quality of his brilliant comedies. Color photo unhappy, although I understand that the post-war England can not afford to Hollywood's work process. «Happy Go Lovely" is in the very best enjoyable time-waster, a "waster", which is the word. I rate this film only 4 out of 10.
