You need to understand when Wargames was released in 1983, he created a generation of imitators computer hackers. The idea that a teenager could do something far-reaching proportions, let alone restrain world war was new and exciting. Real computers are beginning to emerge in people's homes, and for the first time, society is becoming interconnected in such a way that the premises of the film disturbingly prophetic. It is known that the computer says that it is balanced time between chess and global thermonuclear war was a little far-fetched, but a brilliant comment of nuclear weapons and the Cold War had done for him. I probably have not even heard about hackers, this movie was actually based. <br /> <br /> Fast forward 25 years, and we have a horrible mutant things that I hate to be called a "continuation", called Wargames: The Dead Code. I just dig right in. First of all, the plot depends on the government operates gaming site where people who win the game automatically become suspects of terrorism. You are probably very confused right now. The idea is that eventually a terrorist will click on the sub-game in a web site called «The Dead Code», where they fly a plane over the city, spraying it with bioweapons. At some point in the game, you must choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and if you choose the "sarin", then you are automatically approved as bioterrorism weapons expert and your family are taken into custody and questioned. The film is really going on. However, since the fee for the game was taken from the bank account, which was suspicious, he obviously it all makes sense. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the AI ​​avatars in the bomb straight-to-DVD is annoying flash animation, which continues to repeat the pop-up-ad-squire throws "play with me baby." Because, apparently, in the future, advanced AI loses interest in intellectual pursuits such as chess, and gets into porn. <br /> <br /> In the third place, the motivation for these "hackers" is making a profit, and the women, in contrast to the pure curiosity, as in the original film. For some reason, the latest movies hacker feel the need to reflect all of the young adult, the average surfer kind of people who are just like everyone else. It may work for the average sitcom, but c'mon, you do not learn how to take on government computers, doing your hair, exercise and walking on the mall shopping people. One novel that I have noticed that in some point in the dialogue there is a link to the film, Matt Damon, and then there is a phrase «Good Hunting, Will». I swear, they named the main character will be only for this phrase, so that they could send a high five to Mr. Damon. This baby is not bad, but it was, of course, was not similar to obsessive hacker I ever met. I can not fully express how annoyed I was that this film shares the same name as the original, as it has absolutely nothing to do with it, except for ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) to make a new appearance in this film, as the sluggish old man, who appeared to be dying of boredom, and dilapidated tic-tac-toe machine with a high-pitched voice. After some prodding, Joshua (AI) has what appears to be having sex with a new AI with porn voice, lots of board games to flash on the big screen, and the whole "The only way to win is not to play" a revelation should be the crowning moment. In addition, those of us who have seen the original, you know, the ones who would like to see it in the first place had already been there and done that. Processed ends for film shot with the last month of compost. <br /> <br /> The new film directed by the guy who made 90210 and written by guys that make B movies. The original was directed at the guys keep themselves busy "Hero", so that you can see the quality difference there. There was talk about a real remake, but I hope they do not ruin this classic again. I swear, if I have to, I'll go to every website, gambling, until you find the one that launched the computer psychotic government. Grace that I was able to stream it on Netflix, so at least, only the energy I spent watching this disaster was breathing, mice, and upset stomach.
