Someone ever needs to do a study of architecture, as featured in horror films; all of these studies in the intricately arranged mansions, search for secret passages and crypts, tracking monsters through air ducts, and so on. Offhand I can recall only a few films in which architecture played an important role in all - "the Seed Demon", "Cube", a remake of "Thirteen Ghosts" - but it is in the center of each story of the Scarecrow home or church or crypt; it's all about character and affect spaces, walkways and walls. So I'm looking forward to this thriller, where he promised to be central. The idea is this: the architect has built - in fact, rebuilt - for a huge and rambling house; His wife had just left him, mostly because of his own self-centeredness, but he hinted, because she can not get used to the place, as he remodeled it. Life in an unusual loneliness (the glove this time, not virtual), he comes to suspect that someone else - a stranger who came to the door one evening with a request to use the phone, and then suddenly disappeared - lives in the house out of it; the only place large enough so that he would never see it <br /> <br /> This is a good start for the melodrama, the development of which would be expected to adhere to some of these lines, as it :. ransacked the offender several times without success, the architect refers to his drawings take a systematic search, trying different ways to surprise, intercept or ambush the burglar, perhaps with the help of some special features, which he built into the structure. At the same time, the offender found caches and back to the path between the seats, the architect entirely anticipate and does not remember. The film turns into a game of cat-and-mouse hunt, a battle; and, finally, in an attempt to catch the attacker, the architect will end up trapped in his creation, in a way, he did not expect. Then he will have to think of it himself - and, perhaps, at the same time with their own self-isolation - and in the final twist to the nail, and possibly even kill, to **** er <. br /> <br /> Nothing like that happens in this movie; house just a house, an architect just a guy and his nemesis unknown character, if it exists at all. Here's what really happens in the movie: Once the offender is installed in the house - if he - the architect begins to hear sounds, but when it comes to research finds nothing. He calls the police, they think that he's a little nuts; He persuades his ex-wife to spend the night, she thinks he's more nuts. In the end, more or less by accident, he falls into the infringer (not get a good look, but the numbers who else could it be - not a difficult question in the story, at that time, less than three main characters), after then he closes the door, lower the bars on the windows, throw away the key (I do not know why he considers it necessary), and left his victim starve. I missed why this is a reality: doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect takes to sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film undeveloped tired and now can not develop further, it should also be designed to take its place. And here it is: Architect - are you ready - moves in a person's home, which (supposedly) moved to their own, and lived there in the same way ?. How is this possible? It is not, but the film takes this route to try to make it seem so: the architect drew a picture of a man who came to his door; and when he goes home, he takes a picture with him; and sitting in his car, he throws the picture on the street; and two children, to pick it up and see what it looks like Martin, their neighbor; after which the architect asks where his house, and the children of the Decree of the way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems to be on the brink of an unlikely than comes falls right in. Architect settles wheelchair-ridden wife of Martin, unknown to her; so secretive in his movements, and so cunning in its reading of the mistress that he can always leave the room just as it enters or duck with mind as well, as it turns. Throughout this section of the film smart one way that does (or leaving it to the viewer to make) the point that his life with this stranger who does not know what he is, in essence, the same life he lived with his wife , as a virtual recluse with her as a convenient buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes its transformation into a cat-burglar Raffles absolutely incredible. Do not go into a series of turns in the end - including the killing of others is achieved by locking someone behind the other undefeated door - this one before landing so far-fetched that it collapses under the weight of a wheelchair; two good people who make murder easy; and (before the story begins) noticed the construction of a tunnel under several houses .... For the final, long-awaited turn, the film adds another to make it even more offensive, and ... end. <, Br /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things - the idea of ​​a stranger in the house, and the character of the man whose house it - and two fumbles. The first fumble makes boring; the second made me angry as he pushed her protagonist farther and farther on, more and more zigzaggy way, and never offered any explanation of nature, which are most sought Martin tunnel builder and enter tenant. History must be redone by someone some day.
