«Absolute Beginners» was a film for the younger generation, multiple film that discussed the challenges that teens faced in the UK and they are disturbed, constantly hitting each note, teen problems may relate to the future of young people. It might be called the "Moulin Rouge" from the '80s, but he disappeared. This made him very shallow footprint in the world, to get under the radar, and can now be found gathering dust in any musical section, section comedies or politically obscure parts of the Fallen video store, who does not need money to survive in the chain. Unfortunately, it was not where I found it ?? but I found it, watched it, trying my best to sing along with him, looked into his eyes Bowie, but found that disappeared before the end. Is not survive the test of time? Is the 1950 London too far from our present society? Bowie is too terrible? I think that «Absolute Beginners» is somewhere in each of these questions, as a perfect example of a movie that starts with a bang, but fades to a mere sparkle through. <br /> <br /> «Absolute Beginners» opens a huge number, which takes us through nya-rough streets of London, which include theft, night prostitute on every corner, everywhere dancing, drinking, like rivers, and elegant connection to almost every people. It looks like a place, we all hate to be ?? is not it? Director Julien Temple keeps the mood and the world cries out for most of the songs, as we try to learn something of the richness of our protagonists. One we go most of all, Colin played Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dreams of being a photographer during shooting of his girlfriend, Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like a pre-rehab Lohan me they worked. There was a huge spark between them, the chemistry was like lava, i, I thought that these two might have on the road, I've never traveled. I was ready ?? but then something happened. Temple takes us to the night life, takes us out of the city, we grew up with in the beginning, and without completely changing the role of dedication to first. Suzette runs, Colin became a pervert, and Bowie ?? well ?? I'm not quite sure what his role, but he sings amazingly well while climbing the mountain ?? I can tell you that much. Temple gives us the shouts city the opportunity to see those who inhabit it, but leaves us hanging high and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We learn about Colin, basically, but no one else. I could watch this film again and still be equally puzzled by someone angry at someone, and how important ways was the era. In addition, whether or not they were actually teenagers ?? They all seemed like they were pushing their late 20's, but perhaps it was my TV. <br /> <br /> character development thrown right out the door, the Temple of trying to overcompensate by giving us more and more lavish song using even more characters that we know nothing about. One of my favorite songs in the film uses this idea as a prime example. Temple uses a split house to show us the life of the parents of Colin (which I do not know that it was not them until after the film) and a song that screams apathy. Great song, too many characters, not enough time, suddenly dragged into another scene lacking coherence, and it just falls apart in your hands. Then, if that were not enough, we are rocking their heads to the beat of some great songs, rubbing our head off, trying to understand where our heroes and go, and the Temple of throws in hatred, anger, and politics in the final act. While I was hoping that this film will have a special theme, I do not think that racism is on the top of the bill. Suddenly, there are no friends, people are angry, and there is some random guy running fight with Colin because he lives in poverty, and have a friend of another race? Somebody help me out here. It seemed completely rushed and overwhelming ?? almost to the point of wanting to rotate the film. For me, the end of the «Absolute Beginners» was far from the excitement of the opening amount. This is the first part set the tempo, and the temple could not keep up. <br /> <br /> In general, I must say that the temple may direct a music video, but I do not think he was ready for a feature film. I do not think that this film will ever make it to the full status of a "cult", and is likely to remain forgotten or dollar bunker for years to come. This is an interesting movie to watch at the initial stage, but when we get to that final part, he just explodes inside. I wanted a little cutting edge work, but instead I found was bizarre Bowie in conjunction with symbols I did not indifferent to. I could see how this film can relate to young people '80s, but in the end it just felt compelled. I think everyone in this performance had a moment and listened to "Motivation" at all bizarre Bowie in the film, it may have helped to consolidate this function in the best cult status. I'm glad I saw this movie once, but this is all that my little brain can take. I loved the way that the Church caught me from the beginning, but he could not control their characters (too much), and the song did not seem to match the final moments of the film. He came out of nowhere, and it was too polite. If it was a movie about racism, it should have been from the beginning. «Absolute Beginners» was a welcome adventure, but I do not think there will be a dusting of this film in the future <br /> <br /> Grade :. ** to *****
