The film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us about the fate of the two main characters and that the names of people and places have been changed ... before telling us that the relation to real people and events are random. This is the end of the line actually sums up all that was before him; a dirty movie Rino Di Silvestro completely lacks vision, and if there is any point on the graph; it has not been put there on purpose. Werewolf Woman is often seen as gloating or "so bad it's good" movie, but I totally disagree. Usually I love films like this; but the werewolf woman is really bad movie, and despite all the sex and wildness on the display; it may not even make fun for hours, and that is really inexcusable. The film does not really have a large area, but given the thin strip includes a young woman who also happens in a dream that she werewolf. She dreams to go out and find people who have sex with them and eventually kills them. In the real world, she falls in love, but her lover was killed, and she comes out of revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film consists of scenes of sex and blood, which are filled with a very dull to say the sequence in which the various symbols to ponder recent events. These scenes, probably there forward the plot and build character; but in fact they do not do this, and only succeed in turning what might passable fuss operation in extremely crumble film. It would seem that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than story, and this is confirmed by the fact that the movie looks and sounds beautiful. The sex scenes are often long and not very sexy, but the blood works well. The room is ready to give in very sexy slice operation, as there are a lot of naked women, as well as the fact that the central character is a werewolf origin means that there can be a lot of eroticism; but it is not capitalized, and while I digest the huge dose of bad actions and bad made storylines, I really can not watch movies, and bored. Overall, I would not even recommend this movie for large operating fans. There's a lot of better stuff than this out there, and while the name may sound intriguing - the film is not.
