"La Lupa Mannara" aka. "Werewolf Woman" in 1976 film with a very promising title, but unfortunately, the film itself is quite far from being a must-see for my fellow Italian horror buff. You will not hear me say that the film Rino Di Silvestre is really bad - it has its own stylish moments, but the first half is actually very fun to watch (though fun it is unintentional) film also profits from purely exhibitionist leading actress Annika Barrel However, a film that has no real plot (at.. least not linear) often makes no sense, and it pulls incredibly over mostly superfluous second half. <br /> <br /> Danielle (Annika Barrel) has a strange dream about dancing around naked at night before turning into a werewolf girl. Since she was raped as a girl, Danielle is afraid of men. then, when her sister (the cult of the siren Lassander) attends with her husband, Danielle suddenly feels attracted to her husband, and then turns into a werewolf girl ... or something. The storyline does not really make any sense that makes the film a lot of fun to watch during the first half. The leading character Daniella certain schizophrenic cold mixture was fit and horny nympho which sometimes becomes a shifter women. Director Yes, Sylvester decided to do for plot holes with a lot of female nudity, which works well for me. There are also some pretty good points made by Gore. The film never even a little unsettling or horrible, but it is very interesting in the beginning. In addition, there is no attempt to hide the fact that it is a piece of a song, the camera often makes close-up on a private part of the mission for a simple barrel of his braces. I'm not complaining. Then, for some reason, yes Sylvester decided to make the film more fully by changing the direction in which he was going. While Danielle is, firstly, a typical werewolf who can not help but follow the desires of her curse, it suddenly changes when she meets a guy (Howard Ross, who was Fernando Di Leo «Il Boss» 1973). Suddenly, she is back to normal, and the next part of the film does not run parallel with the first half. It gets pretty darn boring after a while; everyone thought that perhaps it would be better for this 99-minute film to be as short as 70 minutes. In the end, they even want us to believe that absurd story (if you can call it that) is based on real events. "Werewolf woman" has some redeeming qualities; my fellow fans of Italo-Horror can give it a try. However, if you want to watch Italian Horror / Exploitation movie with the 70s, there are hundreds of movies you should see before you see it.
