I believe that the authors never read a book of any kind, much less a novel of Dickens, and, of course, not David Copperfield, and that they based their script on another poorly written script, perhaps, adaptation Copperfield, although as likely something or else from which they accidentally dropped about a third of the pages, and then mix the rest, along with some random pages from the script that someone eighth grade nephew wrote for English class, and for which he received a failing grade. <br /> <br /> If the casting was a bad joke - for example, Richards as Kramer plays Micawber - that was it, the direction and actions were taken to poorly- raisins. Getting behind Kramer as Micawber, if possible, Ham was a complete man-eater, the assumption-back and all I was half expecting some point, to see how he is being pursued by angry pitch fork and torch have crowds of people. Uriah was almost as clowns figures as Micawber. Mr. Murdstone caused as much terror as Muppet vampire with Sesame Street. The actor played the elder David was, I believe, in fact, a woman. In any case, looking at all the time, as if he would like to find a mirror to see how it looked pretty, and it seemed that he looked well enough in fact, he could hardly convince us that he wrote with a quill pen. And while we're on this subject, in one of the many gross inaccuracies committed by manufacturers fool of embarrassment in unnecessary frames David wrote his story, he seems to be somewhere between 18 and 21 years old when he should be in his forties. Perhaps the biggest crime, though it is difficult to choose, were invented showdown between David and Murdstone as he courted the third wife in Switzerland, which was preceded by the invention known to the death of his second wife in Murdstone. While they were at it is surprising that they are not sent to the guillotine Heep, and deliver his famous last words at Sydney CARTON. He could not have made things much worse, in fact. It could have been much much better. <br /> <br /> There are literally thousands of big and small sins against literature throughout this miscarriage of art, and those who follow it works the risk of serious and irreversible damage to all aspects of their sensitivity.
