This film offers absolutely no imagination there no room in his performance, but it's only two things that come to mind after watching this so-called comedy, which has no power to speak. The story of the nit-picky over the analytic insurance risk manager Reuben Feffer (Ben Stiller), who finds his new wife Lisa (Debra Messing) is cheating on him with a scuba instructor (Hank Azaria), after only one day on a honeymoon. Upon returning home, Reuben and his best friend Sandy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) to go to a party and run in the Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston), whom they went to school with years earlier. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Polly forgetful and unreliable and carefree lives, which is the opposite of Reuben who is as a person, but they are starting to date, and Reuben is beginning to change as man as he begins to try new things, such as salsa dancing and eat spicy food. But one day, Lisa comes back and wants to stay married Ruben, but he really does not want to, but Polly decides to leave, because she does not believe in marriage, to begin with. <br /> <br /> This film is the second directing effort, John Hamburg, who wrote two screenplays generally unfunny in "Zoolander" and "Meet the Parents", but these two films, it seems like a classic compared to this callous a piece of nonsense. It's very easy to say that something is not funny, but I think that this film has become even easier to understand why. This film is entirely predictable from start to finish each stage, looking as if it is happening only because of the absurdity of the scenario. Hamburg, who also wrote the script seems to have written it without any thought of trying something different, and sometimes it seems like he is trying to produce the same energy as "There's Something About Mary," but instead of this event seem incredibly forced. Does anyone really think that a blind ferret was funny? If you do not, it is easy! Several times during the movie character to these unexplained emotional speech, which should summarize all, but they all reach inflating obvious. Stiller works a lot, but maybe he needs to work less and simply wait for the best scenario to come your way, because this movie does not work as a comedy or romance.
