London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, depressingly stupid movie about stupid people. It's kind of a film whose central conflict can be resolved immediately if the characters concerned simply sat down and talked. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop-obsessed actress performing in front of a cheering crowd at London's Wembley Stadium. He is jealous of his devoted best friend and band mate Mans played by Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than he is, but not so the focus and ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the popularity of the latter threatens to overshadow his own. Now here is where the heart to the heart may help. If Arjuna explained that this fixation Wembley meant for him, Rhee would gently retreated and let Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would have been deprived of agony to watch the rest of this sad nonsense. But director Vipul Shah and its authors are not in the mood to do us a favor. London Dreams is packed with unintentionally hilarious gems as the background with his grandfather Arjuna, who committed suicide out of shame for stage fright in a crowded concert Wembley. Or a funny incident on the show, where mana should assume vocal duties after an explosion of confetti practically chokes Arjun into silence. Idiocy, however, does not end there. In their attempts to shame Manu publicly, Arjun uses his connections to get Manu reserve for the drug. Buxom fan calls Manu down a couple of tequila with her, but replaces it with cocaine salt. Before you know it, Mana got quite an appetite for getting used to a white powder, practically chomping it down, as dinner. If this is not foolish enough to eat raw scene later in which Mana chases after the said girl to find out who she was taking orders. Pursuit ends in a dark alley in London, where she falls to her knees, pretending to make a rude way, to mislead friend Manu, who had been secretly following them. Wait, there's more! Wait to howl hysterically when Arjun snaps from his belt and whips himself mercilessly expel all thoughts of romance or lust with respect to the leading group dancer Priya (played by Osin), because nothing and no one should distract him from his musical goals. Too generously inspired by Milos Forman's Amadeus in order to merit any comparison with last year's Rock On!, The latter is a clumsy melodrama Vipul Shah, who is freely designed as a script. The film is a broad sense of humor, over-the-top emotion, and basically chooses loudness over subtlety. It works for the character lies with Salman playing it all the uncouth and attractive, but in the case of Arjuna, Ajay Devgan off too passive performance, which is largely internalized. If Arjun actually reaches the boiling point, however, this leads to awkward to climax scene in which he lectures packed concert hall and thrown clear plastic bottles as punishment. Of the rest of the cast, it is not a good word, I can say, Osin, who practically lit up Ghajini with her ebullient charm, but disappoints here with more unnecessary steps in the thankless role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to simple associates in the group appear at regular intervals, usually uttered some meaningless dialogue like, "We'll rock it dude!" For him, the recent letters and sloppy direction, London Dreams, ultimately tedious hours. If you must, watch Salman Khan, which turned into a farce in good faith acting style. This is the only thing that will make you smile in this sad, sad film.
