If this film was first shown on TV, I had high hopes that we finally have a decent film about the First World War as experienced by American soldiers. Unfortunately, this is not the case. <br /> <br /> It was a good film about the First World War. Despite the fact that it was made for television, it is obvious that a real effort was made to use appropriate equipment and props. But writing and directing is not bad enough, despite the fact that the creators of this film, obviously, borrowed freely from a lot of well-made films about the war. war movie clichés abound, such as the arrogant general who, apparently, did not care a flip about the life of his people. If Hollywood is aware that, despite the fact that there were a lot of bad generals, most of the combat units generals themselves have seen a lot of fighting and are not naive, that the average experience grunt? The first part of this film were "Paths of Glory" with the American form. Besides the fact that "Paths of Glory" was emotionally exciting. He was later charged Chamberlain (except slides) from the "Gettysburg" and even the seizure of an American soldier ring of enemy soldiers from the "Thin Red Line". But in "The Thin Red Line," the soldier was alone when in captivity. In this film forms a ring around the new inmate in the middle of a fight. <br /> <br /> If this film is used military adviser, they ignored him. While the actors (and I could never forget that they were actors, watching) silently military tactics, I did not see very much. American soldiers will stand in the shooting while the Germans attacked. And the famous attack aircraft, which were apparently blind, were not used all the tactics in their attack. In a real war, a tactic that made the attack so effective. But the scene was a stupid attack German flamethrowers. In this scene, the German flamethrower went in broad lines to defending Americans. If it were real, they would never get close enough to use their flamethrowers before they were removed from the defender bullets. <br /> <br /> Thus, the majority of war movies are not real, when it comes to tactics, as shown, but it is still disappointing. But what really turned me off to this clicked was a typical anti-war anti-war angle, the filmmakers seem to think it is important. However, war is hell. But the majority of the American soldiers, although they grumble and pressure tend to believe in what they are doing, and can be quite fanatical about it. My grandfather served in World War I, and despite the fact that he died in the four years I was told before I was born, he was proud of his service.
