Movies starring child actor to put themselves on the back foot from the start. Although there are some exceptions, most children simply can not act and even those that usually can become irritable after a few minutes. Children in PaperHOUSE managed to capture the worst of both worlds, as they are both very annoying, and they do not have an ounce of acting ability between them. shorter; they trash. This is not good, given that they are held, and it is not particularly good, given the fact that it is practically impossible to take this movie seriously because of debris actors. It's a shame that this film is a dead loss, as the plot is not (not completely). It follows a young girl who, after drawing a picture of the house in his notebook, awakens in a fantasy world that she has created. It soon becomes clear to her that she can control this world through his drawings, and therefore sets about making various changes, until her dream finally becomes a nightmare. Oh, my God. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this story line provides a good basis for a good horror film fantasy. However, he squandered through a series of fatal mistakes. In the first place, in spite of the room is a great room for a lot of ingenuity; the film is very stale. The central plot is practically did not play at all, and the result is quite sad experience. Lack of tension another huge gaping flaw in the film, as he sees fit to drag each sequence to the point that you just do not care anymore (due to the lack of ideas). Thanks in part to this is the main characters, the film feels like a movie kids everywhere. This is to be expected, as the star children, but Bernard Rose should be decided slant, that he wanted to put on the story; as the horror film funny at best. The film is also very bad, and "romance" between the two terminals is very worthy to crawl, and makes for a very painful viewing. In fact, if I had to sum up this parody of a word, I would choose "painful." PaperHOUSE acted bad, ridiculously drawn, very trite and boring in general. Save the pain, to see something else.
