The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) is not what we would today call marks a scientific paper: instead of the names of experts or sources to support what he says, it just goes to show, without opposition, he wants us to believe (one will to recognize that the American newsreels of the period was also significantly less regulated than it would seem unethical modern audience, often inserting theatrical scene and passing them as actual news frames). Add to that directed propaganda that was directed by Hippler "Teaching is transformed," not so much to ask for non-Jewish Europeans hate the Jews as checking feeling many of them should be held to allow the Holocaust that followed, the weakest link in the logic movie shows in his analogy of "rats", in which he goes on to explain the behavior of rats, and then adds something to the effect, "well, the Jewish people, like this." However, characterizes the Jew as the ugly, ugly showing the Jewish people aravnanni with attractive Gentiles accompanies the leap of faith is that ugly bad film, it seems, contradicts himself several times, for example, an attacker Western artists, who portrayed the characters of the Old Testament, as a fair-skinned Europeans,. text allows such a way that so called ethnic "Hebrew" is in fact rooted aspect of Christian culture. It also shows the ghetto Jews willing to live in a roach infested dirt, despite the imaginary treasures they accumulate, and then flip-flops, saying, NY this same undesirable to live in wealth and luxury, as soon as they leave the ghetto. By the way, who would not be? Using scenes from the famous American film, House of Rothschild, it shows the same fuzzy logic deployment. First film condemned as if they were made by Jews; it seems to be used to verify the deceptively Hippler Jews (the aforementioned kind that poverty ghetto Jews identified as a means of tax evasion, although the nature of the Rothschild "spin" that Jews are over-taxed); Finally, the film Rothschild again cursed for it means that the famous banking family invented the checking account. It is obvious hesitancy whether the American footage shows the positive or negative can be clarified with repeated viewings, but at first glance, it makes for some muddy moviewatching. For all the imperfections of the Eternal Jew, I was first surprised that the rating of IMDb audience for this film is as high as it is, just shy of "5" to date. I would say that the reason is that the documentary value of the EJ exceeded its original purpose, offering us unintentionally look into the lives of European Jews, as they will not be considered a few years later. Needless to say the film is very harmful also gives historical understanding wrong, or simply evil, the film industry as a tool to advocate for. Around this time, I have to wait Director Hippler flip-flop again, jumping ahead to say, "That's what I meant to do all along!" The scenes depicting the killing of animals, particularly disgusting, and show the same as strongly inhumanity contrary to the intention of the kosher law to prevent animal suffering. I would like to see someone who has seen the film, and have some knowledge of these procedures to comment on whether a clear image.
