A Chute-de-la-Maison Usher, and The Fall of the House of Usher, as it knows among British audiences, starting with Alan (Charles R) is sent to the castle of his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debukort), who sent him a letter, saying that his wife, Madeleine ill. Once Alan Madeleine is very sick and her husband Roderick determined and almost obsessed to paint her portrait. As Roderick paint Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker, as if the picture is draining the life out of her, Alan tries to help his friend, but tragedy soon strikes ... <br /> <br /> This French production was co-written, and production director Jean Epstein and was the second of two filmed Fall of the House Usher adaptations for 1928, to be honest, I do not know, the original novel was published in 1839, I mean you'll have to wait 89 years for the filmed adaptation, and two come in the at the same time! In any case, I feel that I have a little problem here, as I have read many positive reviews about La Chute de-la-Maison Usher & maybe I am not such a person the right to write a comment on this, but I have to say, he was just nothing for me to do. I do not like, obviously, the first thing to say is that this is a silent film, and thus, it relies on images, but even so, I thought that the story was weak, I thought that the whole film was boring and dull even though it only lasts about an hour, and it really did not do anything for me. La Chute de la-Maison Usher was made almost 80 years ago and that is literally all my life, the world of cinema and tastes have moved on a lot since then and I did not find pleasure in this film. I feel this film from the bad, and probably was not that good to begin with anyway. I never felt in any of the character, I never cared about everything that happened and I found it all quite tedious to sit through, I'm sorry if I offended anyone Silent film fan out there, but that's the way I felt . <br /> <br /> Director of Epstein does work OK, a lot of people to wander about the images in La Chute de la-Maison Usher & I freely admit that it certainly has it's moments, but I thought that they were few and far between, Scenes from the mouths of people to move and do not really hear what they say, that just seemed odd to me, I do not like the music & the version I saw, kept the original French card insert language that have been narrated by the guy with the most horrible sound thick French accent who was also off putting. Based on a story by Edgar Allan Poe I doubt that this is very similar to them, except for one or two main elements, a shelf with a fantastic House of Usher Roger Corman, starring Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film was OK considering when it was made. You just can not say about the acting, as no one ever says, although the film is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try and offer emotions or reflect what is going on, working to a certain extent, but after a while looks a little crazy. <br /> <br /> La Chute de la-Maison Usher will appeal to those who yearn for a bygone era, who live in caves or who are stuck in the past, for me, like my films to have a story, do not bother me, and have a sound and I'm sorry if this is the last statement makes me sound like an uneducated idiot, but that's how I feel. The world has moved from the 1928's for the best.
