It is obvious that the people who made "Dead in the cash" love B-horror movie. Explicit references to the genre filled with everything from stock symbol (drawing power, who do not believe the monstrous invasion is really happening) in the debate in the style of Kevin Smith in reproducing the last moments with "Duane Jones Night of the Living Dead," not once but two times. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it takes more than love to make a good film. <br /> <br /> setting and shot selection is boring and prosaic. While the general caution in film school, to avoid «Mastershot Theater" tells a story entirely in the wide master shot, here we find the obverse, as well as in several sequences, it is difficult to understand the spatial relationships between the characters as the story is told in a series of medium-sized frames, They do not have the address of a plan to link them together. Editing uniformity and basic and sometimes there are unmotivated cuts. The lighting is flat, and sometimes muddy, making the scene in a darkened theater difficult to read (there is coverage, or is shot with only available light?). Some shots out of focus. Dialogue banal, and performance, for the most part, one notes (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and screen presence as Curtis, and the guy plays the projectionist has some nice dickish reading line, Michael Allen Williams as a theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick as captured by a film geek Eric has some interesting moments). The premise is stupid, even for a wave of horror B (Also, it is very bad, Dr. Eisner did not know about the project Clip - he could have saved himself a lot of trouble!). The "zombie" is a non-threatening, and their composition is not convincing (though the chunky zombies trying to get out of the car Gumball raised a smile). Zombie movie fan, there is very little blood or violence, but what is, is handled quite well. Musical accompaniment, while the stylistic uneven, partly nice from time to time, and there are some good effects Foley. «Time Warp» skit was fun to listen to, but the images come together with him were less interesting to watch. Unfortunately, looped dialogue sounds flat. Was this picture without synchronization (doubtful, it looks like the video through)? I watched a special foreword TROMA Films' Lloyd Kaufman before the main feature - although it consisted mainly of Kaufman plugging his own thing and admit that he had not seen the movie, while someone robbed the mask Toxie, industrial and recreational values ​​were higher than "Dead ..." itself (soon to side to the one who put the DVD together - countdown film leader beeps only flash frame 2, not per room plus one after). In this respect, as the theater-goers have seen a vampire movie to watch at the beginning of "Dead ..." he looked a lot more entertaining than that. The recommendation to avoid, if you do not know anyone involved in the production or avid Lloyd Kaufman Completist (he plays "Kaufman Mignon" in the film-within-film) <br /> <br /> (Full disclosure .: My girlfriend extra in this film. I swear it is not my review of color.)
