The answer to the preliminary observations made by the inhabitants of the region where the movement pattern lensed: One person suggested that the closure and destruction of Ocean View Amusement Park has led to a decline in the surrounding areas. This is simply not true. The construction of Interstate 64, which bypasses the territory of the species in the ocean, the main traffic route passed through the heart of the ocean. After the interstate was completed, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town with business closures and rising crime. This has led to a huge loss of income for the park, which is also facing new competition from the nearby Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, in the past few years, the city of Norfolk has done an excellent job of strengthening the redevelopment so that the area has become a desirable place for the construction of luxury housing. <br /> <br /> He was also told that the footage of destruction rollercoaster was used in «Rollercoaster» film. This is also untrue. The footage was shot with two cars coaster keel from a trip to this film, but the actual explosions and the collapse is only the "death of Ocean View Park». <br /> <br /> As for the movie, the storyline "supernatural" force in the water, adjacent to the park, of course, it's silly, but somewhat typical of a B-class films of the time. With a cast part, there should be nothing surprising about the fact that the scenery bitten almost every scene, the main actors. I do not believe that this film was going to be another "Citizen Kane"; I believe that Playboy was experimenting with a new non-nude view to determine whether it was an area for the company to expand in the (apparently not!). Surprising strength in water, causing strange events in the old amusement park is likely to sound good at the negotiating table, but turned out to be unmanageable in the performance. Slides and the rest of the park was intended to sabotage the ball in any case; "Let's come up with a strange way to justify an explosive death!". <br /> <br /> For normal viewing of the film, it would have to "see it once and forget about it" film (for fans of Diana Canova except); but also for the thousands of people living in the area and have fond memories of the park, this film, like "walk down memory lane" for the shooting of the park, as well as old footage of downtown Norfolk, the first "Harborfest", and Old Dominion University. Even this limited edition of the DVD will be welcomed.
