Often, he says Toba Hooper took a hit with his awful 1974 horror movie "Saw Chain Texas Massacre" and every time I see another Hooper film - this opinion is only strengthened. It would seem that Hooper wanted to make his own version of the film, such as scanners and Firestarter in 1990 and so we end up with a spontaneous combustion; movie with a couple of good ideas and a whole load more than that are borrowed from other movies. Put it all together and you get dirty, boring film that most people will do good to miss! The film leads the viewer to believe that it could be half decent initially with an intriguing back story, which focuses on some of the experiments carried out on the two young men in the fifties. The pair have a child, and shortly afterwards burn as a result of experiments conducted on them. Fast forward a few years and the child is now an adult named Sam; but, naturally, he was not a normal person, and soon discovers when he discovered that he has a chance to set things on fire at will. <br /> <br /> The film stars Brad Dourif, which must have seemed a good choice for the casting of his success with the children's game two years ago; but in fact it was uninspired decision as the central execution really scary; and helped support the terrible appearances. Turgid direction and dull script also does not make the film a lot of favors, and tend not to have enough favors continuing the special effects, which are very unrealistic and does not have anything about the films, it is one tearing; all of which were made a few years ago. The plot is very slow, and it's almost an hour before anything happens to note, and I do not care about it even then. It soon becomes obvious in which direction the movie will go, and it all boils down to mean the end of tiring you would expect. The final confrontation between great disappointment and nothing is really explained during the film. Not that any opening would be interested anyway. Overall, this film is rubbish and is another reason why Tobe Hooper, a long way from being a great horror director. See Firestarter again instead.
