Unusual Toba Hooper exercise with respect to the unfortunate young man (Dourif) with the possibility of setting people on fire. This ability is related to the parents who participated in the atomic experiments in the 50s. They die from the human self-ignition, and it seems that Sam begins to suffer from these pills scoop his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain) gives it take for rough migraines. In fact, Lisa said to manipulate Sam Liew take pills Orlander (William Prince), to a great extent the young man's parents, who raised him from childhood. Lew has a friendly plans..he see Sam as the first "Atomic Man", a pure machine in human form of murder. Sam never wanted this, and will do everything possible to silence those who are responsible for his condition. How is the film, Sam blood slowly growing toxic green instead of red. It seems that water and other substances, which are often put out the fire to respond properly to the contrary, when uncontrolled impulses Sam flames ignite. Come to find out, Lisa Sam's condition, whose parents also died from the MCC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), who Sam knew for quite a long time, as his doctor to insert a toxic green liquid in their bodies, I believe, to increase their level of flame. Nina (Melinda Dillon, sporty accent that goes out and in) was a friend and colleague of Sam's parents to experiment in the 50s, who is trying to talk with him about what is happening. And Rachel (Dey Young) is the former wife of Sam, who may work against her ex-husband with Lew and Marsh, to his detriment, and Lisa. <br /> <br /> Quite a strange horror film filled with some pretty awful flame effects. Dourif is trying to bring the tragedy and the intensity of his character which is heavier, we continue to see how his body is slowly becoming toxic waste with fire often turning on of its holes. There's this big hole in his hand, which spits out flames like a volcano and an active focal spot on the arm, which increases in size over time. The best scene is probably when the director John Landis, who draws a rough electrical engineer, trying to tell Sam to hang, because the radio program he calls voiced by night, becomes a victim of SHC. Flick never quite work, because it is so wildly uneven with sharp, funny finale where Sam offers free Lisa her fire, taking it from her.
