Only one title (together with the poster) is sufficient to give the "Projected Man" as an obvious rip-off of "The Flies". And Bryant Khalid, while much better than the typical review IMDb would you think this is an acceptable idea to draw an understudy for Vincent Price. Although, if you think about it, who would, if Micheal Goff was available ?? However, if you are in the mood to see the British "Hammer," a film in the style of science fiction theme of teleportation experiment gone wrong ... well, you can still give a "projected People" badge and feel in "remaindered" bin at a local Wal-Mart for another film teleport injury. Because it is one just is not all that good. <br /> <br /> Haliday caught a lot of good-natured finned of MST3K crew for their participation in this film and in «Devil Doll», but in fact he is the best thing in the TPM. Maybe he can not carry the film, but he does not receive almost no help from the script here. The script bogs down any momentum to move forward the plot may be in the quagmire of nonsense about the financing and universities on behalf of Lembach policy and the guy and somehow sinister accomplices who want teleportation machine to fail so they could steal his secrets ... or something. Thus, all the dramatic sequence in the first half of the film related to either phone calls or unconvincing special effects with transparent coffee and rats teleportation. Then, when a poor Haliday gets spoiled his car, he had to spend the last part of the film wearing a diaper over half of its faces and rubber cement over the other, until he electrocutes various Londoners a chance on his way. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts, using megaphones could not do this job ScreenPlay. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, all the other actors diligently try to give life and interest in their role in this arrogant little project, but the script simply swallows the efforts of the whole. Selling the project manager of power and smokes and hisses to the phone with his blackmailers, all the while unaware that he looks like a werewolf is equipped with a tweed suit and vest Tattersall. Haliday researcher and former girlfriend have the least compelling novel in the British horror movie history. His secretary forced to parade around in her "pants". None of this is actually not working or gels in a real movie. And all this is just the kind of fades, leaving the viewer goes, "Eh? Excuse me, it was not there to be completed here ?? »<br /> <br /> However, despite all its problems, I can easily name a dozen horror movies from the same period, which were just as bad or worse, and so can anyone else who stands movies (or somebody looked at IMDB «Bottom 100"). I would not actually pay money to have "projected Man», but if it had been included in any compilation, along with a dozen other films in the DVD collection, I'd probably feel OK about it. This is a harmless diversion, perfect for a horror film festival movie to watching with friends, consuming a lot of beer and snacks on Saturday evening.
