Professor Paul Steiner makes the study in the transfer of matter. He developed a machine, it can be used to make an object like a watch or a rodent disappears, only to re-materialize the object elsewhere. But there are those on its Research Center, who does not like or approve of his experiments, and will do whatever it takes to see that he could not. After an unsuccessful demonstration that could save his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his car over. As expected, things go awry, and it turns into a very frightened madman whose mere touch would kill. <br /> <br /> In retrospect, maybe it's not such a good idea to re-watch the man projected in the same week I was watching The Fly, The Return of the Fly and Fly Curse. There seems to be only so many films about matter transference and potentially horrific consequences that it can have on the human body that one person should be made to stand for three or four days. I'm not sure that those who are responsible for the list of films as a source material for the planned people, but most of it is so much like a movie Fly, that it can not be a coincidence. However, the projected person is not even as good as the worst of the trilogy Fly. <br /> <br /> In addition, it is very unoriginal projected Man has a number of other problems that are really sick pleasure of the movie. The big problem I have with Bryant Khalid in the lead. He's such a horse's ass, that I not only do not care about their suffering, I really root for him. Supporting actors Mary Peach and Ronald Allen almost as bad. They are so bland and boring they are hardly important. In fact, there is very little to get excited about while watching the projected Men. Soundtrack ?? not very memorable. "View" ?? I would describe much of it as "muddy." The site ?? predictable. Action ?? no. Overall, this is one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Luckily, I saw projected Man using a copy of Mystery Science Theater 3000 episode. Funny stuff! While not an absolute, very often, the worse the movie ?? better MST3K reef. Guys have got almost all of their signs with the predicted Humans. I will give him a very keen 4/5 on my rating scale MST3K.
