I usually like all great late Paul Naschy (R.I.P.) never happened. While not all the movies starring Naschy large, they all have a certain charm that can not be found anywhere else, but Naschy-click, and they are always interesting. There is no rule without an exception, however, as «El Mariscal Del Infierno» aka. "The Devil Possessed" (1974) shows. Although the film has a specific Naschy-flowlines charm, it is, unfortunately, carries far too much, and it gets really, really boring between the two. Naschy star as the evil Baron Gilles de Lancre that oppresses people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to remain in power. If Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought side by Boca with Gilles De Lancry against the British, learns of the evil behavior of the Baron, he decides to turn against his former comrade-in-arms and to help people free themselves from the tyranny of Satan's Baron ... <br / > <br /> Director Leon Klimovskii, who is best known for Naschy directions in «La Noche De Walpurgis" ( "The Werewolf Vs. Vampire woman", 1971), a film based on the script himself Naschy. Naschy frequently the script of his own films, and I must say that it is mostly done better, more original mission than in this case. «El Mariscal Del Infierno» basically built as a historic adventure, not a horror movie, and it gets pretty boring around the center. He often reminds the sword and sandal movies from the 50s, only that the film is set in medieval times. Satan's part was probably added only because the name of the great Naschy in the field due to the Horror genre. The film has its good side: Our giving Paul a strange speech, Paul Our strange looking, Paul Our Satanic make things tormenting Paul Our innocent victims, etc. But, unfortunately, most of the film focuses on the sad hero and good guy, and these moments are sad. The female actors are good to look at, but, unlike most Naschy films, this one does not have the Sun nudity and immorality. There is some blood, but it's basically looks clunky and not as much fun as looking at, as is the case with most other Naschy films. In general, «El Mariscal Del Infierno» need only look at my fellow Naschy-enthusiasts. There are dozens of films starring the Spanish Horror deity, which must be seen before, such as «El Jorobado De La Morgue" ( "The Hunchback of the Morgue," 1973), "La Orgy De Los Muertos» ( "The Hanging Woman" 1973), "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba" ( "Horror Rises from the grave", 1973), "Latidos De Panico" ( "Panic Beats", 1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004), or any werewolf «Waldemar movies Daninsky. »to rest in peace. Paul Naschy. Legends do not die!
