It's pretty obvious that the director and the crew went to draw less than flattering picture of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its Web site is trying to keep in mind that the verse has a secret reason for blowing himself and Rachel's boyfriend boost problem possible pregnancy. Careful obscured the fact that the verse itself was only a witness to the death of a close friend in his arms Israelis'-just outside his house. Gosh, so why on earth is young, beautiful, intelligent girl with college plans to go and do such a thing? Maybe, hormonal, emotional teenager was injured, seeing, seeing someone she loved die before her eyes? This piece deserves every 5 seconds in the film. Another neatly evaded detail that Avigail Levy, Rachels' mother, could have prevented the destruction of the family lived in the building Akhras (along with 22 other families). One clear impression that it offers it as a "concession". - Mrs. Akhras should agree to talk to her, "Why me?" She says (Since the movie house was destroyed- was made, apparently, did not result in an interview that she wanted- so bring on the bulldozers) Mrs. Levy said. that she "wanted the film to be a laxative, as well as a symbol of hope, a chance to overcome deep-seated hatred" - instead she uses it as an occasion to exhort AYATS mother while hanging home as carrot.Moreover although both women live only 4 miles apart, she was so out of touch with the realities of the occupation for her Palestinian neighbors that to really think Mrs. Akhras can simply drop a cup of coffee? Please.And she abstains for one chance, she was supposed to meet with Mrs. Akhras personally and see what kind of life she lived. (Akras family originally came from Jaffa, but now live in crowded refugee camps only 4 miles from where Levys live in comparative luxury.Any sympathy I would have for the obviously well to do Mrs. Levy dissolved her self-righteous air bitchiness.By contrary, Ayats mother comes off as kind, open and loving-, despite all efforts by the post-production crew to paint her and her family into monsters. Heck, even the music and sound design was one sided- I believe, muezzin sings all day, every day, 4 miles from the Levi family home, always sharply country stue key to the lush New Age Music, that assessment of the homogeneity of the grounds for a documentary is also a small matter of translation -. Mrs. Levy direct camera address in English, if something worked, to say in advance, Hebrew, if it does not does. Mrs.Akhras spoke only Arabic, sometimes get the translation, sometimes transliterated always uncomfortable and very suspect for the alleged purpose of movie.They as "sweating" it under the light, while Mrs. Levy was sitting in the (air-conditioned ) comfort.Rotten editing for Mrs. Akhras segments too. I gave it a 2 because I liked AYATS mother and father, who seemed like a good decent people. Shame on HBO, producer and director, to release a stink bomb.
