Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As we are introduced to the worlds of its citizens in 1901, America is a three-act play opens before us with «The Stage Manager», a visual storyteller, if you like. After its initial introduction, we bring into the homes of two separate families; And Webb. <br /> <br /> It's definitely Gibbs middle America at the turn of the century, and progressive way of life of the American dream and its sugar overtones that may seem a little biased in this December the city. Here we see the daily life of some of its 2642 population of Grover angles, New Hampshire, even if there are also migrant Polish workers, which add another 500 to that number, they'll never get a look-in. <, Br /> <br /> After the daily lives of these families have been introduced; wives cooking, children home working, parents work, the children are falling love and pure picket-fences painted in white, the second act begins in three years, after the young George (young and unrecognizable, William Holden, and then at the age of 22) and Emily fell in love and plan to marry. Flowering dove reaching the stars and achieving, as a turning point in his life, from the nest they lived, and now, in adulthood anxiety and distress they nervously step. The third act a little more sour and anticipation, in this act that movies intention becomes apparent here we see, not life, but not a holiday, but death, and it is in such a position that the dead, when they return, to go back and make up their own life in the past, here to remind us, to tell us that life, and every last minute of every precious breath will not go away and wasted. <br /> <br /> It was during this last third of the movie's own political position also seems to be more apparent, also, feeling more than a propaganda stunt to moral lecturing on, and Central America, and how he should direct his house and how it should and put it in order. It is not only "our" city, it is a moral diction is aimed at "our" soul and how America can better himself, when his people, (with the exception of the Poles, Irish, Native American and liberated ethnic minorities, and minorities in general, and also supports spine x-Americana, which still has not been a fair participation in this narrative), such as the middle classes, can live up to the expectations of the American dream through fair, adequate standard of living. The distributors of the American dream with common special invitations. <br /> <br /> I'm having fun, a little bit, on this film, but I felt that his story had a greater impact than anything else that took part in it although fresh action, musical score, or how well, or not, this was done. I thought it was a movie intention to exclude other groups, and includes only like Webb and Gibbs, in the future the United States of a developing country, a good film, but also a little biased in his position. <br /> <br /> Taken from the US plays "born Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975), this Pulitzer Prize play, and six Oscar nominated film, was the center of a constant movement of life and its three basic attributes; Life, love and death, played in the film translation across as a bit of abstract rules of social consciousness. Our city begins with what seems to be the lesson of the futility, as in other cities, nothing too exciting ever happens here, if anything at all, this city has only the "right kind of people," you can still leave the opposite the door is locked here, we see developing the lives of these two families, but their moral and social position, which is more important than themselves. Our city can be simply "Any city," just as long as you have come to the right part of town, that is.
