I picked up the Time Changer, because it looked like a good low-budget journey time SciFi movie, and I was in the mood for something like that. Description said it had something to do with some biblical things and travel time, but I did not expect that the fundamentalist Christian film! <br /> <br /> The film was decent special effects and an interesting premise, which could go places and it was much more interesting than at the end. Our hero, who is a professor with the bible of the 1890s, in the end, is moved forward to the 2000s, and came to the conclusion that modern life is full of evil influences - Jesus was nowhere to be found. This lovely technological feat by using the Bible teacher fellow, who somehow managed to invent a functional machine HG-Wells-style time. The film begins to lose some credibility at this point that unfortunate, because it happens very early in the film. Before (or, perhaps, immediately after, I do not remember exactly), our professor hero seen teaching the seemingly science class, where he argued that the research results can be seen only approved when it can be compared with what is written in the Bible . What should be obvious to anyone that this is clearly not what the scientific method is about, but it is presented in such a way that the filmmakers seem to prefer the view that science is only useful if it supports their demands and otherwise, it is not useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, this belief is quite acceptable and reasonable in the context of the character at the time. Thus, if we accept that as a fact of life for these biblical professors, then obviously the professor, who went and invented a time machine, not a very strong believer, I do not think there is any evidence (and no one offered ) for the physical time travel in the Bible. So immediately there is a problem with mixed messages and authority there, but never objected ... <br /> <br /> After the professor convinced to make the leap into the future, the shock of modern technologies has been treated quite well in most cases. It was also wondering whether or not to have it pinned down to a precise year (as a character reads a date off the newspaper to him, the machine hums in the horn and it scares him to entirely finish date: it is just two thousand and ... * Whistle *). Some of the shock has gone on a little too long, though. For example, the car was one of the first things he encountered when he arrived, and about two days later, he invited me to church movie nights and takes a trip to the van. He pushed the window, like a dog can be afraid of lights and starting the engine, etc. It seemed a bit off, because he was there a few days on the matter, and the town was very busy traffic. In any case, it is easy to ignore. The rest of the technology shock was well done - especially his first encounter with a TV, who was detained because he did not even realize what it was until he saw the child looks one, and with the help of remote control <br /> < br />. Unfortunately, our hero predictably begins to preach almost everyone he meets, as if he had the power for life and religion just because he is from the past and is an elder. In the end, he gets himself a brief moment in the spotlight in the church he attended, where he goes on to explain his concept of Christianity to him in a long monologue, which was supposed to go and the astute, but mostly just more of the same. Several men in the church begin to get a strange feeling about this guy (go figure) and to investigate its name. They eventually concluded that he is a traveler or while impersonating the long dead and Bible professor and decided to find out what it is. The film footage of these guys as unbelievers bad guys for skepticism. <br /> <br /> Just before the professor to return to his own time, he is faced with the two men. In an attempt to avoid arrest or stretched, he eventually breaks down into nearly insane as a rant about how Jesus will come soon, and that he is a prophet, so that they have to listen to it. Just in time, he was taken out, and one of the couple wonders if perhaps it is the charm he had heard so much about. <br /> <br /> The irony is that this essentially means that the professor has become the self-proclaimed (and most likely false) prophet says that he knows that the Rapture was next, and he was sent by God, if verily, he was sent by his fellow Bible professor and has no knowledge of God (what was said or even hinted at). <, Br /> <br /> As I understand it, Revelation states that the end time is only for God to know, and at the end of the film we see the inventor professor trying (and failing) to send a Bible in the future, first in 2080, then 2070, etc., as the scene fades. It is obvious that he is trying to determine the exact date of the end of time - that he should not be able to know! In fact, the whole premise of the film cancels itself, because being so persistent in their religious beliefs and how certain things for God only know this means that not only can be a time machine in the first place, because then humanity can find something that only God should know! The premise of the film is destroyed and does it mostly useless, as it undermines its own credibility in the end.
