This early John Wayne Western Lone Star has a little more going for it than an ordinary oaters Wayne did not have solutions for Lone Star so far. On the one hand, he has his old friend Paul Fix it; Fix, being much better actor, the standard Lone Star villain, bringing much-needed professionalism to the environment instead of the usual half-hearted little evidence is often delivered in these oaters. The plot of mistaken identity, payroll robbery and murder, as trite and superficial, as was to be expected that it will be in the 1930 low-budget Western, but strapping good looks Wayne, quiet charm and the way to the line to go a long a way to make it more enjoyable. Fat, balding Eddie Chandler is not quite believable as adultery 'partner' Wayne, and there is a running gag about something that happens when Chandler and Wayne is going to get into a fight, which grows tiresome. On the other hand, Wayne's love interest is played by none other than Mary Kornman, little "Mary" early "Little Rascals" fame. She's a grown 20-year-old now blond and cute as a button. Most of the leading lady of Wayne Lone Star / Monogram «B» was rather bland and colorless, but Mary perky, cute, and, yes, sexy. There's a scene in the general store where she works, in which Wayne asks her to get him a bottle of "nerve tonic", which is on the top shelf, so it should get a ladder and climb to the top shelf. ogling her pert little butt Wayne as she climbs the stairs, and then, when it comes down, and then again a few minuter later, when he asks her to climb up and get him another bottle surprisingly racy for a film made in 1935 Wayne MAKES NO attempt to hide the fact that he is definitely checking her butt. Anyway, it's an interesting little «B», not great, but not as volatile and unpredictable, many of his productions LoneStar time. Final shootout entirely handled all that well, and Chandler gets somewhat annoying after a while, but in general, it is worth seeing if only to see the cute and sexy Mary Kornman.
