I really, really wanted to like Julian Po. I think Slater is underestimated as an actor, and that many of the supporting players are better than they are getting a chance to show in this film. I understand that this is based on a short story that I have not read. So I do not know what I see as the shortcomings of the film originated with the story, were imposed on its director / screenwriter. A prerequisite is an excellent, and I loved the voice-over, tons of open confessional story strikes. But then ...? Nothing! Some of the templates local characters ask Julian categorically to explain his intention to commit suicide. It can be argued that he is not responsible, because it is none of their business. But Julian is someone who, only under the pressure of tokens, blurted out his intentions publicly. Then neither Julian nor the director / writer, despite the fact that the character Julian keeps a tape recorded by the magazine for God's sake, it seems, tend to provide anything other than a poor source of information about Julian's life. He says that he was a bookkeeper. He says that his family moved around when he was a child, because of his father's work. So what? There are several interactions with the locals, who seem to be intended to cover the goals of Julian. But none of them did not go anywhere, because Julian seems to regard all these Dopey locals, as if they were aliens from another planet, as if it was eventually (and only) a reasonable one among them . It can work as an allegory, when Julian fact had any defining characteristics or anything approaching the wisdom of giving. The closest he comes to disclosing personal statement currently in the scene in which he deliberately humiliates naive, religious wife mechanics. And the fact that this scene shows that there is nothing that would inspire empathy Julian. I can see only the character of Julian --as is - selfish, petty and very condescending. Variety is the ratio of the Director napavsyruyu, useless film. And poor Michael Parks, the actor who was once so promising, is not given anything to work with here.
