Cassavetes was clearly intelligent, sensitive man with bold new ideas about making movies. He wanted to be a filmmaker, to break away from the system boundaries and bring new realism of American cinema. To this end, I welcome it. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as their member of the audience, I can not applaud the woman under the influence. Cassavetes took what could have been a fascinating subject (mad woman) and somehow managed to work out a dull film, filled with long-libbed by talking and protracted scenes. He seems to have been a gift for capturing the sad moments of life on film, and it often appears as if he just turned the camera to his family and start up the engine and run. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes captures something deadly REAL - or even the nucleus of something so real that touched the heart so that the film could not normal. However, I found that speech, especially Rowlands', to be artificial. I never believed in the moment that she was really mad. I have met people who are really mentally unbalanced, but I've never seen any of them acting exactly like Gena Rowlands in A Woman Under the Influence. She played it as very unpleasant, uninhibited woman who drinks a lot, and even that is confusing, because we only see her drink once (at the beginning), but it is acting drunk for the rest of the film. There are some moments in which it taps into something real, but these moments are few and far between; it is unable to support the seamless nature of the mentally ill. Again, I applaud her efforts, but some efforts are not enough to make sure the performance of the ring. <br /> <br /> novice viewers who happen to this film and see its high rating IMDb, no doubt, feel compelled to love it and appreciate it highly, to show that they "get it, but no brains washed deception. - judge for yourself. you do not have to pretend to like it. <br /> <br /> As Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could be accused of solipsism in his film-making seemed to find their own mind and their own experience of life so endlessly fascinating he could not imagine that in other countries they were supposed x and winding herself condescendingly But Woody Allen, at least showed a gift for the maintenance of the audience entertained -. he knows that exciting structure of the story and a good dose of humor are essential for any film if Cassavetes had used some self-discipline (and a sharp pair of editing scissors. !), A Woman Under the influence might have stood a chance. But the point to make a "realistic" film if the only people who can stand to sit through it are art house devotees and film students who worship like Cassavetes a kind of anti-establishment deity? Without dumbing anything down, I think, Cassavetes would make a woman a little more affordable, while maintaining the pace of moving to a real story, rather than to represent a line 30 minutes long scene ad-libbed arguments. If you just make films for myself and some of your fans, you have just reached already converted. Watch this film with its own set of eyes and make their own decisions about it. If you are really touched and fascinated by it, good for you.
