The actor and freelance writer / director John Cassavetes A Woman Under the Influence gives the viewer to look at the family of a worker with the problem of mental instability. Husband, Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue-collar, who has trouble showing his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands), the amount of attention that it deserves. From the very beginning of the film, it is obvious that Mabel is very quirky and strange, but after a few minutes it becomes clear that it is much more than that. Crazy. Nutty. With her damn mind. Nick is trying his best to hide it from their colleagues, and after it is particularly strange incident at dinner, he asks her if she'll be fine, as if he is trying to deny Mabel disease. Her only problem spirals out. <br /> <br /> I found some of the specific problems associated with this film. I believe that these problems were mostly present in the stories, and the way some of the character until the end. Mabel was committed, because, frankly, she's crazy. Then, six months later, she is ready to leave the hospital, and her husband throws a party to welcome her back. He never acts silly in the beginning of the film. Why did he invite all these people, some of them unknown to Mabel, to his house when his wife is in such a fragile state? It's just idiotic. Later, after coming home, Mabel, Mabel's father has a huge explosion at Nick, shouting at the top of his lungs about not wanting to eat spaghetti. His daughter just returned from six months of rehabilitation, and what you want to do is to keep it quiet, and he is going crazy over the spaghetti? A few minutes into the film, Nick brings Mabel into the stairwell and makes her do what she did when she was mentally unbalanced; make it strange sounds and gestures. Did not he sent her back to her best to do and not to do these things? There were various other parts that have occurred since then, but it would be superfluous to simply look at them in more detail. I guess I just had a serious problem with the decision Cassavetes to have his characters act in this way. It just does not make sense <br /> <br /> However, although I had problems with the end of the film, there was one aspect that really bought. acting. Rowlands gene played a strange madman. There were times when I forgot, she acted where I got so caught up in her wild gestures and crazy talk, I was actually afraid of her. It was surprisingly convincing and intense. Nevertheless, I was struck by the rest of the family Mabel. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was mad himself, because of the awkward way he handles his children, his work, and especially the situation with his wife. I too, as a rule, do not appreciate the child actors. But the young people who played Nick and Mabel kid in this movie were phenomenal. He really felt that they were the children of Mabel, because they seemed so attached to her and were so interesting, to help her with the problem. I think their performance is one of the things that kept this film together, and without them it would have made the film less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> In general, I was not impressed with this movie. The story has been mixed and it is not clear, and the characters have acted in a way that made me wonder who was not mad in the film. The only salvation was brilliant cast as a leading family Longhetti. Their realistic dialogue and a strong current kept a film together, and probably the only reason why the film never amounted to anything.
