In women under the influence of Mabel going crazy, but I can understand why she was crazy. If I lived the kind of life she lived with her family in her, I would be crazy, too. Each person in the family of their rocker and not quite with it. She is constantly surrounded by people who shout at her and told her that it is better for yourself and the people who are not the sharpest knives in the drawer. <br /> <br /> To start with the one person closest to her in her life, her husband, Nick, a little rocker from him. He always yells at her home when he told her how to live her life and stop acting like an idiot. Rest of the time he works long hours in his work, and he is not there to support her when she needs support. One man in her life, which must always be there for her will never exist, and if it is, it just makes her feel worse. She relies on him for support and always goes to him first, when she feels that she does not act like this, and it does nothing to support her. When she comes home from the hospital, all he does is tell her how to act, rather than to comfort her, he just yells at her and tells her what to do. <br /> <br /> Other important people in her life of her father. Her parents are not doing anything in my life for her. Mabel works primarily on their lives, because they are afraid to get into it and get back on it. In the end, she even asked her father to stand up to it, and he does not understand, and when he got it, he still does not do anything. They do nothing to help Mabel restore or preserve it from the mind, because they do not do anything for her period. The only person who is trying to do something for her mother is Nicky. Mum Nicky is adamant about Mabel committed. She does not want Nick to a deal with him that she was a doctor fixing it. It seems as if everyone is against Mabel, and they feel that her passion is a good idea, because then they will not have to deal with him anymore. They all want to live their own lives and do nothing, except for Mabel yell at her and make her feel that she was doing something wrong, if it really is not. That's why she was mad, and why it had to be made, it is all the fault of her family.
