If it was called "nonsense! Not only in the film is true, except for the name of the island and the fact submarines were involved. A little more than the quality of the preparation of a film with a bad camera work, dull footage and possibly the low point of the stereotypical "Jap" to laugh at the Japanese infantry, laughing Japanese pilots and one-dimensional square chin Americans are dying left and right. Sixty years later, it's unintentionally funny as odd artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when war fever is on you. The story and dialogues remind me play guns on a summer day in my childhood, looking through the fence neighbor, to get an advantage on the fateful Steve is my best friend and my younger brother. In fact, Makin Island raid was almost a complete failure with Carlson and his people wandering in the dark, exchanging gunfire with the shadows, until, finally, drink and totally disoriented, looking for someone to appear, before they happened upon some as intricate Japanese soldiers who quickly surrendered to him! The withdrawal of several Marines Carlson was on another island, and has been abandoned! The film, of course, could not tell the story, rather than in 1943, so it's a little imagination was made and rushed to release to the beating of drums. With Randolph Scott, and his jaw, Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) master unit, consisting almost entirely of stock cartoons, green rookie (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene) country -deravenshchyna (Rod Cameron), all-American boy (Alan Curtis), and a lot of mockery (if they do not laugh), "Jap." And yet, throw almost overcomes material. Almost. Randolph Scott narrow range well suited to his role as the commander of a serious, and it is supported by a solid group of professionals, who do their best with gruel. But in the end, one object of the exercise music wins. Any claim completely abandoned at the end when Randy Scott just looks straight into the camera and provides agitation (stirring well sorta) call to arms. The throw was better than this stuff. So was the audience. If viewed from the reefer madness and a bottle of moderately priced Mer.
