DVD has become the equivalent of the old late-night circuit of double-counting, the last chance to catch the old films on the verge of completely forgotten how border. There were high hopes for this back in 1982 ?? the script in collaboration with The Wild Bunch in Velon Greene, Jack Nicholson in the days when he can still operate without the semaphore and a large supporting cast (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), Tony Richardson direction (although it was largely a spent force at that) ?? but now she did not even turn up on TV. Material certainly offers a rich layer of opportunities to comment on the 80 years of American capitalism dreams and conspicuous consumption, with the border patrol Nicholson blind eye to the odd bargain or drug trafficking are few people to fund a ruthless materialism of his wife until he rediscovers his conscience when he learns that his partners also in the nursery business sale. Unfortunately, he never really gets their hands dirty, hardly he closed his eyes before his decency rises to the surface. The film feels always watered down as if too much overtime and too many committees left him neutered and, unfortunately, the recent DVD release of the missed opportunity to restore the original, nihilistic ending, where Nicholson goes over the edge and incendiary patrol station border that was cut after a preliminary viewing audience considered too pessimistic, but that still features prominently in the movie trailer. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that, apparently, is not very convincing, given the crisis of conscience restrained Nicholson in the movie, it had to be better than reshoot the climax of crude, where the film abandons logic and even the basic rules of inheritance: at some point it keeps the characters in the barrel of a gun, it is somewhere else, and they are free to try to kill him, one character goes from the wounds in his home on jumping like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande while character Valerie Perrine gets dumber on an exponential level. The villains of the piece easily get rid of the absurd (and one spectacular stunt car) while clumsily edited for a happy ending, and you begin to wonder if you have any other way turned out to watch the movie completely. What makes it all the more awkward the rest of the film is so flat and destroyed, that a sudden lurch into melodrama all the more dramatic. Unfortunately, the beautiful title song Ry Cooder, in across the boundary, said that all this is much more economical. But if you want to know the real crime of the film, he spends more fully Warren Oates in personal bit part. Even if he can not make an impression, you know that something is really wrong. In general, all too easy to remember why I found it so forgotten in time.
