This film addresses the abduction of children from the mother's point of view (Lisa Hartman), who acts as a person in the action thriller. Unlike other movies where the focus is on the police, here mom stalking her ex-husband, who had stolen his son. She gets help from his lawyer, who eventually falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> To finally catches up with her son, a lot of strange things going on. Mom is trying to take the child, who looks like her son from a local children's games in the amateur theater. She gets confused, and then realizes that it was not her child. That in itself would have received the majority of people put in a mental ward, or a few months in jail awaiting trial. However, in this film Mom release in a couple of hours because the victim's parents feel sorry for her. After some time, my mother-in-law burst into her house, and then the police come and they have their guns aimed at her, but they let her go, because they recognize it (and sorry for her?). <br /> <br /> in a different point in history, they found the child, but when the police come to search the house turns out they went through the back door and went into the river by boat, which, apparently, Daddy kept around just for such an emergency out! Mom gets someone to lend her a raft, and even though it must have taken some time (in the real world), she and the lawyer-boyfriend, and the police catch up with the other raft quickly enough, and it is turned upside down in the water by means of contiguity. Instead, to get out of the raft to look for dad on earth, my mother believed that he drowned the boy, and she jumps into the water, when she sees that his life jacket. Of course, she did not know how to swim and sink like a rock. Lawyer saves her, but they let chance run after Dad. In a moment, my mother said that her son had died in a clinic in Mexico. On and on it goes and where it stops, nobody knows! In a sense, this film does use child abduction, and is not very positive. On the other hand, seeing a woman doing all the crazy things people do in this kind of films was fun (or funny?).
