To view this film, I have no doubt that it would quote that memorable scene in "Pulp Fiction" Tarantino (1994), when Jules and Vincent are talking about Mia Wallace and what she does for a living. Jules tells Vincent that "the only thing that she did was worth the pilot." Vincent asks: "What the hell is the pilot?" And Jules goes to a very good description of what the pilot TV: .. "Well, they do show, they make one show The show is called" pilot "Then they show that to show the people that make the show, and by virtue of that one show, they decide when they are going to do the show. Some pilots are collected and become television programs. Some do not Nia, was nothing. She starred in one of them, who did not become anything. "Now, to stretch that Jules said, there are billions of TV shows / pilots who have never been on the air, because they simply did not have ... Well, well. Probably the best known pilot that comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", spin-offs to "M * A * S * H" Gary "Radar" Burghoff as lead. Hmmm, that someone really wants to be looking radar for half an hour trying to solve a crime? Thus, the show never raised. What many people do not know (or what they thought they knew) that the pilots hardly ever shown in the air, because they are made strictly for television networks to solve them. Some of them have made it way past and got into the air (pilot for the animated series "American Dad" comes to mind as a batch show itself did not start until almost four months later. However, there are times were we should all be joyful pilots never make it is in the air, and this is why. <br /> <br /> «Black Bart", the alleged tie to the classic Mel Brooks comedy, "Blazing Saddle" is outdated and fresh "situation comedy" with a little heart and no soul. "saddles" are controversial comedy, however, with its racist humor and vulgar to Media that comes to mind is "what idiot decided it would make a great TV show for PRIME TIME TV?!?» I say "should" because none of the memorable characters from the film, aside from Bart, this confusion TV show. Mel Brooks was not involved in the production of series and it was the first mistake in a long line (in a related story, I recently learned about the unaired TV pilot for a series of motives of the film "Clerks". SC Vin Smith was not involved in the .... You see what's going on?!?). <br /> <br /> Set somewhere around the same time as the movie (or at all), the plot circles around a single Black sheriff in the wild west, appropriately named "Black" Bart, who this time plays a future winner of the Prize Oscar Louis Gossett Jr., obviously, to his stay in the "real" action, while at the same time he plays «G-rated" Richard Pryor. Most of the other characters carbon (if not actually bad) copies of the characters in the movie: Jim, The Waco Kid replaced like, a character named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who fast with a gun. Lilian V Schtupp Now Belle buzzer, more with the nature of robbery in that it shows a dancer and a German Marlene Dietrich type accent and personality. Despite the fact that to a large extent in the end similarities Lead "bad guy" in this story Fern Malaga plays Noble Willingham, who I'd assumed I was Hedley Lamar, when Warner Bros. obtained the rights to the name (see detail for «Blazing Saddle") and his son Coeur ... I do not know, I guess Taggart? History of a bad excuse for a sitcom, much less pilot. Bart has been drunk the mayor's son, and he was out of control behavior, which led the city revolves. In fact, this is a story that tries to enter all of the characters in "series" and is not focused on the diversity and the context, which would make it a "good" show. I can not call it a sitcom (and even if I wanted to), and it is primarily the fact that was filmed on the field at Warner Bros. Studios, and then added a laugh track, so that the show is set almost exactly like "M * A * S * H» (complete with soft and dull "laughter", which is identical to the series). To act so-so, but there is one part of the that always makes me laugh, and that is when the actor plays Reb Jordan almost seems to forget his lines and trying really hard to remember them, trying to spatter sheet dialogue. HA! The script is quite boring and try to make racism more ridiculous than it was in film (Surprisingly, they use the word «N *** er" numerous times through a 22-minute episode, and irritability during this period of time, and even today), and it becomes repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you ever get your hands on this invisible part SSSSS ... surly interesting novelty item, watch only for the sake of feeling to see the drivers (It's a collector's edition with a "brilliant saddle" God knows why). There, the very first chance to get your hands on the reason why a lot of movie tie-in pilots never air.
