It was hard to sit through that awful heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently Matt Frewer was cast because he is tall and thin. His skull personality made for a good zombie in Dawn of the Dead remake, but, like Sherlock Holmes, he looks like a scarecrow. Not only that, there Frewer lanky careless walk, it's hard to watch, but he looks uncomfortable in stereotypical Holmes overcoats that he wears. Not only that, but while the coat of gray twill they apparently were not able to find a matching cap. Thus, its cover is black and it looks brilliant, as if it was made of polyester. Whatever the cover was done, he looked very fresh and artificial. Jeremy Brett sometimes wore the traditional dress, but Brett did not need to dress like Sherlock Holmes to look the part. Frewer, on the other hand, it is painful to watch. Even in full dress "Holmes," that he did not carry himself as Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> cadaveric face Frewer smiles all the time, as it erupts on and on in a very bad «Upper-crust" British accent painful to see and listen to. To say that it replays Frewer is an understatement. After he finishes every sentence with which the nasal drone, then he grins, as if it were some kind of British trait. When I started watching it, I thought it might be a comedy featuring WISHBONE, a Jack Russell terrier. I thought that Frewer was cast as a kind of foil to Wishbone. But, unfortunately, there are no dogs in this film except Frewer. Wishbone would have made this film much better. <br /> <br /> Not only! It Frewer version of Sherlock Holmes never ceases to speak (in this awful artificial nose British accent), but it is a lot of friendly and good. Frewer always smiling at the witness, he says, and he is so polite and courteous, he could teach at Charm School instead of being a detective. Maybe because it's the production of Hallmark Channel, they try to make a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was better at it too), that was kindling and tender. Whatever the point Frewer interpretation of Sherlock Holmes, it is flatter than a pancake, and easily the worst case of Sherlock Holmes, that I have ever seen (including the previous worst, by Charlton Heston). <br /> <br /> In general, the tone of this film is terrible. It reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote and Diagnosis Murder. All suspects for acting suspiciously looked at the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Watson explaining each key to each other throughout the film. Even murder she wrote there is less exposure. <br /> <br /> This is Sherlock Holmes did not compare very well on Jim Rockford Rockford Files, and it is miles below the Columbia. Terrible dialogue, likely attributable to the author. It is obvious that who ever wrote this script has very little familiar with Sherlock Holmes, especially BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This film has all the atmosphere of the scene house on the prairie. The fact that the actors seem to be grinning when they set their lines in their fake accents do not help. <br /> <br /> Only minor spots Ken Walsh, who plays Dr. Watson with dignity. Walsh Sun ham it compared to Frewer, and he often questioning witnesses, his behavior and conversational style is far more natural and worthy of trust. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateurish, and visual clues that they give to the outrageous and funny faces at each other (in order to show that they are suspect) is that I have not seen in any modern cinema.
