One of the most peculiar commonly used scenes romance movie is one: Seriously messed up man falls in love with a terminally ill woman who turns his life before death. Sometimes the story is good and realistic (as in "the theory of flight," a great weeper), but more often it is done, as it is here, where, as usual, the heroine dies "old disease Movie." You know, an incurable disease that has no symptoms but one fainting and need to lie down, as you say, your lover say goodbye forever, and your appearance is not affected one bit (and since this is not the 70s, nor your sex life). this is one of the worst choices with this particular story, where a very stupid scenario puts the two incompatible and unbelievable characters again m, and they are played by actors, are completely at sea. <br /> <br /> it's got to be the worst performance in the career of Al Pacino, and I say that after he saw "The Devil's Advocate" only two days ago he played control freak, emotionally constipated race car driver, and plays an unsympathetic character is dead. he seems to be constantly asking himself why he stayed around the array Marthe Keller (as the audience), and spends most of the movie just ... standing there, usually with an open mouth. The only time he shows no signs of life at the end, where his character proves that he has changed from anxious to released, making fun a bad imitation of the direct West. Hey, it * was * the seventies <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller as bad as dying love interest !; her character was conceived as a bold and free and touching and relaxed and full of life, even if you die, and probably meant to play with the actress with sensitivity, say, Vanessa Redgrave and Julie Christie. Instead, they got a vague face and a heavy German accent, Ms. Keller, who comes across as a more terrifying Teutonic stereotype ( "You eat VILL g omelette!") Than anything like a sweet. It should be reforming Pacino and filling it with courage and spirit, and all that, but it does not work that way, it's more like she play on his weaknesses in the most disgusting fashion possible. It makes for one of the least compelling songs in the history of cinema, where you can not believe that she would be with someone she is useless, and you can not believe that he was with someone who gets on my nerves a lot. <, Br /> <br /> Some supporters pouring movie called it a cult, mainly because of a stupid "frees" the imitation of Mae West Pacino. Scene cry, especially in the context, but it is not worth sitting through the rest of the movie for. No, only to see the movie, if you are a serious fan of bad film, which is particularly interested in exploring the extreme shortage of chemistry between the lead actors, or very bad Casting (not just wire scary, but another friend Pacino plays an actress who looks and sounds just loves Keller with shorter hair, I have them completely confused). This is not one of those laugh-a-minute bad films as "The Conqueror," is just a very, very bad film. <br /> <br />
