I can not for the life of me remember why - I had to have a free ticket or something - but I have seen this movie in a movie theater when it was released. I do not remember who I went to the theater, I was, or even what city. All I remember how hurt I was in this parody of someone dared to call the film, and how half the people in the theater before the movie was over. Unfortunately, I put it to the end, I still believe that one of the worst mistakes of my life so far. My crime was pure horror, when shortly before the closing credits, insinuating the demon child pops out from behind the sign and said: "Look at the Problem Child 2, in the near future" It is hands down the worst time ever recorded on film <!. br /> <br /> the plot, if I remember correctly, part of John Ritter and possibly his wife (God, I tried unsuccessfully to block the film from my mind) adoption of the "problem child." Maybe they think they can fix it or something. I do not know. If that was their intention, they miserably prov flowed because from the first frame to the last of the baby remains brattiest, rougher, the most terrible demon-spawn ever to hit the big screen. Forget Damien forget Rosemary's Baby. This child takes the cake. The only difference is, we should feel sorry for him because he is a "problem child." However, this is not possible, because this child is likely the most unpleasant character never painted. you want to kill it through the whole movie, and if (Spoiler like anyone cares) John Ritter decides to keep filthy hell-child you'll be screaming "A dpravits it back! "shocked disgust (as some of the people in the theater, where I have seen it done). <br /> <br /> This is only the second film that I gave "1" to at IMDb. The second was Superman IV, and God, I can not tell you what is worse. John Ritter was quoted in TV Guide about the time 3 Heavy baby, he was not released. He said something like, "The only way I would do another [child's problem] continued when they pulled my dead body back to perform." Amen <br /> <br /> I prefer to watch the 24-hour marathon sequels Academy police than to see, even twenty minutes a child problem again. 1/10, only because I can not give it a negative rating, which is what he really deserves. Someone burned the original negatives of the film, please!
