Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon begins on an airplane full of American teenagers of high school, which is on its way to play football game in Japan, unfortunately, during the fierce storm his plane crash in the Himalayas. Unsuccessful accurately. With some dead and some living survivors we have to think about myself and decided to wait until help comes. However, only when they think that their happiness can not be worse, they soon discover that a huge hairy Bigfoot type creature Snow wants to kill and eat them all. Trapped, cold, hungry and fighting for survival will reach stranded teen in time <br /> <br /> So, with a name like Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon it can only mean one thing, and that is that someone on the Sci -Fi Channel took another «Creature Feature», though, to give these things a bit SCI-Fi Channel diversity here in the UK is currently dubbing them as "the Beast holiday"! As if it would make any difference. Directed by Paul Ziller, one must say that the Yeti: Curse of the Snow Deamon scary movie, but somewhat entertaining one at the same time, I'm sure it's bad, but it's his native time fun from time to time too. The basic premise is good in fact, is a kind of cross between a Living (1993) with his plane crash survivors having to turn cannibal to survive and excellent bloody killer Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster) Exploitation Flick night Demon (1980), which I would defend to the last breath and I must say that this is not exactly a marriage made in heaven, but, as I said, it's interesting sometimes, if not exactly gripping and well-written. Character mostly annoying American teenagers have expected popret, have a macho hero, strong women and a coward who thinks only of himself, so no prizes for originality. There are some plot holes, too, if the plane load of people crash why only send two rangers on foot to look for them? How are you going to dig a big hole and align it with sharpened sticks for ten minutes? Why not kill the bird Yeti in the end? He killed everyone else to this point, so why is not she? "There are actually two Yeti runs around" the turn is not used for anything at all any effect. At least there is a good pace of the film, it certainly moves at a fair old pace, and I never found myself getting bored with it. There are some moderately bloody action and the film really has a charm that is if the kids are going to survive or not and if they will eat their dead one or not. <br /> <br /> The one thing you can always say about these Sci-Fi Channel «Creature Features» or «Beast holidays" is that CGI computer effects will laugh out loud fun and so that is the case again . Plane crash at the beginning of looks horrible and the yeti, if CGI looks uncomfortable jumping around like this on a pogo stick. There are one or two good scenes Gore, including the foiled hand with crushed head, tore the heart, some dead bodies, blood splatters and the best bit is when the Yeti Man rips in half and beats him with his own torn-off leg before biting a large piece of them. According to IMDb the actor playing the Yeti took three and a half hours to get into costume and makeup, which seems like a long time, since in fact it is pretty bland looking creature. Apparently, the original name was Raksha: Curse of the Snow Demon with demon Raksha meaning in Tibetan Sanskrit, so now that you know, <br /> <br /> This is a reasonable production values ​​considered normal things Sci-Fi Channel, they large numbers, though. mountain place does not look like a harsh and gloomy and the Himalayas, probably located close to some of the ski resort where they largely daytime scenes it actually looks nice warm. Act is not so good, and I do not think any of the girls looked good, that nothing will not help <br /> <br /> Yeti :. Curse of the Snow Demon another terrible Sc-Fi Channel "being Feature», to be honest, that any normal person does not like it, but if you are looking for a bit of a horror themed entertainment, it is not so bad and there are one or two moments of entertainment, which make it is somewhat watchable, even if it is not very good.
