What is unreasonable? Firstly, every hatred towards this movie. It can not be the greatest movie of all time, but it has got a break, it has received 11 Oscars for one reason, it has created eight thousand dollars of dollars for a reason. This is an extraordinary good movie. Which brings another inexperienced approach. There is no idea why this movie left such an impression on me when I saw it in the theater. I turned it on to the TV and video, and when it appeared on the big screen (twice or three times, actually) it had no effect. But it may be, its appeal. It's a movie, yes, capital is M, it's an epic, it's a spectacular place with wind or Ben Hur directed. Now, with Ben Hur and the wind, I played with me and like too much melodrama, I looked a bit crazy. Titanic that does not have anyone. Well, acting was actually very good. Melodrama was heavy-elephant several times. <br /> <br /> But the Titanic work is because it is a mental journey. I usually enjoy movies that excite the mind, or give me a visual thrill. This movie is not completely stupid, but it is not cerebral. Visual thrills are meant only to end the passion for the audience. I did not cry when Bamini's mother died, I did not react to Tierjekar. But it's ten million power, a mental rollercoaster that is a regular tearjerker, buzz will cry like a little girl in Aldrin. And I'm sure you can dislike this movie completely if you see it in the video and decide that you hate it and you're ready to be dry. But if you suspend this suspicion a bit, then if you doubt this epic melody, then you will enjoy it completely. And look at the top ten grossing movies all the time. One of them is bad? What is the score of 1 of them in a single 10? No, not even the Pantom Menace. And this movie made $ 1.8 billion worldwide. It can not be bad Not possible 10/10. <br /> <br /> p. Comparing with Spider-Man, how can anyone consider this? Spiderman was a funny movie, but it was 9/11 Noyzark, which was as poor as it was. It was not just that special thing. Nobody remembers for 50 years. But I'm sure Titanic will be remembered.
