Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictional love story in the historic setting of Titanic. Plot is simple, incomplete, not those who twists that plot and turn and love to keep you in the mystery. The end of the film can be illustrated in the beginning of the film, but the story of love is an interesting subject. Wonderful like Kate Winslet Rush, a young man, self-produced by Cal (Billy Jane). At the beginning of the journey, Rose Zucker (Leonardo DiCaprio) meets a poker, the lower class artist on the way to America to win the Titanic ticket in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and is different as a high class who is so concerned with their social concerns. Two fall in love and the audience primarily see sinking the titanic through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in modern times with the search for a wealth of ruins by a group, that has recently shrunk with the Titanic, which happened recently. One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose Davit Bukker, who had heard about the discovery of the debris of television, and the boat that he thinks of searching for it to fly, to know that the boat is being explored. He gets his memories and the titanic to say the only journey. With this, the scene was transferred to Southampton, Ireland, where the Titanic journey started on April 10, 1912. After another stop on the Irish coast, Titanic went to see his first trip across New York's Atlantic. Historically the first few days of travel became unknown, but the mythical plot of the story developed during this period because the relation with Rose Rich Cal Hukley was frustrating and he loved the third class passenger. , Jack Dawson. As Captain Smith was forced to appear in the film, the director of the White Star Line requested to increase the speed of the vessel so that they made the headline of the newspaper and received additional publicity by reaching New York on Thursday night and not publishing planned on Friday morning. Smith then ordered the lucky decision going against his thirty-year experience of expanding his pace at full speed in Titanic's footsteps. Titanic reported that the Atlantic waters were sailing through the ice, but they ignored these warnings and went ahead with the full speed of filming. On April 15, 1912 at 11:39, there was an ice-view. They stopped the engine and tried to evacuate the ship from the ice, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the ice beside the starboard. There are many small hole screenplays next to the ship and a big gash along the side is not right. The Titanic crew sent traffic calls and closed the sad rockets which were shown at 2:18 when the light finally failed. California lights were shown six miles away but they failed to understand what was happening, and Titanic did not respond to many requests for help. Earlier in California, tried to warn the Titanic of the intense ice, which caused them to stop their journey, but the Titanic stopped their radio in California, leaving the Titanic. Among the 20 lifeboats onboard, first-class women and children were portrayed. Very third class passengers were the worst victims of any type of death and the crew worked hard in this tragedy. The words of the White Star Line employee and the first class passengers were believed to be the second and third class passengers when the authorities tried to get the information about the sinking. Also, the metal used for the construction of the Titanic has been found in recent years under severe cold conditions, which, in the night experience, Titanic was considered very annoying. Overall, the fundamental plot is very accurate in the incidence of events and during these events of the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many characters in the story were not real and only made for it as a logical character for the purpose of the film or to present the possibilities and ideas of the ship. The main group of Rose, Jack, Cal, and Rose, was a fictional character added to the story because they represent different groups since that time. Yet many characters such as Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; Ship Designer, Thomas Andrew; White Star Line Correspondent Bruce Isma; And all Titanic officials were real. The first journey was still going to be Captain Edward Smith's last journey as he planned to retire later. Since 1880, he was part of the White Star Line, where he went on his way as the Captain of the Millionaire during the Titanic crisis. Officials' screenplay was right because only four tragedies were tied, the officer threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship with his pistol. He is on the record as heroically played and James Cameron apologized and had a misrepresented on the point that a monument in his honor in the former Canadian township of the officer did. The crew and non-English speaking speaking countries had a language problem among lower-class passengers as shown in the film. In addition, Officer Loie was the only officer who came back to the illustrated life. After the water came to their home, the old men shown on their beds were based on Strauss. Do not want to go next to her husband, Mrs. Strauss refuses to get her lifeboat and her husband Titanic dies. In addition, Mr Guggenheim, who smoked his brandy and cigarette, was wearing his best dress. The most wealthy man on the ship, John Jacob Astro, who owned most of Manhattan, died, but his little wife was preserved in the lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved and later Medal was created for the Carpathia crew, which picked Titanic's survival from water. Titanic's ticket was more than four thousand dollars and at the end of his life he ended. All inside the ship were internally replaced in the last part of China and silver industry. The gymnasium, which is rarely seen, is resurrected completely with all the machines found in old photographs. Wonderful costume and costume 1912 post-Victorian era was a wonderful reconstruction. At this time, wealthy people ruled everything, because women's gravity movement has not yet started. Rose is considered to be doing every day as women often married for financial security and usually wanted to make Rose as Cal as accepting their spouses a return seest status. Rich Molly Brown did not like the 'new money'. Everything was very formal during the time. In the dining scene, it is seen that women will have to go to dinner by men's dinner. Smoking was not very common in women at that time, but the cigarette holder, which was coming soon, was seen in the film Rose. Generally men do not smoke cigarettes cigarettes. Women are socially organized physically and by their corsets. Although there was no background in James Cameron's historical films, he spent two years cross-referencing Titanic history with Titanic experience and took a few liberties. Beautiful cinematography and special effects also helped make the movie more exciting. <br /> <br /> An acknowledged message from the Titanic can be seen because the ship spent about three hours thinking about their death. Director, James Cameron, shows various reactions at this time of crisis in human life. Everyone has different reactions and can think of how he responded to the situation in Titanic on that reactionary night. In addition, this film was portrayed as a reflection of the 1990's because it focuses on the ruins of the Titanic. In the last fifteen years only the actual Titanic sites have been found and discovered. This movie was able to focus our attention on the disaster, which many have not seen. However, moral questions have been asked whether people should accept the treasures of the ruins of the graveyard of water today. Titanic has tried to stop the small inspection mission, but all failed. Since it stands today, no one can travel for the Titanic and any of the valuable things portrayed in the film show the general values ​​of our times. <br /> <br /> The technically good movie is done very well. To get footage of the debris under the ocean, take twelve dive to get all the footage needed for the picture. In addition, special cameras had to be created to prevent the ocean's acute pressure. After 88 years of the ship's collapse, nobody plans to go inside the Carbon Titanic, but it offers a unique perspective in the ship. In addition, the whole film came out of the remnants of Titanic from the ruins of Titanic during its original journey. This place works as a wonderful transformation in the modern scene of the past scene during travel, which makes it easy to follow the story simply. A septune recreation is used at the beginning of the film, when real people leave the real Titanic European coast and make a difference from other film events. <br /> <br /> The Titanic is almost like a historical biography and is a work of art, like a true epic. Like most history novels, we finally know, but do not remove it from the amazing behaviors found in this movie. Some aspects of this movie are Academy Award material, clothing, sound, cinematography and editing. If you like interesting characters that inspire you in the life of the early 1900s and how they deal with disasters, then this film is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
