I avoid watching this movie for the longest time. Even before it was released, I canceled it as a very popular, very excited romantic piece of Hollywood Skitz, and I did not want to do anything with it. I did not see it in the theater. I laughed my head in disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - though I have never seen it. Then I was asked to be the judge in high school public lecture competition. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was so big," she said. "You really felt like you ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I share my feelings with my fellow judges. One saw me and said, "You can be okay, but if he likes the movie, he probably wants to know more about the real Titanic. The film can certainly do something for his interest." "Well, maybe," I think. Then finally Pay appeared on TV. "OK," I thought, "I want to see it." I did not want to like it - and I did not. I love it <br /> <br /> Where do I start? First - Instructions. My high school had public speaking competing rights. James Cameron does an excellent job of "almost there you are" in the atmosphere. The world's most versatile ship carries on. The glacier's news spread first; Then Panic's growing ideas. You just do not see it; Do you really think it Then - performance. Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo Di Caprio (as Jake)'s main performances are extraordinary - Winslet is better than I thought, but both were good. I was thinking of a perfect "T" down the letters of their rich girl / poor boy. In my opinion, Francis Fisher was the mother of Rose of this show Rose. He was perfect as a snobby aristocrat, and he could feel fear and hate every time he looked at Jack. Then - details. I'm not an expert on the titanic sinking, but I have a reasonable general sense and this film is a great work to rebuild historical details and then weave it all together around my fantasy romance. Very impressive, indeed. Then - the song. Who can see this movie and celebrities can not take the acting of "My Heart Goss On". <br /> <br /> problem. Well, romance was probably very addictive, in the sense that I can not accept Jack that Jack was able to move from Stereje to the first class so easily. (I know he was invited for the first time, but he thinks that he will not be in the first class before he is there for a while.) The reality of separation of social class was illustrated with more reality, I thought when the ship was searching the steerage passengers after the glacier hit Being, first-class people were able to enjoy half empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> A little soft, though. This is a really nice movie. My only regret is not watching the theater, where I think it was so impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
