In 1997, I remember that year: Clinton has banned research, Princess Diana's unfortunate death, Marlin won the world series, and a woman gave birth to a Septulet. It was the biggest year of the Liberation War of Titanic, one of the greatest films of all time: a story about a dream ship, a boy and a girl who falls in love but is separated by their social class. The ships meet with their emotional commitment to the height disaster. I think some may not think Titanic can be as big, the film was bigger than life and there were millions of fans, 85% of them were girls, I was then at the age of 12 and certainly saw the movie more than once. This is a movie that believes me that Jack and Rose shared love were so real and beautiful. At that time, I think that Titanic could not make any mistake, I grew up, and I did not see this movie at the age of 14, I watched the movie for 5.99 on DVD a few years ago and thought it was a good price and I now see what the movie is about. . Was it worth the mock? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was Leonardo's real nose? All right, I know it's silly, but I see the film again. Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, the best movie of all time, not only the idea of ​​a good movie depends on you, but Titanic does not let this first ride with romance, humor, disaster, emotions and disgust. <br /> <br /> This image starts by searching the relics of Brock Lovett and his team RMS Titanic, Heart of the Ocean for the search of a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond. Failure, they painted a young woman instead of the nude line, wearing the ocean heart, dates tide the drowning date. The 101-year-old Rose Dosne learns about the drawings of Calvar, and draws pictures by contacting Livet. He and his granddaughter Elizabeth "Leigh" Calvat visited Lavtset and his suspects in his rescue ship. When asked if he knew the position of the necklace, Rose Calvart reminds her memories of Titanic's memory, she released Rose Davit Butterter for the first time. In 1912, the high-class 17-year-old Rose ship sailed with his drunk, Cal Huckley and his mother Ruth Davit Butterter, both of which emphasized the close relationship of Rosa seriously as the marriage meant that the wedding would be closed, debt-booker loans : Rose and her mother were financially broken when they looked outside of the upper classes. The controller tried to commit suicide by jumping from Rose String, feeling frustrated and frustrated when his mother forced him to marry Cal and his mother. Before he jump, interfere with a drifter and artist Jack Dawson. Jack and Rose thanked him for saving his life as well as creating friendly friendships and he shared the story of the adventure of travel and sketching; The first class of rich wealthy rich rich people for their collection of Irish Dance, Music and Beer in the Third Class, leave the first day of formal dinner when their bonds are deep. But the Kailor's servant told him somewhere in the Rose, "Rose is again forbidden to see Jack. However, after giving testimony to a woman for treating a seven-year-old girl as a "decent lady", she denies him and her mother, asking Jack to wear her nude sketch and only the Heart of the Ocean. From the cal When they came back together after a beautiful moment, they went to the ship deck. <br /> <br /> They witness a fierce clash with the ship's ice. After making the appearance of the ship intensifying, how serious the conflict was in the talks, told Rose to Jack, he should be warned of his mother and Calle. Meanwhile, Cal discovers his daily nude drawing and his security note safely, so by planting lavagejoy tree in Jack's pocket, he frames the jack to steal the ocean's heart. After learning to call Jack, he and his mother went away to rescue him every day, if he wanted to go to die under deck. Jack and Rose back to the top deck. Cal and Jack, though both enemies want a safe every day, so they force him to go to lifeboat. But if Jack could leave, he realized that Rose returned to the ship and reunited with Jacques in the first class stairs of the ship. Jack and Rose returned to the summit, the lifeboat was gone, and the ship finally dropped Jack and Rose down the frozen Atlantic. <br /> <br /> So what's the Titanic awake for its promotion? I'm still saying it's a great movie to watch, I think there was still some disappointment and for some reason only wanted to trash the movie because it won a ton of prizes and everyone loved the movie. But it's great acting, amazing effects, a well written story and still looks flawless. Love or hate, you have to admit that this movie is not something that was very popular due to the great skill of Leo's children or to the kat's eyes, this film is something special. It will always keep a special place in my heart, when I got to release this movie I saw 8 times in the theater when it was released too. But all those aside, I recommend this movie, it's a great one and sure to go down in the classic one day. <br /> <br /> 10/10
