Scott Barlett's 'Off On' Pure Madness is not a minute. It is a full-fledged attack of psychedelic, polishing, soil-provocative flashing lights and color, and the first true merging of film and video in an ant-guard movie. There is no story to speak, but is the use of pictures of Bartlett nature ?? Especially human face and form ?? A sequence of emotional response awakens, this biological phenomenon integrates into highly industrial forms of modern technology. In a sense, this film transforms humanism into its equipment, its apparatus, its technology. The theme is connected separately with the use of 'A Space ODC (1968)' by Halley 9000 of Stanley Kubrick, and, in reality, the surplus sequence of Bartlett's images ?? Coloring close to a close-up human eye before ?? Reminiscent of Dave Bowman's journey through Stargate. Visuals are slowly combining colorful, sharp, brilliant photography and face-to-face video, even though we're sitting very close to a television screen (as a matter of fact, the last product is recorded from a TV monitor) <br /> <br /> The release of the movie There is some confusion about the date. The movie was listed by IMDB during the Liberation War of 1972, but the National Film Registry and National Film Conservation Foundation provided both 1968 as the exact year. Perhaps this discrimination reflects the end of the film and its first public screening time. By any means, the scenes are obviously ahead of their time, sometimes the 1980s music video is memorable, and some intense techno music has not been amitized! The 'OffOn' Danny takes the separator image, which presents life from a hazardous perspective of a lot of computer processing information. I had a thought And please do not laugh at this free thinking ?? A multi-colored civilization that holds the world's television signals may very well get a diverse, exotic documentary of human life, which is just a big montage of strange-looking images which may not possibly make a coherent concept. Perhaps this is where Mankind is heading towards an irrevocable division of all its technology, finally pictures and videos, purity and artificiality.
