Directed by Govinda Nihalani, it is a special copy of Indian film. No person who represents the harsh reality of police force and politics can not be the first person and it affects any young copies. A man is forced to join the head of his superintendent of police. We grew up watching big cops / bad cop films in Hindi but it is different. Today's generation, which has grown to see dark and realistic movies like 'true', 'company', it can be considered as a relatively sub-commodity, but it will look at the time of creation. People did not pay much attention to such films, and after the liberation war, the film was made in absolute bit tone after the liberation war. The first success of Om Puri's mainstream Hindi film, and he distributed a class performance as Inspector Velankar. More than his cop character, he is the main part of the acting which is internal. See his scenes with his father, whom he hates and he loves Smith. Smith Patil maintained the status of the expected level of his character. Does my God carry a natural expression !!! Shafi Inamdar was really a discovery for me and if he was a bright character actor and gave some opportunities here and he even surpassed Omk. This film is also a promising villain debut as 'Ram Sethi' by Sadasiv Amrapurkar in Indian cinema. This is another story that he is not getting such kind of role and today he has forgotten about Dharmendra's B grade action films as villains. Watch the scene where Om first rebuked his father (played by Amirish Puri) for the first time, and later shared wine together. How to sincerely love the feelings of love to face and begin to express for both letters of love for each other. Half of the truth (half honesty) between the two faces of the Indian police force - manhood and imperfection and falsehood? Kudas is in touch with Nihalani. Film won two national awards for Best Hindi Feature Film and Best Actor Om Puri and Best Picture, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor 3 Filmfare Award. <br /> <br /> All those who are interested in Nostalgia for Hindi cinema, their recommendation. <br /> <br /> Ratings- 8/10
