Shinjuku Triad Society, although perfect, it is a horribly compelling film to try to illustrate its uber-current region. It is a Yakuza / Trident picture, which involves police, including Japan and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, proposed as a title), but already in its first technical 'Abhishek', Takashi Mike is already establishing many aspects of the film that she will make here From Social products such as black market business of precious products, in this case the human organ is usually from the children; Childhood and nostalgia for a root, which was especially common in the Dead or Elite 2; Thumbing-of-the-nose on taboos in gay sex (tabiros) and violence against women (satire) / violence; Bleeding shedding. It must not necessarily be something like Michael's latest movies, but it is expected that he begins to learn what he is learning, directly following the video programmer's track record. It has received all the attributes, and similar to those followed by movies, equally barbarous and heartfelt, resemble in the crazy (simple place) and its drama, and firm for fans fans. <br /> <br /> The story is about two brothers of Japan, Tassudhato Kiriya (Keppey Shi'a, a beautiful like the hero of heroes / heroes of the Eastwood-Esquiera), who has become a detective and the other who is a gangster. Probably the main piece comes from the gang wang of the takeover (confirming what the gang represents in its extended period, with the real terror in his eyes, played by Tamoru Taguci as a normal wako), and his partner Karino (Teksi Caesar, who is threatening even when Repeat an order over a woman even those who had plugged her eyes after a sticky contract), Those who are kind of ruthlessly pop-ups about a Miike movie. Gangsters have some conspiracy involving organ-trade planning, which often haunts Kiriya and gang rape for at least gay sex-at least with a small doll that the main gangsters want. All of this leads to revenge and liberation, the qualities that Mickey and his author are trying to imitate Shakespeare (for this reason Macbeth Beat was washing his Wang Wang with his bloody hip and some gay sex says "it will not stop"). <br /> <br /> If it does not add to the same emotional level of the effects of a Shakespeare play, it is the same for a movie. Even though the targets of the meet meet in his lower level ambitions: gangster images with some extra level of stricter family problems (the main pressure among the brothers comes out of parental profession and responsibility), notes underwriting crime in the courtyard, and unexpected sex with both sexes. Character finds mentally. At the same time, there is more than a few minutes to Michael Wavy's Black Comedy Classic Bit at Shinjuku Triad Society. Some of its directors should take a grain of salt just for what they have to do, such as breaking the face of a bite or "interrogation" area initially. After finishing a work on one of the bosses, there is also a cheerful line from the young sex slaves: "Thank you, Mr. Wayne Burger." Emmy or of course, there is not enough for Mike and his authors to make the film full of dark comedy, but in the bold and bold aspects of the stories and characters, there is enough to bring some good creators. <Br> <br /> It was said, as the first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, I was quite impressed, and it was a fine cozy-calling card among a mad new artist in contemporary movies.
