I am not quite sure that Rob Schmittt was qualified as a "master" in the horrible genre, because he had already managed to run a horror film called "Wrong Turn" and it was actually just a little from the medium, but in fact he was the second of the "Hightar Masters" franchisee With the best and most mountainous "Right to Die" season There was a similar story of ridicule in the season, when William Malone was created for the episode with "The Fair Kiss Child", although his other long feature films hit "Fear dot less" and "House on threatened heal" badly. << br /> <br /> The story "Right to Die" impressively illustrates the social woes of today's pipe warming, but with gratitude many old-fashioned horror themes such as ex-vengeance, murderous plot, pitch black humor and comic book style Violent. Driving home one night and discussing husband's unmarried adultery, the couple addison is involved in a horrific car accident. Cliff gets away from unharmed ruins but his wife Abbey needs to be completely burned and kept alive alive. Abbey Maam wants to set up a giant media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and to blame everything on Cliffs, Cliffe and her miracle attorney (Carbine Barren of "The Dentist") want to plug her plug and succor constructor. Meanwhile Abe's hateful spirit returns to retaliation and kills someone around Cliffs whenever she is seriously ill with medical devices. After some prey, Cliffe realized that if he wants to stay alive he can be safe to keep his wife alive. "Right to Die" is an extraordinary episode and just such stuff that I always hope to see from a TV series concept like "Terror Masters". It's violent and serious, with loads of violence and loads of tornado loads and sledding sequences. The Euthanasia theme and the entire mandatory media circus are processed in that very good script around it, without yet returning unnecessary political standpoint or morality lessons. The atmosphere is nasty and unsettling suitable for suspenseful and killing sequences. Actress Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney both face up and impressively transformed racks, which is always a welcome plus, and Corbin Bernsen is finally given a chance to portray a middle-spirited and egocentric bastard. Great "MoH" episode; Definitely one of the highlight of both seasons.
