A man and his wife get a terrible car accident. When the wife goes to a continuous plant, then people will have to drag the plug and save her. The decision has become even more difficult when he realizes that his ghost wants to retaliate against him and his vengeance. <br /> <br /> It came to us from Rob Schmitt, who made "wrong turn" (I do not see a movie). Under the belt, with only a horror movie, especially the infamous one, I was reluctant to see this episode, hoping that the Schmidt would only be "master master" in the most liberal sense. Forgive me for my humiliation. As 10 episodes of episode 13, it is actually Sartam. <br /> <br /> The issue of "Direct Right" is confronted and there is enough coverage from a solid plot device. However, this is the only foundation which is rolling stories. Once it shows horror elements, the film becomes "decent" to "spectacular". Great acting, great plot, great dialogue, great mystery I sometimes trembled a bit (which is good) and most: the absolute abundance of pride! Before reading this, I read a review of this episode, where the reviewer said that there is a strong indication of "heliester" here. In the first part of the ceremony, I had no idea what they were saying. Then a few minutes later some pictures reminded me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I do not want to say that it takes away from the film. I do not see any other way to create that effect I made, and in my opinion it looks significantly better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some plot will appear after twists, and the audience may invite the film to give a second look. I did not see it twice, but I think that if it starts (the beginning is not confusing) then the start will be even more meaningful. Sublotto is also excellent with the dental hygienist, and I have seen the main character of his relationship with myself or whether I am feeling bad for him, I have seen myself behind me. He suddenly is the protagonist hero for the whole story, if you I felt encouraged for him as a hero, but he was completely ineligible. <br /> <br /> Stuart Gordon's episode may be good and I'm excited for the "Washington" episode, I think I can safely bet that the season's main episode and other weaknesses and routine savings was not enough. When the legend like John Carpenter lowered me (me again), I would be a bit worried about the future of the genre, but a new face like Rob Schmitt came up with me and gave me hope. This one champion, and brought Schmidt back for the season 3!
