RUMORS "Personal Snafu" is a memorable entry in a series of directional cartoon warring actresses. These films were scored by the top officials of the target and directed, animated and Warner Bros. by the army officers. Termite Terrace with Freeze Froelong, Chuck Jones and Carl Staling. The invaluable mail provided voice for Blank Snuff and most of the film's story and rhythmic description was provided by Theodore Jiesle, as Dr. Saiyas. Using the character of Snafa as a perfect negative example, basic concepts about humor and brilliant imagery are expressed: She was a dop, little twepe that would not do all you have to do. According to Chuck Jones, the Pentagon officials had to approve the scripts, but army bras allow unusual amounts of freedom of animators and folly jokes, but would certainly allow more than the dramatic censorship of the time - all right, of course. <br /> <br /> The title will indicate, this cartoon is an example of the harmful effects of rumors. Setting up an army camp. Private Snafu is sitting beside another soldier in Latin (some of which you will not see in other Hollywood movies of the era) and their casual conversation starts rolling in the ball. We misunderstood the misuse of a bomb attack, then it becomes very quiet, then there is a growing rumor spreading the camp. The picture is really breathtaking: the brain of a caretaker soldier is portrayed as a flashing pot, while the other's lecture is composed of steamy hot air such as "balloon juice". A soldier "closes his face", cannon-style, and you know it before the actual honey flies in every direction. That's at Winged Baloney, The troubled soldiers are telling each other that the Brooklyn bridge has been damaged, Connie's island is destroyed, enemy soldiers come to the White House lawn and are in Japanese California. Ultimately, the camera is locked in a padded cell that has been "Ramar-Etis" and has been swimming for the camp. <br /> <br /> This is a very effective job. The filmmakers have made their themes dramatic with intelligent and stimulating power, and the message is still a legitimate one. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imaginative) can breed wild rumors that spread faster than ever before communication progression. Because technology has improved, our time personalized snifass is able to promote their own balloon juice through e-mail, cellphone and blogging. As a result, RUMORS is a rare example of a wartime educational movie whose essential message does not feel at all dates; Actually it can be more timely than before.
