Hit Cowan is a highly acclaimed author of Team Crab, a novel that was played twice on screen ('Spurlos' and 'Vanishing'). One of the most recent works of the Dutch writer is 'D Groot', a psychological thriller, which has two completely different men, Egon and Axel, who met in youth camps and became wonderful enough, became friends for favorite life. Egon is a quiet, somewhat dull person, who spends his time studying and writing geography books. On the other hand, Excel is a charitable 'party-animal', a heavy drinker whose daily concern is to get her bedroom. At that moment when they meet, there is a strong effect on Excel's Egon, while the next envies for him because he really has a good life without doing anything (like reading thick books like Egon); Finally, IGN even dragged itself into illegal methods, which led to a deadly drug transport in remote Asia. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I was surprised that critics were positive. In my opinion, the book suffers mainly due to the complex structure. Carbbe presents this story as a dry drawing of unusual relationships between two people, but the plot becomes more complex: many episodes are not presented physically, so that two series are rarely the same episode. For this reason, the story sounds surprisingly remote: you often have to know about the background of a character to care for it. Another complaint was that the main characters, Egan and Axel, a small stereototype Egon is' Dust intellectual, while Excel is its exact opposite. In real life, such as one dimensional man rarely exists; In books and movies, they appear to be always there, moving away many credibility. <br /> <br /> Despite all this, this book was much better than that, this movie was very beautiful. Adjusts to his beautiful cinematography, humor, and acting: Fedja van Huyt (Ezone) is one of the few Dutch actors who can forget you that he is acting (in my opinion, can achieve maximum actor). However, the flaws of the film are like books: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so anticipated that it is annoying. Guess who wrote the script? Actually, Crab itself. It is clear that this talented director (which makes the movie clear) is hampered by a poor screenplay. Perhaps Kulhovan should only choose a good book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
