The beauty of this movie is proven in the great illustration of mother's love power, outstanding performance, steady execution and completely innovative script. The film is about the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada, her husband Shekhar and the youngest child. Suddenly her husband told her that her family in India (whom she did not even know) was in trouble and the couple came to India. When they come to the village, the witnesses of the wild rural culture of Nandini are shocked and scared; Shekhar family, ruled by his cruel, extremely cruel and cruel father Narasinghe, lives a poor and extremely violent lifestyle which is involved in murder and terrorism and where women are relentless and helpless. Nakhini started returning to the learning room, but soon his father's enemies killed him. When he wants to leave, Narasimha refused to return him to King India. There is a strong struggle that can be called "Nandini Vs Narasimha". <br /> <br /> This film is not particularly represented in India by positive light, but it only shows very small minority communities in rural areas, so it can be even right. The screenplay is not fair and unilateral in my view because the positive aspect is also presented a bit. Such horrific scenes can be seen in a film in any country of the world. The locations are amazing, the music is amazing, and Krishna Wayshi's instruction helps with very effective cinematography and good editing. This is very significant background score of Ismail Darbar, it is beautiful. Although the characters are very well defined, we can see both bright and dark aspects in different parts of the film. Fully illustrated, the film flows well and is an interesting and fairly entertaining watch. His conversation is written beautifully and intelligently, and although some of these hazardous works may be very annoying, but most of the positive moments are managed to get rid of the tension. <br /> <br /> The biggest power of the film is performance. Karishma Kapoor is as exciting and very credible as Nandini. His ability to strike a balance between weakness and unrestrained emotions is simply incredible. He seems so small intensity, impulsiveness, anguish and firmness that the mother wants to get her son that this little baby is her own son. When faced with various types of firefighters like a volcanic eruption, his outbreaks show us that when his child comes, women can be the most tiger. After Fiza, this is her most powerful performance. One of the greatest actors of Indian cinema is not as remarkable as Nan Patekar Narsingh. Like Narsingh, he managed to become hateful, but he was congratulated as an actor. Patakar demonstrates cruelty, discretion and even humanity with strong faith. He is outstanding. Another great performance comes vaguely from India's worst actress, DePi Naval, who has sensitized the character of her character. Sanjay Kapoor is just enough and Shah Rukh Khan has given great comic relief. However, do not see the power - it might be good, but it's certainly a watch clock.
