If the actor is acting very well outside of the film, it is probably one. I have never seen conversations like these conversations, but got strong feelings. The movie was boring at the moment. However, film editing was terrible. The film tries to go commercially by adding comedy and songs, but they come out of space. Beating like a Karimas, and simultaneously fighting with SRK police officers. Ishq Kamina songs were out of place too. Above that, at the beginning of the movie is too shiny. The direction was not bad, but of course no one can boast about it. <br /> <br /> I would say that the actors have been very wisely selected. Without them, this movie will not have an impact. Karima Kapoor has played the best role of her date, and this is very good in her record after Jubidad and Phiza. She looks beautiful in the first half, and I did not scream her actress and anger as well as an actress. What is most malicious is this probably the date of its poorly written role. Nana Patakkar was as good as his father-in-law. There is nothing to say about him, as well as a role for him. In his final scene, the father-in-law, like the father-in-law, was very nice. Although he had nothing to say, his facial expression and body language were good. Other good performance was small kids. She was adorable, and sure to bring tears of the eyes of the visitors. The movies were probably stored strictly by their performance. Sanjay Kapoor was right, but he did not have much to do. Shah Rukh Khan wasted his bad child type role. <br /> <br /> Ishq came with the audience at the theater in the theater. Suitable for song lyrics and strange songs of dance songs. And son's scales are hot crazy. However, the song was in another movie because it came at the worst moment. People can come to the movies for scales, but they can not do much about it after the ward. HUM TOM MILI was read correctly, but the sensation mood seemed to be moving across the movie. Damru was nothing but boring and annoying. Dil Ne Pukara movie is very annoying to get a mood. Despite poor editing, it will be a must see for sure to perform solo.
