On July 27, 27th, the first episode of a new science fiction series "Startgag SG-1" was broadcast in the showtime. A spin-off and serial of the 1994 film "Start", starring Kurt Russell and James Spadder, the series begins almost a year after the events shown in the film. For ten seasons, it chronicled the adventures and misadventures of a cruel party of explorers known as SG-1. Originally, this series is called as Carl Jack O'Elay (two "El"!), Michael Shanks. Daniel Jackson, Captain Samant Carter, Christopher Judge Tilak and Don S. Davis. Major General George S. Hammond For ten years, we saw party wars against Goyalud, copywriter, Ory and many other attackers. At the same time, they formed the alliance with Asghar, Tocara, rebel Jaffa, Knox and Tolaan. They are not less than eight times in the world and they have not been released until death is claimed. And sometimes even not. <br /> <br /> With all the long running series, they had many welding changes. Michael Schenk left the series in January 2002 in the fifth season to extend his horizons as an actor. Johnny Quinn, the residential archaeologist / gaique of Daniel Jackson's successor party, was a tribe from a country called Kollavana of Langra planet, who played the Korin Namé. However, Shankara returned to the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and at the same time Neamech has gone. Unfortunately, he only made a more guest look and his character is rarely mentioned later. Don S Davis left the series until the end of the seventh season in March 2004, because he felt that it was time for him. The show's original star and controversially his most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, has played the series throughout his first eight seasons. His participation in the Seventh and Eight Seasons was significantly less than the previous seasons. Then, to spend more time with a six-year-old girl, she left "SG-1" in March 2005. Jack O'Neal was far away from my favorite character in the series, and to be honest, I enjoyed the last two episodes, which I also did the previous episodes for that reason. <br /> <br /> A new era's representation for the ninth episode program. As it turns out to be its main actor in Science and Goyoud's defeat and transcriptors leave, many fans feel that this series has to be higher. However, as the main opponent of the series, Goyalad replaces Ory with the series for more than two years. Three new characters were brought to fill the gap to fill it and to assist in this re-invention. Ben Broder South African Air Force pilot Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell came as the new leader of the SG-1. Her "Farscape" co-star, the beautiful Clodia Black, a prominent, sexy, ridiculous, and of course exterior Vela Mall Doran, in Syria, who played the role of former Goodeld host and con artist from other Goa. During the eighth and ninth season, a recurring guest star, he threw the whole time at the beginning of the tenth and last season. Cast of the Cast of Bag Bridges Major General Hank Laundry, new SGC Commander and Jack O'Elay and an old friend of General Hammond. For the past two years, they played alongside "SG-1" fans (Michael Shanks, Amanda Taping and Christopher Judge) and made equal contribution to the Stargate franchisee and contributed equally valuable. <br /> <br />, all the good things are in the end. During the first few episodes of session tuning, the ratings were reduced, which was canceled in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream finally ended. On March 13, 2007, the "children of the children" ended with "ending" what began. Before the series ended on June 22, 2007, Sky and Britain's Sky made its world premiere before it appeared on the Si-Fi Channel in the United States. In the ten years the series was air, it involved legions of fans and even in the case of popularity in certain countries, science fiction series, "Star Trek" eclipsed. It became the second largest science-fiber series in the world, second to "Doctor Who" (1963-1989), and the longest running American-produced Saifee series, which surpassed "The X-file" just a few months before it ended. <br /> <br /> "Staggett SG-1" represents the foundation stage of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, due to his success and popularity, a spin-off series titled "Stargate Atlantis" was created, which was sadly canceled in five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. While other feature film plans have been reduced, two straight-to-DVD movies, "Stargate: Real Ship" and "Stargate Continuum" were released in 2008 and are planned for many more distant future. A third live-action series, "Stargate Universe", also due to premiere in the next year. (Unfortunately, an animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which ran from 2002 to 2003, but was said to be less good). Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as the series series, the future of "Stargate" looks really brilliant. At the conclusion, "Stargate" still could not achieve the same degree as the popular recognition of other major science-technology television franchises like "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", it is still relatively new to the two scientists and I There is every confidence that it will run for many years, for many years.
