Unfair Bollywood Plays. Karisma Kapoor is as beautiful as an Indian woman in Canada, who is married to a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), she has a child and then she saw her family find out terrorists in India only. The drama and the tragedy started, and the film was not a kind of my father's style thriller. The film is compulsory; some of its songs / dance numbers are deplete and lackless, Bollywood songs and dance songs are out of character for the intensity of the drama of this film, at least once we have left the comforting border of their Canadian love home. Even though a number of surprising Aishwarya Rai is associated with a reduction in excitement, if at the end they make mistakes as well. Likewise, Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan was included as a happy-lucky drifter who helped Kapoor to escape from the war criminals, it was a very serious play in a foolish first and when did his character come back to his feet? And her imagination about the judgment that produces her fabulous dance ?? Are dispensed with His immersive comic book dialogues and the fascination of his battle scenes are frustrating from the early chakrabarti drama of the film. This play is supported as a warrior of Nan Pattekar, and the elegant Dappi Naval, who is outstanding as his longtime wife, who eventually fails to stand against him in the best scenes of the film; Ratu Shibpuri and Rajshree Salunki are very good in Sanjay's sister in India and very happy eye candy. But Sanjay himself is very awesome, especially during the advertised advertisement. Writer / director Krishna Wamsey's indicator style is inclined with soft, fierce consternation and sudden take a look, though his camera movement is good. Musical instrumental underscore is also quite effective, Moody, featuring a silly woman voice across a small orchestral group (if any of its bad turns into the soundtrack CD of the shock, Bollywood still can not find the value to include the score with the song, not their soundtrack album, at least in most cases). However, the picture of Karishma Kapoor is the best, though the best, and the intensity of her performance after leaving the film once in India, in early Canadian scenes, Sanjay shows nicely inequalities with neutral romance. Despite most of the film's inequality, Karisma's performance completely sells movies and otherwise strengthens inappropriate steps. Curiously, I also saw the story which is one of the reasons for the royalty philosophy, which I saw because of the Golden Floor and Marie Antoinette, which I saw right earlier, though the shock is a completely different type of film; But focus on an effective royal family ?? Are there Varsil's elegance or militant living in Tig Dynasty's large megalomania instead of reducing terrorism-controlled poverty? Many people who want the spontaneous power of destruction and consolidate one kind or another rebellion, it provides the film with a significant element.
