When I came to this first video, my younger sister got it as a gift and I was probably 12 times ... What was the problem for me that there was so much movie in which there are so many movies where the main characters get mad at each other because when it When it comes to explaining yourself, they do not say just one thing that you are screaming on the screen which will give the idea of ​​the whole agreement, any Ktisangata intelligence could tell. I think I like the most about this movie, the main characters do not mean each other through half ... they do not break and are made, they love each other more and the movies are going on. <br /> <br /> These two kids have been grouped and they seem to be on the opposite side of the first track but they are not different. Louis really is a middle class child who was lucky to be seen in a loving family, and Seselia was a high-ranking child who needed to prove to his family and he would miss him when he left. Anyway, I posted this movie and saw it again ... Make sure that if you analyze the script and please analyze, then WAOG and Daiib should not eat hot dogs, because they really lived in the garden. <<br /> <br /> Now, what is disappointed with the film is the unexpected abnormality. Little children under the age of 5 are likely to be scared to see the screws scene. And, its link to halfway through the film (although it is obviously obvious in the first scene that will reveal the scene), but very casual ... his show must be shown that his show is seen in the show before it, which is not afraid of it except dinosaurs. I think it was a lack of real current danger for the first half of the movie, so that if it is available for the second half there is a slight continuation. <br /> <br /> Considering the target audience, I can ignore the problems of animation and dialogue so that it does not mind ... I think I will give those passes a pass and enjoy the story. It's a great flash for kids and it's stuck in your mind ... You're thinking about how people know you and I think it should be reviewed every 10 years.
