Wow, reviews for the Devil's test are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I run Unearthed Film. We just started releasing Guinea Pig movies in North America for the DVD. Why do I write a review before asking? Instead ask why some people bash it. I am writing this review because I love the guinea pig movie. Why I love MK, because they go for neck and they do not let go. I saw it all. Almost all horror films known as man, argento, fluchi, bava, budgetary Every underground culture is sensational from every Hollywood blockbuster. I have seen it all and the movies stuck on my head in years were of Guinea Pig films. Why do not we hide, why do we watch the horror movie in the 1st place. This review is for the Devil's test. I find it futile by the fictitious story by me. Why do I see horror movies? So I can see Blood and Gore and Human Torture. The Devils test is only distributed but that is all. Pure unadulterated violence. Yes, I like a story but sometimes I only provide ten times the Gore and Devils test. Why do people bash it? Because they like a story so that a person's torture and death is hidden behind a story. It's M to feel good about themselves. We all like blood and gore. It is really really difficult to justify it if it is not wrapped around a story. Guinea pigs have their historical meaning and when they are released they create a splash. <br /> <br /> I am glad to publish the world's most famous horror series. Maybe I will not write this review but then again I should My opinion was preferential because of their release but then it is not again. Before I always find people and look after them I have started free movies. Surely it is exploitative and top, but we do not see horror films in the first place. The Devil's Test is not for everyone. This is only for thrilling seekers and gorehounds. If you think Jason Cinemas and Freddy Kruger's movies are great then those sticks. But if you watched it all on your next level and then test the game for you. There is a reason they have not been released for more than 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and curious at the bottom right and do not see anything with your mom, until she is completely calm Good luck, enjoy and do not stop saving your life.
