David Mammt wrote a screenplay and his director debuted about the 'House of Games', a study involving a psychological overturn, in which a psychiatrist suffers from a dark world of confidence. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crowes) wrote a successful practice and wrote a best selling novel, 'Driven.' Yet, he is slightly dissatisfied with his own personal life; There is no emptiness that he can not define or correct, and it proves his weakness. When a patient, Billy Han (Steven Goldstein), believes during a session, that he gives big money to some gamblers and if he does not pay he will kill him, he decides to interfere in his favor. It takes him to the 'House of Games', where he takes a small dive in Mick (Joe Montgene), who is not a waste of time before a world-wide con-man who loses him to his world. Billy claims that twenty-five big stars instead of him, Mike shows his book and it becomes almost eight hundred dollars. And Mike Slate agree to remove the clean, if he agrees to a general favor on his behalf, in which he is going back to the back cell involving a card game. In the middle of a big, Mike is leaving the room for a few minutes; When he leaves, his job is to look for another player to say a job. By this time, only Margaret, but the audience, as well, is hooked. Conversation, and the unique style of the mate and its actors make their efforts diligent to their lines. Mike led Margaret through the spiritual realm of his elegant existence, and presented him with the complexity of Cons game, we went into the right with him. From the first memorable face-to-face confrontation, the stunning measure of this film shows what a 'tell' text of 'short con' reads and how it works, Mama continues with an impressive fascination. And do not think anything. In the end, Margaret learns life and human nature, and learn some hard lessons about himself. He changed; And whether it's good for openness or not. Mantegana is absolutely writing this film; He will be able to lead you voluntarily in the shadow of those who give every nuance loan potential for a complex character, and. The cross also enables an outstanding performance here; You feel that calm, confident, uncomfortable under the outside outer, and when Mike's experience with him provokes a change in him, he makes you deeply misguided. She believes you that she is capable of what she does, and you can understand it too. Dynamic Supporting Cast: Mike Nusuzzum (Joey), Lilia Schala (Dr. Litauer), J. Walsh (businessman), Ricky J (George) and William H. Messi (sergeant die). 'House of Games' is impressive; He has written and manages several high-level plays and movies, and will not please us more in the future. But this picture will define him; And you can go to the dictionary and see it. You will find it under 'perfection'. This is a great movie which you do not want to miss. I rate this 10/10 10/10
