This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone which includes interesting ideas and cute stories (I think based on both short stories). "The day of the test" is set in the future, the year is unknown, but at a stage where there is candy candy which illuminates itself, huge TV-shown "phones" which are doubled as many recreational machines and are distributed only for certain ages. And on the exam day, a point where 12 years old is a government-required IQ test. This story of the child, Dickey Jordan (David Mendenhall) is celebrating just 12th birthday and is a smart kid, so quiet, even interested in examining that he has easily passed a friend to the friend and knows that he will depend on his school grade. On the other hand, his parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Knowment) say that he should not have used his birthday wishes to get a good score, and their reason is that they believe that he is capable and he does not need to worry about it Clearly they are worried. I can not give anything to the end, but I would say it - a point where we're so proud that why so much of the test is so heavy? In the evening (or else?) Ask her father Dickie whether she wants to watch TV all night. Through today's standards, we would be pleased that he did not want to read but there is nothing to see ... but why would his family ask this question? What has encouraged and discouraged in the future has reminded me a bit of the atmosphere from her fragrance, Harrison Bergen (which I did not get a great adaptation on the screen). I could only provide an opening and last description to make this theme as powerful as obsolete people. I found it to be better than short stories based on it. I did not read based on "a message from the charity", but it was interesting - 16-year-old son Peter (Robert Doncken McNeil) suffers from fever in water. She was always in the Massachusetts city ... but she was able to experience the same fever, Charity Pain, (Kerry Nunan) in the eyes of a young Puritine woman who could happen around herself. Him They are common for both recoveries that may occur in 1985, but the connection does not go away. Charity is interested in the words and words of her 1985 record and they each each other, especially Peter, who elevated enough students to get different feelings from other students, even in college she was in one place. . Although Charity brings an unexpected turn, when Charity reveals some of her experiences, who claim that 13 colonies would violate England as a deviation, she survived fever from death, so common in 1700). Try to learn two ways to save her. The end is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touchy. Both sections of this episode contain many pain but both of the curriculum / warning that Rod Sterling cooked and heard on entertainment, make it happy as a reminder that a great deal of friendship, love and knowledge. There is probably no theme in 3/4, but I think it was approved by Sterling's crew.
