This series was set one year after Abid's mission in the film Stargate. It is a lot of stuff that neglected to mention. For example, how was Startgut active without a human computer? Where did the Goyalad (the people of Ray) come from? How many there are? <br /> <br /> The first episode, a retired Jack O'Neil (made with 2 Li), reminds of the active duty of General George Hammond, which stops the powerful Afoffice staggate from Goyold. Killing four people and kidnapping a woman. We meet Parantara Carter, a bright scientist who claims that he has gone to Stargate for the first time, and wants to go now. We see Danielle married Abidoms, and there are hundreds of gate addresses that they can dial. Then Daniel's wife gets captured by Apophis and became his new queen. This is going on in the second phase, where General Hammond has announced the formation of SGC, of ​​which there are nine groups, of which Jack's team is SG-1, which consists of Jack, Samantha and Daniel. For the rescue of Daniel's wife, they go to Goewald Homeward's Chalak and detain someone else in Saiker Abeidos. They were captured, and just as Apophis ordered them to kill them and many other detainees, Aaffish's First Prime Tilak named a Jaffa saved them and went to the world with them, where they became part of SG-1. <br /> <br /> This is just adventure. During the ceremony, they have gone past and past, moved to alternative reality, changed the corpses, the oldest, the rebellious alliance of Goyal is called Toka, in which the feudal father has become a member, Asgard, a cute little race we have seen in Thor often Jack's friend), and numerous tooth skin can avoid numerous disasters. <br /> <br /> The show has recently been canceled, but lasting ten seasons. In the nine months of the season, a new enemy called "Ory", Stargate and its creators, brings brand new power, new dangers and enthusiasm to uncover new mysteries around the elders. Seventies nine and ten new characters, Ben Browser, saw the role of new characters like Cameron Mitchell, SG-1 and Claudy Black, which is a female man of another world who brings fun new ideas to the team. <br /> <br /> It's all very well-produced, interesting character, superb special effects, and a fine love interest in Samantha and Jack. Different types of galaxies and different types of events, this is a show that you do not want to miss. Unlock gate and move through. You do not regret it!
