This title has been given, this first reminder of QUARTET (1948) probably reduces the stories of W. Somerset Maham, which is included in the film. The author still introduced episodes, but this time there is almost no epilogue; However, the original sensation script provided the only credit to the RC. Sheriff, here, along with adaptation of Mafam himself, Nile Langley (although it is not clear whether they contribute to one segment or work together in another). It may be expected that most of the QUARTET cricketers have been retained for the second schedule - although it is at least three cast members, such as Nunton Wayne, Wilfried Hayden-White and Felix Alemér (part of the last two) QUARTET episode "The Colonel Lady" title) . Although the TRO eventually achieved fewer successes than the predecessor (the third story takes a little over half of the running time), it is still done with utmost care, it has been rotated by a staller cast and in a harsh compromise agreement <br /> <br /> "The burger" speaks of a church (James Heater) - for which the title of the story is another word - the new parish that Jock (Michael Hurren) was fired after 17 years of service) simply because he was illiterate. In spite of his age, instead of acquiring his glory, he not only accepts a wife (played by his Landlady, Kathleen Harrison), but rather tactically opens a tobaconist store expanding on the long road where no services are offered - and rich in business, this is a complete Are developed in the chain. Seeing the last scene, he was seen visiting the bank manager Felix Alemer, who was surprised to know about the lack of teaching of Hether, but he was asked what was his other interests - with the measurement of some of the rich (and respected) Tobacconist reply, the taunting, he There was a verger call to be! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know everything", it is the lowest but perhaps the most compelling: Despite the name of the foreign name of Keladai on the sea, an incredible young man (Nigel Patrick), completely absent by the British's impossible presence Become. Almost every subject under the sun is an authority. Two passengers of Nunton Wayne and Wilfried Hyde-White have to take care of him most - secondly because he saw Patrick's view of his beautiful wife (Ana Crowford) and shared the cabin with him. During the fancy dress, the passengers decided to retaliate at the Kelda, one of them was disguised by him (a glimpse that he did not understand naturally)! Crawford said that the necklace he's wearing challenges an imitation, Wayne Patrick, to name his worth ... but the next one realizes that it is the actual article and if that was the position of Crowford that he had said, compromise, so Kelda would be able to ridicule himself publicly. Rather, it reveals the fact that the woman is probably a secret fan! <br /> <br /> can be excluded from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with patients in many places run by entry moral; Playwright is a new intern, Roland Calvar, who has a lot of ongoing. In fact, the particularity is highlighted in three distinct chunks - one ridiculous ('fadud' among the Santorum operated by Finley Curry and John Laurie, the longest resident of two adult Scottishs), a mylodratic (uncertain relationship with the unhappy patient) Raymond Huntley and long tolerant Teammate Betty Ann Davies) and a bittsweet (the savage but impressive gene Simmons eta Dyasim CAD Michael renira romance in which Simmons morala diagnosed with the majority in spite of everything is a 'lifetime' When Renee was left alone with him a few years, the couple was taken to the altar).
