This review is harmful for people who are not aware of the true story based on this true story. <br /> <br /> "A civil society is fundamental right among others in the innocent until proven guilty"; But according to Fred Skcci, but a tragic story about the murder of a famous Australian, it was not given to Lindsay Chamberlain for the murder of his child. The story of his innocence was unlikely (a dingo was accused of accepting it), but those who accused him more of the crime and there was no solid evidence against him. But the Australian public was relocated by the possibility of its crime, and when appearing in the media deeply, the religious chambers became obscure (and of course there was nothing other than innocent in this process of media). So though it was cleared by the initial investigation, they were later sued and convicted. Even though Chamberlain is finally released, this shamefully only follows the "new" evidence of their innocence proof, no protest will be produced. <br /> <br /> 'A Cree in the Dark' has been well-played, especially by Merrill Strip, who holds trusted Australian accents (at least in the ears of these pomas) and has kept Lindy sympathetic (to us), though he is still national Hate was able to become a personality. Apparently he goes to jail, the scenes are simple but heartfelt, because we believe in the characters as real. <br /> <br /> In spite of the accuracy of this story (I can not comment on it), the bigger theme of this movie will be a truly true story with the passing knowledge of British popular newspaper. The ruthless habit of appealing direct appeals to their readers' at least charity instincts. No legal system should ever be perfect; But in contemporary British tabloid, the current tears against the shelter finder came from the same hole in the temple, which kept Lindi Chamberlain away. I'm not a religious person, but the Bible still has some killer lines (if you forgive the punishment). "Judge You Will not Be Judged" One of them.
