- This movie tells the story of a prince, whose life is wonderful, but an evil wizard tells him to enter the disguised town as a beggar, then lock the wizard and soon become shadow ruler of Baghdad. A burglar appeared in the prison capital Abu, who helped him escape from prison and walk in a town called Sitar where he filled the princess, who has become mad in love, but he also falls in love with the unnamed evil wizard Jaffa Rajkanya. He tried to convince his father to allow her to marry him. Jaffa soon learned that the princess is trying to win the hearts of girls, so she blinded her and turned her back towards the dog. As a result, they are continuing an adventure to defeat the Prince and Abu Jafa, to restore peace in Baghdad and find a way to marry the princess. During their journey, they have never seen this old eye that Abu Lago really is a hungry, and a flying horse probably gives birth to a most beautiful sequence, on a flight through the clouds which face everything from the barbarian genes. <br /> <br /> - This is a pure fantasy film that starts to end, it's flying horses, genes, flying carpets and wizards, which can actually do magic with their employees, rather than just striking people. It is not a sugar moment and love stories are not wasted during the time. Production Design This movie is just stunning. From the palace to the various dangerous traps that the heroes face. Though the film is more than 40 years old, production designs are far better than most of today's sticks in today's movies. Music and songs are working well. One of the great music moments in the movie is no doubt that anyone would see it, "I want to sail a sail over the ocean". I usually find it about my taxable as taxable, I do not have a huge fan of singing in the movie but I will be more than happy to make exceptions for this movie. <br /> <br /> For me, the movie is a perfect fact that you can see what you do not see in everyday life, because of the same reason why I like stuff like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill". Before today's modern fantasy film, we came to hurt our mind with our real-life CGI, which will scatter your mind everywhere without scattering the green screen. One of my favorite shots of "Two Towers" is where we saw the opening scenes of Black Gates, the main appeal of this shot for me is basically watching these fun fantasies which are basically manual work and I like Jenny and other animals in this movie . They are just trying to live like others who give them real feelings even though they are just fantastic people <br /> <br /> - It is impossible to see this movie and is not noticed where the creator of "Aladdin" got their inspiration. The character of this film is that most of the characters in the film are from the conversation Jenny to the Flying Carpet, most of the characters This is not a bad thing in my eyes because it is very nice to know that I am not the only one on this planet that is deep emotional love for this amazing movie. I saw it as a child in the first homeland and thought it was the greatest thing in the world and even after seeing it last week, I still find it amazing. It is a true connotation which can endure a great movie time test. Sure, the effects look a little too old and sticky but it returns to 40 so that it gives a break. When tested in today's stadium, most of the stuff can still hold its own hand today, but not everything looks old. <br /> <br /> If you ever want to see the Live Action version of "Alladin" you would like to be with this, but anger cynical bunch will probably avoid avoiding this, because this will not be their cup of tea.
