The storyline of "Bagdad Thief" is complicated, because the flashbacks have been said and there are three separate and equally important strains stitched together. Lajo Viros script and Miles Malson's conversation are running efficiently from all aspects of the story. The young King of Baghdad, King Ahmad, is angry with his fan Jaffar. Disguised when he blamed him for Jafar's work and hated him. He is in Jafar Jail, where he meets Abu Tarun Chor. The two fled and took a boat in the city of Basar. There the spies go on spying when people open the road so that no one can see the princess of the city. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. He told him that he came from time to time afterwards and won a kiss. Then he is captured. When Jafar comes to win the throne for himself, then Ahmad tortures him and he turns him back to the dog. Zafar then took the prince's hand and asked, "He gave the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the Sultan of the house." Then blind Ahmad tells of his story in the market, Abu with his dog. The prince is asleep and nothing can awaken him. So Zafar sent his servant Halima to Ahmed and the dog, hopefully the princess will agree to him. She wakes him up. He managed to find a doctor to help Ahmad, but Zafar took him away, then he drove the dog into the ship. Then he allowed Zafar to take his arms, and promised to restore Ahm's eyesight and Abu Abu back to the thief. Rajkumari looked at Ahmed's eyes; He is a boat; Jafar sent a storm around him and Abu is shipwrecked on a deserted island. Abu finds out a jin or a dagin, who now wants to kill him, spent many years in bottle in bottle. Abu was cheating to prove to him that he really came from such a small ship, then corks him again. To get rid of him, he gets three wishes. It is for her first sausages. Meanwhile, Rajkumar pleaded with his father to refute Jafar; But Jafar shows Sultan a new mechanical toy, whose six weapons kill him. Abu Rah to find Ahmad The impressive gene took him to the Goddess with all eyes. Abu had to look at the huge spider, which in front of the eye's brain, fought a giant spider, then scaling the statue of the goddess. Abu Ghazse sees 'eye' and Ahmad in a hole. He gin him to Ahmed. Ahmad used the eyes to see the princess. He smells a flower and forgets everything once. Abu bin Abbas bin Abbas Zafar told Rajkumar that he loved him, gave up the mention of Ahmad. Ahmad tried to fight in the way of Rajkumar, but Jafar pushed the 'eyes'. Abu finds himself "the legendary land" where the old people want to make him king. He escapes rapidly for storing a bow and a magic carpet and saving Ahmad and Princess instead. To save the young man from the death penalty, the thief came with the help of a bow and a flying carpet, with the help of the death penalty, who came to see the death penalty. Jafar tries to escape from a mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow finishes him. Ahmad is the ruler again and plans to marry his princess; But when he tried to make Abuja his vinegar, the young thief denied, saying that whatever he wanted is not to be captured in adventure, hard work and palace but could be celestial. This fantastic story was given by an amazing production by producer Alexander Korda. The production design was designed by Vincent Korda, who was the director of art, when Georges Perinel painted cinematography. Leadvig Berger and Michael Powell, Tim Vellan, Alexander Corda, William Cameron Menezes and Jolton Corda participant directors. The works of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes are amazing and numerous costume designs. Without production, its spectacular and expensive looking visual splendors, I was influenced by the other two elements I claimed, performance by Conrad Veidt as Miklos Rozsa's Qur'an Music and Bad Jafar. Rex Ingram plays the platform with a strange pronunciation, plus its normal intelligence and power. Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halim and Miles Millson as a properly-diverted and dull sultan, June Dupage is beautiful and functional. As Ahmad, John Justin seems to be in love with a young prince and then doing something; He is memorablely good in his winner role. This film has an ample amount of information that is available, I am convinced that it works by another cursor. Its fictional content stands against a very strong realistic set, clothing and set design elements. This is one of the most memorable concept-level fantasies of all time, which is worth enjoying.
