In a completely beautiful movie, I saw that young one young man, then me and then still, the impression of thief's case actually seems to get better with time pass. In the '90s, my daughter and I saw it many times on TV but went to the movies in the local art house movie ?? When we were finished, we came out with a full head of poetry, and Miklos wanted to spend a lot of music, and could have stayed for several hours, and it seemed that this beautiful world was suddenly again. <br /> <br /> <br /> Idealist Prince Ahmad wants to throw it among his people for some time, but the evil gourd Jafar takes him to prison and seize the throne. After escaping with a little thief played by Sabu, Ahmad places a princess and they fall in love blindingly ?? Besides, they have many events (although apparently not enough for Sabur!) And love not only conquers but also destroys everything. The special effect must have been messaged in the 1940s, but the time has taken its toll, and in particular the digital cartoonist has taken even live action, has its impact reduced ?? But after 40 years, they compared the films like Superman. However, if I'm requesting to suspend the suspicion between proud spying genies, flying horses and carpets, I suspend the unbelief of the special effect! Favorite Bits: Dreamy Scenes in Sunlight Garden When Ahmad publishes a romantic song suitable for himself and Adelaide Hall; Stunning colors in the tent in the land of legend ?? Actually, stunning colors across; The winner of Sabu and Rojasa but is still the final end. Conrad Veidt sometimes played Baddee in this and Casablanca's two incredible cinema romances, and then died. John Justin and June Dupless were among the leading roles of lovers, both of which were submerged slightly and instant, but the parts did not call for emotional emotion: only the identity of pure love. <br /> <br /> Some of it contains silently violent images, but with a 100% positive message confirming the rest, it's a proud feeling of experience, it is only sad that nowadays children do not see it instead of their favorite pornography. One of the favorites of my top 10 films, I can not recommend it too much ?? It may appear at the end of time.
