I bought the DVD before Sunset and saw it for the first time a week ago. I saw it twice before sunrise, because the sequel was not big, but I felt that these two films completed each other, just like never did any other sigels, every time I finished seeing one of them, I saw another Feel the need and desire. So, in the end I spent watching them both times a week, I would be embarrassed to mention just how many times. The most wonderful thing before sunrise is how you feel each other developing their feelings of character. The issue of growth of chemistry seems so easy, I think other romantic movies might think that they have succeeded in looking for improvement, but to me - those who do not believe in Nora Afron - the opportunity to really feel before the first movie of the Sunrise. When I first saw, when I was 20 years old, about eight years ago, I liked it. But, I do not rate it as a "great movie", it still seems to me that another thoughtful person thinks a good movie, Linkler was too smart for more realities, it was more than 10 minutes long, the letters were well-made, I thought it was like a dream because I enjoyed their conversations etc. But now, thank you before sunset, I think before sunrise I felt more than this. I have seen elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversation, everything. How each of them creates different components, and has the opportunity to mix them, the story is just a frame of time, I do not feel manipulation any more. And with the freedom of each scene, it refused to be very efficient, how blind I was when I first saw that the qualities did not hurt me as exceptional! Now, 8 years have passed, the more movies I've seen, the more I realize that many movies collect only finished scenes that are only available to end, even movies such as POP fiction or Linklater's own slakers. The story of Jesse and Selain can be avoided, perhaps in this case, before a good example of Sunset, but one of the few films before sunrise which is not just a result at the end, not a destination, each scene has its own life. I did not know when a signature was kept before the sunlight before the sunlight, but one of the most amazing things in my signature is that these two films are visible in front of each other. Before sunrise, I try to capture the lively smallest atoms of JC and Ceylon before applying more stable angels and bright color schemes, the world is always optimistic that the characters do not feel it. In the meantime, I got into a boring perspective because of talking to the worst sunset journalists, and the first smile from the back of the shadows, the most heartfelt smile I saw at the beginning of a movie, and after that many moving shots take me to a place where I am with sadness I do not know how nice Paris is, no matter, and I'll meet again 'M happy. I'm sorry that with my limited English I've been through this long time, Sunrise has already done an extraordinary movie without covering my isolated thoughts and following it becomes even better with a decent signal.
