I was able to achieve the feature twice in the late night on the last night of "Sun Shrews" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004) and saw both films in the row, sometimes I have no chance to breathe or think, each film separately . After it's asleep, I want to say that I love it later than the previous one and I'll explain why. <br /> <br /> Our young actor, Ethan Huq (Reality Bites, Dead Poetry Society) before sunrise, only 25 people during the film's liberation war! And Julie Daly (three trilogy trilogy), then 26 (although very small looking). She is a lover of American writer, traveled to Europe after a break with her girlfriend; He is a young French student on his way to Paris. They meet the Budapest-Vienna train and the train decides to close the train together. With the beautifully captured streets, ideals, and exchange of ideas and gradually falling in love with Vietnam, the spiritual and intellectuals spend a lot of time in spending more than spending their whole night. <br /> <br /> This film has all its writings of 1990: Then technology is running fast, all hope and dreams of the new millennium were waiting near the corner, and young adults like film illustrations love life and passion for the future. All letters of JC (Hawke) and Celine (Dellpie), with all their flaws and inconsistencies (half-American-half-French, by silken pronunciation, error or purpose, and it's characterization of character by switching from one character to another) There were mirrors. With this meaning of money and tension of a naive couple, life is full of chilled and romantic acting, which is directed towards the audience as well as to manage them, which is why this film really worked for me. If their relationship is going on after the film, or the director will not tell you and it does not make it even more valuable. <br /> <br />, everyone dreams of sunrise urban landscapes. Vienna, a good classical romantic Renaissance, and a movie I will definitely come back to insight once again in the future.
