When I saw this movie in theaters in 1995 through a free advanced screening, then I was totally excited and paid gladly to see it. When I talked to a lot of people, I was still sorry that those who saw it and who were completely disappointed and how it ended. I, on the other hand, felt completely opposite. I was completely satisfied with the results and everything else. I said, many people spoke! Plus they were unhappy because they thought that you were surprised by the fate of the two letters. I think these observations are unreasonable and it is also painful evidence that the majority of American films do not want easy-to-follow stories in movies, which seem to be not able to get them with a very complex and intelligent dialogue. Confused They like to eat spoon-feeding equally - happy or sad. This hate me Nobody wants to challenge anymore ??? And in the end (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I fully understand the content because I know my heart that these two characters will see each other again. It's all about romance and fate your own personal beliefs This is a very personal film that does not talk to all people. But it certainly talked to me. Give it a chance! Patience with it! With the setting of a beautiful story against the beautiful background of the city of Vienna, Richard Lincolt has created a very nice film. Seeing this, you feel that you are walking along the city streets as well as on your own carrier. For example, if you travel through Europe on the Eurlele Pass. It's very close. Plus, Ethan Huq and Julie Dellie do a fine job of bringing complex scripts to life. They must be improvised in some part time and it works well. They have a great chemistry in their role. Strangers started to know each other and are absolutely incredible as confident and as you progress in movies, you can really build romance and ties between them. I feel that this was a very private work for Linker and I respected him deeply for the film's creation. It definitely touched me and I hope it will touch many more. Bravo for romance !!!
