Most critics of this thread seem to compare this film with "The Murtal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare their chosen movies, but the "The Martial Storm" and "Watch on the Rhine" matches the problems of the refugees threatened by Nazi Jagannat, when the original comparative comparison of "Casablanca" was compared to the Academy of Motion Picture in 1943 The reason for the unfair treatment of Bomber in the Arts and Science hymn, Paul Lucas is the best actor Karera took place. It does not strike me as completely wrong. Lucas had a good career in the film (here and in England - he was villain in "The Lady Vanished"), and this performance was his best. Bougert performed far more than Rick Blan (for example, he was rejected two years ago in "High Sierra" for Sam Spain's "The Multish Falcon" and Roy Earl, both were first-rate performers and he was "Treasurer of Sierra Madres" , Fred C. Dubbs's "Aussie Lonely Place", and Capt Philip Philip in "Philippe Francis Couge" The Kine Rebellion " Get an Oscar for his performance as the best ransisa kuiga. "The African kuine" to Charlie). I think it was found in the role of bogie dubbs, but it did not happen. But Lucas was lucky - he got it on specific performance of his own career. Something that can claim. <br /> <br /> My film is based on another game of "The Search Window" / script, to watch with "Watch on the Rhine". They both saw the spirit of self-sacrifice between the 1920s and 1930s. "The Search Engines" are actually keeping an eye on the entire inter-war period, when "Watch on the Rhine", which, in a few years, would contact us within a few weeks when we entered World War II. Therefore it is well-designed and is more meaningful for its effect. <br /> <br /> This photo has a lot of performance, under which Lucas is headed by a free, but determined anti Nazi warrior / courier, Davis as his faithful wife (wisely kept his character as low as possible because of Lucas). The center of the activity of the play), the Coulrians are selfish, sincere, but eventually the stupid and ineffable tech, the mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as the wise and grieving wife of Kuluri's), and Cart Catch, who provided a horror of the critics (as the host of the hostess of the local Embassy) Kowluri and others who will deal with the Nazis. It has the dialogue with the bite. And is it really true? It has the time of near poetry around. At the end of the scene, when Kuluris is alone with Luca and Davies, and says, "The new world has left the scene to the old world". Helmman can write very well from time to time. <br /> <br /> I will be very disappointed in the film world of World War II to provide the power of film script and performance.
