When I found the movie in the Christmas schedule, my title was not known to me because I could not read the novel and did not hear anything about the movie. Yet, after reading the matter, I decided to spend my Christmas evening to watch movies. This effect surprised me: I do not think in my mind when I finally saw a movie which involved me at every moment. Acting in the role, without any doubt, one of the movies which has now created the real surprise that I got from the movie. Here are some of my arguments why I consider this movie a very intrinsic piece of films. <br /> <br /> First, the whole content, especially educational. It has something to do with modern audiences - pure truths and some answers to universal questions. What is our time for Christ? Does love still matter? Do you have faith What is the logic and burden of life? Can anyone really believe me beside me? The film answers through content as it may happen to us in what is happening with the characters. Second, the movie is very human. The main characters experience internal strife and deal with extremely difficult decisions. Is it better for Kyle David Demon?) And the date (Megan Paul) to start own life and to forget about family or to maintain values ​​taught in the home? John (Why Howard) loves to leave his sick wife Allen (Barbara Babak) and start a new happy life with Julia (Donna Bullock), which she loves? Actually, Ellen did not recognize him ... Yet, he decided to take oath of his faithful endless faithfulness. John's rebel brother, Phil (D. David Morin), can make his simple life better, though it does not satisfy him or once starts thinking seriously about his life. Fill's prayer to God in the Park is the mental ability of humanity's universal perspective. These words can be said as well as everyone, where, when and how they live. Third, the film is a great illustration of the family, is not very popular nowadays: There are still problems, there is something more powerful that gets these people together. These "some" love and faith. I know it may seem a bit idealistic. All the family can not rely on loyalty and it can not be as simple as that. However, it is a very educational aspect and a realistic one. <br /> <br /> Fourth, the entire film focuses on mutual help. If we want to live a happy life in our society, we must understand one thing: we have to help each other. Alexander (OC Davis) is an example of such attitude. At the beginning of the film, we call him John to pray. Later, he helps his brother. Alexander is sent to John and his family by a Kinda "angel". Is it not possible that we can become each other? <br /> <br /> Fifth, artistic features are also worth the attention. Performance: Barbara gives a true performance as Bobby Allen and although he has a solid role, he does a perfect job. For example, consider the school attendance and want to teach it badly again. Why Howard Is Memorable As A Faithful Husband Image: The most memorable for me was Park and Park (Autumn) Walking Park and the scene of Allen where the sun spread everywhere. I have explained it as a symbol: Even though there is sorrow, it can always be illuminated by light and joy ... <br /> <br /> An impressive character is an amazing movie which actually shows me what it means for love, honesty as well as it Again it has been proved how beautiful and trustworthy it is. In the end, I want to quote deeper words from the movie that I have touched, and hope you do it too <br /> <br /> Kyle is his uncle Phil: Yes, he (John Brighton) Bible But nobody forces you to do it. Still, do you live according to the rules?
