"Emma" could be called by the first Great Zen Austen Chakra in the mid-90's and it was recently shown on British television, which was suspected by the author's interest in the creation of the second Grand Jane Austen Cycle. Two years ago started with "Pride and Prezudis". Currently we are in the Austin Biopic "Benin Jane", and ITV has recently made three TV movies based on Austen novels. Among these are "North's Abbey", one of the six major novels was not previously illustrated, so the cycle should now be complete. No doubt, however, more will come in the future. (Still, his child "Love and Friendship" (short), short novel "Lady Susan" and somebody has ended his two incomplete pieces "The Wattson" and "Sandinton" somewhere.Austhen signals released by modern authors Has been there ??????). <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from Regency England's elite family. (Some critics do not think Victorian England-Queen Victoria died before the birth of Austen). Emma Elizabeth Bennet or Fannie Price is better than Austin's heroine, and she does not have to find herself a wealthy husband. Instead, his main concern seems to be finding a husband for his friends. He persuaded his friend Harriet to reject Robert Martyn's proposal to marry a young farmer, believing that the leader of the Harriet ambitious cleric Mr. Elton should determine his position. This project is erroneously wrong, though Elton does not show any interest in Harriet, but he is in love with Emma. Emma refuses to accept her proposal, wondering why she was eager to associate with her friend with a friend as an unexpected wedding partner. It's a Jane Austen plot, Emma seems to be less than a promising spinster, and she is falling in love with herself, which leads to more complexity. <br /> <br /> Emma is always saying that she will not marry without affection, and when she finds a partner, handsome Mr. Knightley, we feel that it will actually be a tender marriage. However, it does not seem to be a very enthusiastic (probably, like Elizabeth Bennett and Mr Dorsi). Knightley, who like Emma (she 21, she 37), 16-year-old and parents-related to her related to the wedding, than a lover. Indeed, more parents than his grandfather, an impressive and selfish old Hypocondriac, who thinks more like his grandfather. When Emma feels her helpless proud and tired friend, Miss Bates, being rude, Knightley knows her for lack of behavior. (His title is probably meant to indicate his righteous nature- the nineteenth-century lady considered herself to be the modern equivalent of the mediaeval knights with striking impressive codes. Both Gwint Paltrow and Jeremy Ntham play their parts very well, but this is not really one of the great screen romances. <br /> <br /> I like Juliet Stephenson's rude Miss Elton and Tony Colette Harriet among other characters. I know that Harriet was an intelligent young teen in the novel, although here he is "Murray's Wedding" - a gouche, weighing a little weighing about the possibility of finding people. However, I felt that this character did a good job in the film's context and did not refrain from ostensite themes. <br /> <br /> One of the more light-hearted works of "Emma" Austen, "Manfield Park" or even "Pride and Presidences", and it is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, beautiful houses and elegant dresses and fine manners are full. Alongside the Rafianian Gypsy, who looks very brief, we see that only "poor" people like Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and they live in such a beautiful pink-strewn parade hut, which will change hands for £ 500,000 today, we can be sure that Their poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty is defined as having no home of your own home. It is, of course, not a comprehensive picture in the early 19th century, but no one has ever claimed Austen as the regency, with kitchen synch realism. Sophisticated romantic comedy combined with deep interest in human character analysis was more than its line. <br /> <br /> 1994's "sensitivity and sensitivity" or recent "pride" and "prejudice" - it pulls a bit in the middle, but it's a strong start and finish-but it's basically a very enjoyable Austen adaptation. 7/10
