In this light-hearted story of Romance winds and love in England, in this light-hearted story against this society, the atmosphere is moving against such a society, which was still appealing, the women were charming and elegant, and the gentlemen were frustrating. Emma, ​​based on the novel of Jane Austen and starring Douglas McGrath, plays the title and heading for the beautiful Gwyinth Paltrow. A custom matchmaker is very happy about the romantic concept of Emma Kamped and tries to connect with each other as appropriate. Coming to a successful ending in the marriage, he sets out his sights to locate his friend Harriet (Tony Colette), but his initial effort is less proven than satisfactory. Meanwhile, his attempts are harmed by the handsome Mr. Nightley (Jeremy Northam), whose insights into topics are often more troubling than Emma and borrow some necessary balance in the proceedings. And Emma, ​​concerned about what is right for others, is actually the most important that ignores the heart: her own The world goes away and the love lives in abundance, but Emma is going to miss the boat. Fortunately for him, any one on the right is waiting for his right bird. Now, if he understands, then enough to understand it. But knowing everyone about true love, everyone knows that the issues of the heart may be right or wrong, depending on the least things; And when the romance is in the hands of Emma, ​​first it must recognize him, and the moment must be seized. <br /> <br /> McGraw has provided a colorful, sensational film that often breathes our new air into the unsettled world. It may be a stupid wind, but in retrograde, this story talks about something that is perhaps the most important thing - in all the truth - to someone else: love. And with the stupid feeling of McGrath's speed and timing, it all comes down in such a way as to be completely entertaining and enjoyable. This is a beautiful, impacted movie, with a wonderful cast, which successfully transmits the viewer at other times and elsewhere. It fares light, but is absorbed; And the security settings and functionality are well-established and a sense of peace that lets you immerse it and just go with the flow. <br /> <br /> Winner Paltrow, who won an Oscar for Best Actress. Two years after making this Shakespeare in profit, this type of house looks comfortable and right. He expresses everything to the British, and it works with the naturality and the convenience that it is such a process that can easily be granted or discarded. What she's doing is so simple and it looks so easy. She has a charismatic screen appearance and a respectful method, Audrey Hepburn is very memorable. Yet Paltrow is unique. As an actress, she has shown a wide range and style - in films like "Hard eight," "Husse" and "Perfect Murders" - she can effectively implement any part of her and touch the personal she has any role playing on her own. But Emma is such a character as she is really brilliant. He is so intuitive and open, and his personality is so fascinating, that he is someone who is easy to relate to and can only show a joy, irrespective of the part that he is playing. And for Emma, ​​she's absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam herself has made herself very well in the role of Knightley, and like Paltrow, it seems appropriate for this genre - in the right role, that is,; His latest 'The Golden Bowl', which he played in the Italian Prince, is less than his satisfaction. Here, however, he is perfect; He is handsome, and carries himself in a way that makes Naytell credible and very real. Minster's 'Pride and Prejudice', like Mr. Darcy of Colin Firth, Northam his own Mr. Made a memorable character with Knightley. <br /> <br /> It also supports the role of excellent and notable capability; Tony Colette, such as Emma's friend, lost Smith; And Alan Cumming, as Reverend Elton Honestly, colette and kumking have created characters who are very real people, and they play an important role in the overall success of this movie. And it shows how valuable the film is to the worldwide players and filmmakers in a movie. The supporting cast includes GREAT SCACHI (Miss Weston), Dennis Hathorn (Mr. Woodhouse)), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bats), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Philida Law (Mrs. Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ian McGregor (Frank Churchill). An uphill, elegant movie, reminder of 'Emma' civilized behavior and the value of humility and kindness around the world is often associated with unpleasantness. Even if it is only through silver screen magic, it is possible to turn it around for a world that it only takes a few hours to satisfy the needs of the renewal of human soul. And that's the movie's magic. I rated this one 9/10. <br /> <br />
