A little tower, 'Nothing' could be a baby film. This is a very clever concept, touches some interesting spiritual themes and goes far beyond what you can think about the Hollywood Convention ... which really goes against "nothing" more than anything else? Two friends of the world who make the world mistake in everything when their life is wrong. All that left, they do not hate, and a big white space. In most cases of your film, only two actors are hard to focus on, especially without any discount to what is going on outside the plot. It focuses most on content, but it is the main Vinsengo Natalie region. If you've seen 'cube', you already know that he likes the situation. The "nothing" of this movie is not clearly an infinite space, but the grandson does in some way lead to making some clustrophobic, if there is only literal meaning and not to go anywhere else. The actors sell it, though you can say these guys friends anyway. Here are two actors (Worth and Kaizan) from the 'cube' return, but completely different characters. They change through stories, and when they are not the most powerful actors in the world, they are at least reliable. <br /> <br /> I'm saying it could be a child movie under the right tweets. Apart from the sequence of some f-bombs and some unnecessary bloody dreams, the scary and often shameless feeling of this film can be easily digested by the kids. So I found it a curious choice that the authors decided to add some cross language and small amounts, especially in large quantities it is not considered. It can easily achieve a PG rating, they can only cut some things and change a little dialogue. This movie is very less objectionable, but parents are enough to keep the kids in it if they want to see it. I simply say the reason of shame because I do not support censorship, because this film is the only reason to bounce the exposure. <br /> <br /> Any time, it is an appropriate entertainment movie, although with a few drag-out scenes. But due to nothing in the literal sense and fully paying attention to two characters and an interaction with them they do an amazingly good job for an independent film.
