When it came out, it was an entertaining entertainment of industrial musical instruments. This day is more entertaining because it has played a limited role as a musical producer of James Cagney, and all the storm shelters run by his trusted "Girl Friday" Joan Blondel. Also gathered at Bobby Barclay at the end, the number of musical instruments is so surprising that as much as it goes away. <br /> <br /> But it's a pretty weird movie. I mean that one of the numbers is one, you're doing all sorts of strange elements, running around to deliver Barty Barty to be a lovable baby. Ruby Keller's face seems to be smiling always, but at least it does not need to act in some unfortunate movies next. You never think that Dick Powell was a tough guy in this film. Apparently all the tough guys are allocated to star star Cagney. As Cagney, its high-speed musical show and so forth are at the same time loving and annoying. After a while it gets a little more. You walk on him and saying, "Hey! I got a great idea for a suggestion! Women are cigarette, and they smokes come out of a pack! No, we work that last month!" It's funny but it gets a bit repetition. At that moment, she had to become difficult with the bad girl, Ruth Donneli, who came out of the character of some kind of gangster gangster. In fact, B gangster director William Kaegli is often credited with conversation coaching here and it seems that Cagney and Blundell are saying something very "street" even though the characters are not criminals. <br /> <br /> Musical numbers ... What can you say? They stand alone as entertainment, just as Berkeley uses human body and geometry is really amazing. But none of them really meant anything. This means that "honeychandra hotel" is not really low or low. And the complete concerns of integration fall apart, as the characters of the ceremony are doing something that can not be appreciated by a theater audience like the movie. For example, at one point they display fine print of newspapers. The whole thing can only exist in movies, so the temptations are actually ridiculous to live shows. I can remember that the time viewers are somewhat less critical about some things ten years later or ten years ago, because it is a very smooth production. It is very good to see that Cagan showed himself off his excellent dance skills, and he can actually share the stage with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their views are really good. I want to say that music is the only mediator, but if repetitive is mostly fun. Generally Bacon's direction is very suitable but not interesting. The entertainment price of the film is inevitable and it also removes some nostalgic value as well. A cut above the "Let's do a show" of the best films of the 30's.
