Created the very first Oliver Stone (Associate) film, and one of the first films of Lloyd Kaufman's amazing career (co-founder and President of the only true independent film studio trompoard around the world, the creator of the Toxic Avenger and the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Filmfestival, lifetime achievement for 30 years Film-maker award). After raising money for his own film, Lloyd wrote this script together with Theodore Garrison in 1970 and advised Garrison to run the movie instead of doing the work. But still he was still inexperienced in the business, and perhaps because of such a decision, he is no longer nonsensical to anyone. In fact, Lloyd's version of his own script was interesting - it's probably the world's most original, bold, experimental and non-compromise manager. But we have a movie directed by Garsushuni. And the weather was due to its powerful script, or he himself was its own director, Sugar cookies are a very intelligent, extremely suspicious and orderly motion pictures that deserve much attention than receiving. The small studio's small studio (this 30 years for Kauffman and his friend and companion even for 30 years, Michael Herz, made of Tromba) was even very well operated that the film looks a lot more expensive, in fact it does not look like a "low budget". The story revolves around Camila Stone (played by Wonderful Mary Vornano) and around her boyfriend. It signifies the inheritance of plot-twists, mind games and personality reforms, inspired by Hitcock's Vertigo and inspired as the least detector. Although the atmosphere is very intense, there seems to be some comparison of Nicholas's disease and Donald Camell's performance. This mix is ​​a very original and innovative loving Laden thriller that makes it absolutely unclear how it ends up, which makes up two and a half hours for FUSS, a very interesting, with a great inter-user sub-plot with a large GUSS unfortunately and unfortunately unavailable. Of course, one of the best films in Tromoe's Library, and again one of those movies that denies strange fantasy that their catalog is one of the bad favorites. Recent interviews of the DVD include Kaufmann Urnov and other leading ladies, Len Laurie (later on in the works of George Romero), thus giving some indication of some interesting insights and some indications of what happened during the time of the creation of this civil-favorite. Lloyd himself had differently guided it. Highly recommended.
