It is true that Danny Steinman's "The Invisible" is a very scary thriller with a very easy plot, no special effort to surprise or surprise, and there is no special effort to bring every single story continuously for decades, but it is not necessary that it is a bad film . On the contrary, my friends and I have been amazed by this vague but amazing little 80's shock-features which basically benefited from some brutal images and sheer brilliant casting. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and her equally attractive friends traveled to a small California town for a documentary shoot at two anniversary celebrations, but their hotels forgot to register their bookings. In their quest to stay, three very friendly but dubious museum creates a curator in Ernest Keller, who invites girls to stay in their remote countryside. One girl Keller and her very intro and submissive sister Victoria hidden behind a dark and murderous secret experience in her home. "Invisible" can easily be described as a cheap and finally reverse addition to the phantom classic "Psycho" and "Texas Chess Genocide". This plot is a series of known themes, which are notoriously and continuously followed by these two movies, such as the family secret secret of cellar cyclone, jealousy, eccentric anesthetic killers, and the use of poultry misuse. Nevertheless, I do not consider these as negative comments, such as "The Invisible" is a completely neutral and modest boring thriller thriller that is not clearly considered to be the greatest horror classic of the decade. Although quite clear in terms of this plot, director Stevenman tries to keep the mystery in the "invisible" house, like the committed title, with the presence of evil. Welding choice and acting performance are really up to this sleep lift lift above the mediocre level. Sydney psychic, "One Flu Over the Kaku Needs Nest", is a psychological psychologist who has become immortalized in her role as Charlie Cheswick, an ideal choice for the role of Ernest Keller. Its continuous friendship and almost naturally distorted appearance is exactly what the characters need. Also Stephen First, who has finally become an invisible philosopher, gave a fantastic performance as "Junior". His effort to see and act like a purely disabled person and get closer to Jennifer in the basement is indeed ineligible. "The Invisible" is a gradual and predictable 80th film firmness that will certainly appeal to the exploitation of 70 and fans of peculiar elements.
