It's a great entertainment action film, cool letters, a lot of steps, and a great performance of Dolph Lundgren, in my opinion, even though Alex Curzis is so awkward like Villain! The story is very good, and I got to be most selectable for kids, plus the dolph Lundgren is just such a surprise! The action scenes are nice, and it's often like Die Hard, without having to set it in a school!, Plus cut the cup is very sophisticated and naive as sexy! The end is very exciting, and there are some cool moments with it! However, I just wanted another villain, because Alex Karzis did not cut it well like villain, and ridiculous for my taste. It should be higher 4.1. As a matter of opinion, I thought it was a great action film and when the kids were sometimes very stupid, they were quite significant with the movie running, even though the shootouts were also good. . Finishing is very interesting, and Corey Sevier's character was my favorite student!, Plus DOLF still got! This is a great entertaining action film, cool letters, lots of steps and an outstanding performance of Lundgren. But Alex Karzis is awful as Villen, I still highly recommend this! Directions are very good! Sydney J. Furry works great camera work, with good angle and keeping the film at very fast speed! There is a bit of blood and violence. We found extremely bloody gun wounds, knives beside the head, bloody arrows, a printed and other minor elements. Acting superb! Dolph Lundgren is always amazing, and amazing here, he was very fond of, he was an amazing character, cheerful with kids, he was very impressive, like an ass, normal and he probably did not show a great mental anger, he still had a hell of fun to see He is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!) Awesome God as Alex Karzis Villen, he was ridiculous OTT, boring, and not always boring at all, he bothered me out of crap. Along with that, Katha Dub was very sexy and he did fine with what he had to do, he was a real villain in my opinion! Funny like Corey Sevier Mick, he was my favorite student, and I really started heating him the second half, I liked him much! He also cheated well with Dolph. Dov Tyfenbach (Wiley), Chris Collins (Hogi), Mofo Koho (JT), Daniel Hampton (Alicia), Nikol Dicker (Charlie) are all great students. Jennifer Baxter is very cute and fiancée as well. The rest of the cast is not fine. Overall I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 out 5
