Jeopardy is a black, satisying thriller, a cut above a B but is not really a major production. It qualifies as an experimental film, like the studio it has made, the metro, the new type of movie, stars and directors search hard to compete with the new medium of television. Director, John Starges, who was the best person and his best year forward. He recently started managing a level film, and already proved himself one of the most skilled craftsmen. Star Barbara Stanwick, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Makker, were in different stages of their career. Stanwick's glory year was behind him, and he still could carry the film because he proved it here. Like her husband, Barry Sullivan was a dozen or more leading people who started in the film, who did not achieve success in a hundred years and many had hoped for it. He was a great, low-cast actor, but in the higher class, the higher class, which made him excellent in the professional roles. The only person who could escape Sullivan's life as a criminal (he is trapped under the crowd and rising tide), Ralph Maker is stronger than usual. It was unfortunate that these wonderful actors Brando and Cliffer came to the movies later. He was on the way as an actor as one of them, but he was lacking in taxis. Instead of saving her husband, she exchanged with Stevenweck, who came to sexual relations in exchange for her husband's protection (in this synthesis only as of 1953), it created a misleading documentary, it was a different type of movie, which could all be raised by Stanwyck's Interesting questions about the character Meeker is actually a more exciting character than Sullivan; And in her scene, Stanwick is alive with her husband and son. But like Strandberg's play it is not a picture of a source, Stanwick might have liked to quarrel - leaving the question of her husband's misfortune - remains unrecognized. In this sense, the effect of the incoming tide may not have any effect, though the film is notable in acting, beautiful location photography, almost all of it outside, and wildly unconditional. Sturges
