It's a great little movie, it's very unique and creative, some great plot twists and amazing performances! All the characters are great, and odd stories, interesting and very interesting, plus Nicole Kidman this simply amazing! It is very difficult to describe the film, because it is really intriguing, it is a comedy / romance, it turned into a thriller a minute later, but it was still very entertaining, as well as the Russian accent of Nicolas was fantastic and very believable. Chaplin and Kidman were very good chemists together, and I love Vincent Castle's performance! Some of the plots really surprised me! The end was very cute, and it's totally unpredictable !, plus this movie is well-contained! You are sorry for Chaplin and sorry for the way he scams, and I thought that all the letters were really desired, and the last part is particularly good. Although it's Nicole's movie, and she carries with her incredibly sexy performance! This is a great little movie, it's very unique and creative, with some great plot twists and amazing performances! I highly recommend it! Directions are very good! Jazz Butterworth is doing great work here, great camera work, strong angle and the movie is fast! Wonderful acting! Nicole Kidman, nicely spanking !, and always as amazing, she was incredibly sexy, very desirable, had a great word, added a lot of presence, was very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin, and was a very mysterious character! , He was amazing. (Kidman Rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin was great, he was very cool, he was a cool character, chemistry was very good with Kidman, what I did not like was his anger on Kidman, even though what he had done was wrong, and how I finally got revenge! Vincent Castle was superb as the main villain, yes he was OTT, but he was very intense and sometimes quite annoying, this role was appropriate for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is okay here, but there was not much to do. The rest of the cast is fine. Overall I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 out 5
