I would highly recommend this movie! And I personally would recommend it to my friends and family here and abroad! It was with the excitement that I had just ordered it online, I enjoyed it a lot! It is not effective until February / March 2008, but it will be good to wait! But first go and see it in the movie. There is nothing like a movie-movie-making experience! Assert that your local movie keeps it! I went to see 'The Siked, Disaster Pinkle' here tonight in London, and was really impressed. It's a wonderful thing: A really nice movie has been created in the Scottish Highlands: You will laugh, cry, you will be moved in different ways, you will be curious and stories will be released, you <br /> <br /> This movie is called Scottish Gladdie has English subtitles, but if you are not the speaker of the ball it will not disappoint you: I only Rue're not my son, and there was also a lot tonight, and did not steal the money by any means! Superlatives Not Enough! Photography Fantastic - There is no CGI here, and the movie is even better - here you have the true photography! The script is written so skilfully and subtly. The multi-layered plot keeps the ancient artists alive in the magic industry. Music is sometimes ridiculous, occasionally hunting, but always adds atmospheric ambiance. And acting? ... the actor ... and the actor ... ... they have the actual knit of this lovely but deep film, especially two major actors, 'Paddog-the Youth' and 'Paddog-The-Guru' (a real rope, If ever were!), Who both carry a heavy load! And the direction? Good Richard Out! And are the producers, fund raising, key personnel recruiting, and arrangements for distributors responsible? A job well done! I hope you will distribute our community abroad! And the Galex Community? Ules, it did not happen without you! We were told that this movie was made in a low budget, but you do not know it and I think it might be better because they are lacking in money, more than being prepared for the heart's prosperity. , And the warmth and co-operation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> To thank everyone and sponsor 'Sikad', Muran Tanning! (Thank you!) Gayle from the world! From the world to Gayle!
