Star cast, outstanding script and strong strong strong relaxation in the 1950's. At that time, classic noirs were launched by dozens of arco nobles. But any value of that galaxy's value, they soon reflected on the mood of the war-fighting for the sunset mountains of the Eisenhower era. At the end of the 40s, more movies are more than that silent cycle, or more in the upcoming Consumer Decade than this little comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings (Carey Grant) worked as Madison Evey's add-on. . Where his little daughter - he sells things that they do not need, they can not afford the price. He is making good money, but like thousands, he is tired of living in a terrible urban "cave". So, with wife Mirna Loy, they make hartals in the rural areas of Connecticut after their dream house. Needless to say, in nature's arms, they gain more than marriage and wedding fashion. <br /> <br /> There are very few surviving lines in the entire script. I do not know if the author received Panama and Frank an Oscar, but they should have. Of course, laughter revolves around all the villages, when the villagers build a large house on rural land. Almost as fast as pesky mortgage piles up, with all the weird types of construction show running and Grant giving a hard time. Of course, no one carries boring frustration or frustration over Grant, so it is only a good after all, especially when Locked Colette has a wolf on its own. Still, surprisingly, there is no comic high-point in the film. Instead, the smiles are transferred so efficiently that they are not at the top of any particular time. For any era it is a real movie conquest. <br /> <br /> After returning after 60 years, we can see how impressive the script ideas are behind. With their live-in-maid, the Blindings can not be a common American family, but post-war migration from the war criminals to the wider city is generally common. And as well as finding a great way to sell more "ham", any other advisory work for upcoming consumers than "blind man" as "add-ons" However, the movie has something sunny optimistic. Well, the feeling sometimes fails, even if the points of faith are only on their dreams, there is a better future on the horizon. In fact, life is improving for many people during the upcoming wave, so I hope this movie will be deeply felt with the audience of the day. It is easily over-the-looking theorem, with just the amount of entertaining, which makes this film an original comedy statement in post-war times. So, if you do not see it, then suppose it is about the next time around.
