As soon as the baby was born, a few years after World War II, Americans saw an unprecedented departure from city towns to the suburbs, where they could fulfill their dreams of owning their own homes. H.C. Co-written by Potter and Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this lightweight but surprisingly obscure 1948 sculble comedy takes the feeling of that time very well. Of course, it's expert Farceurs help to have a trio ?? Kerry Grant, Mirna Fusion and Especially Acibic Melvin Douglas ?? With the frustration of increasing home ownership, the proceedings head with their natural likability kinky. Although the film is now 60 years old, still there is a timeless quality between Blindings' dream and the obstacles to achieving it. Clearly Hollywood thinks that it has been rebuilt at least twice - the first is the Tom Hanks Comedy, 1986's "The Value Pat" and again last year's Ice Cube "Hey Win Doon?" It was rebuilt again. At a glance of the programming schedule of HGHTV, you will be shown how the conditions searched here are still relevant today. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with Jim Blondings, his wife Murrayel and her two daughters swim between two bedrooms - one bath Manhattan apartment. Rather than following the Mueller's idea of ​​rebuilding an apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a photo of a Connecticut house in a magazine and realizes that where they should go to this place. With the help of a convenience real estate agent and against their attorney and family friend Bill Cole, the decision to buy a ramakallah home badly needs to repair the blundings. However, this foundation spread so badly that the house would have to be broken. It puts blandings on Sparker to design a house that is twice as big for the first time on the first floor. The cost increases with each new complexity, template flair and even a romantic triangle, with Jim, Muriel and Bill being imagined. Priorities eventually set themselves up, but not before some interesting snapstick scenes and clever dialogue, which alters new home owners' disrespectful excuses. <br /> <br /> With double delivery and flawless line delivery, this type of French is impossible, and Jim Blandings depicts his most preferred mid-career character. A role largely meant for Irene Dunne, Marine Fusion is why she was Hollywood's perfect wife. She did not get much fun lines, but she mixed a special mix of her brightness and happiness to create an interesting character Muriel on her own. Her impressive views overly spontaneous home painters with her peculiar idiosyncratic color palette show her impressive. As annecular, pipe-smoking bill ("Cole? Bill Bill"), Melvin Douglas Grant shows natural, easily running Elaine as a foil. The small role fills Harry Shannon with special mention, especially in memorable form, especially the mining mines. Tussandar, Louise Tuttle and Luiz Beaver as Gym's Assistant Assistant Mary, like Gudy's loving maid of Blundings. The DVD version of the 2004 DVD has supplied some superb vintage elements, including the first 1949 version that ended with the pair of Grant and Dunne and later with the second wife, actress Bitsy Drake, in the late 1950s pair of Grant. The most suitable 1949 cartoon, "The House of Tomorrow", also included a ridiculous tour of our future dream house. Grant's decade movie completes the classic theatrical trailer.
