Japanese Tomo Akiyamera Keko Mask (1993) is a very enjoyable trash film and it is very fun to see! There are some sequels, but I have not seen them because this movie is extremely rare. A few days of re-releases will be nice some days because I think many trash lovers will love these movies. The tongue of the fairy tale is a very strict school which teachers believe is the most important thing in education that teachers are right to torture students to achieve discipline. The school looks incredibly funny (only shows clothes!) The human wizard / whatever is mainstream in school, and it only joins in the campaign that it is never explained why she wore such a dress? The teacher is fully dressed. Well, the main point of the film is its name, Keko Mask, which is a beautiful and masked fairy, who always comes to rescue the victims of torture and torture of girls and students! Yes, this superheroine is an effective woman and she plays the background with full Chess soundtracks and beat the bad teachers. The most important thing is, of course, she does not wear anything but a cape and mask with the rest of her body! His identity was not disclosed in this movie and the actor named the credit mask: Unknown! <br /> <br /> The most ridiculous thing in this picture is that the cake mask kills his enemy. She has a gorgeous, but lethal vagina! Yes, you read correctly He flies in front of them in the air, spreads his legs, and lets the enemy's view to be flexible, killing his victim, then he wanders and trumps his throat on his legs! The most common line of characters described in this movie is: "I have never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "now I can die in peace." This image is pretty cool !! <br /> <br /> Some great taunts in Japanese society, for example, his view of sex in the movie (Japanese sensor unexpectedly all serious hair fog / blood in any film) and some restrictions in school students about it (such as girls and boys speak this photo Here's a great view, where a Nerad meets the bare bare girls for the first time, and says, "Hey! There is fog ona! "I could not laugh at this scene, but I think about the Japanese censors. Also, at the end of one character, that if he is able to sigail Japan films he will be back. I heard it allowed as I heard the sequels equally abusive. One of the succulle blues Brothers (yes, those Blues Brothers!) Should include it. <br /> <br /> This is trash as its most enjoyable, fun and shiny and so these movies are a little embarrassing to find shy. This will definitely get more experience, if it can become a bit annoying at times, but luckily those segments are very few. This film should be completely trusted because there are so many trash material that I do not mention here and it will not need to be told to all of them here. If you like trash movies and movies with a lot of cheeks, I think you will love this little jewel and the director is certainly a genius in this case! 8/10 Perhaps the only movie that is a lively cell of this deadly?
