I borrowed this film despite extremely low rating, because I wanted to direct how many crew members to manage the character of the world over. Actually, they are not - at least, so it seems. Some camio's look is fantastic in film rather than cutting it - that's what most of the viewers think. However, after the surprise, until finally, and unfortunately, most of the viewers probably closed the film. When I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film was "death to death" then I was surprised. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This movie is about a young girl who goes alone on this boat (which is totally unclear), you can only understand in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English title "Hunted Boat" on your head, then you definitely feel that the presence of cameras in strange identity "Ghost" But in reality, this film is not like most other horror films from other authors-surveillance perspective, which can often distinguish between different realities, it is said from the perspective of young women. We do not see him alone, but we saw four friends together because he saw them. We do not see Him alone So, the parallel world does not flickering the look of the film flickering, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world where there are four friends in the world and the earth. The horror of the Third World War is probably the young man who came for a short time in the boat with the medical skills. <br /> <br /> I am not convinced of the conviction that the filmmakers have "cheated" the audience of thousands of people, believing that they did what they believe is at least "selected" pseudo-actors Along with the extended film, a minimum of fame filled the night before the start of the greeting. Dump at least twelve beer. May be one of the things that can be wrong! But apart from this wonderful, which can only be learned in the last few minutes, then the last follow that gives another surprise. The girl is preserved by a crew of a helicopter and another boat. When he was rescued from his shock, he went back to the shelter where he got into the boat with four friends. And there they again! They poured on them from the boat, which had already been taken to the coast. He leaps into the water, comes at the boat - and they are far away. Miraculously beautiful. It remembers me at the end of a poem at the end of a poem: When I wake up, I saw death standing on my bed. But i closed my eyes I open them again - he's gone.
