It may be a little easier to open a review by describing a movie in terms of other movies, but I think this is the best way to estimate the position of the gangster in the genre. It works somewhere between The Godfather and Kenzi Fukasakara Yakuza Opus the Yakuza Papers (AKA Battles of Honor and Humanity), in which it is both romantic and real, dark and radioactive together. But also as a mother movie, and thus it carries the unique touch of Hong Kong Auty. <br /> <br /> Every two years HK Tyard elected new boss. In this election, one of the candidates is not very happy with this result, so he agreed to decide on some issues with Tridad and the police in their frustration. Although this story is short, the rest has confirmed that it has been much more than that. Such as in the Yakuza newspapers, there are instantly inserted skimming, back-stabbing and formal formation and switching (sometimes it's a phone call - one of the most memorable scenes I've ever seen in recent times) which may not necessarily be for deep play but an interesting plot and Good character makes for conflict. Gangster fanatics can appreciate it in this way. Nobody can expect as electoral activity; Although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the glamor version of Hollywood's violence. This is dark and gusty. The cameras' links are degrading in human terms, which show the humanity and inhumanity of criminals and predators; We do not like it after all the violence we are an integral part of it. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with Style, you should know what to expect. Passing is relatively slow and deliberate. Cinematography adds a vibrant quality to smooth, shiny and dark-colored (black, dark green and orange), in smooth tracking shots. In the end, the elections occupy a strange place. It's not just a character research and it's not an action-based gangster film. It searches for a situation (selection and subsequent), but it does this in style and both realistic and romantic (quarterly events on both sides of the particular godfather's special image).
