Twelve years ago, production of "hat blended" slicher flicker was stopped, as almost all of the sets were dead. Some filmmakers have decided to finish the film, although there is a rumor that this movie is cursed. Well, they will know that some of the rules are real. <br /> <br /> When the scandal is released, everyone wishes to pay cash for success in Australia. The concept, which is a death of today (a slasher film in a slash film), was relatively cool and original during the time. This movie was released before the urban legend: Final Cut and Scream 3 (Well not in the United States but in Australia) so it felt like the first movie with this concept. When the urban legend 2 was released, most of us were sick of this idea and the film was not good, the film was upset. Now, cut the best slasher never flick, and it does not try to be. It's a rip-off, and they throw a girl that looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in an acting acting role. But instead of trying to add some new and original twists to the story, they decided to stop the slash of the 80's slash as "Nightmare on Elm Street" and it's astonishing enough, it really works. The killer is very dangerous and that mask is just killer! And instead of staring at the death of viewers, they created a very nice and obscure atmosphere that kept suspending most of our films. Although there are some holes in the film, I did not completely ignore it, ultimately the biggest plot hole in the film. Forward spoiler; I mean, they could burn the only copy of the movie where they went to the final scene where they showed the print? It makes me no sense to tell you Spoilers end. Above all, cut a fantastic fuzzy slasher with a vague story but I never considered this one of the best scum rip off that it should be bigger. I was surprised that this signal did not get any signals, but I think it's too late. <br /> <br /> Suspicious Australian slasher flush with very few scares. Kat is still a pretty perfect slash movie and I'm absolutely shaky because the story sounds absolutely stupid, but I have to recommend it.
