Like all Angelo Polo's films, "The Suspended Step of the Stark" strongly claims close and close participation in the audience, which actually contributed to the limited popularity of his work. The dialogues do not exclude internal conflicts, doubts, or feelings of any single or exchanging characters. Filmmakers choose to keep viewers away from their own mental reactions and instead force them to explore and study character detection for themselves. As a result, acting is different and implicit, as opposed to opposite and explicitly. <br /> <br /> The action scenes are set in long-term thoughts, where participants are asked to take part, by investigating an actor, his own soul. Like a novel, where the drama rests completely on the author's writing, where the reader's imagination and / or past experience spreads, where Angel's plays are in his pictures: the use of long shots, takes a long time, retired Pacing, has become a trademark that is untrue dialogue , To showcase the film experience visitors from his personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to hold high intensity moments, comes back to gesture, gauge, sound and non-verbal vocabulary, when he believes that words can take us so far. <br /> <br /> The long-running companion of Angelopoulos, Ellen Karyendro understands more than just an intelligent background, but it becomes a dramatic element in the story. A large part of the film contains exquisite, low-quality colored external shots, which have been recorded in a Dibb winter light. Angelopoulos introduces us with "other Greece", which is far from the tourist brochure of Greece, with the miraculous blue sky and emerald sea, which sinks in the eternal sun. Here, the sky is covered and gray, the air is cold and foggy, and the shores of the printed beaches have been replaced by trampled, messy snow in the village roads. The genre is displayed throughout the film through Angelo's 'Invitation' camera. <br /> <br /> Twenty centuries of political statements aimed at "socially-political situation" of the Balkans under the "suspended suspension of Starc" It is deeply concerned with the meaning of "border" and who are confused in the nation. Waiting for the "waiting room" of the Albanian border, refugees, political or others, remaining by humanity, wait. They may be stuck with the political frontier, but unfortunately they still carry with them and deeply hold the ancestral boundaries: Language, discipline and language of languages. Though AngeloPaulos's political views are well-known, the film makes it clear to the political statements about the reasons for the conspiracy theories. In this process, Angelopoulos gives us the power to meditate on our geographical, cultural, political, and personal "border" concepts. Angelo Mathews describes himself as a Greek historian of the twentieth century, and he likes to teach the Hellenic mythology in his discussion. In this film, he is crossing the boundaries of Greek and Italian culture, which is derived from the collective homeric and danceric tradition of Odysseus travel. Alexander is no longer a telemachass, an old Greek politician / in search of the story of Odysseus, who has disappeared, never again. This political man, a brilliant speaker, unexpectedly and undoubtedly left the existence of his bourgeoisie, his wife and the comfort of his brilliant career at least neutrally to live in Anonymous camp. Being a poet in exile, wondering how to change the world. Of course, "politician" is not the father of Alexander, but like "politician" Alexander is standing like a father's picture / Odysseus. Like Homer's Telmachass, Alexander grew up like a person during his Odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course, in the contemporary context Hemer Odysi will see the film restoration and it will be wrong to see. Angeloulas was attracted to Audiasias for her film only on the structural and thematic material for her film. At the end of AngelPaulos, "Odysseus" is more than Dante's Odysseus: She does not leave Ithaca but "carries a suitcase." And Alexander / Telmachass is "suspended" in his home and going back to his career, or when starting a journey somewhere "somewhere else". He also said in a voice-over at the beginning of the film, "Dont's" infra "gives several lines:" And do not forget that the journey is at the time of the journey. The wind leaves your eyes far away. "<br /> <br /> Finally , Although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, during the movie Hollywood Orthodox religious theme is presented as a yellow-like lineman, which is good for their fellow people Lee goes. Re-communication, and images like Christ "politicians." In the final scene, these yellow-colored men express the effects of Byzantine iconography once more on the works of Angelopoulos. They are "stylites", like religious identities found in Orthodox tradition, single and liberal men who take their shelter at the top of the pillars, are seen as spring. "<br /> <br /> The film ended without solving the real identity of Manorawani, Angelooslos does not give us any formula, and the wife's statement," It is not her ", is quite believable and is quite unclear. Not that he is not an invisible politician, or he may be a politician, but the film still ends an optimistic note. It is run only by stars and thus it is not possible to communicate across the border and thus it remains unchanged, we believe that this final scene is taken from a scene across the river: the camera has crossed the border, and the opposite tracking shot Alexander and Inviting visitors to cross the borders Hope that, somehow, in some parts of the border will eventually come to an end.
