The end of the sculble comedy era in the fifties in the late 50's, because the movies are running differently, ridiculously and otherwise. Along with lumen television in the horizon, Hollywood will soon be very annoying for the time. Where, one wonders, the movie has not gone along with the television, or its arrival of the scene has delayed five or ten years? Mr. Blandings may develop a comedy in a special way that offers to build his frost dress. <br /> <br /> Add Man along with his wife and two daughters Jim Blandings, living in a beautiful but way too damaged New York City apartment, one day he might get fun to realize that dreams of building a house in the suburbs that get brilliant ideas. So he bought some property in Connecticut and made it for a specific specifications. Well around He might have changed his mind if he knew for the trouble he had. Then again he could not stay. You decide In this weaker scene, the result of a wonderful movie, the middle class dream is a conflict between the dreams of her own husband and often the unpleasant reality of one's achievement. If you learn Mr. Blindies, nothing simple comes into this life; But one thing is always sad because just be sad. After all, there is a long run. But, Blindings asked herself a few minutes, and how long? <br /> <br /> This movie is a pleasure. I do not think, Cappara-McKay's tradition is a wonderful work, but it is the heir to their thirty films, and the actual events due to the advent of the television are not the actual cultural landscape. . The film has real warmth, and a good deal (WC) Fieldsian hard-held reality is spreading regularly, but it is not so much to give up bad bad taste. Film people are all very smart and rich, but perfect professional high middle lazy high class do not have. <br /> <br /> Lead player Kerry Grant and Mirna Lawm Mr. And Mrs Blandings fullness. ; Melvin Douglas is fined as his pragmatic lawyer friend, who often wants to highlight unpleasant things, like how the real world works. There is a wonderful feeling for a nice word that can call colonized romance, which was later in his childhood, as someone saw that the wood and the stream brought people into the country. First place. These people are still mostly rural connectites, but outside of the water outside the fish. Everything will change within a few minutes, because the suburbs will be in full gear, forever destroying the poor's innocence, many were going to small towns, which will soon be connected to highways, connected to bottles and cans, their effluvia challenge will be met by a city .
