It has created a real culture among all the Kung Fu films created in the 70's and 80's. Bruce Lee, apart from the exception of these pictures, is a film that stands due to time and its unique story. An old aged Kung-Fu Master told his last student Yang Teah (Sheng Chiang) five students trained in the past. All five masked masks and no one saw each other and they were all trained differently. Kung Fu is the name given to them, like Leisure, Snake, Centipede, Tod and Scorpio. The Lord called them a poisonous tribe and he did not know what happened to them, so he wanted to find them and wanted to help those who do evil by doing good to stop others. There is a map of an old man who once was a member of a toxic clan, where he has hidden a lot of money and he thinks as a target. They do not know what they think, so they should try to mix and try to socialize in society. Tuh has discovered that Snake Hing Wing Touung (Pie Wei) and Tan Sien Q (Fen Lu) along with Satepad kill a family to find the map. A map is found by a mystery man, who turns to be Scorpio but he knows who knows. Houng Sina (Philipp Kovak), a local police member, investigated the murder with his partner Ma Cha (Chien San). The friend of sin, Li Ho (men low), is known to have sinned and they know each other's identity. The snake is killed by Leo Hoque for bribing local officials and tortured and killed during the prison. When sin went out, he fought teh and together they went to Tung and Kate. <br /> <br /> This film was directed by Che Chang and was very special director at the film. Chang Shrimp was not your Kung-Fu director and his films were always special to them. Most martial arts films deal with revenge, but Chang does not use it as a centralized theme. After taking some revenge after this story, the film is even more complex. Five men trained in different ways in different ways and wearing masks. Then they do not know in the same area and others. The very unique story distinguishes this film from everyone else, and most of the stories were all in one class. Bruce Lee was a global icon and I was looking for more realistic martial arts, because I would not just keep the same league in the same league as "Enter Dragon". This image still has some impossible feats like shaking on the wall and flipping through the air but this film is not necessarily about war scenes. More about the plot of the plot and the character that is involved. That alone makes this different from all other Kung Fu films. Made with a unique story very well.
