"In the world of old school Kung Fu films, where revenge pictures came in Dime dozen, it took a lot of time to stand outside a film - and even for a number of years, it liked a favorite pane. Chang Chay's best film Hong Kong has been influencing the film industry, Among his themes of loyalty, brotherhood and revenge, John Woo (who worked for Chang Chan H. In the late 1980s, in more modern movies such as A Man Mandle Hero, which played a character of this inspired film inspired by this film, it has also been operated in other areas as well as songs like Woo-Tang Clan, TV commercials. Video games such as "Martial Combat." So what is this movie, especially on the Plot - surface - it's a lot easier. It is related to members of the community, which are known as "toxic clans". For a treasure hidden by their sifu, all the LAN members have extraordinary Kung Fu powers, which are identified by their animal style, or "poison" (to climb the cortex wall Maybe, Scorpio's fierce strike, etc.). Since the twist is always wearing masks, all of them do not know who else So a simple plot almost becomes a mystery thriller. We are not talking about the real suspect here, but it's much more than the other Kung Fu movies of the time. Note that Golden Harvest was not very happy with Chang's script - like most of his movies, they thought it was too dark and violent - and they actually wanted to add him to a great comic relief. Thankfully, Chang was stuck to his gun and lived with his original script, since he was honored with the best of his time movies, if not ever, fills almost complete knit pressure and provides the perfect backbone for extraordinary action sequences. <br /> <br /> But the movie really makes sure. Chang Che has hit a witch's form with Caste - he did not only acquire talented martial artists (who compete with the help of wires or other special effects, in competition for the shame of most modern martial artists), but also got a great actor. The source has proven so popular that Chang was one or more genes in his next film. Returning to most old-school movies, actors seem to play cardboard cutouts, but here the actor actually makes the characters. It seems that everyone has favorite germs (mine is Philipp Kovak - hard-liked as Mad-Cook, like DigiD), and this is a personal connection to characters that creates five deadly genomes that make it a genuine classic style. Even if you are not generally fond of old-school movies, how do you test five serious blasts, if you do not see anything else where modern movies have got their inspiration. "
