This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies of all time and it can be one of the best movies ... It has got a great plot that works like a puzzle, with lots of conspiracies and mysteries. This image is filled with cats and mouse games and cheating, people's identity and their nature. The characters of this movie live much more than your average Kung Fu movie characters. They do all this interesting and compulsive and do a good job by providing scenes to show their personality and desires. <br /> <br /> War scenes can play like short stories, and many of them are original and exciting. It has excellent training sequences and martial arts skills which are so awesome that they enter the state of Kalpana. Five members of the poisonous germ are imitating the special skills of the poisonous creature with its own style. It is fun to see every style of these characters and see what techniques you use in the training that is applied during the movie ... Whenever this happens, the director uses sharp cutting in the training scene to draw parallel. This cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects and the whole thing really works nicely. <br /> <br /> There is one thing about this movie that basically deals with death. Director Chang Ch was suddenly concerned that this picture does not despair of death. Some scenes in this movie make it more effective. We actually care when we are killed in this movie people. Because even if the camera dies, the camera moves to the horrors of death. Some sequences of this movie are truly gut twist. When the character goes in search of vengeance, you really feel their anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time it's a fun movie. It's all the common things you expect from a traditional Kung Fu film. There are bad dubbing, characters want to fight at a hat drop. Some sound effects are pleasurable and sometimes character behaviors incredibly unreasonable ... all of this is just adding to the greatness of the film. <br /> <br /> and do not forget that this director was a visual. Stylist is the most gifted of its contemporaries. If you look closely at this movie, you will see that the exhibition's technical expertise is supernatural. Everything goes very fast (due to rapid cutting style and series rapid camera movement) which is really easy to ignore how beautiful the movie is. Spectacular in light and composing Camera works and movements are extremely sophisticated with very interesting quick-edited editing ... For example, in the scene that portrays suspicion and curiosity, imagine that the hottak is running at almost twice the speed. Chang Che is really a major artisan and artist who knew his style and was able to create important elements while working in its borders. He does not waste the boat of the Kung Fu Genre film, but with his subtlety, his skills surround each scene and each shot, and they increase the quality of work. He is an important filmmaker who can influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is a real package that provides each level to a Kung Fu movie. It trashes the industry, it's emotionally running, and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but that does not allow morality to get the best way of providing action. I recommend to everyone whether I am a fan of this genre.
