When it was first published, this work was criticized by the Myseels brothers and was even judged as exploitation. Fortunately, it is now acclaimed as an excellent form of documentary films, especially now the society faces real exploitation of the real televisions and the bad evolution of the original movie. <br /> <br /> Really, first of all, we have to say that this is not really a direct movie, it is more movie pictures. The difference between the two is very little, but it is basically in this documentary, we have realized the presence of Messel's brother, and they interact with the characters they portray. This makes it clear that it is not absorbed. Mysel has been allowed to stay home, and they are included in a very surprising situation of a very discerning family. And Edith and Eddie both love the idea of ​​being portrayed. <br /> <br /> It was very frustrating that only a description of God's description and shallow interview had a voice. Here, the complete picture of our house madness, it is a madness that works well with both Ed and his mother Edith. Their house is a mess, pores and animals all over the place, faded colors and furniture throughout the house, and constant fighting is the continuous interaction of reality. These two people have spent their entire life with each other and they are not fighting in front of the camera because they want attention, but they can not help talking to each other. They know each other well enough to hide their internal feelings, there is no need. In the end, even though they blame each other for their own lives, they still love each other deeply. Eddie said that she does not want to die because she loves her so much, and Edith says she does not want her to go out because she wants to leave alone because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most striking aspect of the movie is that their daughters can not help women, regardless of their age. They can not help being a singer, another dancer. Showcase all their artistic skills in front of their cameras. When Eddie asked David Moycele curiously, "Where have you gone all my life?" She is very happy that finally she gets to show the skills of the whole world herself and her wonderful showgirls. Stylistic is a beautiful portrait of importance and a charm that sometimes does not seem to be seen, only Mayil and some others do different things.
