"Cipher" is a cleverly conceived story about industrial espionage in the far future in America. Although not contradictory, this movie provides many different perspectives about personal adherence, cruelty and corporate conspiracy. In particular, the film also tries to represent their corporate employees and companies, which are concerned by their contract employees to reduce their risk. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a moderate salary, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who is working as a producer for Digicpump Group. After an initial briefing with Digicpope Security Chief, Sullivan was given a new identity (Jack Jupiter) and to send a business conference to record the speeches of various spokespersons about each of their company's marketing strategies. After successfully completing his first assignment, Sullivan / Jupiter was sent in further mission to receive similar information previously collected. However, his "business travel" one oddly moved between a woman named Rita Foster (Liu), whom he met with his previous assignment and things got very high from there. The effect of an impressive conspiracy involved with the Digicep Spying Program began to emerge, and Sullivan was forced to go deep into DelCorp's main competitors, thus becoming a double agent in the two contestations of the two companies. <br /> <br /> I like what I like about this image, the use of lots of light and shadows in the use of shadows. Lighting lighting is mainly used in domestic / family settings, although many are used for incognito and dark color camouflage and cover-up settings. I was very impressed with Jeremy Northam. I often do not see him play a major role, and the person concerned directly from Wisconsin thinks he is brilliant. Personally, I think that among many artists used in the industry, he is the one who has not given a more challenging role. Lucy Liu was incredible in her part and the film gave her real cloak-and-era tone. In addition, the rest of the supporting cast had done a great job, but my only complaint was that more characters could be searched for plot and more complex. For example, if I could make a closer relation with Jack's second "wife" on Thursday, I'd love to see what happened. Above all, it is a well-developed cloak-and-dagger story that gives you a lot of personal and professional loyalty and anyone who believes in the whole film too much. With a smart and stylish soundtrack and great camera work, this film provides a terrific look at how the corporation can manage in the future. I am surprised that I have never seen this "hidden gem" before. It's a brilliant, very complex complicated spy thriller and so I'm giving it 9 out of 10.
