James Bond, retired as a good thing, Shan Connie retired, because I'm sure he will not be able to escort nowadays, where fast cars are replaced with high-tech brainwashing techniques and fantastic women. Become less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cipher" is a fantastic innovative Sa-Fi thriller that often reveals fear and clustrophobia in spite of being obscure. You know the trend of such films: It does not seem to be any and when you find that it finds a compressed plot, the authors make sure to insert a new wrap that delivers another. The "cipher" phenomenon is held in the most prominent areas of the world, where the major companies do not differ much by trying to steal each other from thunder. Company Digitoft literally disturbs billions of people and gives them new identity, allowing them to spying among the largest rival, the Sunways Corporation. On the other hand, SunWebs constantly tries to unmute Digitot-Rats and recruits them twice as spy. Morgan Sullivan stands in this completely non-profit business; An apparently colorless thirty-employee employee who has been selected by Sebastian rocks to seal the secret policies of both companies. Believe me, it actually sounds and at least the director Vinceenzo Natalie ("adult from tubes") carefully takes time to introduce important and less important characters. Reminiscent of John Frankenheimer Gem "Seconds" under the first half of the film Rock Hudson Actors ?? It deals with identification detection and greatly changes your former life style. Even set pieces seem to be directly out of the 60's film, just white cell loads and ugly carriards that seem endless. There are many great steps and mysteries, especially when the Digitof crew understand the results of their brainwashing tricks during Morgan's intelligent conventions. The middle part of the movie has diminished, especially because you have already realized that it is only being developed towards more than one confusing plat-twist and I look forward to a little bit of the imagination of the future. Jeremy Northam has been completely fired and Adrian Lucy Liu is firmly mysterious as the Foxi Lady beside him. Regular Director of Favorite David Hewlett's Wonderful Sue Engineer Virgil C Dun has the most memorable helpful role. The "cipher" is well-made and adrenaline transmits science-fiber entertainment, which is highly recommended for those who wish to use their brain power very much.
