This is a fantastic little budget sifai film civilian director Vincenzo Natali. The film is playing like the crossing of Philip K. Dick with Hippock and Craneberg, and the film brings a unique feeling that you have not seen. The picture is shot wildly, I love cinematography, it seems fresh and original. Plot-based movie searches similar themes on floor recall, Dark City and Matrix and its superb major Saif-Fi stuff. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a subordinate person who has bored his life and has decided to act as company's spy as a big technology agency for Digicepp. He initially met the recruiting officer who brought Sullivan to the board and instructed him to do. It mainly includes going to the conferences of competing organizations and their recording through a satellite transmissions disguised as a pen. It also means that he will take on different personalities and keep him secret from his wife. After his first job issues became weird, his habits changed, his personality began to distinguish and he suffered pain in his neck, headache and nightmares. She faces a beautiful woman called Rita Foster (played by a curiosity thrown by Lucy Liu.) She takes an immediate attraction. However, when he went to his next job and saw him again, he expressed himself as a little agent, who revealed that his job was not good enough. Later, he discovered that he and other residents were present at the conference for the Diocespe. All covers to allow the conference to spy on the company Sullivan, whose alternative name is Jack Gurby, has been given an antidote to the drug dealerships and the rest of the remaining detectives become drift when the brain feels like a dead day dream (Speakers send all the attendants to sleep through supernatural messages.) Suddenly off the room lights and Digicorp staff All residents come lighting shining lights in the eyes so that they are not aware and then at In fairly surprising situations they send head sets for each member to send brainwash messages and precipitants in the brain which they believe are someone else. These people are used as dolls and creates personality and life for these people when Digicorp wiping their own existence. Sullivan now poses that she believes fully on Thursday that she believes. Digicorp want to steal information from their rival Samways and they want to do it in their own dolls, they now control Soviet, this spying effectively, When Samuels holds Sullivan and discovers that he has not actually been Benannawad, then he decides to use him as a spy on Desicrop, make Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicpop sent them to work on his way to Samwave on Thursday and can not reach the situation if he can download the information of important companies that can close the company until it can move towards the system. Samawes realized that he had planted seeds and played with Digicpay and would allow his databoxes to be released on Thursday, but they would give a DD disc to Dissociate that would destroy their system. The plot started to rotate and started because both companies are using Sullivan as a Paul. She is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mysterious cause she's helping her why she tries to work. When a mysterious third party is involved, a person working on behalf of Foster says that Sullivan must decide whether to go to the freelance agent, who is able to prevent him from getting a new life and safety or an organization working for him. have to do. The tension has suddenly become tedious because it seems that anyone wants to solve it when its benefits are over. Cast is great. Nompletic gorgeous and subtlety its performance are excellent. When he brings a great visual aspect to his performance, tell a story in his eyes and we see a great subtle change as his character changed from Sullivan to Thursday. Lucy Liu is simply sexy out of belief and her presence is a great dynamic cause for the film because it seems weird casting but it works. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natalie whose previous movie was the classic Seas-Fi Flick Cube, a real visual flair. She nicely placed the film and gave it a great look. It shows some imaginative visual effects for low budget films, and although CGI is not great, it does not start much in the central piece to negatively influence the film. The film really brings the feeling of Matrix and other great sci-fi films, it's there with them. This plot often turns out to be very slow, but with the truth, it helps in a film, where the effects of Craneberg and Lynch are clear. The real surprise as the film is going on working continuously which is going on and goes along with you. It's an obviously classical classic and I can see this being incredibly popular when I was expressing in the states. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
