Was it based on a comic book? A video game? A 3 year old drawing? <br /> <br /> Anything in this movie is not taken seriously; Not character, not dialogue, not plot, not action, not action. There is nothing. We are high-tech international terrorists / criminals who like sticky-steel-type elasticity like pre-school kids, attentive to ice-cold weather, dialogue so much dialogue that it's sometimes almost sunny, etc. Even the bad guys who use codedame are fools ("Tango-tango"). A movie that entertains with some mysteries, good action sequences, and a beautiful snowy mountain setting. Oh, yes: and unknown humor. <br /> <br /> The movie opens with some really bad and inconsistent gay banners in our lucky and happy characters, despite our "lucky" time. Then comes a sweat-educated failure-rescue part, who wants to pull their hair with someone of terrible problems. And then we have some bad conversations, and then there are some great steps. This is the rhythm of the film briefly Melodramatic exchange with Starren, after so many years later, soapy, so clefty, so fake, and so bad that it should be disturbed by a self-respecting audience. Immediately after this horror dialogue-writing show, we witnessed a hijacked and spectacularly shot of an airplane. The whole action is a big irrationality, but it is a stupid fun from its best. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, but the air view really highlights the film. After landing, our masters-criminals find a guide and end up with Stallone and Rumer. They bring Stallone's message back to the first case, but whatever they do, they do everything to reach them as much as possible. They close most of their clothes (so that they can suspend) and they will not give them the necessary equipment (so that they may be closed). These gangsters will not share their money ??? Very stupid Apparently they do not believe in Stallone, but they certainly know that using Rumar as a hostage, they can always match him black. Nevertheless, our gangsters can make Stallon's climb difficult, if at least at least we are shown to them how bad they are - if there is no doubt about it. And for those who still suspect how bad people are bad, they overact, brag, and snicker in the real evil way. Are you sure? Well Would you like to be better Otherwise the author will throw a large death sentence to twenty schools, only bad boy's wickedness is crystal-clear to all. <br /> <br /> The man who flies the helicopter ... how did he fall for the trap? First of all, he has been warned by the MTV Air Force about the perpetrators and secondly, he heard Stallone and Rucker's voices in Walkie-talkie. The whole group of strange verbal exchanges, Lithogor, is performed with suspicious respect to get mostly stupid lines. "Come back to me!" Lithugo: "I did not start climbing on your back." Or, Stallone from Lathogne: "We had a deal, but now we are each other!" And as Lithogon's assassins gang: These people do not want to kill immediately. They are very creative about it; They are philosophical, they assert that they are playing football with your body, etc. <br /> <br /> Stellon wrote this thing. There is no idea that he was in the drug when he did it. I think this script is bad because of less IQ.
