This image is stuck in a prison, surrounded by four criminals who want to escape from their cell, hoping that a mysterious book of black magic was written in the former prison in the 1920's, named the dancers, who wanted to use spellings to keep his skin young . <<br /> <br /> The criminal business strategy (shortcut) Karener (Gerald Leroche) has thrown him in jail with three strange cell-mates. Transsexual Bruce Marcus (Clovis Cornelac), Marcus's love-toy trafficking (Dmitry Ratawood) consumes the items he touches (and is in prison for eating six months old sister) and performing his duties, such as "he" his mother, and Scientist Lasal (Phillip Ludenbach) who does not read or eat breakfast (.. Next is the day that killed his wife ). After reading the book from the book of the career, the film tries to understand the meaning of hoping to step out of its prison. Carr loves his child, and for a while his wife will take her out on bail. When he betrays him, Carreère slowly starts to seethe with hatred, and is looking to see and keep his beloved son. Carré's most striking critique, Marcus, who wants to be fully female, is still folding on the features of several men, such as working and standing up leak. He speaks hard and uses his muscles as a terrible technique, though deep into the world of weakness. Pacretret Marcus is completely under control and it behaves like a dog like a master. Here is a terrific scene where Pacquerette breast feeds from Mars! Lassalle is a unraveling mystery, exposed for us to understand what is really wrong in our slowly aimed and its sinister brain. Obviously intellectuals, and possessing potentially hidden information from others, Lassel really inspires to follow the mysteries of the book. Soon, those who are not threatened with books are running their "true", not more than the cells of four walls, but a cell that strengthens their true desires. After a particular assassination, the film was thrown from the room with a very impressive character inserting a film with a camcorder, as if it were a new captain ... who is this person and how he can understand the power of a book, and how good yet To use it? The constant of this photo is that detainees are often seen in search of their windows all over the world. <br /> <br /> I was happy to see this picture. It plays like "monkey paw", which gives the letters what they want, but a price must be met. The graphic violence moments are in the film, but in my opinion it's a story-driven story. A product is how Gore publishes the book. While stopping in a wind of a group, his orifice drops, while an intense opening is a man's desire to watch the murder. We finally saw the fate of Danver, a wonderful special order about molestation of a child. Lassalle's fate has a profound effect sequence. I would say that Malfik, Eric Wallet's good story always keeps my attention, and, an unlinked film (about 95% of the movie's single location, performed in the prison cell), never think it's drag. I guess it does not mention a compelling story of interesting actors and impressive characters, using a supernatural to run them.
