Good horror movies are very rare in France, and this is fairly easy to see! Whenever a talented young filmmaker releases a new movie, he immediately goes to the glorious Hollywood after instructing to rebuild the great budget of another great movie! After France's only film, how can France possibly create a terrible reputation when patriotic-directors leave the country? "Hoot Tension" was an extraordinary movie and it earned the director Alexander Aja a ticket for the "single-ticket" ticket "The Hills I Ezes" (which he did in a regional way, to rebuild). Eric Waleet's long-time parent, "Malefic", was a very upbeat and compelling horror picture, and he has already ordered the rebuilding of a microscopic hit "A Missed Call" in Los Angeles. So you have it, two very gifted Frenchmen who are not likely to make some countries in their country soon. "Maleficent" is a simple but effective chiller that requires some patience due to its slow speed, but once it is properly developed by the plot, it provides great atmospheric tension and extraordinary special effects. The film takes place almost entirely in single places and introduces only four characters. We are in the lap of a ramshackle French prison with four residents. The new arrival is a businessman who was sentenced for fraud, the elderly and "wise" prisoner seriously killed his wife and then there is a crazy transvestite and mentally ill son to complete the odd compound. They found an old journal inside the walls of their cell, which was related to a sick murderer in the 120's, especially those of black magic and in the supernatural way of escape. Four prisoners started preparing their own escape plan using the bizarre sources of the book, just to understand the secret that something you should not bother about? Eric Wallet dedicates the sea while drawing the character of four plays, which sometimes leads to unpredictable and exhaustive sub-plots, but its causes suddenly become clear in climax when the book suddenly appears to be some kind of Wishmaster. "Maleficent" A variety of details about man's behavior with a dark film, claustrophobic excitement and tract. Some wealthy American production companies see it in the helpless role of hardcore criminals before rebuilding it with four handsome teenage actors.
