The French horror film has seen a resurgence of visions with visually large films like Inside and Switchblade romance in the last few years. The Malayqiq was only slightly revived, but one of the finest French horror films of the day, standing on the head and shoulders of most modern horror titles and definitely made! Malifik was probably shot in a low budget, but it was made in more ways than the originality of the film, and as a result it was acclaimed by excellent writing and acting, and the film was won with a guarantee. The plot focuses on two main ideas; Prison and black magic. Central character Carr, a man named, has been sent to jail for forgery. He was kept in a cell with three others; Silence is insane in Lasale, Body Building Transvestite Marcus and his disabled lover Daisy. After a short period of cells, they fall into the hidden space of the wall, which contain the old journal. After translating it, they soon realized its witchcraft powers and realized it could use it to break the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black Magic is a very interesting topic, and I am not surprised that there are not many movies in it because there are so many opportunities to work on it. Despite Maléfik's best control of his best asset, the film says that the film is not really restricted and that it runs well throughout life. Director Eric Walt has provided a great atmosphere for the film; It has happened mostly in central prison cells, making sure that the film feels very clostrophobic and it benefits the centralized concept of prisoners who want to use magic to stay away from the room - it's very easy to go behind them! It can often be said that the unknown people are really scared, and this film proves that as a director, we can not be sure of exactly what the corner is right, and it is really sure that Ma'aifik really handles it quite terrible! The film is memorable for many reasons outside the central plot; Characters are very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book is often done very well with its own character. No one will be worried that the film will not be delivered till the end, both will understand and eventually become very scary! Overall, Malyfik is a genuine horror movie and one of the decade - highly recommended viewing!
