If you are one of those people who are recognized as heading titles of 'The Book of the Dead', 'Ibne Buk' or 'Nkronomikan', but you can feel comfortable home with Maalifik, a movie which is a secret, all the fate involved Change power Discovered by four French captives sharing a cell, Danger has placed terrible objects in the wall, a serial killer captured back in the 1920's; A man was resurrected and obsessed with the black industry before he suddenly disappeared. The book's explorers are Carr (Gerald Leroche), a company builder who has purchased his wife Laceyle (Phillip Ludenbach), who wishes to be a woman, but at the same time for half-time pakurate (Dimitri Ratud) who at one time had eaten her younger sister , And 'librarian' Marcus (Clovis Cornelac), thinking he was crazy by sending I killed his wife. Equally unscathed in Mitt Lauf, Bamboo of Fight Club (1999), commemorating the reminder of men, started as an influential member of the Quadrilateral in Lasale, who especially protects the progeny. With the advent of the book, and need to understand its hazardous contents of exaggeration, Marcus estimates greater and greater significance. At first, the assurance of first bail was granted, while at the same time, taking a little longer than academic interest in car events. Suddenly he needed an urgent counter-substitute and as a test of detainees, the book of Danvers started publishing some of his awesome powers ... <br /> <br /> Most of the prison cell and four or five letters, completely with his material in Malfik There are clustrophobic winds (as well as a limited budget for filmmakers). Only at the beginning and then in conclusion, we will go beyond the cell boundaries, a necessary opening out which emphasizes the process of the only destroyed, off-nature elsewhere. In some, it is a film, trapped as the victim of your criminal past or occologing occult events. "I'm going to run," Carr said at the beginning of the film, wanting more than being able to rejoin his wife and son. Whether he is not going to be a terrible price, and the great mockery of the film is that a man can not imagine the 'escape' final form. <br /> <br /> The budget constraints are for the first time featuring director Eric Vallett credits that successfully casts his film. Critics have noticed that it is a film with strong Freudian overturns - for example, providing separate mammals and adult breasts for Lassel; A vagina that comes to life and a picture of an eye development; The old people that dissolve back into a fetus; Dansar's original Placenta fetish; There is a primitive womb waiting for 'delivery', the dark cells, etc. With a lot of interesting scripts for the script, Valit rarely makes a mistake, and when it creates a truly uncomfortable environment, it is a matter of four boys, four packing, one fold table and a book. People have an actual, growing, uninterrupted friction for inserting unnamed dark from among its pages, in one or two moments - the festive burning cells in the top, or which have ultimately happened in the trafficking - uncertainly memorable. In spite of many dark events in Malefic, deliberately rejecting many Hollywood productions is denied: the method of video culture, which reduces the fast-resolving steps and the horrific attitude towards Gore. Perhaps this is a particularly European method, because the similarity of measurement of measurable access to the acceptable threat to this film, like The Fourth Man (1983) of Veronese, is thought to be - a movie that shares a particularly nasty picture around the spread of the accident. <BR> <br /> 1.85: 1 has been well-received, excellent performance and benefits, and if at least this viewer is not as convincing as possible, the final shot journey was valuable. Similarly, the well-established hut tension (eg switchblad romance, 2003) is coming soon after it is released, it is another reason to express gratitude, since the horror films are coming back from the French industry, it was after one time that it was the only profitable product from Asia
