If possible, I recommend the family to show it to family kids. Some elements of this photo are probably very annoying to handle for some people. Now let's explain how this film is going on. It's actually a male fox documentary, who is protecting its area at the beginning and looking for a partner. Beginning with excellent sunrise and music scores, it is breathing. You eat as much as possible in the scenery, it'll get ugly later. They gave both fox and vixen names, but I do not think they like what they like. He fought for this aggressive man to win his love. They later created a hole, and Vixen gave birth to four adult breeds; One of which is blind Many happy and playful moments in the Fox family, but very soon tragedy and misfortune all strike very soon. The first victim is the blind dog, who is very high tide and washed away. The mother of the second victim, who is cheated by a dead chicken who stole a hen hanging a pole. He unknowingly walks in a foot trap. He rips off part of his feet while trying to escape, bleeding death. The rest of the family of Fox was forced to see her die under a tree. Men are now forced to take a single father, mother and father's roll. He forced to teach the skills needed for their lives alone. Later it is not proved that two big dogs now fulfill an ugly fate. Their own; Thanks to human helplessness and cruelty. I will not waste the wonderful ending for you, but it shows the farmer and his dogs close to his tail. And after the audience and the FOX family what was it was a good end to it. I would like to say that when it was first published in the early 1980s, I saw that there was a thing in the name of the serpentine wire. When I saw I was only 4, but I did not understand why they would not give me up. See it all. Now I know why when I came to Disney at the age of 9, I secretly saw it, and I was feeling so bad going on. I went to tears. But it was dark and ugly, it serves a purpose. What are people going on with these and other types of creatures, and why they are endangered. This documentary wanted to get the message about this endangered species and I hope it worked. It's not fake like the real life genre of Disney, why they do not teach why animals are extinct. Land is ineffective, the main victim of the kill fox and the foolish killing of these beautiful animals; They are endangered. I hope they love to see whether they will make a sequel in this film (Glasier Fox 2005). Teresa and her siblings are growing increasingly. This movie sometimes reflects on what happens to the families of humans, especially when a parent suddenly dies. Leads to both surviving parents, and trying to learn important courses in life. Adults are not always enough to protect them, especially when some of their lives are destroyed. Or they themselves are victims of the tragedy. I've always heard about soundtracks and musical scores.
