Now I have read some negative reviews for this show on this website and I am quite frustrated. If anyone thinks that there is no Srprens television, I am afraid that I do not know what the world has come up. Tell me something. I saw many TV shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But those programs lost their touch in the first season, especially after the Lost and Progen Break, which I refused to see because the companies took two gifted ideas and gave them in multiple seasons. Then we have Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only television series I have ever seen, where I am impressed with all its seasons, and yet all its episodes are more important. There are no categories that do not have access to any of these exhibitions. Acting - Nothing fantastic. James Gandalfini is one of my favorite actors and I think every episode of his performance is absolutely stunning, I'd like to hear that HBO wanted to play Ray Liotta Tony, I felt that it was a good choice, but after the first few observers, I knew that James as HBO Tony Throwing did a great job. She shows raw emotion fantastic. Then we have everyone, Eddie Falco, Michael Imperiali, Lorraine Bracó, Dominic Chianis (whom I remember as Johnny Owl of Godfather Part 2) and my personal favorite two characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Jandt Palie 'Walton's Guitariere and Silvio Dante. These performers perform all the best quality, and all provide an excellent performance in each episode. Then we have stories, so I have been sucked into a T.V show before. The story is nothing short of excellent. Each episode is superbly guided and this show score is just pretty fantastic. I think The Sopernos is a show that I can see repeatedly and never gets bored. It has got everything from ridiculously ridiculous cruel violence, but it will always be always the best thing to satisfy the television, and I challenge someone to find the real error. Not only is it fierce, or they think that Tony's character is immoral, I mean, that at the end of a mafia show, I do not think the letters are very honest or loyal to God. I request everyone to show this show because believe me, you will be warned from the first episode, I was there and even found some friends who refused to show the first show, hanging on it. When I say that this show is a bugsend compared to the strap on the TV, then believe me that after seeing the first season, you will certainly agree with me again when I say again that this show has an impact on television and a TV show is present or future Sopranos will never upstage that surprise.
