Although "The Sopranos" is still another magical "The Godfather" and another gift from the Sequels, which dramatized and glamorize some mafia, "The Soprans" does another work. These guys used to goombahs, the waste management front, those who fall behind the truck, stpless bars, security money - little, what were nearby people - with no suitable, enthusiastic mobsters here and the Vegas Casino with Lake Tahto, <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate this series, which do not hold gender and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolini) is a wife of a resident of New Jersey and a crowded head with two children, suffers from panic attack as he tries to balance his biological family with one of his mafia. To reach the end of his attack, he saw a psychologist Jennifer Malfi (Lorraine Bracó), who was afraid of him and at the same time attracted him. Tony Henman - Polly, his nephew Christopher, his Uncle Jr. (Tyler Head of the crowd), his best friend pussy - all perfectly fleshed out characters. <br /> <br /> We learn to go through the series, the enemies are not just from outside, but one from the heart and one of those enemies has included Tony's ill but terrible mother (Nancy Marchand) who believes Jr. that Tony is dangerous for her. Tony's sister Jones, looking at money in her mother's house with her statoscope and a gigger counter Tony has ownership problems, and a wife (Eddie Falco) who loves him, because he has a lot of relationship with his Catholic religion. "The church's divorce has broken," she says to divide a woman. "Let the Pope stay with him," the reaction. As long as Tony's ownership problems arose, his psychologist said that Tony was attracted to the demand for women to get attracted, if there was not enough for him and knew if he was asked. Yes, it sounds like his mother. <br /> <br /> I'm a descendant of the Italian, and yes, I see the Italianians in a negative light, and everyone is brain catching the Italians. Yet you can not help to choose this show, which is the constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it has been suggested, turkey and sweet potato is not pie - it is antipasto, manicota, meatball and escrow, and then birds!) Not to mention, Malenzana (Mullinanan), Escrolo (Scarol), Manicotti (manignot) etc. The only non-Italian thing about Tony is that he does not have a finished foundation, not hearing about the remnant of my family (none other than my parents). <br /> <br /> The Standout of this exhibition is as a ruthless gangster on Gonfolini, AntidiPresants, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as an oppressive Jennifer. But everyone is nice. If you can take the violence and language, this is a great show, an integral portrait of the New Jersey public lifestyle.
