The stories of "The Soprans" do not just add stories to the audience, but I think (at least for me) are the viewers bringing back the acting. (Even you, Gary can not oppose this claim) James Gandalfini, who played the lead guy Tony Soprano, (this viewer's opinion) has become one of the "Hollywood Elite" until a television serial. I do not go ahead and compare it with Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least, still not. But he is doing a job in Toni Soprano. Since 1999, Gandalfi has acted so much that an actor (thanks mainly to his role in The Soprans) is considered as the best of this business today. And it's not just him. "The Soprans" is a great supporting actress with Tony's deadly mother with Lorraine Bracco, Eddie Falco, Michael Imperiali, Dominique Chianis and late Nancy Marand. At the time of the show's existence, it is considered a godly-classic and fair-looking. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and quite awful in a commendable hourly manner, but without a doubt, is accomplished uncommonly. The third season was great, but there was not much survival until the season 1 and 2 encouragement. Season 4, which was tied to the new year earlier, was still the weakest season (or at least, in my opinion it was). Despite a dry spell, I still found it to be more entertaining than most of the competition (season 4 of "The Soprans") and it says a lot because I recently saw a trend in good new television shows. Example: Six foot below, Shield, your rise, and OZ (which is technically not a new show, but this year ends in an unforgettable final season). Although considering returning to my point of view, especially in the bad year, considering the show better than all the competition, there is no success in the writers part. "The Soprans" in his era, over and above other television shows and many authors deserve many credits. To stop, I want to say, "The Soprans" is a real deal man. The average adult audience (17 and above) who enjoys the drama and does not remember the combination of little violence and superstition, if you get a chance, then check "Sopernos". I believe that time will be good.
