This is a great example of a good, silly movie. No, it is not high in any way. Or is there any script near Woody Ellen or Mail Brooks? But so what! The Killer Tomatoes series (four movies and a cartoon series) is a beautiful romp that is trampling in the territories before switching to serious flickers. <br /> <br /> According to the title, this killer tomato trilogy is related to the fourth installment of the killer Tomatoes plot against France. In this case, there is a plan to rule France with an ancient prophecy about Professor Gangrin (third time in John Austin's role) returning the just King of France. Steve Lundquist came back like Igor, who wants to be an athlete and who wants to be a dead pigment for the real king of France's long lost. Obviously he enjoys T-T's of FT, happily skewering French language. They are protesting against the horrific Fazi Tomatoes (like others, FT was presented in the second film, and this is a major cartoon character) and his human allies. The recently unemployed Mark Price, due to the completion of the Family TIS series, shows herself a thin incognito version of herself, leaving herself as "Michael J Fox" as a way to win her dream girl. And Angela dreams of dreaming as a visa, she laughs about lonely sexuality and unlimited psycholosses. There was more to a former Miss Netherlands film career! Another member of the Keller Tomatoes Stock Company, Rick Rockwell (now known as the title of the title of Who Watts to Mary Olanchirio). Like co-creator John de Belo, Rockwell works both front and back of this series camera. <br /> <br /> Can you tell about John de Belo? Too many, of course, did not have a single perspective and was driven to drag it, and after that it apparently fell into obscurity. John, if you ever see it, thanks for giving us the killer tomato. <br /> <br /> The script is quite heavy, but it is not strange that it is just a movie. Like the resurrection of Killer Tomatoes, the action sometimes closes the set and throws it in the middle of the film crew. And Mark Price has a fun forum to complain about lack of success compared to his former expensive Michael J. Fox. This is a great sender for all the killer Tomatoes Flick's biggest budget and series. All right, the show was transferred to Fox Kids as a cartoon series (which was quite clever), but the cartoons are not the same.
