I love the Midboe Cowboy and my video collection has it as it's my favorite. When the Cowboy came in the middle of 1962, what was interesting to me, it was so disappointing to the audience that it was set to X. Of course, the expiration of the X expired was. Since I was only two years old at the time of the release of the film, it was so frustrating for me to imagine how far the audience was behind. However, when I try to consider the fact that many things covered in this film, which included prostitution (the title itself was open for a male prostitution); Homosexuality; Loneliness; It is difficult for many people to talk about today's physical (and some emotionally) abuses and medicines, I understand how the filmmakers think about freedom. In the 1970's, Midnight Cowboy was downgraded to an R rating, and it is still rated R but its values ​​can be set to approximate pg-13 by today's standard. In short I would like to give a summary of the plot, although it is often known to anyone who has heard the movie. John Voight starred Joe Bauck, a young man in Texas, who decided that he could inherit Rich Women in New York City as a male hostler. She thought that cowboy actors like Roy Rogers would influence women by wearing a cowboy dress. After being rejected by all the women, he met a sleazy con-man named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo who is played by Daryn Hoffman. Retso Joe believes that if he is a manager he can earn all kinds of money. Again, Joe is kissed and homeless long ago. However, Joe Rasso comes across and is invited to stay in a sedentary apartment. Without much of the plot, I want to say that the rest of the film is related to Joe and the night, because they are trying to help each other to meet their dreams. I mean, Joe makes it as a gigolo and ratso as it is going down in Florida where he thinks he can get back to his health. <br /> <br /> I want to make some comments about the movie. First of all, acting is excellent, especially leadership. Although the movie is very sad from the beginning to the beginning, there are some classic scenes. Actually, there are some scenes that I want them to be funny, but I think they're funny. For example, there is a classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and John Voight walk on a city street and manage them in a cab program. Dustin Hoffman says to the CAB, "Hey, I'm walking here"! I'm walking here! I came out of that scene because it is just as common as New York City, where many people are hurrying. Another scene that appears is the scene where Rasha (Dustin Hoffman) sent Joe (John Voet) to a person named O'Daniel. The funny thing is, first we think that Daniel is there for the appointment of Gigolos, and we are seeing why Jei is getting so excited, but then we start to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a religious nut. I liked the scene where Ratso and Joe are debating in their apartment when Rousseau jokes loudly that his cowboy outfit only attracts homosexuals and Joe says in his self defense, "John Wayne! You tell me a faga!" <br /> <br /> I would say that the Midnight cab is set in the late 60's but most of it remains true today. Because the 42nd Street area of ​​New York has been cleaned in the last few years, although homelessness still remains as it was 40 years ago. Also, many dream of a realistic dream of how to make bigger strikes to break their dreams in the case of John Voet. One thing that influenced me about the character of John Voight is how he lived and I think he completed a great deal at the end of the film and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman's character) had a good influence on him. <Br/> <br /> In conclusion, I would like to say that at the time of viewing this film, I think it should be seen at least several times because there are so many things going on here. For example, there are a bunch of flashbacks and dream sequences that give me more knowledge after some philosophies. Also, my interest is that there are so many things in this movie which are left to explain what happened to Joe Buck (the character of John Voight) and what happened to the lives of Texas people. Even the end, when I do not want to give it to those who do not see the film, rather open-ended.
