This is not a fantastic masterpiece, which you expect it to be based on acclaimed praise, but the "Midnight Cowboy" of 1969 is still becoming visible in a powerhouse showcase for young viewers. Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, the film seems to be a product of its time, when American films were especially evolving in the late 1960's, but it still composed a spell because the story came down to loneliness and bonding themes. No matter what matter Cinematic effects of the film may still be felt in Angie Lee's "Brokeback Mountain" movie. <br /> <br /> This scary plot follows Joe Buc, a clever, young Texans who decided to move to Manhattan. Rent for studs for rich women. Full of energy but lacking any intelligence, he is weakly weak but reluctant to accept defeat despite his dwindling monetary power. He also meets Razzo, a ruthless, sick little thief who first sees Joe like a simple leaf. The two became dependent on each other, and Rizzo Joe started to manage. Subjects come to a head on a cyclical, drug-infested party, where Joe eventually gives birth to a paying client. Meanwhile, Rijo became ill and stopped for Florida to find two good lives. This is not a story that will appeal to everyone, some may think it's annoying that a hustler and thief become sympathetic personality, but they feel their predictions artificially. <br /> <br /> The first major role, John Voet, has ideally thrown away because he deepened the hauling paper-thin brutality and sexual insecurity. As Rijo, Dustin Hoffman successfully raised the image of his clean, post-college from "The Graduate" and immersed himself in personal losses and terrifying hopes, which act as a strange counter-joke in Joke. The fidelity of their painting is complementary to Sheselsinger's film treatment, which clearly captures Square Squares of Times Square district. The director also influences flashback and visual sequences montages effectively to fill the letter's fragile psyches. Credits also need to go to salts to not let the stone of the growing disrespectful story stare. Other performances are the main character's journey, which is only associated with Brenda Vaccoro in the lead role, as the female Joe joins, Slavia Miles is a radioactive mathron, John McGivever's religious initiative and Bernard Hughes's only solo. <br /> <br /> Two-disc The 2006 DVD package was rebuilt in 1994, and a print of informative interpretation of producer Jerome Helmman There are no print transfers which, unfortunately, shellsinger or salt still are not alive. The second disc has three great features - "After midnight: a classic 35 years later reflections", which gives views of clips and related archive footage with comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Viet and others. As the screen of the Voet screen; "Debate and Praise", which invented the movie's primary 'x' rating and public reactions to the film; And a tribute to the director, "Celebrating Schlesinger".
