You've got the chance to live in Sandra Bernard personally, but you better go to it. I have seen Los Angeles launching all its bad and beautiful tours and I still can not believe I was in the first row, and I was lucky enough to see such a wonderful show. He is now in New York with the ceremony and it matches his Groundbreaking Stunner Liberation War, "I'm nothing but nothing". We lost Richard Pierre, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patty Smith is absent at work, but Sandra is not. Barbara Streisand was trying to sweat once in a while, but Sandra was more than likely to stop the babies. All right, I want to tell it, Mrs. Bernard, this influential entertainer and more. True truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (from Laura Nairo, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and a script that defines frustration, joy, sadness, ups and downs in the 70's. And of 80's. It's my opinion that many (and I mean, lots of meanings) have been hoisted, just stolen, many from this show if not myself from Sandra. I do not name names but come, people, you and I who they know. See, thing is, Bernard plays by his own rules. This film shows her live performance, that she is an actor, who is really in Shoeman's old school, continues to advance as well. Her performance reminds everyone of Joaquin Jude from Judy Garland, whose memoir at Jazz Club (Miles Davis, Calcutta, Monk), 70 TV shows, close cabaret acts and concert memories. Most curiosity can not touch where Sandra is coming or going. So, here I saw Sandra in Silent Movie Theater a year ago, with total fear and joy. I wanted to meet him after he heard, something that meant something to me, I hope he has something to do. But I heard him tell about his hardship that he was hurt, and just thanked him by praying, laughing at me, thinking of me, fearing me. You can not deny the presence of this lady, and you certainly can not refuse at the level that just shocks from the stage. He's still here, it's too bad, even after being released without you, I'm nothing, about 15 years ago. And that looks great, looks great. I know this quite well, one member of the audience walking to the theater said to another, "She is having fun ... and she still looks unbelievable !!!" If you do not feel her live experience please see this movie For me, I hope Sandra will see this. You've hacked a lot to me, got me through some tough crazy bars. If you can send me an email, please If you do not have it, then know that you are still catching it out and have to continue, enough for me. Come, people, give it to Lady !!!!
