An adaptation from Stephen King's novel of the same title "Pet Semi". The story follows the Crocs - an American, middle-class family, who moved into a home in the country. Among the family, Louis and Rachel and their two younger sons Eli and their son's son are gaze. The room can not be good, and the family lives on the street in a strange but friendly old man Jude. One day he will burn under an old path in the pet graveyard where animals are buried in large numbers. And beyond this there is a sacred Indian cemetery land which holds a strange power. When the family cat kills the church, Louis feels fit to bury him in a cemetery - and soon, the church is back in life. But now there is something bad about him, he is not the same cats. And when a tragic accident brings the life of young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept to the hope of reviving his dead son ... Unfortunately, he has more profits than that. <br /> <br /> King's novel to read Stephen, I can say that the book is much better than the book. The movie does not look bad, because it's not - the book is a little better. The real power in this film is in his story, which is odd but very original, which is commonly known for King's stories. The script is very well adapted to the story, and it is minor in some cases even though it is a fantastic page-to-screen conversion. There are a few plot holes here and there, though some major. In addition to this, this movie is really awesome, and its intention is successful. There are some really annoying scenes throughout the film and I would like to say that Rachel's sister is one of the number of flashbacks in Zelda. Sincerely, this is one of the most obnoxious, annoying things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not lazy and bloody, it's just getting sick. Definitely one thing, that image will never leave your head. <br /> <br /> The performance of this photo was the same and I did not have any problems there. This image is actually on the poor side, there are so many nasty disciplines that please satisfy all the cows with any void. I really like the way to finish the film, it was sudden and somewhat unintentional, but it works well by considering everything. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Pet Seminary" is a good horror movie which I recommend to those who are fans of D'Stephen King or general general fans only. The story is the greatest asset of the film and it is also a vague one. One of Steven King's adaptations would like to say well. 7/10
