The ring was made from screenplay only by Hitkak himself and it acts as his first film with a contract triangle. At first glance, it seems like a more progressive update of the betrayal-based ethics of Sicily B. M. Millall, but more than that, it's Hit Hit's first successful image. Even if he was still not using the ideas and motifs of sensational thrillers, at least they tried to create them to create them. <br /> <br /> As well as a German Expressionist-style student, Lathichi Sergey Eisenstein's editing style influenced Hitko. But here, he kept the tempo on the content of the film, not just with the editing. This is clear from the opening shot, where the thorn fairground brilliantly placed a smooth tempo. And like Eisenstein, do you think of the word editing style? For example, when a split-second shot of the swelling has swollen, we can hear the sound almost unconsciously because the picture is so dazzling. <br /> <br /> An contrast, especially with silent movies, is that the ring is not cluttered with many title cards. As soon as the imagery is published, and the hit audience has enough faith to read enough lips or understand the meaning of at least the letters. And it is not done by narrow symbolism or overacting, it is done by right angle and right time, especially with point-of-view shots, as well as getting some strong but fine performance. Unfortunately, some very evident expressionistic devices (especially double exposure), many of which were unnecessary, but much lower than the logger. <br /> <br /> Let's make some honorable mention for aforementioned actors. Firstly, the stunningly handsome and very talented Karl Brison in the main role. Despite his talent, I first misunderstood him, why he did that role, to be honest he could see more than a pugilist like a dancer! But it's true that I know how much I know, because Brisson is actually a former professional boxer and was inexperienced in acting. Ian Hunter, who was able to play his rival, made a long career to play a direct role till the end of the 60's. The most demanding role of The Ring is given to Lillian Hall-Davies, which is scattered between two lovers. He has closed it very well, although it works on a passionate, different performance, and it is a shame that his career does not last forever in the sound age. And last but at the very least, Gordon Herrar probably offers some comic relief to his best role. <br /> <br /> The climatic war scene of the ring is one of the most fascinating moments of silent era. Martin Scorcese may have his eyes on his ring when he ran Raging Bull's battle scenes, because in this scene his character was "Stay inside the ring". The Battle of The Ring starts with some fairly regular long shots, but when the action intensifies, the hittingco closes the middle of us, with close-ups and point-of-view shots. Hitkoc's goal has always been to involve his audience, and it was very important in his subsequent career, where the secret of his success often submerged the spectators in fear of character or paranoia. <br /> <br /> deserves more recognition than the lower but well known Lodger. It is much more smooth and professional than the previous picture and probably the best of all its silent features.
