My DVD has a full Weasmular Tarzan series (fully restored version) and I have not been waiting to see them. My personal favorite "Tarzan and his companion" is fully (almost completely) Maoriin and Sullivan's clothes and hanging under his skin, sometimes his junky area is dazzling. Anyone who claims that this - it was not actually his, or B. - does not seem to be what it really is, tell me that I've seen it many times, in high zoom mode, and believe me ... it's IS, and he's Under that garment completely nude ... many times, especially during the lion attack, slow and maximum zoom alert shows that she has shaved off except her little patch of dark hair covered with lobia ... There is nothing wrong. The swim scene is twice as big as a body in the "skin" suite, yes it's a double, but it does not have any "skin" suit or anything else ... Again, slowly and most zoom shows everyone who wants to see it. Now, the debate that came out of the way, come up with the original movie ... I think this script is really well thought out and has been written firmly ... The action sequences were simply great, although it is probably driving a stuntman's gear, Weissmuller is actually big Male lions compete ... Africa's second unit shares backgrounds with studios and US locations It is very difficult to say which is sometimes mixed which is difficult. Do not complain too much, however, keep in mind that 90% of all movies are Foni, still relax and enjoy a big bowl of popcorn, some cold beers and enemies with a new pack of smokas ... a sexy and willing girlfriend The line is not out ... lol. Oh ... a final word about nudity ... at the very beginning, when the white hunter is talking about dialogue, keep your eyes behind the background ... nude African girls have several good shots (probably shot in positions) behind them. More than one subject, the film was not racist by the standards of the 1930's decade decade ... this was how colorful people thought and then were portrayed. Shutts were not even thought about that time, or in the history of the audience did not accept any of their other imagery. Safaris actually uses their headgate natives ... and a heroic death trying to save the white hunter and Jane from the small character died. Indeed, Gene Array used to behave like the real man of the western Americans and colored people until the Hollywood began to see that it was OK to do so.
