This nicely managed fantasy second is popular by MGM due to Tarzan series. It's a first-class courage for many reasons, I'm offering - fine photography, strong visual qualities, a delightful cast, a well-symmetric jungle locale and a very exciting story. Jonny Weasmular plays Turzon, a mono-syllabic variant that is different from the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs. But he is honest, loyal, brave and brave, and he will be in this imaginary time. In his novels, Jean Porter was his wife as Jane Parker, Maureen and Sullivan are very attractive and vivacious, as well as athletic where the script calls for that quality. The light effect, wide and tricky set is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure which is MGM backlit which really works. Imaginary Mutir Escarpment is a remote area which Tarzan and Jane can live unsecured; But in their habit, people come to search from them, the civilizations of civilization have gone behind and in which Tarzan could not live really comfortable. One Harry Hollte is still in love with her, her friend bothers her to return to civilization; Her interest in gown and perfume, but she refused to give up Tarzan. Tarzan will be protected against several wild animals in the scene shown as human king. The group claims to find lethal creatures, and agree to some to trap Tarzan Jane's small game; But in some cases, the idea of ​​elephant and a fate transforms the mind of the mission. Tarzan shot, left for dead; And to take the General of Group Jane into their operation because they suddenly followed a dead elephant in "elephant graveyard". But they are finding a protected area by a savage tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan has revived the road on an elephant he calls; In the most spectacular elephant-filled scenes, he saved Jane and what the rest of the mission is, those who are little richer but more intelligent in the house, as Jane continues his barbaric behavior with his new husband. The film set design is managed by Wizard Cedric Gibbs, and very nicely too. His work and light are an outstanding achievement of this entertaining and thrilling movie, which in the end initially feels realistic despite all his Hollywood flaws. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Kavanagh is better before and after better reporting himself. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry very professionally round out a small cast. An unusual and well-known fantasy movie, along with striking situations and some powerful conversation clashes. Recommended.
