This film is a Raffafe, the postman of the James Kine novel, and always has two pigments. Apparently, the director and producer did not refrain from paying for the rights of this story - perhaps we were in the middle of the war with the Italian in WWII, because they could forget to consider the royal! Despite this, this movie is not an Italian version of Hollywood movie. In some ways it is not very good and in other ways it is certainly not. <br /> <br /> Three central characters in this movie are really ugly. In fact, male and female lovers are a little icky-looking. Male lead is quite common except for her boring body hair (especially back and shoulder) and her lady love, it is unreasonable to make it unreasonable. In the Hollywood version, they are crying far away from Lanna Turner and John Garfield. And unfortunately the husband really, really loves to walk fat and without shirts - and similar to his American equivalent, Seychelle Kelwe are definitely watching (and probably looking better than two Italian Leads). And this illogicality usually I like the Italian film because I could not imagine destructive "dishes" like LAN Turner, where Kolewei did not get married in the middle - I was 100% sure that she had dozens of good offers! But the Italian woman can not really say that it has been able to do better and it makes marriage really credible. <br /> <br /> The part of the credibility of the Italian film is managed by sex. Sanitized American film tries to convince you that although Turner and Garfield kill Kelwe, they really do not get close to sex! It's pretty stupid and completely unrealistic. In addition to the casual sex of the film, it is also quite casual, in addition to living as well as showing the majority of life - a fly strip hanging over the kitchen table and everyone needs bath. This film is very fast compared to the long-awaited American film. And you do not have all the best to get what's due to childhood. There is a lot of lack of style and costumes in American films - relatively poor orchestra and sets with granular footage. This is not a pretty movie, but the style of Neo-Realistic is considered to be more realistic. But it can not be made for short cuts of plot. Most of the plot elements in the next American version are completely lost or shiny. And the last one seems less interesting than American films - and Turner and Garfil feel the whole human nature hesitant while making each other like a mouse (the best part of the whole American film). <br /> <br /> Which is a good movie? Well, many of these probably depend on you. For me, the Warner Brothers film was just too smooth and very unreal (although many people like this style and might not like to see movies with subtitles) - but this is a great ending pack. And the Italian film was a lot more realistic - until the fierce disappointment was encountered. So the film is not fair, but I want to make Italian something a little better. It is very bad that they could not meet an exceptional movie of the best elements of both films.
