With Efezania, Mikhali Kokonis is perhaps the first film director to bring the curtain on the first Greek theater screen. The adaptation of Europaid's tragedy was very simple compared to the other two films in the trilogy, directed by his own playplay. From the version of Euripides, the story has been carefully deconstructed and kept in logical, strictly crossover framework, which is better matched with the modern methods of cinema story. Cocois has added some letters to his photo that does not appear in the tragedy of Euripides: Odysseus, Calcus and the army. It was done to do some of the Euripides on war, church and government clear matters. Finally, compared to the Uchipides, the end of Kokwanias, Ephesina is a little confused. <br /> <br /> The picture was placed in a lazy place. Photography director, Giione's Arvonitis, shows us a nasty but beautiful Greece, since Homerick's days seem to be standing still. He took advantage of the dead, dry land, ruins, intense light and darkness. The landscape hardness is particularly suitable for the characters of the characters. The camera uses a long long, longer long laptop available and makes landscape wide and debris stronger, as well as a deep scouring of human scales, extreme mortgages, tearing and painful letters. . Especially, with the advent of the film, a line of laden boats, with a bold tracking shot, with an aerial view of the thousands of soldiers who are shamelessly on the beach, it is an effective way of advance political and military interaction. Responsibility <br /> <br /> Any word but can describe the stunning performance of "Slimime" Costa Cazacos (Agameman), Irene Papas (Claytimenstruar) and Tetiana Papamoschou (Ephesienna). Cajacos and Papa classical Greece embody the tragedy's fertility. Kazakos' character is highly down-to-earth, and more than its sound, the camera reveals its strong appearance, shivering its soul of incredible torment. Modern character of Irene Papas classic Greek drama In Ephesians, he is terrible to his pain, and even if we know what he is, he will take revenge. In her first role in the screen, Tatiana Papamsko, innocent Imfigeniya is outstanding in her artwork, which contrasts with the works of Cuzcoos's father's advancement in painting. <br /> <br /> Among the other characters faithful to Yeripides in his presentation in Kakwaniys: Odysseus is an intelligent, planned politician, Achilles, a vain, brutal warrior, manlaus confident, his honor Covered with, eager to take revenge, and restore his wife and property. <br /> <br> Clothing and set realistic: there is no Hollywood. The quadrant of Agamemnon is like a barn, he dresses, useable as others, hand-woven, easy clothing. The royal caravan of Claytonsthorst consists of rough-cut wooden dome. <br /> <br /> The music is rich in contemporary music composer Mix Theodorakis. Theodorakis score makes dramatic and cinematographic publication intensifying, reflecting the mental outlook of the tragedy and strengthening its level and reality. <br /> <br /> This story and story that describes gives enough insight into the lost world of the elder. Greek thought was crucible for our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about us as individuals and social and political animals. When measuring the European qualities of family and love, the value of war and patriotism is questioned and reflects the weakness of women in the world in humanitarian violence. In the adaptation of the Euripides tragedy, Kakwaniis reviewed these themes in modern, clear and dramatic fashion. <br /> <br /> The relationships governing political strategies have been clearly shown: The person or group that does not function naturally, by fighting corruption and destroying the human soul. The possible exception of Menelawas, in whose honor his wife has been scattered with her boyfriend, everyone has his own personal inspiration to fight with the trio, who has nothing to do with Helen: energy (thirsty), greed (army, Odyssey), or Glory (Achilles). And so in a real sense, Helen became the WMD of Trojan War. Fighting, hijacking all homeric glamor and religious sanction, was just an imperialist initiative, primarily inspired by the desire for material gain, all others have a convenient ridicule <br /> <br /> Another conflict in the film is between the Church and the state. Calicus, who represents the church, felt the challenge of his priesthood and wanted to destroy the advance for the insult of the goddess who served him, asking him to sacrifice his daughter. With the consent of the sacrifice, the king approaches his moral deterioration, but denies his power over the people (his army), who are intelligent by religion. Of course, in advance, it's a game. The king must believe in God or he does not believe in God honestly, until he realizes that he killed himself very badly. <br /> <br /> Is not this a sacrifice? Kill, and how can we say the difference between the two? Focusing on the violent and primitive horrors of man's self - and worst, the encouragement of his own child - Uripides / Coconies, creates a play which is once deeply political and intensely personal. It touches on the most complex and subtle moral problems faced by a society: a serious conflict between the needs of the people against society. In the case of Ephesians, although like the Bible story of Abraham and Isaac, the father was asked to kill his own child in his own hands. What type of payment will God emphasize? Could this be just moral, even if God-inspired? Finally, the sacrificial death of girls is different from the death of all the boys sent to the war? There are many deep questions raised by these two hours film.
