Ruth Schneider - In 1927, Jude Gray inspired the writing of the name of Wade Nation to a Broadway game. More famously, it is James M. Inspired by Kenain to write two short novels, the person who actually reached this review has reached the point where he will get double the compensation and the postman will always be familiar with the ring. Both of them became silent classics in the 1940s, double compensation is the most perfect silent ever made controversial. Some real-life material in the Snyder-Gray story was caught by Cain - due to the involvement of Human Rights and Albert Gray, Ruth's high sex drive, Ruth and Jude's enthusiastic relationship, and the insurance cover for that double compensation. The missing elements included that the actual setting was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Schneider was an honorary newspaper editor. Many incompetent and failed attempts to cut the challenge were ignored. <br /> <br /> Kine's double compensation was perfectly illustrated by Billy Wilder - Ignore StainWalk's funny wig, one of the catchy accidents of this movie! Postman always doubled the ring, however, was filmed three times and the Italian version, Osciones, Lucino Viccanti's first film was the first of three editions. Before commenting on this, I would recommend the Jessica Lange version for the great sexual scene in Lauren Turner - the 1946 edition of John Garfield, and the five minutes of Jack Nicholson's 1981 - dining table. <br /> <br />> Posteraman is not always as silent as Ossessione twice as a ring. It's a strong neo-realistic look that makes it a great movie, but missing many silent elements needed. It has low-key lighting and unusual camera angles. The conversation is not strong enough, and instead the movie gets more attention. It runs deep in the longest version of the story and character traits. It is much more sexual than the version of Lanna Turner. We have a very obvious adultery relationship and Giovanna is very definitely a nymphomaniac. The story of a new character - La Spagola - with very explicit gay surrender. A small, but a dancer who has a very good acting role for moonlights as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a far more labor-efficient study than crime. The audience really gets the feeling of poverty and grime. The drifter can be a complete trump, wife Lanna Turner and a prostitute before the wedding. Her husband is a pornographic capitalist - fat, rude and arrogant. I think this movie was brilliant for this casting. My only cow headache is with running time. Everything is drawn too long and it would be more effective if it was more profitable. Nevertheless, fans of silence and reality will definitely definitely like Ossessione, as I did.
