When the people of the 1940s are heard nowadays, they usually create distractions, claiming that it is one of the greatest stars and one of the tragic, tragic roles. This opinion, however, is not the same as the Neoliwilist film, especially it is managed by Count Lucino Vicente. Although Oscioni is censored for her first time and is often worried as a realistic composition, some people like her and strongly criticize others. The controversial opinion about the film that appeared in this 65 years seems to have happened by the content of the film, it is very controversial for modern times as well as the past. At the same time, James M. While based on Keane's novel, Postman always has two pigments, one of the most original screen adaptations in which the director has his own style, see, his art. I saw the picture twice and through the second visit, I took a very detailed analysis that I would like to get down. <br /> <br /> First, the movie of Wisconsin can touch the psychology and activities that people can do in life, especially those who are exploited by will. These people make such a tragic decision despite the terrible consequences they face. Gino (Masimo Girota) travels on a motorway patrol and returns inside the "junket" traveler. Although many people go to eat there, Gino can get some more - much more: the inevitable desire of the beautiful Giovanna (Clara Kalamai), a woman has already married an old man, who is Mr. Giuseppe Bragana (Juan de Landa)). . From her body and her song completely and from the moment of their first love, couples want to get rid of the old barriers and to create a new life together ... However, people are bound to the wrong thing in the face of longings? Can someone build love on murder? What is love and loyalty? Does desire not lead to a dangerous addiction or even passion? Such questions are raised while watching movies, while the core is provided with viewers insight. "We love each other tenderly" Jibowa apparently answers the treatment of conscience at all cries, but can deliberately justify love and fix everything? One of the couples says, "It is not what we want ... it is not that it is not." So, if the subject matter of the film is very dangerous, without thinking about the intellect and the heart, it constantly remembers the thought provoking. <Br /> <br /> Second, Oceania has a very strong point that talks to modern viewers: bright moments and extraordinary cinematography, which is a memorable sequence and visual power It is a modern viewer who realizes that a movie created almost 70 years ago is an entertainment that is absolutely free to see. They range from a completely technical shot to a beautiful show. Garo is a beautiful girl, Ragazza Perfata (perfect girl), a dancer Anita And who can buy his ice cream at this moment, he wants to see him completely different ... What is lacking in the first meeting of the gino-jiobhanara? Gaibhanara likely to focus on the first camera in the context of the experience of ginora represents the physical desires. Gino and Giovanna is a wonderful shot into the room and closed the shadow of their suspicious appearance to the closure, which indicates that our attention. <br /> <br /> Third, the leading pair of OSSESSIONE can boast both outstanding performance as well as supporting. Masimo Girota once said in an interview that the work of this movie is one of the hardest things she did. Yet, as a result, what comes out of a flawless performance. He portrays a bisexual man who leaks among those who commit crimes, but does not remind an object of his prey, which represents conscience. His gynecological direction is indicated by the character of Low Spagolóló (Elio Marcujo), whom he met with an amazing situation in Ancona train. Clara Kalaimei, who played the role after refusing the renowned Anna Magnani, fits very well in the introduction and we can claim that there is a true chemistry between the couple. They are both very believable. Besides, I like Juan de Lange in Brunna's role: She is not an elderly husband who is not affectionate to his wife and is still crazy about high art. At some of his wonderful moments, he tells his beloved opera to walk on empty streets after his wife washed her behind or played Karoa. <br /> <br /> Equally, we are able to view critically as the modern viewer, who will see this image very purposefully. Thanks to the art of gratitude, this is a strong story and thanks to that debate; Still, is it educational? Wasnt Falini who said that he did not carry any message for humanity. In this case, his films will only entertain (which, of course, is not entirely Philly's style). Visconti was always something to express. What does he want to say here? Picture against bad marriage? Or the people want to do this against wrongdoing? Tell yourself for the ultimate whitening moments. Although you do not want to agree with this viewpoint, OSSESSIONE is truly an amazing realistic film, the best of Wisconsin 8/10
