Ossessione, loosely adapted (or if it's James M. Cain's postman's always loose or locked with the version of Ring Two, but I'm not sure with Jack Nicholas and Jessica Lange), the first director director Lucino Viccanti is a mis-n-scene, music (both mother tongue and Non-mother tongue), and less outstanding by using acting. I do not know what Vesccini has to do in her view, seeing La Terra Trema and how her political motives sometimes breaks. But it is a full-fledged character and psychological based drama, Melodyram's boundaries (however, with less shrinking conventions), and style in the stranger style of stranger, Wisacdon has created such a debate as any other neo-realistic film related to it. Neo-realism, by the way, can be properly asserted that it is an ancestor (children of de Sicker watching us), which will be shaped after the war. Although love and romance are not much more here than some more neo-realistic efforts, it is confronted with a story of a bare-brother story and it hates the other known themes of neo-reality (lower class, death, despair). . In addition to the story, as well as the story described on this site, those who have captured the pictures of Wisconsin and then kept their objects (a shawl on the Guinness Coaster profiles) when the culprit is), shadows and the dark scenes in which the film's subsequent scenes (usually Zia, and Giovanna), and beyond the views of Italian streets in exotic scenes. Domenico Skal and Aldo Tanti (who will take lens of Rosellini and Felini's films) helped show Osnie's face, which usually goes towards a character, then refrains from reading emotions on their faces, their voices and methods, and ugly, sad and dark And romantic. I think I'm just scratched on this page, how effective the film itself was, even I was afraid of the future of two leads. The two leads (Masimo Girota and Clara Kalamai) represent all compelling, genuine, and relatively unexpected emotions, and the main supporting actors are also in addition to their virtues. <br /> <br /> This is a bright, crushing adaptation, and it marks an interesting sign of what will come for Visconti in his career.
