The first feature of Wisconsin, Oscegeni James M. Keane's postman always twofold adapted to the ring. Now, I'm not familiar with the version of the book or other movie, but I'm a big fan of Double Damage to Kane (actually I'm much more a supporter of Billy Wilder's film version). Two novellas seem to be very similar to them. Both an egoistic wife involved in an illegal love affair where a morally weak man complains that her husband is her worthless and her means. In this Italian version, female Giovanna, Clara Kalamei played very well, is not evil evil in the double chain of aggression, but she looks very bad. Her husband (Juan de Lander is a great demonstration) is a bit cruel to her, but she warns me that she is at least inconsistent with her. He is bigger and more irrelevant, so he rather sneak. When Gino shows, a young, muscular man, takes him about five minutes to get to bed. She wants to sleep, she wants to stay with her forever, but she keeps her husband confined. They break first, but when they meet again, they (probably, although deliberately unclear) plan to kill their husband. They succeeded, and they moved back home town to run the bar owned by her husband. Gino is very unenthusiastic about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but one thing is that he does not want to sit in one place in the rest of his life. Their relationship quickly crumbles. Ossessione is a very complex film with complex characters. It's always interesting, but it goes a bit too long. Two hours in 22 minutes, I do not understand how long it took for my life! This is partly due to neorealist stylics that Visconti is invented in this film. This, after that, the first film that won the label. Without being hasty in the next plot point, we see it prolonged in real life. I have seen many VISCANTITIES films, and better than one, I am Rocco and Heij Brothers (1960). The film was brilliant and the edit was perfect, as good as its direction. Gradually known for being a dancer and gradually named as Anaeta, who tried to stop Geovana, Gino met him and needed to point out the film's best performance. She is only in the movie for five or six minutes, and she has only a few lines. It is frustrating to see how many Wiscunts and Christians may be able to do this character within a short period of time. He is absolutely heartfelt. 9/10
