After more than six decades - "Osseini" is being watched today - it is still a strong experience, especially for those interested in film history, and how Italian filmmakers change movies forever (especially "Osseini" and De Six "I Bamboo CI" ", Falini, Antonioini, Pasolini, 20 years after 1943.) Wiscunti gives a wonderful instruction, his own As a guide for the development of themes, "The postman always takes double ring" (unauthorized) to take action. <br /> <br /> How much it continues to us today. "Ossessione" was shot in Fascist Italy during World War II. Do !!), has illustrated scenes and themes that have been banned from the theaters immediately - and it is a famous American novel cycle Using OUT and not providing any copyright, it does not help. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" publishes an anti-poverty wartime (Fascist "Telegoni Biennie"), but it is also very popular with its sexual cruelty The brave, shirtless Hong Kong Gino (Masimo Girota, who was earlier "Brande Kowalski" of Streetstar Named Desire), married woman Giovan (Clara calamine) took only 5 minutes for the first time after the conference. We are both Galo and Low Spain (Elo Marcujo - very impressive actor, his appearance was disrespectful to Pierre Clementi, his face was shot in 1945 by the Nazis, 28 in 28 years)! ... in some words: sex, desire, greed and Poverty, as soon as it was incredibly, sometimes, as shown before the Italian movie. <br /> <br /> All copies of "Ossessione" are destroyed soon after its inauguration - it is called stigmatized and immoral. Wiscunty was directed to preserve a print, and when the film was re-released after the war, most critics said it was a runner in front of the Neo-Realist movement before Rossellini's "Rome City Aperta" and De Sica's "Suesusius". Some other critics probably saw "Osseini" as the "poetic realism" of French film (supposedly as a Vicente for Renoir), especially Marcel Karne's "Queen of Bruce" and "Le Jarse Lev Lev" and Julian Duvier's "Pepe Le Moko". <br /> <br /> Although "Osseini" may be neo-realistic in its visual language (illustrating the war-time paesan life including its popular fairs in Italy, poverty, child labor, prostitution, left, swindlers etc.), the characters and themes are already Was disposificant Viscontian. He was more interested in social / political / sexually transmitted inequality, passionate, emotional, greedy characters, always realistic, "everyday life" characters and themes favoring Dissociate and Rosellini. We've already found many dramas and tragedy elements in "Osceni", after many of his films, especially "Senso" (exit from Nicole-realistic aesthetic aspects of Wincantry) and "Roque e Sue Fétili" ... even his most " Neo-Laiist "film," La Terra Trema ", he wakes his fisheries from everyday character to legendary figures. <br /> <br /> "Oscation" is a great opportunity to ensure the theory of great artists. Working body views, analyzes, and distinguished themes and concerns repeatedly analyze from their first to last program, without any matter, the visible, background or time setting may change - Visconti may play with frames but themes and its art essence, well, obsessively repeats Is. "Ossessione" will not be missed: You must be fascinated by this ground breaking, strong film.
