Fate / Stair Night is an animated series inspired by an H-game. Somehow it turned around making producer H-stuff without making it a successful series. It can not be done in any other way because the development of the letters is great as being illustrated in this series, and any change in it can only destroy perfection. (You can understand once to see all the episodes). Despite the relatively slow start (the producer takes his time while presenting the character) things are faster and soon after the middle series the action becomes so intense that your seat is glass. <br /> <br /> The matter of this series focuses on the Battle of Holy Grill in Fukuoka City in the last 50 years. The pilot actually begins to end the war and develops from there. The only surviving trial of the fire that started during the last war, and bound in a large part of the city. He unintentionally testified to a war witness between two servants, to bring his Riju (holy mark) to the most powerful servants of the battlefield, Saber. His first contact with Saber had saved him "such a great beauty ... I was lost for words". <br /> <br /> You do not have to compare this series with any other platform for fully understanding. FSN offers some cool sword fights, good animations, spectacular lights, a lot more than great soundtracks, it offers excellent character and relationship development. The facts represent what happens in the personality of the character. The action reveals the dynamic dynamic psychological and behavioral patterns of individuals (not similar to the use of other series of linear types) which constantly reveal their personality, under the mask of perfection, under defective characters. <br /> <br /> The character of Saber is associated with medieval legends, which is fit in this series and should be accepted. Do not think that you do not present FSN with this historical fact, remember that it is not an adventure / fantasy series and not a documentary and you can enjoy it as long as you do. The end is sudden and unexpected and if many episodes are twice the number then I saw them with the same breath.
