I liked watching Citizen X or the Eurovision Song Contest on Saturday night, I was sitting alone in my apartment and for the convenience of reading this facility in America, I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from all over Europe and Asia Minor have a song competition. At the end of the competition countries had to vote to see the best song. This is a contest that is less exciting than it does and it does not come as a shock when I say that Lenin and McCartney do not have the ability to sing and sing. And in the first sentence of this review, I should correct some because the term "choice" is confusing because I am not going to see TESC due to being a music lover. <br /> <br /> So I was sitting in the Citizen X's credit for millennial milling mill hoping to run one of the serial killers, but I would all be misguided by calling it. It's clear within the first 10 minutes of Citizen X. This picture refers to the failure of communism: "A serial killer comrade! It is a Soviet Union, serial killers can only exist in the temporary imperialist capitalist system". The opposite of this audacious attitude has gone a long way, in a scene where a secret police is sitting in a hostage train station keeping an eye on potential suspects when he was wearing a police jacket because it got the only warm coat! And of course, members of the suspected communist party who are suspected to be released without interrogation, which will affect the final death toll. It has been shown as a very good thing that it is the Communist Party's system which is facing trial, but about two-thirds through Citizen X we found ourselves in 1990 because communism has been reformed in its last leg and police investigation. . The film became rather selfish due to lack of political level and the film was released in the average Manhattan film. But Citizen X is an intelligent thriller who specially plays Donald Switterland as a parent and police chief. Curiously, a few years ago, I wrote something famous about criminal expert Colin Wilson, in which serial killers said something to be caught, so that they could concentrate on media spotlights and I sympathized with party chiefs that I That they may be serial killers there. Soviet Union. All the media-controlled parties and anyone who can hear an elderly radio Moscow or the English translation of Pravda, will know that the USSR only informed about planting of potato, coal production and thanking the letter of Afghanistan, Cuba etc. Soviet aid The idea of ​​becoming a serial killer in a communist system is unreasonable. But I guess that if a tree falls within the remote Siberian forest, it will still create a word, although no one can hear it.
