What makes the best picture material for? To make the untrained glasses fully grown, the Oscars have come for a lot of sticks and ignore the "otturus" denial for decades. It was not against the industry or creativity of the Hollywood. Academy Awards are selected by the industry, and for that reason, at least in the classic age, they reward the most exciting meetings, the most exciting meetings of the creative minds. <br /> <br /> Arthur MGM was bound for Oscar winning glory for many years by this point of release; It was only a matter of time before the War of Liberation, its strong director Vincent Minley and one of the best musical instruments in the business would take his best picture. The liberation war did more to raise the status of harmony than anyone else, by creating dynamic images of 30 musical instruments, creating pictures that make stories and songs together. The point about open music, song lyrics, unlike Hammerstein or Lara, is not to say stories or even related. What is important is the tune of the song and fit in the framework of the film in the way it is presented. <br /> <br /> One of the parasite Americans played three free songs (the first two were singles) between Ryan and The Band Wagon), which took the classic numbers out of their original context and worked in relation to their whole related story. The sound does not fit the plot, but the routine fits the show. So, when Gin Kelly received a light from me, she did not have any daughter, but the way to join French kids is a big bit of character, and the upload tune and dance movie gives a little lift. An American Parisian lassie caron describes the series of dances, such as stories, to restrict the customs restrictions to add a little unusual fancy. <br /> <br /> Is this a better director for a project than a minaret, a painter himself and a pianist? There was no one who had a better experience for technicolor at this time. Although some directors align each view in one color or fill the screen with screen shades, the mineral color schemes are strictly controlled but will not look for force. Tons are muted in early scenes, but do not poke, and especially red absence. A few other vibrant shades were introduced in the Cafe meeting of Oscar Levant and George Getty. Then, the first musical number "by Strauss" Minlini gradually brings red splash ?? A table cloth, a bunch of roses ?? Finally the song gets prominued, as the song raises the color scheme of the film. For most of the songs, colors are complex dancers like humans. However, in some numbers, such as "trê la la" he keeps shades one and instead the song gets swollen and the letters become more animated. <br /> <br /> Her story of Achilles' an American's Hill in Paris. I personally think the romantic angle is particularly unwanted, it's playing a lasting deficit in 30 minutes for the worst-case romance stories of the regime; Headstrong, independent woman becomes frustrated, when a gentle, delicate girl is thrown into the love of the hero. Even if you do not feel like it, it is difficult to connect with emotion in the story because it is always spread by songs and dance. Compare this to Singin in the Rain, which is not really a great routine or a memorable piece of piece in an American paris, but it's a winning story. In the 1952 Oscars, the singles were 'unknown' in the rain, but it is considered to be the classic of today's genre. But I think sometimes people forget that the movie is a complete form of visual entertainment, it does not mean to say a story. A Parisian American is not deep or engaging or tear-jerking, but the picture of a certain egg that won the next year's best prize, it must be a great show.
