George Gershwin's 1928 orchestral piece, "Seventy-minute dancing sequence of an American in Paris" is an integral masterwork. The vibrant combination of character, color, music and dance with precision and strange flares by Jean Kelly is still visible, because the piece breaks into the inspired scene of the chosen master artists - the opening place, The La Concorde Tucker, Duffy, the market of Vertee flower, Utrello on the streets of Paris, Rausau in the fair , Vincent van Gogh and Moulin in the spectacular sights The La Opera Pokro Ujera tulauja-lautreka where Kelly wears his famous white badiuita. The last 97 minutes of this final episode is not exciting, but there are some characters to watch the 1954 Oscar winning song. <br /> <br /> Director Vincent Minerali and screenwriter Allan Jerry Lerner have created a surprisingly sophisticated fashion, if a little romantic story focuses on Jerry Mulinon, who is trying to live as a painter in Paris after a former GI World War II. With its bragadocio method and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly may be ingratiating together and irritating as a screen personality, but she found her ouvre as unpleasant Jerry. The love-triangle plot is a spontaneous industrial sponsor but a sex hunter for the involvement of Jerry, who is associated with Roberts, to young artists. At the public's Montmartre nightclub on the first day, Jerry unexpectedly read for Lisce, a lady from Henry, a young woman who was a professional entertainer and a friend of Jerry Pale's friend, Adam, Off Out of Concert Pianists. The romantic complex does not happen until the inevitable finish, but before the classic gharance songs are played. <br /> <br /> Most of the best mimicked - A lazy romantic song and a blue stylish fog with a yellow fog light for "our love to stay here" is a mistake-a seine river. Because Kelly and Leslie interact with each other in a consistent way with each other, and then synchronize the music directed toward the final clean-up. There are so many films in some films and in short term two people are falling in love. "Eye Got Lath" and "S Wonderful" Kelly's shiny top-dancing and spotlight for singing spontaneous songs, when "AllSaible U", the scene of Henry Liss's over-map-over-the-scenes scene in five scenes, impressed by the impressive. Because the dance is designed to show multifaceted, this sequence is similar to "On Town", where Vera-Allen displayed her remarkable dance skills by describing her multifaceted view of Kerry's sailor Ms. Turnstyle. <br /> <19-year-old Curran (in his first film), has played a striking role as Leish and for several years he has played his role with his disgraceful character with disrespectful character. It looks quite interesting, Nina Folk plays the old manipulatio Millo and likes to care about our fate, when her simple spontaneous self like Oscar Levant Adam An elegant "I will build a paradise from a staircase", George Gueretti plays Henri with so much respect that you feel bad that she will eventually lose the girl. This is not the best MGM musical everywhere, but it is definitely good for filmmaking. 2000 DVD is a fairly typical printing but there is little other than additional terms.
