Percephal (1982) Starring Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Separ, Edith Chikawar, Egg Hougland and Reiner Goldberg, Evon Minton, Wolfgang Hear, Director Hans-Jurgen Cyberber's Voice <br /> <br /> The 1982 film, which was released outside of the German school film, the symbol and Angmar Bergman's suparrealism, was released in the final of Wagner's final film - Percival, which was combined with Good Friday / Easter and for the inauguration of Bayrouth Opera House. Was written. This film follows the musical score and plot accurately, but it is not as brave and ant-guarded as it was written and played, and a perciphal crown of its odd cinematography. Cyberborg is known for the controversial film. Prior to this photo, he published a documentary about Hitler and Nazimam, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-semitism and one of his grand daughters Winifred Wagner. This image is probably annoying in many ways. Percival (Reiner Goldberg's song, but Michael Kutter's acting) is a male after the first part of the film and then after the surprise of smoking kisses, a woman is transformed. This gender-flexible element shows the female / monthly / ying-young nature of looking for the Holy Grill that serves all mankind and removes it through Christ's blood. Pagan astrologers have pictures of such notorious images in the castle of Klingang, Hitler, Nietzsche, Kosima Wagner and Wagner's deputy director, Matild Weissend. The swajotic flag hangs out of the castle. Perceptual travels throughout the film in the 19th and the 20th centuries. Seductive flowers are naked girls. The comet is beautiful but depicted by the corrupt Mary Magdalen or Houston (played by Edith Chikawar but neatly protected by Mezo-Sopra Yevon Minton). Finally, this movie is for fans of such malignant Germanic / European symbolic metaphors and for intellectuals who praise Wagner's operators, history and lovers. Indeed, singers are grand and compulsory. Reiner Goldberg Percephelle is a very intense and intense voice, but the depth of the spectrum of the greater par excellence and overall glory - James King, Wolfgang Wingasen, Ron Kolo and today's own Plasidido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a passionate-voice, dramatic and exciting smoker, totally delving into her troubled state. Although the production is of course overwhelming and non-Wagnerian it may be found (Wagner's idea is that of Christian formal pope, with the usual Wagnerian themes like Grill, Spear, Castro, Knight and Wounded King, a dark magician, turned into darkness, etc.). .it is still an enjoyable, art house film.
