Before I could see it, I knew nothing about chocolate. I do not know anything about stories, cast, directors, or film's history. I knew it was a highly acclaimed French film. If I want to know more, I probably did not see the picture with an open mind. Paper is not attractive to me at the premises. I knew the time before the chocolate was, and I had limited interest. However, I did not help to enjoy it for learning about the story. After all, I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do and the end result would be. If this is not something else, then not a predictable film. Indeed, as the stories of Flashbacks are told it may be. While saying a story in flashbacks, often a risky move by filmmakers. As the lead character is seen in the present day, the visitors know that he will live. Using the flashback technique, Director Claire Dennis was able to convince the viewer that the girl turns adult without any serious physical harm, explains to the viewer that chocolate is a story about emotions than anything else. A lesser filmmaker will face France with a vague appearance, which screams with a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Dennis represents France as a beautiful girl, anyone who looks fine outside. It may be advisable that chocolate is much more than France's mother, since she has been given a lot of screen time, even though I believe it's finally about France. To me, chocolate is actually how a mother's work influences her daughter. This is how parents behave with their children. France's story is not wasted by her mother's actions, her mother's work clearly made an impression in France. While France is not influenced by its mother's actions, Flashback aspect will be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a movie related to two movies, past and present times, chocolate was a very good ripe, there was no extra fat scene. None of the scenes felt inappropriate or find the place. The film was a classic rhythm, editing Christian, which was needed to tell the story. With a good story, strong editing, and organized direction, I see Chocolate as one of the best French movies. It was responsible for launching Clear Dennis's career and for good reason: it's an incredible director to debut.
