Set in Cameron in West Africa in the 1950's, Claire Dennis' chocolate is a beautiful, photographic and emotionally adapted poem that depicts the effect of a dead colonialism on a young family in the last years of French rule. The theme is similar to the latest in Africa, though movies are quite different in terms of opportunity and importance. A foreign country is called the film from adult perspective to get back home in her childhood. France's Damans (Merrill Perrier), a young girl going through Cameroon, remembered her childhood when her father (Francoz Klujet) was a French official in French Cameroon and had a loving friendship with Brudge Mannavent, Protea (Isaiah de Banco). However, the heart of the film revolves around the love of France's love affair with Giulia Boschi and Pratti, who is sitting on obscure sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The family is divided into public and private spaces. The White Family rooms are private and restricted to everyone except private, who are forced to eat and drink the servants who work at home and outside the house, bronze bodies reveal white gazes. It becomes clear when her husband Mark (Franco Kulujit) goes to business that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted to each other, but they refrain from accepting the rules of society openly. In a continuation of one word, he invited him to help him to wear his clothes, and both of them looked at each other's image of the images with an unexpected desire in front of their eyes, knowing that no interaction was forbidden. <br /> <br /> The young French (Seychel Duchess) make a tie with a man, feeding him from his plate, when he sees him eating an ant ants and taking him on the shoulder at night. In spite of their ties, while taking Prity to her home to prevent her interaction with the teachers of France, and when she stood beside the dinner table, while waiting for her next command, the true nature of France's master-servant relationship is clear. . When an aircraft loses its driver and is forced to land near the mountains, the crew and passengers must move to the compounds until the replacement part is placed. Each viewer shows their disrespect to the Africans, one, the wealthy owner of the coffee plantation hides the black girl hiding in his kitchen in the kitchen. Another, a disgraceful white Frenchman Luke (Jane-Cloud Adeline), uses food outside of the outside, feeds with slaves, and tricks the protests to his attraction, leads to a final mental conflict with the ethnic, he destroys racial equilibrium. <br /> <br /> Chocolate is less autobiographical, adapted from the director's childhood memories, and gradually and as it is the land brooding isolation which is imprinted As mysterious. Dennis's title makes his point about the influence of colonialism without romanticizing or promising letters. There are no victims or oppressors, no simple good boys. A servant is a servant, but he was also a protector, when he watched the bed, where Aami and his daughter slept to protect them from their tension. It is a tragedy that the prototype is considered as a boy, not as a man, but in the balancer shows his character with such glory and dignity that it reduces pain. Due to its speed, western listeners may have to work hard to fully praise the film, and in the words of Queen Ebert, Dennis "does not train our emotions". The truth of chocolate lies in the gestures and eyes that touch the silent desire of our heart.
