I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of the movie I was not completely sure that I was going to sit the whole thing. Like many other people, I found it quite annoying, and I did not really want to see the bites of the bites of the bites and wait one and a half hours to stop them together. However, if you make the first thing you can do to make the finished product enough to watch the finished product, then you can understand how effective the rest of the movie is. I am really sorry that so many people have found this unreasonable boring or reinstated ideas made by other artists. <br /> <br /> The calm studies of some artifacts and methods of Andy Goldworth, which completely ruin his art of nature's nature, are usually cut into pieces by nature. Entropy process. It is slowly running and weird, but I think there are many points in the film that there is no need for praise to the works of Lord Howard. I've always heard people talking about filming, instead of just talking about nature and its artwork for myself, which I think is just crazy. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> People complain about the CD coming along with songs written inside them. Many musicians believe that in addition to the musician, the sound that the audience wants, the music must be considered just like the correct song, I guess I am a person who believes I want to know what artists are trying to do with artwork. I can not take it even if I still want to know what I did not want to do. I do not want to listen to him through the movie. He ultimately lose his thinking and seems unable to explain himself some of his work on multiple occasions, but if you do not want Goldsworthy talking about his art, you are watching the movie, shutting down the words freely. If you want to read the song, the song is not readable, if you want to know which musician is singing, then explain yourself in your own language. <br /> <br /> I think Andy Goldwarthy's work, which I had no idea before. I saw this movie, incredibly impressive, and I'm glad this movie was made to show it. Indeed, since his work is not usually like being transferred to the studio, photography can only be published by a medium other than the film, and I am really grateful to see the work I see in his industry. That is the only thing from nature that is used. Whether you are appreciating some aspects of how this movie is presented, Goldswari is running enough to abandon its work, because this film is not a star, Goldswari's art. And because of the lack of any music or even the smallest influence and the gradual nature of the film, I think that director Thomas Riedelheimer knows this.
