Zero Day has a purpose and it is not just entertainment, it delivers a message about school specialties about its special topics. Two friends took the life of André and Cal to attack their high school. <br /> <br /> The film started with a bit of a surprise, after a futile announcement of an upcoming attack in amateur youth teenage style, there was some minor conflict with the boys' families. We are not going to do business with boys even in a controversial view of the collection of guns with our boys, their love for their boyfriend, their brutal imagination and even pipe bombs. <br /> <br /> What is the movie trying to say? What is really inspired to be these killers. It really seems difficult to pinpoint. They certainly do not come across as cold blooded psychotherapies, they are still planning a cruel cruelty plan. I feel talented in this zero part of the day. Discuss continuously with how they will talk about how much cal and Andrei have on a different level, and how they will 'back all of us'. Like Columbine Assassins they really feel superior. Like the feeling of nitzaz, Cal and Andrei's standard system seems to be born because of their rejection from society. Yet we only look at it at a glance, for example, to hate the popular athletes. So where is the motivation? I think that Kosios has made two people in a remarkable statement to show a gesture of their power, for which there is no suitable place for this. Therefore, they face the massacre and attract more attention than any of these they can realize. In spite of coming from good school lover, school partners seem capable of doing abusive work. As part of a fantasy of murder, Cal and the Andreas have completely lost their imagination, they almost failed to see the reality of their actions. They introduced fantasy to tragedy. <br /> <br /> The second most interesting of this movie is the development of character and the unique reliance Cal and Andrei each other. André seems to comprehend the two leaders across the whole picture, the comprehension of his obscurity and hug is slightly bound. André Wisner, André is intense and serious. He completely throws others apart from his own family, he is right and specific about what he does and the main inspiration of the plot to attack the school for a while. Yet he loves his way, he does not accept the foolishness of the teen and then we feel compelled to agree with him, but at the moment, the lesions of Andrade's violence treat us as both respectable and potential victims. On the other hand, Cal, more relaxed than Andrei, more acceptance of the reality. Yet he has strong in his own way. We have many personal moments of surrender with Cal's video diary, the scene when he is single and separated from the Andres. Cal seems to be struggling using his own personal demons and exorcise their own plans. André suddenly is going to promote an old friend, he wants to calibrate himself. Cal Andreas placates and encourages him. For the first time in his life, André thinks that anyone who believes in him and who appreciates him can not be defeated. Although someone found a way to find him. <br /> <br /> The film must speed up and improve, because it is close to its serious conclusion. There is a nice moment when the CAL high school prom is present. Suddenly the star of this movie became shy and intuitive, not easily with his colleagues. Yet, we wanted to feel more and more relationships with the call by immense screaming of children when they were drinking plenty of alcohol in Limo. All of them are very common and recognized in an episode. We do not want to relate to them, when it ends and Cal comes back with Andrea, we ultimately love the characters to make one of their final videos, they feel safe safely in the fabulous world created again. We feel like the public shunning like them. <br /> <br /> Doomsday scene is fantastic. The final video underlines their operation within a few minutes before the invasion and cal attack. It creates a sense of all very real and truly upcoming ruins. We know that we know Cal and Andreas and they are really going to do this, we enjoy the catharsis of the film with a sense of fascination. <br /> <br /> Genocide is sometimes done on CCTV fashion, and if we were going to it, the murder image was a perfect choice, but errors were not in vain. The most important thing is that suddenly the radical change in the concept of Cal and Andrei's view turned them towards the person, and suddenly they were violent killers, we knew that they refused to accept that they wanted. It's violent and real, our hero has become a monster and the reality of their imagination is a terrible tragedy, which costs them all. <br /> <br /> The final scene portrays a group of tens of millions burning crosses for themselves. André and hate that he has memorialised cal. We can feel almost sad to know Andrea and Cal, that they have actually gone forever and they certainly can not win anything. <br /> <br /> Zero Day is certainly the media interested in these violent acts. It is a value worth studying worth of value.
