There are two distinct ways to enjoy this basic written, basic TV show ("Godfather" xx file and Buffy, etc.); As a demon show (It was when I was a kid afraid of hell from me!), Or as a good writing / acting Gumshoe / Film-Nir. It works both levels. Mildness may be submerged over the years (it was created in the mid-70's), but I was surprised to discover that through Shoke (via DVD) it was astonishing that I later enjoyed it more. The late Darren McGavin Karl Kolchak, a wonderful, strong, intelligent newsman / giant hunter who has always found a supernatural angle in search of the story; In the face of extra pressure of Calcutta, Tony Vinceeno's pain (played with Simon Simon of Oklahn's extraordinary world fatigue; you can feel his ulcerative ulcer pain!). These characters are mutually cracking and malicious (like the star tray speaker and McCain, only more acidic!). During two pilot TV movies and a seasonal series, Calcack Vampires, Robots, VerwoVoles, Dieses, Zumbies, Government Plots, Alien and Ancient Legends (A nine-year run of X-Files! One Season!). Calcutta first! And the composer Gil Babel is cool, partly for the main title song ... Well, Chris Carter Mike Snow (very similar) X-Files creator of the main title theme of the X-Files is a 'tribute' theme. Both themes work well; Leave that on. And unlike many modern horror / science-fo shows, most of the colloquac shows shadows, and hurriedly (effectively, and sometimes with gratitude; many of them do not conduct modern experiments; some are still DO). Modern horror shows take note: Less More! One of the few flaws in the ceremony (and it is a small one) sunbathing, passing in Los Angeles city Chicago to California. Night gallery was the same problem; Essential for a decent budget, LA based show. And some of the supporter characters (now) are seen as clichés (cheat reporter, Ron's adapter, always used for comic relief; sweet, elderly lady / advice columnist Emily). However, they all have their shimmering moment (cliché or not, since unlock many supporting TV characters!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show, which follows as a template for many. And Karl Calcutta is one of the richest characters ever written for a horrific section TV show (the real father of Agent Mulder). And as a footnote, I tried to see some episodes of the new ceremony, "re-imagination" of the show. This is an X-file clone (a copy of a copy?). And that's a bad one, Carl Kolchak is now a model-princess, Antisti 30-something (played brutally by an annoying Stewart Townsend). And giving him a scully type partner is also a haircut idea; Calcutta pushing alone, Don Quixote Crusader! Coachch and Vincenzo together? Where's the tension? Interplay? They chose to hang this reconstituted bit and BRAC's Colechke name, a prime example of how to not rebuild it: Take a favorite version series, cut everything unique about it, exclude all characters and colors (but keep in mind that the scriptures need! !), And voilà! Instant hash! It gets an 'F' at 'Fee-Imamins 101'! This new version fog is shown! Sticks with short-lived, but classic origins. It really gets better with age.
