The original movie, The Oud Dumpling, is some wonderful comic one-fishing boat. It seems that the whole world knows the story of neurotic yarn - Fikk Felix Aggar and funny, humiliating, slice Oscar Madison. This paring of uncomfortable roommates made the most successful TV series ever and countless, which is not good, but close to the reminder. <br /> <br /> Some wonderful surprises about the strange couple's Oscar apartment and her drunken habit. He asked, who wants food? One of his poker player friends asks, "What did you get?" Oscar says, "I've got brown sandwich and green sandwiches." "What is brown?" It's a very new cheese or very old meat! "I like the Oscars Refrigerator line," It's been closed for two weeks, I watched the milk standing there, which was not even bottled! "There is no question that Walter Matthews is happy to monitor the Oscars Madison screen, as well as the version of Jack Klogman's TV series. <br /> <br /> The problem with this film is Jack F. Felix's UniGerman, Jack is a very, very important, honest effort in the role. It is because he makes Felix disappointed and low-down that he is more boring than ridiculous. Tony Randall's performance in the series Felix's character has brought humor, warmth and sensitivity, which is lacking in Lemn's pictures.Tony's Felix may have been annoying for some time, but in the TV series, it relates to specific situations in which the story needed bothering.Jack's Felix Anger, (Note the various spellings) Film, Etting that does not seem to be happy, fun, or intermediate. There is still a roommate that takes you through the wall for a long time. <br /> <br /> There is still a lot of time in this movie that is going to be a test, the "famous" meatballing battle is the greatest scene ever! One of Felix '' small notes '' on Oscar pillow The best examples will be remembered forever. However, there are some dark sideings where Oscars move to the top, after Felix is ​​fooled by her "crying", and a scene involving Felix Linguine Dinner (although light by a funny line). It seems more humorous than comedians. <<br /> Perhaps this movie did not have enough time to watch the lighter side, which made this series so memorable in the movie. 20 minutes early is very annoying. The same problem happens with Pisidon sisters in Felix's conversation. The end of the movie is expected and is very pat. Each of them has very little care or compassion for each of them. As a result, the dark side of the film leads to many depression and anger rather than a comedy, unless you see the great scenes described above. It seems that Jack Lemon's Mickeyton man of Felix has brought the film, rather instead of increasing the comedy, instead of embracing the characters, the film brings the picture. <br /> <br /> It was able to make the 1970s TV series The Odd Dump best. Stay The original film is still very good. However, the TV series is much better.
