Most of the best films classified as "comedy" are fuzzy in comedy and drama. "Graduate" and "Love Cassidy and Sandals Kid", which were created in the late 1960s, are the perfect examples. They humor with dramatic undertones, or plays with many humor? In most cases, "weird couple" falls into this same category, which is still very dramatic with deep underpinning about human nature. What happened may be fun to most visitors, but letters can not laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the light-hearted TV show of 1970, the original "strange couple" is not just perfect people and their marital status is forced to live together due to which dirty people This should really be the opposite of two opposers because their marriage has become different and how their harmful idiosyncrasies express themselves outside of marriage. The characteristic characteristic of Finesse, Felix Agger (Jack Layman FULLY FULLY) and obscurity, Oscar Madison (Walter Matthew) is just starting and a little sponsor. Along with the story being published, we found that there is much more than silicon versus smoothing with these men easily. <br /> <br /> <br /> This story is really close to Felix Aggar, who may face the upcoming divorce from his wife, Francis. , We have never seen it but an important character throughout the story. At the end of the suicide, Eugene only knows that he knows: Oscar Madison's apartment where a group of insect friends often hangs. We learn that UniGuer is not a member of this "Poker Club", but the group knows what's going on and try to help them in an inappropriate manner. The best way to help Madison is to let him go with him until Ughor gets dressed in his suicide. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison, he does not know what he himself has received. If Madison was in Herbert Hewar's White House, perhaps the unlawful slogan of being framed by the fridge is a happy happy-go-lucky one. The idea of ​​feeding the medicines grabbed the church's cheese and kept the bread in two pieces, and then throwing the contents of the chip bag on the table. On the other hand, he booze a good time, at the young age and enjoy the women. <br /> <br /> <br /> He is not entirely different, he is very reverse. She is not just a perfect perfect knot who finds more pleasure in sterilizing the apartment than meeting women, but she knows more than most women eat and eat fine food. At one point, he called his ex-wife, not talking about reunion, but getting her recipe for meat. At another moment, Anagar was going to spend cabbage for a little while in Kalsol. When Madison feels disrespected, Angar finally acknowledges that he is only doing this for his roommate because he can not stand the Couloslaw. Who is this guy But there is another respected feature: Felix Hypondriac. He was upset about his health, where he claimed to create a strange publicity in public that he was helping his sinus. He seems to have every health condition in the book. And if they created more, Félix probably has them. Finally, he is very self-absorbed. <br /> <br /> Running wedding references across the film. At one point when Madison was refusing to remove Aggar, she said, "What do you want, wedding ring?" But he does not know that it is not such a handsome person that a dirty person can not deal with, but can do it on the other side. Their friendships became an incredible hell connection. And Claymax happens when Oscars married alone British sisters together for ridiculous and unfortunate results. It is sometimes written with a role that is difficult to visualize best performers of Walter Matthu and Jack Lemn, and it can not be missed. It is unfortunate that in today's comedy there is a sad lack of writing this qualification.
