I do not think I actually call Walter Mathu as an actress because of her. He was certainly wonderful in most light-hearted roles, but I guess that I always follow the success of his characters, the strongness and cruelty of his characters, the very opposite of his frequent co-star Jack Lemon's astrological personality, and I think a natural dramatic picture is his previous work extension . Genie Sax's 'Kinky Couple (1968)', adapted from a popular Neil Simon game, has been suddenly realized by clicking: Matthau, own right, absolutely sunny! Initially hit the audience as dirty, filthy and generally unexpected, his Oscar Madison finally leads his way into our heart, making Mantu complete with an emotional emotional confession that does not blame Meshour in his own voice completely. At the same time, during his own conception of Comedian, Lemon's interplay must of course be pitch-perfect; Indeed, this film belongs to both actors, who themselves have failed to lighten the screen of the movie, together they stay together. <br /> <br /> In order to remember Billy Wilder's screenplay for 'The Apartment (1960)', this blue simian comedy almost made itself around a morbid courtyard instead. The compulsory housekeeper Felix Unger (Lemon) tried to commit suicide by exile to his wife for twelve years, but after trying to open the hotel window, he left the concept of failure. Frustrated, he is a good friend Oscar (head), who can have potato chrysparas and green sandwiches (which can be very new cheese or very old meat! Oscar is kindly provided a place to stay in Felix, but soon the constant on his friend's shiny personality and absolute cleanliness Embarrassed by the force, this pair has become an abnormal form of the marital arrangement, Felix is ​​the wife of this disguised Bong believes that he is always a disgusting wife and Oscar, a gentle, overwhelming husband, who comes home after his assumption. This is a marriage that rarely lasted for three weeks and at the end we can fully sympathize with Felix's ex-wife, who is invisible. <br /> <br /> 'Kinky couple' is a great comedy, all the many reasons it has a lot of heart. For all their debates, It is clear that two roommates have lots of affection for each other, then when Felix tries to start a fiery rebuke, it can be seen most of the time? Perhaps invisibly ?? finally told Oscar how he was "top". Four poker friends (John Fidler, Harb Adelman, David Shenara, and Larry Henes) are constantly making some misconceptions about some vague resentment, but you can not refuse to deny their best intentions. The decision to treat Felix is ​​not something like them, but it may seem to have a subtle sense in its theory, but it may not be the right solution for Felix's unexpectedness and the lazy feeling of incomplete. Contrary to some comedy based on the popular stage plays (I recently was disappointed by Willard's Seven Year Ich (1955), this movie does not strike in just the same words, and relations between the two leads are increasingly growing tears, smiles and many disagreements.
