There is more to the opening of this strange couple than most movies. Felix Unger (Curse of the poor man even curses him) checks at the New York hotel. A clean lady said, "Good night." "Goodbye," he answered. In his room, he vacated his pockets, and then left his wedding ring only on his lift and struggled to address the objects clearly his wife and dear children. When the audience finally puts together ?? Ah, he is going to shut himself down? We see him open the window ?? Oh no, is he jumping ?? The poor man hit him down. Do you need to know about Felix Unza? His wife left him, he is a compulsory cleaner and he is a hypochondriac. And all the one scene. This is the special talent of Neil Simon's comedy ?? It's about the situation and the character. Is there some obvious physical joke ?? No crying, no cheap gaga? Only funny characters in uncomfortable situations. And, of course, he is a master of manipulating the audience's expectations. When coming from the Swing era, imagine that when I saw the date scenario, Felix was mourning for the separation of the marriage with the girls, so her roommate Oscar had done so hard to go to her apartment. He's blowing it up, is not it? Think again. Girls love her sensitivity, the ability to cry in front of them. Oscar is not paying enough attention because he wants to invite him back to his place because his meat factory was burnt. He's like a fly, okay? Ah, yes, but she does not want to go with the girls because she feels weak. Great stuff. And it's made more with a style that reduces editing and maximizes the wonderful eight-room apartment set. You got Jack Lemon and Christie's slogi, Punchy Walter Math, why is it messy? The visual style reminds me of the Teuffen's breakfast, that huge effect is made from the interface between the huge depth of the field and the various action planes. Felix's scene escaped from Oscars is particularly memorable, to close the partition only to realize the partition, where the Oscars do not cover the direction it is coming. You get the real idea of ​​the apartment layout and thus proximity that lives in two divorces. The evolution here is that these two are really married ?? With each other So watching about married life which can be ignored in a normal romantic comedy, they have become even more stupid because they two.
