This movie can catch a lot of flaws, but it is usually based on the terrible look and cover / costume version of the American television movie, and it has been issued in VHS and DVD companies, such as alpha, unicorn etc. Although it was selected by the Evo embassy in 1973, there was no theatrical release of the film in the film. During the time that Spain was involved in nudity, filmmakers shot two versions, one cloth and together. The completely inactive English dubbed export prints are not titled in English, and in the 80's it was released back to Sweden's home video. It can be found ebay and preferred and highly recommended. My guess is that Evo will cut the movie for a rated release that has never happened. In 1974 it was published by Aveo titled Fowie of the Wolman and the version printed for this TV print was used. After 12 years, Katow and Walpahman's line came in the home video of the charter label. This version seems to be moving to Avaro back to '73. This is an unreleased version, some nudity that will never pass on TV or in PG movies. There are several scenes on the chartered nudity for TV prints (all of these Dollars and VHS versions). But the completely void Wolfman never compares the slips comparison that version 2 is cut this version! (Spoilers in the next paragraph) Incomplete in the scene where Ilona Waldermar walled him after converted into wallwolf and whipped him. After whipping him to submit, he started stripping off his clothes and started loving with VeruWal !!! Virtual sexual abuse responds to sexual abuse. This scene is certainly regarded as one of the most unusual in the history of horror films and an incentive treatment. It was not graphic, but the intrinsic animosity for the US viewers was too much, or perhaps more than the MPA. Elona was very cruel in love with Voldemar and could not hold him, so her whole plan to control Waldar's wife involved him in a matter. He wanted to ruin his marriage, and he did it when he was at Waldemar Tibet. Unfortunately he returned to a Vernon, but this is not slow down a bit. If he can not physically keep him as a man, he would love him as if he was sexually active. This helps explain the next scene where Verruffol was lying in bed with a woman when she was sleeping while sleeping in her window barrel. This scene is presented in the covered version of sans nudity and really makes no sense. In the ineffective version, Verauwal is horny in the context of Elonna and it seems necessary for the liberation war, so she rape the first woman after fleeing. The other is Wendemer's full view of Karen's bed and she is seen naked. Along with the US version of Warholf Shadow (Wehrolf VS Vimpier Owen), a very similar bedroom scene was spent. For some problems in the film, though it has problems. The director was addicted, the bad position for Verubal in the point, the abusive English dubbing, the first Waldama movie, Mark of the Wolman, and the use of Blake Terrero of Frankenstein, and the great use of the music score score of the whole film. It is not seen in its original widescreen format and untext (i.e., Warlock is never slips). It is one of the wildest and most harmful of the Dinniski Weaveroft series, apart from a plot line, everything is not in sync with the kitchen's sync system. Scanning the cut / cladding pan and the full screen copy of this movie is not of any benefit, and unfortunately it often comments to everyone on the film. The film carries the copyright of 1970, and I want to make the IMDB wrong on the date of the liberation war of 1972. This image was before Warwolf Shadow (Ark Weaver Wish the Wampyear Omen) in Syria and was certainly released before Warwolf Shadow. Never ending the wirewill / Wolfman's concrete proof is not provided directly in the Warwolf shadow opening. Sadly this can not get a decent release in a full version. A perfect release English will be the desired English version but Spanish with English subtitles. English dubbing severely hurt the movie But the Spanish language version will reflect Franco era covered edition in Spain, where there was nudity.
