Distortion is a boring, hunting film, about the life figure and the life reflected in the art. The film's director, Heim Buzaglow, has played the role of an artistically blocked and sexually exploited playwright, who has been skeptical about his daughter's friendship documentary. As an Arab suicide bomber, concealed in Skullcap and American T-shirts, he travels through the landscape in search of his goal and his nerves, Hyam transforms his daughter's biography as her documentary film, and lives herself and her actors during rehearsal. But the bombing has already happened, and Heim left the restaurant just a few minutes ago. In spite of manipulation of time and space, the story is crystal clear, comprehensive and dry, a brilliant commentary about the "distortion" of daily Israeli life, where it is united with political personalities, where everyone is "on the verge" and people do not know that they are playing a vigorous role in their lives. Or just another player in the dramatic story, only the outgoing players of BIT players We always see voyeurs, fantastic directors but see what the "real" director likes to reveal. In order to remind us of our memoirs that violate our privacy, Bjgallo takes our bathrooms and bedroom (sometimes on the bedroom and on the roof), and frames his views repeatedly on TV, video or safety screens. Actor actors played the role of actor who represented the "real" character. Of course, each actor has its own production star, only dimly aware of their reduced role in the personal film of his fellow actors. Detective-appointed detective play becomes a character. To find "tips" about how the actor employed in the role of detective role will play this role, the surveillance tapes are captured by detectives and they appear on a cast party as their original cellve. Despite the multiplication of this opinion, the clear line of this narrative does not misunderstand: the playwright searches for the subject, tries to attack the bomb, and detective strips the filmmaker. There is no problem to mark the final goal of Bausgel? Strong and oppressed Israel is fully aware of dangerous hazards but unable to act meaningfully. Israel buzgalo, overwhelmingly fictional playwright, cannibalize his life for his play. Israel is a bankrupt soldier-entrepreneur who is a filmmaker's documentary, cheating actor and actress and helpless husband. They all because they catch helpless, inertia or vain steps because Israel is scanning the landscape for its best goals. Any other bombing is reported as having sex and hunting "scores" are kept. <br /> <br /> Winning in private life, perhaps a movie, in a story, is a retaliation at the end of this game. , But visitors will be wounded for the state of Israel, even in the story of a person, they respect the memorable emblem of Boygallo's sad memories of the nation.
