I enjoy this show, but the format requires some work. First off, good features How will I take this event through daily life of our addiction, because the producers have made addiction to the addiction to show how bad they have been to their lives. Then follow which an intervention is followed. Interference candy coat is not a negative result of things and sometimes the result (due to time limitations between filming and air often short-term). It makes positive results even better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like about shows is the quality of the camera work. The reality is that this camera has to be shrunk somewhere and will not be able to re-shoot scenes, photography is surprisingly good and stable. It is actually better than the "shield" scripted shows, where photography is so bad that it can cause vomiting. <br /> <br /> Now bad. Two episodes are sometimes seen in two totally different and unrelated areas, which will be combined at the time of the show. You will be caught in an addiction story then suddenly you are thrown into another story. When you are caught in the story suddenly you come back to the first addiction ... or are you? Up until now you have forgotten what type of person in the screen is currently on. In the drug, these constant flip-floping interference scenes become confusing because the display will even match two completely incomplete interference! I once heard the marketing BS. The reason for this poor design is: "This display can be so intense that switching to other addictions lets viewers absorb what they see." Please. Obviously this is done because they have two cases that are not large enough for an hour to get them so that they mix two together. Instead of blocking every half-hour, instead of blocking them, as they should, viewers compel the whole thing (and commercial), but they are interested in one, but not the other. <br /> <br /> I find these "Blender" episodes so annoying that I only ask my tevo to record an addictive episode, but then it becomes easy to record them all.
