'Intervention' helped me with my own addiction and recovery. I am a middle-aged married father. I am quite effective in my personal and professional life. Yet, I have a pain in my past that I use addiction to depression, and the things I am slowly recovering. When this drug and their family share my life with me, they help me improve my relationship with my life and my family. <br /> <br /> Shows like many people, excavations have been excavated in the past and the incident is probably because of their addiction. Many of us suffer because they are afraid to go back and be very scared, Alice Miller said, "the discovery and emotional recognition of the truth of the personal and unique history of our childhood." To get this process done, credit is available for the show. This excavation is painful and difficult, but it's worth it. So much coverage of addiction - imaginary and non-imaginary - ignores the underlying problems. Often it is supposed that the addiction starts to shoot one day or for fun or pleasure or interest, and now they can not stop. Not so: Addiction is about killing the pain. I can relate to various events and difficulties in human life. There are general themes, and there are wonderful exceptions. Many addicts have suffered miserable abuse. Some children simply respond badly to divorce. Those who think that addiction is responsive to a problem, I would simply say that different people react differently. Although some children handle divorce effectively, on the other hand, like the Cristy on the show, "falls into a pillar on the floor" and the event changes their life forever. <br /> <br /> For example, last night's counselor said that the beautiful young Andrea seek legitimacy from men. He made cash for a 75-year-old neighbor and allowed male to abuse him. Anyone known? The series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motivation and to balance our lives. Often it is with our small problems who suffer the longest. As they say, even the closing clock is correct twice a day, but slowly the clock can be searched for a short time, until it weakens your life. For the producers: Thanks for making you to dig in the past, for follow-ups. Also, the graphics, layout and theme music are bright. <br /> <br /> To the drug addicts: Thank you for sharing. Did you help yourself or did you help me?
