Kells Secret is a wonderful first animated feature that will surprise your eyes and move your heart. Limited film budgets and sometimes limited animation errors are more than getting compensation by the visible poetry of the young Brendon's heroic quest in the dark ages of a major illuminator's story. Historically, at the end of the 8th century, Irish education centers were more driven by the Vikings. Vikings are displayed here as barbarous rivals, luncheon hun and east of the north sea of ​​Mongolia. Description of the film --- which works as an example --- Brendan, who tries to create the beauty of his illumination while stopping the darkness and his tough uncle Abbott - who tries to defend, the city of Kells and his nephew, as a barrier against Nurman With the wall Abbott ignores Brendan's industry value in his quest for security. This movie's outer conflicts. Brendan's internal conflict is finding out the secret eye of creative illumination that will allow him to complete the most difficult picture of the Kells book. This eye is protected by a Dragon Oroboros, which can not be wiped out of those who are not fit to search in this way, for example, vikings will kill from outside (which I will publish!) <br /> <br /> I am really about this picture What I like it is the imagination of some of the greatest works of survival in the West 1200 years ago. The letters are decorated in plain abstract shapes, defined by lines like Kyle's original book. (Especially notable, Aden's pet cat monk, defined in several lines, even purely - and even magically transformed.) Brendan and other animated characters, which reveal the economics of their abstract designs as excellent. Director and his Animation Artist The decorative boundaries of the picture vary to complement the dramatic effect of a given scene, and this feature of dark era illumination is brought to Kells's secret strange animated life. Of course, historical plays generally tell us more about our own time than trying to illustrate our drama. However, by presenting the archival elements in this story, the author and director of the Kells of Secrets has expressed a majority of living experiences from the distant time in Ireland, which seems to be mentally true, but the script may be confused with historical events. (The United Nations 'band of illuminators that emerged as a club of artists of the Kells of Secrets', is not historically possible, but they all have specially designed, distinct character characters, which do much to illustrate this theoretically universal appeal. And to help us understand the visual arts of the culture, the animations are always on my mind Car takes. The magnificent industry of this film evidently evolved from its historical visual source, but has been cleverly adapted to the animated story; If the animation existed in the Dark Ages, the SECRET of Kells would look like this! Finally, the artist repeatedly searched for the artist to reveal the beauty, life and inspiration of Brendan's hero in this film. (In addition to preachers or even especially Christians, this film has strengthened Jesus' command that "people can not live alone by bread.") According to my estimate, the most inspiring film of the creative process of creative art is Andrei Tarkosky, Andrea Ruble, a film about it 15th Century Great Russian Icon Painters The Secret of Kells reveals the same sense of mystery and happiness about the artist's visual search and creative process. This is certainly not as deep as Andrea Rubel, but --- hack --- it's a cartoon! (And one that will appeal to both young and old alike.) I think the film will be well-kept to repeat: In its short-term life-affirming process, these stylized Kells are a classic.
