Until 1945, after the string of tough WWII promotional pieces, the hold of Earl Flin's hold on the US box office began to decline, despite the increasing burden of the terrible faces, although he started a series related to the section that had previously been named: swashbuckler . The first of these was really good - Don Juan's initiative (1948) - but it proved to be the last big budget Hollywood actress. On the other hand, on the day of the rest of the war-fighting, across Europe, Chem (1950), The Master of Blatterre (1953) and The Dark Engegar (1955), France's Inventions of Captain Fibian (1951) and Italy William Tell (1953) And to see the story of Crossed Shores (1954) a little bit canceled. However, Hollywood hugged her for the last time on her way to the old sea - though she was used to learning from Universal films with modestly budgeted instead of Warner Bros. 'A' ... <br /> <br /> However, the magnificent technicolor Cinematography closes the screen here and when an old and flabby flann can see the pale shadow of his former soul The leading lady led by Red-headed, Maureen Vahra, has a field day as a Twenty-Beacon Leader, craves romance deep down and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was still a few years away from a few years old of his life, so here he has usually starred as BD - pirate captain Roque Brasiliano, he played the role of a cowboy attack. ফ্যালওয়ার্থের কালো শিল্ডের মতো (1954) - এটির একটি দেখার আগেই - সমস্ত ফ্ল্যাগের বিপরীতে চলমান টেলিভিশন দেখার সময় আমার আনন্দিত শৈশবের দিনগুলিতে আমাকে ফিরিয়ে নিয়ে যায় যখন মদীনা হলিউড চলচ্চিত্র স্থানীয় ও প্রতিবেশী ইতালীয় উভয় দিনে চ্যানেলগুলি <br /> <br /> <br / > I know that this is the first pirate movie that I saw and I shout at the thought of young people of today's generation Saying that CARIBBEAN trilogy is all about buccaneering! As I said earlier, the best pirate yarn brought on the screen against all the flags may not be, but it is all the same example of this great generation. Nowadays, every child in her matamatakari phlainara Indian princess (Alice Kelly) Regardless of consistency is the sub-Haq (1940) and Black heights, despite clearly articulated - SWAN (1942), in order to specify its related enterprises are the stars in the sea - very loud and Reasonably compelling. Eventually, the picture will be rebuilt with Doug McCall as King Pierate (1967). <br /> <br /> এটি কি মূল্যবান, অপ্রত্যাশিত আধুনিক ফ্র্যাঞ্চাইজির অভূতপূর্ব বক্স অফিসের সাফল্যের সম্ভবত সম্ভবত তাদের উদ্ভাবিত অনিচ্ছুক মুভি স্টুডিওগুলি তাদের ক্যাটালগের স্ল্যাশব্লিংয়ের শিরোনামগুলি ধুলোতে এবং ডিভিডিতে মুক্তি দেয় এবং আসলেই , সমস্ত ফ্ল্যাগগুলির বিরুদ্ধে একটি নিখুঁত চিন্তার "পোর্ট্রেট অফ দ্য গোল্ডেন এজ Movie collection ", which was set up from Universal There was a jewel, including Biscanear's Girl (1950); Evan de Carlo, with Dol Crespons (1951; Donald O'Connor) and Yanaki Bucaniyar (1952; with Jeff Chandler)! The value of money, perhaps, however, I've just earned the Eral Flin Flick from other sources; Even if the mood hits me in the future, I would like to keep my hand in sea marine events like the Edward Damiette's Moutini (1952), the earlier mentioned Yanaki Bushania and Piru (1961).
