The night leading up to a theme capturing the week is a wonderful fictional account of weeks and that followed the important events in the week. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed both of these independent Christian cinema's production standards and quality standards thoroughly. <br /> <br /> production value Hey, this is an independent film, with shoes-string budget, so, it's a little hungry (if your value is Hollywood's rented enrollment). However, it is perfectly acceptable with other independent films, this film is totally acceptable. Acting style, dress, and more important than singing itself is a description. Is the story mandatory? Does dramatic moment work? Does the story trajectory build a satisfied climax? Answer to all these questions is an inefficient "yes." As a side-note, really important technical components - consistency, sound, lighting - fine. Visitors are able to see the show without being confused by the mournful tech. <br /> <br /> content VALUE. The movie messages are fantastic. When you consider how many movie-makers develop ideas within a short 69 minute time, you start praising their art style. He represents the message of salvation, the consequences of mistrust, the dangers of retreat, the truth of the miracles and the sculpture, the imagination and the world's dominant ruling government for the most important gospel story. Biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> Movie Maker is a good storyteller. For example, he developed the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) He showed us through the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ through our request. This is a sub-plot where the Zoo-keeper is bitten by a toxic snake and is almost killed. The only cure is the blood of the snake poisoning. Poison is like sin! Like the blood of the healing Christ, spread over the cross. (2) The movie maker also develops the message of liberation through the dialog. He explained the truth about the need for salvation through human sins and faith in Christ. So, the filmmaker uses both the action and the conversation to tell her story. <br /> <br /> As a side note, the fact that a film produced by evangelical Christians actually contains conversations and scenes that expressly expresses the message expressed in salvation, is clearly combined in the evangelical Christian language, imagery, and theology, is quite acceptable. It is unreasonable to criticize the film for being a Christian; It is equal to a Nike commercial criticism for the promotion of sport-wear. What does the Christian filmmakers believe in God, if they do not have a movie? Also, filmmakers have used the idea that the unbeliever will lag behind in a vague world, and it is perfectly acceptable. The idea that the filmmaker is commendable uses the dramatic possibilities. How do i know In 1974, I heard from a woman who saw the path of the show at night; Yet thirty years later he lived in his memory. How many movies can you tell me about that? Around, a very enjoyable, thought-provoking show. I'm planning to show it to my teen group in the church.
