After her career began in the 70's and at full 80's, Elvira (Casandra Peterson) has become the real icon and real civilization around the world of horror and bad giant movies. Mr. Pietersen played various supporting roles in different types of motion pictures in the film, but his TV character Elvira brought him the most popularity. Part of her charm ?? And respect to the fans ?? Actually he did not return him to the horrific sequence of his popularity (many other big names, actresses and actresses who want to get away from their "primary" work). I saw only bit and pieces of his TV show, but his camo role in Ghoulton's recent tribute song "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to examine more of his things. A music video has already been made clear to me earlier: In the middle of the 80's, Elvira was forced to influence herself. <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after the film, her respect for TV-action, such as "Freit Night" and "Terrorist", has led to the distraction, finally it happened: "Elvira, MUSTRES OF THE DARK", motion picture . Now, I've already seen the trailer for VHS rentals, but by the last week I found the actual movie. A few years ago, I was driven to see "Elvira Hunted Hills" (created in 2001), but for some reason it did not affect me so much. Did it really forget, or can I give it another watch? I really really feel like watching it again, as this 8888 first Elvira film really convinced me. Perhaps this film is partly responsible for the work, but perhaps there is no way to deny Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contribution to the script: Cassandra Pietersen is a great feeling for comedians (he also co-edited with screenplay) <br /> <br /> <br /> When Elvi asked to know that he was a great aunt (he had never heard of), one of the beneficiaries, in Las Vegas. It takes it as a long-term opportunity to start its own show. In order to claim heir to inherit her heir, he traveled to a quiet New England city. But the city of Falwell is a treatment for the city. At any time, he managed to shock and humiliate all the significant residents of his small town (usually unreasonably) with provocative behavior. To make things worse, his legacy is not according to his expectations: a randown palace, a cookbook and a poodle. But he did not know, and his evil uncle Vincent Albert, his great aunt was a witch, and the dog's book contains recipes to make the most brutal dark powers imaginable. And if you have not stopped this movie, then Elvira cooked her first dish from the recipe-book, then be assured, you are going to sit on this trip with your smile. <Br /> <br /> It is surprising how a script is operated to tell a coherent story that comes together with a silly-joke, a wicked one-liner, movie references, jokes, and bids. Simple, of course, but coherent. When other movies rely heavily on situations like Gaga, often you keep a close eye on the story (for example, "naked guns" films, for example, for example), this film is not. Many horror comedies were made in the 80's, but many of them did not really work. Alone is a horror-irony that is not lost at any time ("murderer party", although I am grateful that the finals are completely bonuses) or become very tired ("Saturday 14th"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than the horror, but does not keep track of what it is doing and steadily moves towards the end of the wonderful end, the stranger diving with Elvira and the evil uncle Wizard Talbot is done with a supernatural procession in the Fallow Street, a real honest God - Finding the goddess witch and with Elvea's own burn-at-step moments. <br /> <br /> I tell you, there is no power in hell that can obscure this movie. Before Daniel Greene's name appeared, one of the first giggles was the first opening credits. Who is Daniel? Oh yes, I recognized her name (and later her dim-witted macho face). How can you never forget Daniel Greene once you've seen ... "Nuclear Psychology Ukil Steel Steel"! But if you have not seen "Nuclear Cyborg", I'm sorry, but you can not smile at his mouth. And in a side note: I never thought that Elvira was not watching this cool when unknowingly moving away from the gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez that shot could not look any better.
