"Why did they make them so big? Why did not they just give money to the poor?" A student was questioned about the cathedral while traveling to the school at the Salisbury Cathedral School. "This is a good question," he answered. "Partially to inspire them - to scare them." I'm not sure that cathedrals have that effect on everyone, but this film certainly had that effect on me. It was awesome! <br /> <br /> This does not start like that. For a while it was a bit more than an image - well - a school room salisbury cathedral trip. This is basically this somewhere if you've ever had a high school field trip. Most of you are frustrated with a group of kids who are happy to go to school, bus drivers who become crazy by them, and some teachers try hard to keep it under control. There was, that work, got my initial response to the T-shirt. I thought that in the end it was an extraordinary story of teachers who inspired a group of unskilled students to inspire. to yawn! But it's going to be a lot more! Timothy Splal Harvey was brilliant - with a strange attraction for the cathedral, a serious, helpless teacher. In the course of the film, her story came out gradually and became the central point of the story. We have introduced some boring students - especially Helen, who has also played by Nothali Press, who is self-separated. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but it has some strong reflection on religious themes. Harvey colleague Jonathan (played by Ben Miles) said, "No one has any faith in anyone, unless they try to force anyone else." Harvey answers, "It's not tolerance - it's indifference!" - Which is actually (in my opinion) often in our society for religious tolerance which passes. There are coordinating scenes between different characters, and the final scene of the film was brighter. After returning to Harvey on the bus, the director Susana White camera gradually rose above the pan, so that the final shot could easily be heard in the sky - Harry's comments that the purpose of the cathedral could be to scare people. The cathedral accomplishes its goal. We look at the wonderful universe, want something bigger than ourselves, but we like to define it. This is a very powerful and very inspirational movie. 9/10
