Match 1: Tag Team Tables match match with Bobby Ray and Spike Doodle vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Babba Ray and Spike Doodle Edie Guerrero and Chris Benoit have started with the Tag Team Table match. According to the match rules, both opponents have to go to the table to be the winner. Benoit and Guerrero were the first spike and then Bubba Ray got hammering early in the heat. The wind came out of Benoyet to the brother of a German slave duo of Bubba. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee prevented him when Benoit and Guerrero took him to the corner. By thirsting Bubba in Gono, Gereroo set up a table outside. Spike dashed into the ring and someraulted above the rope above on Guerrero! After the speaker was restored and cared for, a table burst into Guerre's ring and helped to set up Wolverine. Tandem will then be placed through the Babba table, which is set up for a double superplex from the middle rope, but Spike fell right on the table before coming down to crush his brother! Gerero and Benoit proceeded to another table in the corner and tried through the Irish Whip Spike, but Bubba was arrested by pushing his brother. Bubba burnt the fire and both the opponents behind the body drop! Gubo and Spike pushed the bubba into the Ullervine from a high rope. Bubba bayoteake winds in for air spikes! headbutt! Shortly thereafter, Benoit took Spice to the Crossroads, but the game continued to run after the speaker was out. Bubba was able to spread Benoit to the table for his brother's rescue. Bubba jumped from the rope in the middle, but Benoit went away and sent Bubba through the woods! But Bubba was allowed to stay in the match because his opponents did not force him through the table. The first man is dropped very soon, though Spike keeps Eddy out of the ring with a dog dose through the ring apper! Even after the Benoit score the spike through a table moment. In a few seconds, Bubba burnt a Bubba bomb which kept Benoyet on the table and conquered the doodle! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Doodle <br /> <br /> 2: Cruiserweight championship Jamie Noble v Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble for the Kriserweight championship, who was in the ring with Nidia. Nobel and Kidman tumbled on long ups and rings, but raced back inside and grappled in something more. When Kidman destroyed all the Noble movements, Nobel ran out of the ring, where Nidia gave him some encouragement. The war spread out of the ring and Nobel left his girlfriend in the Challenger. Kidman pulled the necklace, but a revised arm came down from the bar. Nobel Kidman's injured hand was attacking the ring. Kidman's wounds hurt his crime, but he continued to fight hard. Noble tried to keep Kidman away with a powerbomb but the challenger faced in a spokesman. Kidman went to finish things with a shooting star press, but broke Nobel's attempt. Kidman went for the shooting again for Star Press, but this time the Nobel came out only from the path of loss. Nobel Kidman soon leaked the bombshell and got the pin to maintain his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Won: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs. Jeff Hardy William Regal later won Jeff Hardy for the European Championship wins. Jeff catapulted Regal on the top rope and then dropped him down with a hurracanrana off the ring apron. Returning to the ring, Jeff hit Whisper in the wind grab air for a loop. Jeff Swanton went for the bomb, but Reagle hit Jeff with a devastating shot up his knee. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick rollup and got the PIN to keep the European Championship! Regal was seen to celebrate Hardy on the way back to Rampathar. Won: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Sr. Chris Jericho promised to end his career in the Senna venues, which came later. Jericho tried to teach Sina a lesson because he had matched his match to Matt. Jericho shouted around the ring until he was better than his finger. While climbing the top rope, Jericho began to embellish and allowed the army to take over for a super-spare! Sina follows with a ramp-a-cyclone slam but is thrown down damp with a sweat droppike. The ruku could recover in Suleksel's stomach and hit a stomach but Y2J could not keep it away. Jericho entered Lyssland, but the army destroyed this move. Jericho nailed a bulldog and then connected to Leonassault, but did not go for the cover. He started looking at Sina to his feet so that he could install the walls of Jericho. Sina had other ideas, tried pins and got 1-2-3! Jericho took Barça after the match. Won: John Saina <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Championship vs. RVD vs. Big Big Thing and Mr. In line with pay-per-view intercontinental championship. Brock draped it on her shoulder at the moment when grabbed title from reference and glaring at RVD. The speed of the van dam gives brakes early on. The big man came out of the ring and kicked the steel step out of despair. The brake pulled itself together and started to take charge. Paul, with the beaming of the Heimann ring, slams Ravid on the hard floor outside the brook ring. From there, the brake starts to overpower RVD, throwing him with ease on the top rope. RVD landed painfully behind him, then his spine suffered from cracks against the steel ring step. The battle came back to the ring with brakes shrinking RVD around the rib. RVD is broken and soon after a bronze pillar a temple stick with it. Rolling followed RVD with Thunder, but the brakes were out after two counties. As RVV went for a five-star streak, the fight looked like it could soon be. Brock, though, went to F-5 for hanging the van on his shoulder, but RVD floats Broad on DD and follows with Frog Splash! He went for pins, but Heyman pulled the reference from the ring! Reference urgently calls for a disqualification and commerce business with Heimann soon! Later, RVD leapt onto the bricks from the upper rope and then threatens to hit the van terminator! Heyman took the feet of RVD and picked the brake champion and this time connected to the F-5 onto a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker vs. Big Show Booker faces the next big show. Booker T's kicks and punches withstood and slapped Booker in the corner. After leaving the ring, the booker opens the chair at the ring, but the big show returns to the booker's face. In the booker ring, the camera tried to come back to the glittering glitter with the wire. Booker's Spanish announceers broke a TV monitor from the show's forehead, then distributed a scissor kike, both of them by the table! Booker rings and big shows crawled back into the staggered moment afterwards. The catch is to show the booker's throat but a low hit and face is filled with a stick. Booker top rope rose up and nail a somersaulting leg to get the pin! Winner: Booker <br /> <br /> Declaration: Triple HT had suddenly entered into pregnancy, because fans expected this game to learn how to finish the contest. Before he could talk, he stopped the game by requesting an apology for his personal business involvement. When signed with Triple H. Rowd, Bishf promised that his personal life would not be played again. Bisff said that he has been networking in the Hollywood network last week. He said everyone is looking for the next Breakout WH Super Superstar, and they all are Triple H. It was confirmed on Wednesday that traffic signs are being signed with H. round, its top opportunities are coming in its way. Stephanie McMahon resigned to issue his own pitch. He said, because of his personal history with Triple H, they are very well-known to each other. He said, the two of them were once unstable and they could be again. Bishf stopped him and requested to stop. Stephanie cited that Triple H had once told him how Biffech said there was no talent in Triple H and there was no charisma. Bisff said he was a young man and he did not know what he knew, but Stevey had many more experiences. Until the Triple HT came in step with its microphone, the two continued behind the back. The game said it would be easy to say "screw you" in one of them. Tripal H. Half of the hand grabbed the hand, but pulled it. He said that he did not know rather than go with Satan. Before going further, Shawn Michaels came out to stop some. HB told that what he wanted to do was creating a problem. She does not want to be involved, but she feels the promise to bring NWo Triple H. HB told that there is no one in the world that Triple H is good friend HBI asked his friend to come together again to imagine that life was a living hell. Triple H said that there was a tempting offer. Then he turned and embraced HBK, making his switch official in office! Left to Triple H and HB, and Bischoff gloated on his victory. Bishf said, the difference between them is that he has got the laboratory and he does not do it. Stephanie went to the side of the head and pierce the buzz! <br /> <br /> Match 7: Tag Team Championship match Christian and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and Edge This match began with the loud "USA" song and the Hogan Christian through the rope and out of the ring. Taking over from the Canadians. But Edge hugane to get the tag kicked in the head of the head and faced Storm. Hogan started up to the stance and soon caught the Christian with a big boot and a leg drop! The storm broke down and Christian Hagan pulled from the ring, where he defeated Storm Icon. Edge soon dropped the tag and both opponents. He had a spear in the trunk of both the corners, but missed a spear on Storm and instead worked hard. Edge was a DDT nail, but the reference was down and could not count. The test suddenly shook Hagan with boots. The storm tried to get the pin, but Edge kicked after two. To get trapped in the Rickie Test, allow Ege's to recover and storm storms. Christians confused references, though, and with the Y2J Tabs Team Championship dash and watch ed! Storm and pinfill to win the title! Won and new tag team champions: Christian and Lance Storm. <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWII Indesaped Championship Triple Hit Match Three most successful WWE's most successful Superstars in The Rock vs. Kurt Angle and The Undertaker stand against each other in a triple threat match with the hanging uncertain championship. Take care of Cocktail and Angkor begging for attention. He got attention in the form of a beat below the structure of two other men. Shortly after, the ticker left the ring and exploded with The Rock Angle. Angle rock gives a superlexion to be cut, but Great One takes place through a DDT which is operated in two ways. As Baker's life came, there was a war outside the ramp and wearing Angle's clothes and repeatedly stopping the rock. The ticker and rock returned in the ring, and threw the ticker The Rock with a sidewalk slam so that it could get two times. Rock rebound, grabbed the throat and chokesmmed him! The rock title given is probably the corner attempt to break the corner. Revenge by latching the cart angle on the lock of the block. The angle moved forward and the People's Peoples Champion of Rock. Shortly after, The Rock settled the angle and hit the Undertaker's elbows. The angle disables the Great One outside the ring and tried to take advantage of the ticker cover, which was out after two calculations. রিং বাইরে, রক একটি কাছাকাছি পানির বোতল থেকে একটি বড় swig গ্রহণ এবং চেম্বার অন্ধ অন্ধকার তারেক মুখের মধ্যে তরল spewed। টেকার দীর্ঘদিন ধরে অক্ষম থাকতেন না এবং রককে জোরদার করতে সক্ষম হন এবং এঙ্গেলের দিকে মনোযোগ দেন। টেকার আঙ্গুলের উপর একটি গিলোটিন লেগ ড্রপ অবতরণ করে, রিং অ্যাপারনে রাখা। রবার্ট কুার্ট এঙ্গেলের একটি পিনের প্রচেষ্টা ভেঙ্গে দেওয়ার জন্য নিজেকে ঠিক করে তুলেছিলেন। একটি DDT সঙ্গে টেক nailed রক এবং একটি chokeslam জন্য তাকে সেট আপ। Angle একটি ইস্পাত চেয়ার সঙ্গে আপ sneaking চেষ্টা, কিন্তু Taker যে tomfoolery উপর ধরা এবং তার হাত থেকে এটি smacked। আসন্ন আগুনে রেফারি ধরা পড়ে এবং স্টিলের চেয়ারের সাথে নোংরা টেকারকে নাকচ করে দেখেননি। রক লেকে প্রেমে পড়ার মতো কোণটি টিকারকে ঢেকে ফেলতে গিয়েছিল, কিন্তু ডেড ম্যান যেভাবে তার কাঁধে উঠেছিল। কোণ রক পিন করার চেষ্টা, কিন্তু তিনি খুব লাথি আউট। রক উঠে দাঁড়ালো এবং তীরচিহ্নের কোণে এঙ্গেল! এঙ্গেল দেখে মনে হল যে সে ট্যাপ করতে চলেছে, কিন্তু টেকার জমায়েত হয়ে রককে লাথি মেরে ফেলেছিল। টেক রক আপ এবং শেষ রাস্তা দিয়ে তাকে বিপর্যস্ত। ডেড ম্যান তাকে জয়ের জন্য আচ্ছাদিত করে, অ্যাঙ্গেল ঘুরে দাঁড়ালো এবং গোড়ালি তালা দিয়ে টিকারকে তুলে নিয়ে গেল! Taker ব্যথা সঙ্গে উদ্দীপ্ত গিয়েছিলাম, কিন্তু পাল্টা পরিচালিত। তিনি শেষ যাত্রায় অ্যাঙ্গেলকে ধরে নিয়েছেন, কিন্তু এঙ্গেলটি ত্রিভুজকে ঠেলে দিয়েছে! দেখে মনে হলো টেকার পাস করতে যাচ্ছিল, কিন্তু দ্য রক এঙ্গেলের হোল্ড ভেঙ্গে ফেলল, নিজের পায়ের গোড়ায় ধরা পড়ল। রক হোল্ড থেকে বেরিয়ে এলেন এবং টেকার চকস্লাম এঙ্গেল দেখেছিলেন। রকি রক বোতাম আঘাত, কিন্তু টেকার নিচে যেতে এবং লাথি আউট প্রত্যাখ্যান। এঙ্গেল টেকারকে অ্যাঙ্গেল স্ল্যামে নিয়ে গেলেন কিন্তু রক বোতামটি দ্য গ্রেট ও পিন করেছিলেন! বিজয়ী এবং নতুন WWE চ্যাম্পিয়ন: দ্য রক <br /> <br /> ~ অবশেষে একটি শালীন পিপিভি! সাম্প্রতিককালে পিপিভি খুব ভাল ছিল না, কিন্তু এটি একটি বিজয়ী ছিল। আমি এই পিপিভি একটি এ <br /> <br /> <br />
