I'm watching the series back as quickly as possible. I'm trying to see everything Star Trek. It's been 3 months and I'm in season 3 of TNG and I've already gone completely through DS9. Star Trek has achieved the greatest television event of all time. <br /> <br /> The first repeat episode of the "Grade Shades" TNG series I saw the show, these clips were fresh in my mind, but I saw how some of them were shot again because the film looked even better. Season 1 always looks really dark and ugly to me - and the actors are stupid, they do not fit their own skin. <br /> <br /> The show has certainly made one of the happiest greatest hits. And this point up to the enterprise is the saddest moment in Riker's life. The information and rocker scene in Holo-deck is a classic moment in new friendships. Another of my favorites when the second officer of the Klingon ship challenged Ricker's authority as the first officer and beat Rising Kapps outside the ringer clench. Then Admiral likes her $ $ but better. This whole episode is a reminder of a hack that is very crazy, great things have already happened in just 2 seasons and there are 5 more movies and some mobile phones! At this moment in the series, they have started to develop real emotions, which will allow Rika to trust Troya as Imamadi. They point to this point until this point, but they have not been able to use it yet. The record shows that the ST wiki - memory alpha claims that Imajadi means "first" and that means that there is a close relationship with rickshaw and it is closely related to a mentality. This episode further proved that there would be romantic interest in each other for a long time. Here is the article: http://memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/Imzadi This point in the series, the production standard is in motion and Star Trek settled within the TNG scientist Fheytheoth which is going to be. Seeing it again as an adult, I now see stars star Star Trek Universe available. They will have to set a new ST show after all the current shows. A DS9 movie has been very beautiful.
