I've read a few reviews of this TV movie that everyone said that the film had dragged for a long time and it was essentially only exciting entertainment. I agree that the film was too long (2h30 was enough ...) but I certainly do not want to make the subject matter sensitive. Jim Jones's extensive electricity travel and mental illness, paranoia and the abatement of drug abuse are not treated in a visual way. The film takes time to see how Jones is in the process of recruiting followers (Brenda Viccorré and Brad Derrief's character stand-out in that case), but also shows a vague shift between Jones's concept of reality. Compromise, leftist and sympathetic preachers, such as being a destructive and cruel dictator, are also mind-boggling. Perhaps this movie does not look enough for Jones's motivation, which can sometimes make the entire chat a bit too much beneficial (besides censorship as well ...) but Power Booth's messaging performance thinks it's all true. I did not know the details of the life of the real Jim Jones, but in Booth sure he plays the monster credible and practical. This movie has many powerful scenes in Jones's interview with Jones' media, the phone's Divine (a retractable James Earl Jones), the philosophy of congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Batty) and Guyana Camp of the course, and of course, with suicide scenes. It is quite spectacular to see and booths are quite dominant in the last minute. Mag Sinclair is looking at someone as a suspicious follower in this scene and so is Veronica Cartwright (as Jones's wife) and Brad Dariff, especially when their time comes to drink killer drinks. The relative calm, transparency, and natural surroundings of the end of this scene are not impossible to remove all the pictures from their mind. An annoying reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. One of the true events of the 20th century is valuable only to keep in mind. Do not let it repeat again. Like, insane, Jim Jones inscription inscription: "Those who do not know the past, they are forced to repeat".
