"Sassach Hunter" was not really bad as bad as I was. <br /> <br /> ** Travel to the jungle, Park Rangers Charles Landon, (Kevin O'Connor) Roger Gordon, (Matt Latimore) Brian Straton (David Zelina) Spencer Combs , (Rick Holland) and his sister Janet, (Stacey Branscomme) assistant Dr. Helen Gilbert, (Emmy Shelton-White) her boss Dr. Find out some famous bone sites in Ethan Edwards, (Gary Sturm) and assistant Louise Keaton (Juliana Dever). They create camps, the team discovers a giant cemetery ground and littering more strange bone area. When group members started to disappear, they started floating in the safety of wood. It has been discovered that there is a saskat behind the murder, and the team has survived to survive. Good news: It was not bad since I think it will be. The film actually begins to take some steam in half of the lethal attack. It is a spectacular series of scenes because the whole group is under attack by animals and Suspense is too high outside the entire game. Forest areas are most suitable in these areas, increase milk intensity, and a man traveling around the wild when they take refuge in them. It also spreads quite liberally through the movie, the use of off-screen pregnancy and the truly unwanted roar. They really add a lot to make this part so wonderful, as well as other times the roots are heard. It's quite effective, and works well. It's pretty nice that the next part of the movie increases speed, it goes well on a high note. One view, especially I must first point out as being a special view of watching. A man is running through the forest from the living, he has gone in search of the raid spots. To raise their hands for help, secondly he goes to announce his presence, he attacks from anywhere and kills him early. It surprised me and actually jumped a little to show me first. <br /> <br /> Bad news: There were about two things to complain about here, and a common complaint. The animals here are rendered by most dangerous CGIs, which make him feel completely ridiculous and destroy any credibility. The windy shots were shot by the opening of the film when the animal appeared on the screen. It is very embarrassing that it was not done in some shameful work. I have made so many complaints about this, and something that should be really removed, because it is not realistic and it is quite fake. Another big off-screen kill here. Often a person caught in the picture and then yanked away, and then after the bloody body. It is quite annoying when the murder is quite good and juicy later. Otherwise, most of the problem to me is not a problem, because the criticisms of any other about this issue does not bother me, but it is said to be outside of this thing for others. <br /> <br />> Final verdict: I liked it, but it is not yet the best Saskatche movie. It should not be taken seriously, and if that is the way it is enjoyable, enjoyable. Fans of these films will have to give it a look and those who like the features of the saffron animals can find some nice things here too. <br /> <br />: Graphic language, violence and some graphic bodies
