Most successful comic book movies are generally ready for closing the screen, villains larger than life and ready to make you alive through a cheerful or a demented line or two conversation. It was Tim Burton's Batman, as did Sina City (in another great way). With Dick Tracy producer / director / star Warren Batti, place it on villains until it is part of the framework. Like the gangster photo of the 1930s, this time was meant only for children against dark bows and Clyde - Dick Tracy is filled, joyful and bright, with the primary color, where the criminals carry the guns of Tommy and their faces shaped on their faces . Stuigs, shoulders, lipos, bro, mumples, blanks, proofs, spuds Chester Gould names his characters that match their profile and give his hero a jaw that can spin glass. The film is the continuation of the views which are taken very seriously. <br /> <br /> Movies like Batman and Tiny Mutant Ninja Turtles were dark illustrations in the outline of the comic book, Dick Tracy, the more 'old school'. It is a story of police and crooks, or rather a police, detective Tracy, as he is with Big Boy (Al Passino, which makes his biggest performance till today controversially, and in a sense, for his grandiose style), but with no luck. There is also a small child, who is said to be the only child (Charlie Coursmo, can anyhow imagine this little baby more), and Tess's love interest in Tracy. And then the nightclub 'Dame' (Madonna, who probably can not give a great acting performance, may think that this role is a perfect creator, and when he sings very well, he sings), who does not accept Tracey's feelings Do not give it to him. Then move the trash down, and a mysterious masked figure with a face-to-face sculpture. There <br /> <br /> occasionally, with the visual effects and splash of greater explosion, to cover Howard Hawk's film, Dick Tracy pancakes add a work like Vintage-O-Nude Comedy and its syrup on a long stack. Wondering to look at this world, which has been created in such a way that they are fascinated by them, which they have been today, only by the proxies of computers (such as Sin City, which can be compared to Betty's film). We drive through this world in bigger shots and then in whatever way it is in the plot line, or whatever, in older editing montages with camera corners coming out of small panels. Stories, music, details, and a few big patch and gun shots should be told to go to the long way, which is not much, rather than the fact. It's needed. And there is an interesting dialogue from the script (one of my favorites: "my enemy enemy ... my enemy", with reference to any other quote on Plos). <br /> <br /> After watching this for the first time in the movie theater (and remember only small bit), Dick Tracy has a strong imagination in the best degree. It is filled with great joy for the kids, and with some excellent performances, its cousins ​​have a strong feeling for Panache and unsubtle, except for the more intense intentions of comic book movies (ie PG-13 rental), and its return centers for adults. Even Dustin Hoffman ham it up, and he barely say an audible sound!
