Open Credits A brilliant, atmospheric amusement atmosphere that fills the little notes of comic strip. All good guys are good, bad guys are bad, and this movie is jam-packed with jam-packed and familiar characters who make their features brighter. <br /> <br /> Dick Tracy, the final hard guy is straight man, endless, normal calm, always good fighter than other people, and rarely limits the legitimacy. Al Pacino, "Big Boy", steals every scene as a Hunt-backed Gangster in some unknown city of 1930 gangster gangster. Maddoneana plays a man who he probably wants to play best, the breathtaking Mahny, the nightclub singer and his own little agenda, the girls' fathle. Gleanne Headly Tracy's tough talk, fiercely girlfrined independent long-term. And then the kid, a funny little road urchin Tracy, who modeled herself after her own friend's parents and the detective protected the trash while accepting the rise of her pavement. <br /> <br /> Supporting Supporters Who is the character actor? Charles Darning Police Chief Dick van Dike is the district attorney, who is bribed by Big Boy's gangsters to keep him on the street. Dustin Hoffman has a wonderful turn as a mumbalace, whose words are very unknown, can not make the head or tail of what he has to say. And yes. Armstrong is a special loyalty provider for creating criminal networks spread across the rival gangster Big Boy. Mandy Pattinkin 88 Kiss, piano player for breath Paul Sorvino plays Lipas Manlys, the former advisor to Bretheles, until the big boy gives him a "bath". James Kane is the only gangster who can not go along with the Big Girl Grand Plans, but his performance is relatively little to wear. William Forsyth and Ed Ors Big Boy's law enforcement force, flappeg and Etchy. <br /> <br /> This movie holds all the gems on the comic strip, plus it's vibrant colors. Almost all lawsuits broaden into blues and greens and yellows and red. Sunlight is available in this movie - and then some! Used matte painting really understood this world as bi-dimensional, only three dimensional sets played. Lots of humor. Al Pasino fills the shoes of his character, as he has played before or after any other character. Big Boy is kind of crazy, and kind of self-pitying. He is a very small person who is proud to quote our founding father and compare himself with great political leaders. People with plans, always looking for the smartest ways to do business
