I recently saw the soul and enjoyed it a lot, I saw it about 4 times in HBO and buy the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews might think that 'Vanishing Point' was just another carriage chase and 'Thalma and Lewis' were just another chick. Although the film's decisions are dark, I think themes are somewhat related; That independence and individuality is very important and usually someone wants to take away from it. Another common feature of these movies is the caring, thoughtful guardian god, which helps to face the disadvantage of the protagonists. <br /> <br /> Another review here is how the movie related to the theme of attacking civilization on another related home. <br /> <br /> I saw that the animation and the story were amazing, the animators actually got horse to see horses, work normally and to move. . The spirit of the story was very clear like progress (yes I know they will make the horses a bit human, but it is fiction). In a few action scenes you feel caught catching heat from Rapids and a forest fire. In another more quiet view (which is most of the time) you are allowed to taste the backgrounds. The story is one of the great things that really works, can not be talked about, the animals have sung the road. In this way the story will turn away from the power. Instead of the main character, sometimes the story flow is called, more than five are added by excellent soundtracks. Another plus they were not afraid to give some story in the dark (which really makes this movie visible to me). Although it is not present through the whole film, and the conclusion is appropriate until it is inappropriate and hoist. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate horses will really love this movie, but I think it is more than a movie. I do not think it will be a good movie, that is, if the child is brought to the proposed tenant today. But if they are contemplative decorations that can handle interesting stories such as Lord of the Ring and Black Beauty, they probably would love this movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old and still love that stuff.
