One of the most sure gangster films of the 80s, Scarface was a movie of his time. When you see this movie, the first thing shouted to you, 'Made in 1983'. Clothing, music scores and soundtracks, hairstyles, do not make any mistake about it, it's a film about about 80 offenses and when it should not be terribly dated. It's still a fantastic film. Georgio Morodor's song has a fair bit of date, but it still admires the story of Tony Montana, thanks to Oliver Stone's great screenplay and the first-class direction of Brian de Palmer, he is a passino (another is the fantastic carlito wie). De Palmer's trademark is all here; Strong language, graphic violence (furthermore), grandiose set pieces and of course stylish excesses as stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> The passino affects the film and I literally understand the meaning. He is the dominant star of this photo. His performance at the top, one of the films, is that the passino does not say so much to his lines that he shouted them, this time with a great Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and he does it fantastically. Only he could go up to this far and still come away from the film with his acting honesty. Although some may complain about the loudness of its line and its extra limit, it is a very big movie. Look at Tony's home production design, look at the violence in this movie. The chain phenomenon is brutal and blood everywhere. Early in the beginning, Chavezgenegger and Stallone are breathing more than the Rambo films. See the amount of cocaine displayed in the film, so performance of the passino I think is suitable for the film. He is supported by more acting actors like speaking their lines in more acting manner. Steven Bauer, supporter of Tony, stands out as the best friend of Manny. Its performance is so controlled and cool in a De Niro sort of way it is a wonderful how she ended up making video soft porn straight. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds glamor, adds Robert Loggia as a normal and adds a great debut as the sister of Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio Tony. <br /> <br /> Of course it is more than just a film. There is more to it than drugs, violence, chains, and a big shoot. This is a film about the dark side of the American dream. In many ways, it puts the Godfather movies on a thematic parametre. Tony is coming to America himself, he has got it all, lives in American dream and then everyone has lost in fierce fashion, and saying that he's lost, I mean he's missing all. He killed his best friend, his sister was killed, his empire gradually, surrounded him, literally shot around him and on his own palace, the bullets were bursting through him. <br /> <br /> No doubt the scarf was one of the first movies of the 80's. Of course, it's not the mistress of The Godfather movies, but it's still a great movie and one that's going on a long time.
