"A classic is something everyone wants to read but nobody wants to read it. The classic is something that everyone appreciates, but nobody can read." - Mark Twain <br /> <br /> The term 'classic' is used to describe "skeffs", the 1983 film of Brian Daplumer, film about the immensity, surrender, greed and danger in Florida's drug ring. People and critics (and rappers for that matter) have regarded this epic as an epic gangster classic 'or gangster film eptiome. When it's anything but. It is appreciated for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a horror movie that is most deserving of appreciation, but the praise received from the audience is not today, and for that the fine points are missed by the general public. First off, this movie is about Cuban refugees, with the past past to maintain communalism and find happiness. Simple? Yes But De Palma's talent level and the fantastic story written by Oliver Stone (yes I know, actually he actually wrote a good) can play it all. All of the characters are confronted with the film by all of a natural element of escape, looking for a escape. Each character has something to offer, which makes them favorite by everyone who can appreciate this movie. They are involved in a world of mystery and money, but everyone who has value learns as well. Every character thinks that they are making good prospects in life, when in real dramatic scandal, they are actually getting worse. 'Tragedy' will be a good word to describe this movie. Those who appreciate the film for the use of this drug, they hate violence, its dialog, and completely miss the point. There is nothing really positive about the film, as well as the positive expectations of the characters. And this is why the film works so well. Providing devious film messages through movies, not appealing to viewers or attracting viewers. Bryan de Palma does not make films for religious gangsters, or fanatics fans. Later on, the film is an adult drama. This is not a 'gangster film'. Its activity has its share, but the action is very carefully arranged, so it has a point. It's not like "alliance" - it's an example of a big mobile action movie, and most of the viewers see this movie as a big stupid gangster film about narcotics and human shooting. Ridiculous Hogwash If this picture is so, how bad it is. This is not a promotion. <br /> <br /> This is saying, the film is a really great movie. It has great cinematography that pulls you into the story. This is a very dramatic score (true Jurigo Moroda style), which can only cool you down, or bring you tears. The film is rather tall, but it is a story, and every moment is counted. Acting awesome Al Pasino - enough to say. He can play any role that he keeps his mind, and it was not an exception. Beautiful boy Steven Bauer as Manny. I do not think much about him in his other films, but he really liked him when he wanted to go under the direction of Messro de Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real jewel as Elvira. For "Grease 2", she got her tickets to stop embarrassing heels, and if there is no beauty, beauty can be inactive performance which is more than the eye. But these three real diamonds are Mary Elizabeth Mastranty, also as Tony's sister Gina, who laughs or wears, we see her soul and her new life, and it gets destroyed; Paul Schenker Elisandro Sosa, a drug lord, who went deeper into the river and Shan gave him such a portrait; And Mary Columns as Tony and Gini Blast Mother. These three can go as deep as film drilling. <br /> <br /> The critics learned a major theme while watching "Scarf" for the first time. Always go in a movie unsuspecting. All the promotions and conversations in this movie probably do not prepare you for what you see. Only De Palma (what I do) can give you a glimpse of this movie in the brain. So ignore the rap cats, ignore the supporters of unconditional violence, and fix a glass of Bailey's stones and connect yourself with the real scene of a great movie, the real "skefface."
