In 1983, director Brian de Palma got ready to make a film about the rise and fall of an American gangster and what he did - by Oliver Stone's excellent screenplay and some unclear acting performances. The result was 'Scarfus', starring Al Pacino among his most memorable performances. This story began in May 1980, when Castro opened the port at Cubar Mariale, so that Cuban citizens could be associated with their families. In the United States, 125,000 Cubans left to cultivate the deer of freedom, and the most honest, hardworking people are grateful for their opportunities. But not all. There was about 25,000 criminal records flowing in Florida, and there were fewer than Cuban Prisons brokers - the perpetrators were considered beyond release, Castro only wanted to get rid of. And they also saw America as a land of opportunity, even in Al-Cappon, Chicago said fifty years ago. And among the most ambitious was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known as 'Caracortada' to his partners. Scarface <br /> <br /> Now he was released from the yoke of communism under which he grew up, Montana wanted what he felt to come to him, and he wanted it now; And from the moment he deposed in the Florida boat, he had determined it all. Wealth and power - it was Montana's dream, and earned it by doing what he did with his biasedness towards a person living in Miami, named Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez, it seems, was a brother of the Cuban, who had died in the hands of one of the thugs of Castro, a man who had abandoned his effectiveness to Castro, was temporarily withdrawn and is now 'Little Havana' Montana and all the Cubans with the Navy, Where they were waiting for their papers from the government, in their new life their copulation Will affect the strain. And in short, Montana sees that Lopez's brother has been vengeful, and he sets the stage for his entry into America's underwear. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Montana and her friend Manny (Steven Bauer) are released from the holding camp and let them work. On his day, Capan may bootlogging as a way to line his coffees with his meaningless money, but Lopez is equivalent to modern day and it is even more profitable: cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his wing and inspires him to live, but once he has a taste, Montana Lopez is not happy with how he gets his way, and he sets up a course that he wants to take from there: at the top. With cold blooded iron, Montana will decide whether she wants to go there, no cost, no cost. But before it ends, he will understand the value of his dream, and he will pay it; But for a brief moment, he probably knows how it feels to be man. And he will know whether it is valuable. <br /> <br /> Slowly, Passino Montana, with De Palma's perspective, makes a big difference, and she does it nicely. He has thoroughly studied (and he has done) to ensure that he got the right (which he got right), for body language and attitude, he got it all, and it makes Montana believers and makes very real. He brought the role of nuance and style, in a way that few actors (De Niro can be one). This is certainly not a character that is somewhat sympathetic, nor is there something about Montana that you can easily relate to the personal level; But the appearance of the passin screen is so strong that it makes him a completely mad character, although it is difficult to be mentally involved with him. It's quite simply a dynamic, memorable performance. <br /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer gives her strong performance, as well as the role of her to keep her in the path of Starwood. As Elvira, that woman has become an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer delivers the feeling of some phenomena below, subtle and isolated, rather it affects a cold and remote exotic face-to-face. He definitely felt his presence as a passino, because he has covered the screen with a smoke, intelligent and fertile ornament. <br /> <br /> Supporting cast includes Mary Elizabeth Mastranioo (Gina), Mary Kom (mother Montana)), F. Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Sanaer (Sosa) and Harris Eulin (Bernstein) D-Palma's 'Scarfus' has been largely directed by critics as it is a spectacular pioneer of more recent and highly acclaimed 'Traffic,' and 'Blow' as well as 'The Wild Bunch' of Picchpah, which has been quoted by many as American The American gangster is being in Saga. Most violence is indicated instead of graphic, but this film is still a corner of the reality that many may find a bit annoying. But if you are with it, then you will have to learn the end. And like many lessons in life, the most valuable is often the most difficult to take time. But the award is always valuable, and in this way it is with this movie I rate this one 8/10 <br /> <br /> <br />
