Amnitzka Holland's own Holocaust film, Eura Europa, was released as a Giantropa in North America to avoid confusion, this third-movie theater's theater never gets surprised, the shock does not inspire or frustrate, it's a diverse, nostalgic, Movies. Following the end of WWII Leo, American, he did not get what he was doing there. He has come to take part in the fixing of the country from his mind, almost some of Germany's charities were shown. However, the sounds that do not sound, are not so mixed with Nazi sympathizers, or especially for Germany. His uncle, who works on the railway, acts as a Helmman in the sleeping car of Leo, and he enmeshed increasingly in the scope of Germany's horror and spirituality in 1945. <br /> <br /> This progression Leo, quiet but unstable actor has played memorable instead of Jean-Marc Barr, Barbara Sukova, who is acting with flexibility on the surface, but showing a fertile heir on the train driven by the strong actress. He seduces him and then owns train production company which takes him home to meet his family. There were specific trains in the death of the Jews during this war, but now they are running a typewriter during the day and the woman's cousin is one of the best German in Cassellar, who is doing her job. Wood Kare also has this, the terrible actor who threw me in the throes of Van Tier's second film episode, although here he is only visible scene. <br /> <br /> Another constable, Eddie Constantine, who is cool energy, plays an intelligent American intelligence person. He can make sure that Uncle Cassellar was a war criminal, even though he totally bothered Leo. The Americans have been labeled as gully rubes for their ingredients for decades, but they were more lazy than Leo, who gradually returned to work as their own customized death train. <br /> <br /> The story is deliberately called by the Danish director of the film Lars von Trier, whose anchor is a sensational editing of film and film screenplay. He shoots black and white and in color, he uses bi-exposure, optical impression and technique photography, actors interacting with the rear-projected footage, he keeps his characters inside a rich covered lavatory world so that they sometimes feel like insects. Glass for a more accurate survey. <br /> <br /> This grand jury award is the metaphor of the winner's work, but it is likely to be different for every audience. I explained it as a movie about the last foot of Najmin, this is the symbol of the train, the moral responsibility of the Americans and others, who delayed the rescue of the martyrs of this train and distributed the condemned soldiers to the camp. The timing of the film frames and the significance of this time of train and time of the Nagy Kingdom, but like decapitated chickens, they are shocked by their reactions. <br /> <br /> Characters, music, dialogue, and plot deliberately hammy and almost kitty films were procured from the Convention of Noir. Most of the film's entrance paths are completely painters. Two behind the train, once again and another one Sukawa. A water drop shot in the blood. What would be like a sinking is an unusual publisher sequence. And most influential trains all tracked as a neutral shot, as dominant, as the voice of Mac von Sydow hated Europe back with us and abandoned our personal restraint.
