Again greetings from darkness. Remember all "What happened to Woody Ellen?" Jokes? Even Mr Allen joked with fans, who wanted to continue their same "funny" movies. As a great artist, Mr. Allen's artisans have developed for years and he lost some fans while others were liked. In the days of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan" last year's best composition "Matchpoint" showed that he is still relevant and mad as every bit. The most attractive 40-year-old fan of us, Mr. New York, thinks there is a crash in the motherland. Obviously he likes England !! While filming "Matchpoint", Mr. Allen Scarlett became drunk with the feeling of johansen and his real life soul and humor. This attraction inspires him to write his best comedy. During the risk of Scarlet, Overpopus, he must give credits to choose movies that are in some glamorous light. He looks and works like a real person is incredible. In "Scoop", he sparked comedy chops on some real screens and, in many scenes, Mr. Allen delivered the actual Panchalmal to the straight man. Of course, Mr. Allen has decided to set himself up in front of the camera, he will get more than his share of a lanor and social commentator - that's OK, because some are good. <br /> <br / Ian McShen and Hugh Jackman have very nice support work. In fact, it seems to be the best choice for him to replace Mr. Jackman Brosnan as a new bond, as we have seen some surprises. Like most of Alan's movies, the star is not the script, not the actors. Although Scarlett delivers nicely here and it's a beautiful contrast to Polish Allen and Jackman, how does it make a cracky conversation ... Especially in the allan and scarlet barbarity If you are not the actress van, do not be afraid. He limits his screen time and he is quite effective, except for two or three short scenes which seem to be almost everywhere. Another Wooden heritage is not only a striking musical background and "scoop" exception ... especially Strauss composition. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" "Annie Hall" and Marcus Brothers' best cross film or Kerry Grant Comedy. Yeah it's an adult comedy, but it's actually very cute ... especially a serial killer and talking Scratch Comedy !!
