Evelyn WA novel, and Woody Allen's new film, set in late late 30s, is known as "scoop", it is a nostalgic commonplace and simplicity. Allen's breakthrough effort is not the final friction depth of "match points" (many argue, firmly returning the form with this reviewer), suspicious or frustrating final frisson, but the "scoop" is closely related to the similarity of Allen's English elite, the last flat in London's flat flat , Murder, and detection. At this time Woody threw behind the mystery of the murder of firearms and came back to the comedy, and brought himself back to the screen, a drug addict, Sid Watersman drug, Stage Moniker The Great Splendi, who countered with some snobs' probing, I used to be Hebrew inspiration , But as I was older, I converted narcissism. "After a publication published by the Splendiar Standard DeMatrealizing Act, the pair of viewer volunteer Scarlett Johansson (like Sandra Pansky) tried to collect the last top post of a dead top English journalist, on the verge of Storm Joe Stromel (Ian McKenzie), the only Lord Lyman Son secretary Met with the person who said that he was toxic, and he told him that the elite elite radio boy Peter Laman (Hugh Jackman) was a blood serial murderer, a London serial killer. Sondra and Sid immediately became a pair of amateur sleuths. With the wonderful beauty of the moon, they quickly swirl through the cream of the London elite. <br /> <br /> <br /> <b such as in the past .. In addition to this time Scarlett will not be an ambitious sexpot and star of the movie.He surprises morphed into a klutzy, bespectacled but still praised coed. Sid and Sondra have no flirtation , Which is a great relief. They only manage together with Limon's friendship and try to manage Stommel's wishes and to show him to get involved in crime, less or less gather together. With only minimal protests, Sid agreed to be the father of the moon. Sandra, who pretended to be drowning in his club pool, shocked Peter, reconsidered himself as a Z Spence. Mr. Spence, that is, the Woody Card tricks the covers with a broken cover, but he impresses the dodgers with them and shocks their husbands in poker, immediately tear off one-fishing devices and, above all, that they get oil and precious metals, right Like saying "Z" to tell him. <br /> <br /> All of it can be said, or by spoiling the story by revealing its results. Firstly, Allen's decision to make Johnson a Gauss, Plinypointe, and poorly dressed college girl is not only innocent but often bad decisions. But Johanan, who has kept insects and pan ache as an actress, miraculously helped Jackman, an actor who knows how to act in the actress if he wants to. The film actually creates a sense of relation, it can create a limited range of characters: Seed and Sandra are sporadic in a friendly way, and Peter and Sandra have artificial and painted it though it has a credible attraction (they all have a bed with a suspect homicidal maniac). <br /> <br /> Allen is drooling over English resources and class again, what is a little abolished, despite all his celebrity in Brooklyn's background, for an overwhelming hankering. Jackman is an impressive fellow, glamorous and dashing. Her parents were English. But in Australia can this athletic musical comedy star be raised ("X-Manor" Oliverin) really passed as an elite? Only in movies, probably (here and "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> This is not a strong movie as "the point of the match", but it's quite a mistake to say disappointment as some visitors. It does not have more depth than a half-hour radio drama or a TV show, but Woody Jokes is such an interesting affair and it is much more original than a media issue, and sometimes they look back to old intelligence and cleverness. It does not matter if a movie is silly or slapdash when it is isolated in a summer entertainment. On a hot day you do not want a heavy food. Movie comedyies really had light escapist entertainment, without the effect of strange humorous or bombarded, the whole thing evokes a time of delicious; Without Vince Von or Oven Wilson. Critics are eager to tell you that the return of Allen is back before the "match point". Do not believe them. She does not try very hard. Why should he? He might be 70, but verbally, he still lighter on his feet. And his body is very fast.
