I was lucky enough to get free passes for 'Screw' advance screening last night. There was a spontaneous worship at the end of the movie and the movie ended. I did not talk to anyone who hated scoop, although the two girls sitting beside me were uncomfortable for most of the movie. They were exceptions, because all the rest along with me really enjoyed themselves. <br /> <br /> 'Scup' is a fast-paced killer mystery. A youth student journalism submits to unwittingly attempting to catch a serial killer chained by forces outside her control. Most of the Hughes love a charming and charming young man as soon as he becomes a partner with a travel confusion. <br /> <br /> 'Scup' is not a bad addition to Woody Allen. This is not his best work, but it is a very enjoyable and light hearty romp. I would say it fits comfortably from the mid-average average Woody Allen film. If you're a Woody Allen fan you'll probably enjoy yourself. If you are indifferent to his work, 'scoop' may be enough to be more interested in seeing. I do not think anyone who dislike movies and the style of acting, they are going to change their minds. Woody manages the same type of neurotic character that we have been accustomed to, although it is compulsory and limited to the movie. Perhaps growing for some people, who can rush to wish for themselves and spit just the words, Woody Allen can know what the fans can expect. <br /> <br /> I have found myself very good about my own opinion although missing Ian McShane is nice on camera and not enough. Hugh Jackman is as impressive as the nobleman and I think Woody Allen found a new regular star for working with Scarlett Johansson. I think it is their second pair with 'match point' and magic with which they only give magic. May start a beautiful relationship! I saw the movie and definitely recommend it. A more sophisticated comedy than movies like 'Storie Movie 4', so if your comedy brand is in place of the previous one then 'scoop' is probably not for you. On the other hand, if you prefer class, sociability and fun, then 'scoop' is for you. Probably I do not want to introduce a Woody Allen movie to a young person, but everyone else will have to try it.
