I did not really see the show when I was young but the first episode I have ever seen is the episode where Kimie Gibal's Stefani broke the ear. When I started high school in 2000. There were all problems outside of my high school and I could not have entered it either. But I would always look to live by the bell, but that show reminds me of problems facing school, and it rarely showed the parents of the kids. It's okay to save by bell, but do not have a good family show. Just a few days after I graduated in high school in 2004. I turned the TV channel into a family channel and day after day I got an addiction to the whole house. I could even push the info button and see the year coming out and I remembered what I was doing during that time. This episode was about to come and it was the title of "birthday blues" and this is the most favorite episode of this day, it is sad to be a sad end, and you see Kimmy Gibbler acting in another way, she actually shows her serious side. I'm on season 1,2,3,4,5, and 6 DVDs and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I have somehow they can have some comments from a documentary and cast members. Some people do not hate this show because you do not see trash and violence in this show. And those who hate this show, I did not have any love because you could have grown up in a helpless family because you prayed for. But in my opinion the whole house is a family living in heaven where everyone is happy and always will always be good. And the characters are so awesome Danny Tannar reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is of good nature and is always a good mood. When I was young I was like Jesse and he became so dark with the hair as the first actor on TV. Somehow you can actually say DJ is a California girl. I really like Episode with Gibbler Kimi because when he sees me, my smile smiles and makes my day shine. And Stefani is so cool Also I have a hard time telling the Olsen duet separate. I would like to see my kids one day. But the whole house is my # 1 favorite show and Sabrina teen witch is my # 2 favorite. One day, just before I died, I really want to meet all the cast of the house. The first 3 seasons are kinda annoying but they start to start well in the 4th season. I could only make 9th season. In 1995, they began to shut down the whole room and after the fall of 1996, Sabrina's teenage magician came out (which is the same family show), but the whole house is very loving show and they have good times and bad times and yes, I understand, if you have a wild trashy The type person is going to hate your show but this is a show for happiness and it's moral show. Also I would like to say that the first 3 seasons are good goals show but DJ and Stephanie are thirteen near the fourth and fifth sessions. I did not see the whole family but saw many shows, they never talked about the problems of world and politics, such as the entire house was air in the air during the 1991 Alabama City bombing. In 1995, they did not mention anything about it. Also Steve was my favorite DJ's boyfriend, with pirate and nelson was not very interesting. But Season 5 and 6 I think the best. I just want to make the 9th season, because it kept a big question mark on my head, because at the end of the last episode, DJ became amazing, and with his ex-boyfriend Steve, he went on his way, I am always surprised that they return together To get it. And how I liked the final season, DJ always wasted and Stephanie always wanted to do something brave, such as the episode "Staphany's Wild Journey"
