If you see this show for the first time, then start thinking if you have an alternative. Colorful and imaginative characters? Recreational dialogue? Plots that seem to be in depth, even occasionally create suspense and drama atmosphere? I mean, is it a syndicated children's show right? This same place has been inserted as a description of "Pokemon", "Paper N", "Metiri Morphine Power Rangers" and "Vr Whippers" (Please note that the three titles of the above mentioned titles include Japanese exports, courtesy of Fox Network and Soap Entertainment). . Do not worry, you're just sampling a few quality samples that were available for kids in the late 1980's and early 1990's. Some examples of this time are "Transformer", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "Cops" (no cartoon will be confused with Fox's live action show). Alongside these major examples, Disney returned to syndicated programs for kids, bringing a lineup named "Disney Afternoon". In addition to a procession show known as "The Gummy Bears", "Early Shots like" "Dirque Duck", "Doc Tales" and "Chip" N Dales Rescue Rangers "also believed Disney Animation teams, which included Theater Classics" The Little Mermaid "," Beauty and Beast "," The Rescuers Down Under ", and" The Great Mouse Detective ". But above all these surprises "TaleSpin" shines The premiere of "Lunder and Lightning" was a two-hour thrilling journey and one Emmy won. Many of my joy, the rest of the episode was equal to the promise of the premiere. <br /> <br /> I enjoy plots and dialogues, but for me, I guess the greatest attraction character. Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still impossible; Kit Kleidkicker, Pre-Teenager Exciting and Optimistic; Louie, with his loyalty and support; The most entertaining engineer from Frank Yilkat, the real "Star Trek" from Scotiabank; Molly Cunningham is tricky and malicious, but with some depth that does not have the character of most children and of course there is sand in it, which I would describe as a slab version of James Bond. As soon as there is a problem, Balu saves the day with the help of his partner-maximum, most sea-duck (read: James Bond's Aston Martin). Of course every great show has great villains, and TaleSpin is not disappointed here. Businesstiger, from Shere Kahn's megalomania, failed in vain and always wind runner Don Karts, colorful and inactive Soviet-satirized Thembians. Animation is good, music is appropriate, and episodes (for me) are the best programming programs that have ever been provided. An unbelievable joy for all the family!
