This film gives a statement about Joseph Smith, which he stood for and believes in the LDS Church. The current media coverage of a specific harmful person is confused with the LDS church with the FLDS church and criminal harmonious Warren Jeff. Although Jeff's is not affiliated with the LDS Church, media groups have requested internationally comment on Jeff from LDS Church. Jeffs is not mentioned in the movie, but I think it is strong that this film also points to all of the points about Joseph at this time, among some of the Flavianis church and their leader among media leaders. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and that's a great one. The most obvious difference between Jeff and Joseph is that Joseph is portrayed in humanity, recognition and love. Jeff's comments and opinions are very different from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and it is seen in this movie. Jeffs think of "Negro" as the devil. Joseph Smith knew that he was God's son and had left an African-American (former slave) the beloved horse of his wife to buy the freedom of his son. Joseph showed housework for his wife, Emma, ​​and Yusuf told him that a man could lose his wife in the next life if she could not live with her husband and work to benefit and benefit from them. Your wife Jeffs brought his multifaceted wife to the knees in front of the full class of his knees and came down on his knees and pounded hard. Eventually, Joseph joined the law enforcement and always wanted help from the government. Jeffs gave his nose to the government and always ran away. <br /> <br /> I like this movie and if you do not know much about the faith of Joseph Smith and the LDS Church but the movie to see it. And if you confuse the LDS Church with the FLDS Church you must get your work together. We believe that Jesus Christ is not different from many who believe in marriage and the holiness of the family, as well as the patriotism of our country and country. We all find different protesters, presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What's important is our message and what we stand for. He tried to portray the film, but Yusuf's life could not be covered in just two hours. It was a really great show.
