New York, 1953. One hot night, four famous iconic images will come together. Professor (Albert Einstein) came in New York to give a speech, which is behind his senator (Joseph McCarthy). Later that night she received a wonderful visitor; A famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Those who really want to discuss relativity theory. Soon his ball players' husband (Joe DiMaggio) hotel room up, begging for things to do for their crumbling relationships. Childhood flashbacks, important events, guess work outcomes of their actions, how these people deal with frustration and shows the secret to break. <br /> <br /> Now it's the same! A stage-play has been adopted by Terry Johnson (who also scripts the scrapple script for film), a strange, playful, seductive, and mere fantasy fantasy pop-culture hostage in the hand of "imperfection" director Nicholas Disease. This stimulating and cerebral experimental effort can basically be largely on its stage-play source, because it feels like a theater and most of the action takes place in a hotel backdrop and a major suite. The look of fork only improved the great effect of the moody and smoke atmosphere in New York. However, these constraints may not bear fruitful and bold ideas, which are apparently visually blazing and guided by meaningful elements. The reflectors of the characters (who are famous figures without their need of naming), their philosophical philosophies and explanations stimulate spiritually, memorize their memories in the present memory and outlook. Perceptions are based on what you are seeing, beautiful, or are used in hunting. With the main focus of the current situation, growing innovative (if sometimes weird) scripts have lots of food for ideas and hints, but flashbacks give us a personal makeup (sex, energy, knowledge and glory). That might be a burden among people who already have and already needs in life. Certainly the story can not be anything to the end and it can feel disturbed, but the dreamy, impressive and intelligent system brings out those folds and ensures that it never gets disturbed. Sensely fluid photography by Peter Hannan and Stanley Myers' headless non-blues soundtrack is consistent with the stylishly subdued rug and stylized style. He thinks he is working on something big and big, but otherwise it is not like that and a small little universe is created. Time vintage clothing and positions are closed enough. For me, this film was a proud actor from the four main stars. Theresa Russell's Perdue, Sexy Pin-Up Actress Dropped Dead Fantastic Appeal is a growing screenplay that explicitly holds the film with Emily's proficiency as a genuinely exceptional and respectful act. Tony Curtis runs it wonderfully, such as Die-Hunting Senator and Gary Bushy Ballplayer's Stupy Jackfruit. Minor appearances, but fun support roles can be Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> A memorable, fresh and meditative piece of Tour de force merged by four different finalists. Someone may find it very curious and very conversational, but to think too much about its losses, it was bound in my own little world.
