As part of the Matinee Triple Bill on Saturday afternoon, I originally saw this film as a boy in the old Rael Theater, among which Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Mario Bava's "Nightmare Castle" I had nightmares for a week of bloodshed! Although I did not know it, three movies would prove to be classic. I was so scared that I was so scared! Although these three films scared me, it was the Blood Castle which was the most profound influence. <br /> <br /> This is the first bill. We did not see it since the beginning because we had delayed the movie and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. It can miss a lot after the edited print is running about 79 minutes (driven by 87 million runs). But in spite of this, dark strange atmosphere (complete with fierce sickle, fog graveyard, shade and cobbes), Gothic set design, strong acting and suspense (especially last 20 minutes) scared me from Bezpeers and made a lasting impression. It took me many years to get a copy of the movie. As it was a French-Italian import, it was a movie that was not seen in the late show at Winnipeg. I could not remember the title (I think that I did not see the beginning of the film and was intelligent), and making it worse, the film was literally released under the titles of dozens of different movies (Unnao McJay, Terror Catherine, Terror Terror, Terrorism Long Night etc ...) and the title of "Castle of Blood" in the United States / UK is very generic Law, it was similar to other "B" horror and dozens of suspense movies. Enamored But thanks to the internet and diligence, I finally found it! Finally, after all these years, the film is completely treated! It did not have much emotional effect as my son, but since the spooky house cinema continues, it stands well and over time, "The Hunting", "Innocents" or "Black Sunday," is a subtle initial effort of Italian director Antonio Margaritie It's made up of 60's screaming Queen Icon Barbara Steel and has a doubtful write of Sergio Campbuku. There is a well written screenplay about Giorgos Rivière, who spends night at a catastrophic house inside a cat and becomes part of an annual ongoing ghost story, as well as being interested in the ghost of Hypotonic Steel - as Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmen and Margaret R. <br /> <br /> A lot of tactics, Margarita, the stupid wind of this movie (Cobwebs, cracking doors, fog, etc.) seems to be close to modern audiences, but they work more effectively in black and white than modern day colors. Instead of using body count and special effects, the film is used in the old fashion Fear, it's a good story, stylish direction, fine set production, interesting camera work and strong performers ় depending on performance. Margarine accepts these elements and makes a great job by creating confidentiality of the movie, because the awkward hidden secret information in the house reveals to the unknown author. <br /> <br /> The film is not faulty. At the beginning of the movie at the beginning of the motion (surprisingly, I miss out on 20 minutes). It's probably worse for recovery in the original version of cinema film. Although fans may probably appreciate the opportunity to recover the film - in the context of the role - it could be a barrier to a help. English voice dubs In only passable and retrieved scenes, the language changes from English to French (English subtitles are provided) which may be annoying to some viewers. <br /> <br /> However, SyncPass movies are worth the price for printing worthy of Kodos. Clearly, some efforts were restored and well-established. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed this movie and recommend it to the followers of 60 Italian Goth Films, or anyone who enjoys good ghost stories. <br /> <br /> Rob Rubybottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
