If you're fond of Gothic dawn, surely you guarantee the love of this wonderful Italian 60's "Castle of Blood". We're really talking about the door of the Crypie's Creeking, the floating scenes continue, the candle dies spontaneously, though there is no air and smoke coming from the bottom of the heavy wooden chamber doors. Speaking about the atmosphere and style, this wonderful part of creating Gothic films is there. Only a small league below landmarks such as "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "Chris of the Crunch Women" The leading directors of Sergio Kerchi ("The Great Silence", "Zanjo") and Antonio Margarithi ("Coniil Apocalypton", "Killer Fish") are both successful in all areas, including a powerful plot (actually nightmare provocation). The spectacular scenery and the location of filming, stylish black and white photography, spinal-music and talented actors are a bright assembly. Barbara Steele, the "Black Sunday" mentioned and the Italian Goth-messenger number Starlet, is rekindled again as a spiritually afflicted character and is surrounded by literally excellent co-players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even writer Edgar Allan Poe shows the picture of rough authentication. In this story, he and a rich young journalist are included among other rich audiences in a rural area challenging to take serious competition. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? Surviving for a night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, he got a 10-dollar surprise award and a newspaper interview with Poe. Not saying that illogical sounds are far more dangerous than anyone, even some like Alan Foster, who believe in ghosts and vampires. The night is great for her, because she also meets the beautiful woman of her dreams, but gradually she learns that Blackwood Castle is a brutal place where previously the ghosts of deceased spectators are trapped for eternity. I do not know about you, but it's important to be one of my favorite horror movie premises. The co-director, Antonio Margarita, was clearly proud of the film because he rebuilt himself as "Spider's Web" a few years later. This film was a few trumps, for example, less casting than Claus Kinsky in the role of Adonna Allan Poe, but in general it is generally great. "Blood Castle" literally sits in the atmosphere with a lot of atmosphere and maintains a completely unreasonable environment in the world. This is one of the rare rare movies that can back up your arms and necks if you see it in the right situation. Look late at night, especially in the room discussed alone and in a candle, and you'll get an idea about the true definition of horror.
