Italy has made a lot of big and original horror movies in the 1960s - and it must be one of them! The first thing about Dance MacBook is that you'll see the movie style. Beautiful black and white shots, and due to the light of director Antonio Margheriti; It seems like a German publisher could be horror film almost film. This, combined with the horribly filled plot line, ensures that Dance Macbre is a movie that holds the essence of true horror. Of course, this beautiful Barbara Steele is featured in this film, it does not really hurt things - and there is good news in the film that she has made her famous acting muscles more popular than her. This plot is very aware of the time of release, and so is the great Adgård Alan Pok. We follow Alan Foster, who is a writer who himself and Lord Blackwood receive a Bizip that he can not spend the whole night in the next dangerous old castle. Those who spent the night before, all died ... and our hero is going to meet the pilgrims before! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror films can not pay much attention to each shot, and as a result there is not much beauty left in this genre. It is refreshed, so to see this image. Many shots here are incredibly beautiful - my personal favorite wearing only a visible skirt from the female side of the couple - smoke a smoke from the bottom of the house. This is my first ever Antonio Margarita film, and even after watching it; It is clear that he is one of the premier directors of Italy. Also interesting is that the screenplay was co-written including one of the Italian magnificent; Django maker Sergio Corbucci. Plots can sometimes get too much dirt, but there is enough atmosphere to ensure that the film is never boring - and it's always bizarre, even when the plot decreases, the same thing is sure. The 'Hunted House' theme used by Dan Macbay is well-done and original, and helps keep the story as close as possible. Overall, fans of Italian and / or civilized movies do not want to miss this little gem!
