Antonio Margarithi's "Danza Macbra". A beautiful and incredibly hunting masterpiece of the 1964 "Castle of Blood" Italian Gothic Horror and the "La Masche del Demonio" (Ur "Black Sunday") of the 1960's Mario Bava and the "Pete and the Pendulam" of Roger Cromman of 1961. (Acting as a Vincent Price) Another must see that the Barbara style has achieved more than qualifying as the most important female horror icon in its photo-motion history. But only the beautiful and bright Barbera Steel is not one of my favorite actors of all time, "Donza Macbra", the script of "Donza Macbra", is written by Cinéfo Generalus Sergio Curbucci, who wrote "Spirits" Western Milestones "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968). The greatest master of all time in the field of Italy (after Mario Bava), director Antonio Margarithi Gothic Horaar, and "Cass of Blood" is doubtless his greatest achievement. Rarely the other film works brilliantly in hunting, yet beautiful atmosphere, because it is a great masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Adger Allen Bo, a young journalist, Alan Foster (Georges Revar), in a disturbed London sculpture, took a bargain from a noble man, when he was confronted with the famous author of the stories of the bright Macau, Can not you cry during the night crying trembling at night. As soon as Foster enters the eerie castle, mysterious things begin to happen. After a while, he encountered a fantastic beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steel) in the castle, a fun resident. But the mysterious incidents are so far, only the terrible predictions of the fortress are, but the painter and Reese Adolanian have a wonderful score an incredible score. Hunting creates atmosphere which is comparatively extravagant. As wonderful Barbara Styles is always fantastic, I simply can not find enough words to appreciate this wonderful actress. Like actress Steven, this actress has never been able to unite the strange beauty, and no actress will ever do it. Alongside the steel, there is another stunning beauty of the movie Cast, Margaret Robsham, and she delivered a great performance. George Aveiro's performance as Alan Foster is fantastic, and the performance is also very good. "Blossom of Cass" is outstanding in many sections: Barbara Steel offers one of its best performances, cinematography and locations neatly hunting, the atmosphere is incredibly perfect ... The film is simply a perfect environment, Gothic beauty and art of terrorism. Briefly: "Castle of Blood" is one of the most atmospheric and greatest Gothic horror movies ever produced, and none of the ones interested in the style will miss! 10/10
