In 1934, Somerset Mostam's novel depicts Bate Davis on the map as a movie actress adapted. He won the academy award for his performance but the films were made on debt, so his studio did not push for him. His performance is not well off by today's standards. An heartwarming waitress who risks Philip, is almost sensitive and often destroys his life, Davis is very scary, almost giant Directed by John Cromwell, who usually earned a better performance from actresses, probably was such a disappoint. Davis is sureful, watchable, but very scary and predatory as it seems to people rarely. I'm probably imagined with the character of Mili Character, less feminine than Davis, fantastic. Davis was so strong, he was immediately present that he had no air for the mystery, which considers Philipp's attraction more than that of Moscow. <br /> <br /> Leslie Howard, like Phillippe, is excellent. Its pretentious, slightly wilted looks good for these fail esthete. Whether or not Dark Bogards has worked, he did not give a personal explanation, which gave his work a rare transparency. He is completely under control, as he should be, confiscating a man with a reasonable intellect who can not achieve unreasonable emotional determination, may not be completely satisfied, because in his context, he does not understand the object that he can not understand. Howard was a fine actor, who often cast in romantic portions, which forced him to return to church, which he did not use here. <br /> <br /> I have been reading the book since many days. Do not make comfortable comments on the film's fidelity. I think it holds the soul of the story quite well and at Howard it is a perfect Philipp Keri. Sexual repression is muted, and sometimes Phillip behaves so much in the brain that surprises the character's affection in the absence of strong sexual feelings, of course Mr. Mahmou is not interested. Thanks to Howard's performance, Phillip is firmly focused, as he can see one of his reactions and encouragement, which will make sense of reasonableness inherent in his own and others. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very good movie, sometimes a little, because of its age, it nicely speaks to London, and plays well in most cases.
