The story was somewhat narrow, the fate of the original character was suddenly cut off, but the screenplay of Leslie Howard and Philipp Carey of Bate Davis, the gentle lover of love and Milledrade Rogers, the incompetent love of her, highlights the film on the honorable melodram. <br /> <br /> Sensitive, cultured Philip, who was most likely captured in the first cruelty of his cruelty for the photo, and then did not have to play for some time after the suffering of Howard for Miledred - Ashley Wilkes, a lady of a very decent woman, and in the rough reconstruction era Decent to do Did Philip actually resign in despair before entering the film? His art teacher told him that he would never make it as a painter. This is probably the capability, the expected expectations that they keep with the selfish cousin waitress. Although Leslie Howard is memorable, today's "human bonding" is mainly thought of as a picture of Bate Davies, perhaps due to the famous story, how he had to fight for Miledred with Jack Warner, and probably because the film's audience was intensely Likes letters with energy. Milledrade may be a brittle word, but it's a mirrored glass angel's miraculous beauty, which can explain why Philip could sigh with him. Although people who eat mildred may sometimes seem to be one-dimensional, but at the time of getting sick, he expresses sympathy to the audience and realizes that Philip is the only decent person who takes care of him. He may think of doing something about Philip, because he is not "fined" for surveillance. (The scene that Phillip and Norah seem to be sure to dismiss the romance magazine as a trash for kitchens maids). <br /> <br /> Most supplemental characters are also effective, especially Nora, who loves Philip, but the ghostly romance writer knows. He can not compete with Melredrade and Sally, who has achieved the beauty of Melredrade and the reputation of Norse and the deserving woman has appeared like Philippe. The only character I found was that of Sally's wonderful, heavenly parents, which seems to be the character of the previous era. <br /> <br /> This is a classic that makes it worthy of fame.
