There is an example found in Bate Davis's web sites where the author claims that there is nothing special about his performance. I have also found a site that claims that Bate Davis's success was probably his fate. But in 1934, MV Davis films reverted. The most obvious example is the two films he has done in just a few weeks: Fog and Fog on Human Bondage. In these movies, he is the character of acting, although both negative, quite different. The former Arlene is a beautiful, fascinating, and flexible heir, and later a much more liked character than Milldale, a pale, illiterate and stupid cousin waitress. Ms Davis does not need to say that both characters play very authentic and with the same enthusiasm. But do not even do that at all. The point is that it was forced to play the first role, which was sought by most actresses of the day. The following actresses believed that most actors as uncertain, carrier's destructive role, had fought fiercely for months. And the next role played him among the greatest stars. So there is no question that Davis was starting to work. <br /> <br /> The movie is dissatisfied with the coincidence waitress Milledrade Rogers about Philipp Carey (Leslie Howard). (Bate Davis), a few weeks' points, but much stronger. The story is very big in just 83 minutes. For example, it was completely unclear why refreshed students found no interest in a cruel waitress in the first place. Well, a scene that we made M. Davis look impressive, but his passion is already fully developed. However, the honesty of the story is very strong by Howard and Davies's superior acting and superb Stevener music, which we call a lot of emotion despite not being able to see the face of the characters. In fact the film is paired by Philippe's walking sequence, which shows him from backing the supplement with shaddering two tone repetitions. Every detail is well thought out - Max Schneider wrote a beautiful bitmap for every woman in Phillip's life, which is consistently used through the film. And in front of the calendar, we can see Sally's face as a beautiful scene which I have ever seen because of the fascinating beauty of Francis Diana. (Mrs. D., seemed to be very nice to play the lead in the way) with an air) as well as the captivating music of Stéinner. In some scenes, the camera movement is also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strong objectionable incident is presented in two-dimensional, which inspires the viewer that the meridial is a severe crack. The most hateful character should be men to push the man towards his relationship, knowing well that they leave him after using him, but they are, oddly, portrayed as the desired letter. Finally, Milldale's always - his own, but still honestly - lets Philip know that he hates him and he has no interest. Which he just refused to listen to. It is associated with Phillips' mesodicistic nature, its feet and child-related experiences, which is the root cause of his love affair. He became slave of his club like Mildred, and perhaps both have to be free to start a normal life. Of course, selfish and innocent Mildred, after discovering the bondage of his volunteer Philip, did his own share of his life to hell. Even after pursuing slavery, he exploded, it is unclear why he would burn Philip's money, (Mustem for a different purpose in his novel) <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The film is a little old for modern standards, but the next time you see it, you can publish new interesting details. Acting, captivating music and original editing, so it deserves maximum possible marks.
