I like Leslie Howard, in his good movie. Yet, for some reason, his performance in the human chain has never moved me too badly. I first saw the film in my college campus in 1972, and the college's newspaper commentator commented that Howard played the role in the 1930s and 1940s, which was later described as a person born to betray by Dirk Bogard. It's not usually (Ashley Wilcox seems to think that she can be betrayed, if she and Scarlett want to be an item by Margaret Mitchell, Ashley likes Marlon, not Scarlett). What kind of play Howard can play, and the role of J. Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgs is not with betrayal. * (<br /> <br /> (Philip Armstrong Scott can be betrayed by two strangers, 49th shows hospitality in Parallel, but they are Nazis who consider him - a liberal, Western, Canadian - doubles performance during the war. Not like betrayal, and Howard does not root him, but face the Nazis and hold one after killing him I think critics meant that Howard could be spiritual - or try to be spiritual. His poet witness - visionary - convicted forward. But the character that has not been betrayed except for history (perhaps he thinks his type is old as gangster managed by Hamffrey Bougert). Phillip Carey's character is also animated in the human chain of Somerset Mosquito He is sensitive for various reasons. He is interested in art and tries to become a painter - but artist Strongland Muun and he has no real talent in six decades. So he accentuated by the status of a club foot, decided to focus on medical research. Here he is a man with low self-surrender who set up for betrayal. Phillip has found that Mildred is a Coney waitress (Bate Davis) who comes as a hired and selfish. Why does Philip fall for him, is not really mentioned in the film, but he considers women to be attractive. And she found him a simple food ticket. Wickedly so harsh by the whisper, Philip fails to target the other two women (K Johnson and Frances D) who are interested in them and are more suited to his partner. He also pardoned Davis when he worked with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - later a friend of Howard). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance holds Philadelph's Dormat tendency to Milldale, he does not really feel passion (until he's late in the film, he returns to him). That's why I never care for his performance here - there is no reality in it. On the next day he did not like the Vivian leg nor Olivia de Havilland, loudly aloud loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly davis Performance makes the film important. Until 1934, there were a number of parts, such as deaf Pianist's girlfriend, who played an insulting heir to kill an editor in Gods or Fisheries, with a blister or mouse secretary in three matches. As Milledrade, she finally showed that she could be a big actress playing a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> Curiously his performance was not one note. Although he uses Howard for two-thirds films and misuses, where he sees how his famous kisses hate his kiss, his last scene shows that he may be different because of his health and his inadequacy. No honest work When Howard rejects him, the audience thinks how dishonored he is (he asks what happened to his child - he told him that the child was dead and Howard says he is happy, which is not the reaction of his expectations). Finally, Howard finally got his life, but Milledrade ended a casualty (surprisingly his death was discovered by the elderly Danny calling for his medical journal). The motion picture academy of Arts and Sciences failed to nominate Davis in 1934 (its history and permanent change in the campaign's campaign), but Davis was founded as a star. One year he was against Osir winner Heath. And in two years, he cooperated Howard (like the equals) in the newly recognized forward.
