This movie is about sexual passion. Bit Davis playing Mittredi! This is a woman who is drawn. But she is not a sexual entity because she is a beautiful beautiful girl. Now the movie does not come and says that it is clear but. There is a scene in the movie where people are keeping Gogli eyes on her. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop, she can not read and she really looks someone but she is a flirt. It is clear that male buyers are in his coffee shop. One day, Philip went to the foot of a club. The painter medical student comes to the store to talk to his friend good but when he sees her she is frustrated. She starts buying her things and even pays for her apartment. Meanwhile, he sees other people and he does not give any secret information. He dreams like he is an angel, but he is not an angel. She is constantly thinking about her. Her School of Med School also fails. So what nookie is very good. She wants to marry her but she denies him because she is married to other people. She always knows that she does not really feel the love for him all the time. He broke the heart but he met another woman. They seem to be fine, but he is still dreaming about Vimbo. Mildred comes back with a baby and unwed. Philip again took him, but when he came out with his friend, the light bulb came a little bit and he got him out. He does what he knows, so he tries to persuade him, does not do good and he burns his probation money. Hey, we have a club foot that has problems with him, even though the street teenager has the same problem but tells it to lighten it. She shows another girl named Sally, we have a one-day montage that shows her age when she is still waiting for Miledred. Well he has no school tuition, can not find a job. Finally Sally and her father took him away. Before another March of the time Montage, he is shown below. Soon his uncle raised him to death and he got money as a doctor. In the meantime he already finds Mildred need him again. He has TB. Meanwhile, he is still heading towards the primary road to Sally, and he takes a job in a steamship. Eventually Bibo dies and Philip announces that he is free now and he will marry Sally. I told him that the staff. Now I know that my points are not available in my characters. But Philip was the bad guy. Yes Mildred is a strumpet but he knows it, and he keeps coming back. When he has two lovers who love him but he acts as an appetizer. I guess the gender was not good. But in any case he is waiting for the girl's dog Milindred. Not only this, who is Mildred, who is pregnant, he has already married and when Philip asks him what he wants to do about the child (probably the name of the child), he has no intention of supporting her and the child and she is rich Sally's father speaks a lot of nonsense about the child of 9 children, but she seems to be an old traditionalist. Philip does not seem to refute his feelings. Men are used as Mildred as a boy toy, but the men in this movie come out as unscathed. Yes, she was not a respected woman, but she was far away from a villain. Philip was the real problem to me and it was sex to adulthood.
