At the end of the three-year work of 21 films and Hollywood Bate Davis, he finally had a role as his role and which kept him as a force to count. As Milledrade Rogers, Davis blossomed with a whimsical waitress's full disagreement with Howard's love goal and was already interested in his tooth to drown in such a role, his character did not have any qualms of terrible things, the film must have been involved, and the horrific transformation He will have to It has been widely mentioned that one of the few things that could make her film a little obscene, and reminiscent of Howard's scenes, she made the film history. <BR /> <br /> In about 85 minutes, the story moves at great speed, as well as the story of Philipp Kerry (Howard), as well as the destruction of his life, Milledrade turns Rogers out again. Howard and Davis chemistry are all non-existent - Davis survived the interview shortly after his life, he personally did not pay too much attention to Howard's intensity towards him, and his role as a bad friend (Millred) Did it. All of the same, two seem painful with each other; Their scenes are strong together, only delivering harmful acids by Davis brings his line and his own nervous presence. Then Cromwell's order has a specific setback for himself, which may sometimes fail - he fills some places (when Davis is not there) and indicates the montage over time (expresses over a calendar change too) Frances D). Then all of the back style. It was before technical and complex camera angles came, and overall, the visual story is a simple, essential translation of the novel Samarset Massacre, which translated many titles of "Human Bondage" on 600 pages. Like a story, Philip Kerry can be a glutton in order to punish him, because he and Melredrade have no visible, sexual attraction, and in combination with him, his dissatisfaction with going to get Mildred Do not hide. Howard's performance never seems to be out of the external emotions - his eyes constantly become sad, his expression never goes far away from lost (he is almost the remote cousin of William Hart on "The Accidental Tourist" - Frustrating, hurt, and absolutely passive), but perhaps it is part of its character and that is why it seems that other women (who are at Johnson Johnson Color is played by Diane Frances) has weakened unexpectedly in love with himself. Interestingly, Johnson's Norah will not be able to realize Kerry once, never will she fall for her, the story of her observation tied up with her people - tied to Carey, as tied with Kerry Mildred, and Milledrade herself confused with Miller. (Or male to fit the role of the provider). In her small but memorable scene, she keeps the morality of the story fertile.
