Well, here's another great example of 70 great pictures! "What's wrong with Helen?" Quite frustrated and annoying, but it is presented in such a stylish and sophisticated fashion! There is a crew of another movie, it will certainly become a nasty and great exploitation story, but the director Curtis Herrington ("Anyone Ru?") And the script writer Henry Farel ("Hash ?? Hash? Sweet Charlotte") charges , It became a beautiful and almost enchanting mix of theme and style. The fundamental plot of the film is obviously awesome, but there is much more experience, such as the love story, the atmosphere of 1930s and the full singing and dance-dance! The setting inevitably makes this movie so unique. In the 1930s, we literally came up with excellent music from the era of music, religion, dramatic business, and Wordob. A long and tedious trial that executes the death penalty for their son, Adele (Deby Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) escapes from California and tries to start a new life in a dance school for young talented girls. Adele is particularly accustomed to the new environment, because he falls in love with the local millionaire, but the poor old man gets drowned in the madness and paranoid spiral. He only heard the ramblings of a radio-preacher, fearing that he would be punished for his son's crime and gradually develop violent tendency. The script, though completely without error, is not well written and the film is adequately paced. "What matters to Helen" is not a neutral moment, though singing, dance-dance and tango sequences are quite broad and not related to actual plot. But the atmosphere is continuously evil and the movie must surely benefit from the awesome performance of Shell Winters. Unexpected and intelligent lady, as she is going to make some other snap, she is frustrated, and especially in the last 10 minutes, she sees worse worse in the joint auditorium of Freddie Kruger, Jason Warrias and Michael Mayares! There are a number of horrific supporters who have been sadly avoiding and hiding from their possibilities, such as Mitchell McLimmori as a catematical lecture teacher, Agnes Murhed as a vague priest and Timothy Kerry as women's detested visitor. There are surprisingly scary scenes and some real shock moments to enjoy for the Grand Guignol fanatics, but especially the set pieces and costume designs (even nominated for an Oscar!) Are Breathtaking
