I saw it (and record) a few years ago on local TVs and covered it, afterwards I deleted the tape; However, when it was published by MGM at a very affordable price as a part of Curtis Harrington / Shelli Winters film "Midnight Movie", I could not resist giving it a second view (it has since gone - off-print ). Actually, I got the DVD a few months ago but now, with the passing of Harrington, I got it; Thankfully, this time I was more acceptable in movies and, in fact, now it will consider getting more satisfying with the child's child? (1962) Imitation (with which, incidentally, it has divided the screenwriter Henry Farrell). <br /> <br /> This film has been a fantastic development in the 1930s of Depression - its children-starrer frenzy and exciting assassination (fake time-absorbing newsletter); It is stylishly produced (Lucien Ballard's cinematography and Quds for Eugene Laurie's set design) and supports an effective David Racquine score. Shell Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael McCleemy deliver excellent performance; Later, especially impressive and vaguely brutal fiction is impressive as a coach (although he has finally proved to be a mere red horse!) Also Dennis Weaver and Agnes Murehad (his only Common, since he is the missionary he most played on the radio). <br /> <br /> Many people apologize for the inclusion of musical numbers by kids. (Including a fun imitation of Mae West), but I was not personally bothered by them; The picture receives uncomfortable speed and (probably inappropriately) due to strong plot. Reynolds - a musical star himself - is ideally cast as a dance-school owner and, despite their non-competing competence, he and Winchester work well together. Modern, in fact, gives a more balanced drawing of paranoia and madness than voluntary AUNTIE RO? (1971); Then, the story comes with several witch twists directed towards the forthcoming Grand Goggin-type Degement. Apparently, against the wishes of Harrington - this film was reduced by producer Martin Ranchhoffe (this is mainly due to more pregnancy and homosexual counseling too!) - To get a PG rating ...
