The Lady of Shanghai is a strange story about her famous director Auroshen Wales, whose last Hollywood film was the moon. This is a kind of post-modern film silent, more popular films of this time were quite popular and expressed concern about a happy lucky Irish sailor (Welles's acting). It was played with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayther, who was married in Wales), and her lame, and perhaps the fallen husband, Everett Sloan's brain, with a brutal Gasto. Wells travels as long as long as the bodyguard and the slogan lawmakers (Glenn Anders) revolve around the problem, causing problems by causing strange speech about suicide and other mortgages, when the plot revolves around the plot. Emotional breakdown A murder case has happened and follows all kinds of disasters for Wales and its employers, and at this time the story is unclear and so far at a breathtaking pace, it goes out of the corner and the end of the film is a set of pieces of bright film that drives a little bit of the drive and the emergency He says that he does not own the story himself and he gets the result very much T and often delightful and often delightful jagakhicurite impossible. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to know what Wales is trying to do with this film, his wife can revive her career in Hollywood by driving. But Self-Destructive Interference, as it often happens with Wales, and Miss Haven never seen fewer features. She seems weird that she is cast as a femme fatale, as her screen personality as her most attractive attributes as loveleness, aside from her beauty, a quality she possesses in this film. The director himself was strange and unexpected and used to worship seafarers (probably) easily, in Wahra, after Wales, was not known as simple people to work for his gifts. This is a role that can be able to live the life of Shan Connery or Robert Shaw after twenty years or thirty years. Wells do not The most striking performance of the movie is Glenn Anderson's Greensby, Sloane's boyfriend, traitor law partner. The underworld acts wonderfully with the part, and is photographed to look weird when its scenery ends in weird, chaotic notes and often gets shiny; But for all this, he offers fifty Method Methods for making Gresby's enthusiasm clear and annoying, and on a honest path, the Titanic Keri. <br /> <br /> There is a question that Negez was about this picture of me: What was Wells trying to do? He was a very talented and intelligent person and was determined to give a statement on his films, whether or not he had agreed around the world or published them brilliantly. I think I have an answer, or partial one: Wells summarizing his movie career. He reached the end of his rope at the disappointing Hollywood studio system, and he knew it. In Shanghai's Lady's Day studio mogul, there is no nostalgia, but I suspect that in its portrait of morality, the rival big shot lawyer (for study): Hollywood's Expression of Power Brokers reveals Hollywood. Saying he is presenting himself as a rootless cruiser. Wells himself was certainly a handy passenger, and he rarely lived in one place. He rented it through a studio to pay for a large, dignified movie (Cain Cain), which did not create a storm of controversy from which he did not completely recover. It does not have the courage to name it in this movie, which can tell its personal failure in Wales after its novelty shock in the movie colonization and its inability to supply products according to its commitment. Although he could look at the reality of his free hand, he could not create disaster even beyond his control. He presented himself as a rich, helpless outsider in the film, which lacked self-knowledge in the part of Wales. He was much more than an internal player and I imagined he ignored his knowledge of the world around life and knew himself only because he knew so much.
