Set in Japan, the world of Ashora taking Demo story. The compound is very complex, but the arching story should not be forgotten. Japan is suffering from disaster, the repairers of the human body are occupying the land. Generally, the demo looks and acts like humans, but it is evil. The Japanese words they use are not just ghosts, but rather the classical form of 'ogre' which is a mythological creature, which is a mythological creature. We are talking about animals that appear to be more like a god than the monsters eating the ugly child. <br /> <br /> But everything in the human body is green eyes and green teeth, which are some kind of pressure. There are demo-slayers for saving the world from the Demons. Trained and skilled fighters who can spot and defeat all the monsters and who protect the path between hell and the real world. This basic premises <br /> <br /> A festival starts in a local town. Among these festivals, 3 men roam, dressed in all black clothes, and apparently intended to harm. Villagers run, those who are out of ghost nature, who try to kill them by turning green eyes. Demo-Slayers kill most ghosts. The story gets interesting from here. The whole essence of the story begins when a fate-giant monster appears in front of 3 gate-keepers when the entrance to the fire starts appearing Ashura. With it, the kingdom of man is finished, and begins the kingdom of demons. However, some kind of superb process of Ashura was needed during the war that started in the first phase, but it will not be released until the film is seen. 3 Giant-killer is an intelligent old man, a strong but steady person and a skilled and sympathetic warrior. Immediately you can see the split among them, the old people want to close the monsters, the strong one wants to turn towards their growth ego's psychological will and the third third is looking for closure. The way he meets a woman he starts fancy and believes himself that he has a special relationship with him. He instead sought by the authorities, who are a good brigade. When faced with two faces, he put his arm on his shoulder, and suddenly he was scathed by a sign on his shoulder. Needless to say, the sign is not a good sign. A war for the world, which is a fight between good and evil both, it should be as well, but there is a fight between good and good. <br /> <br /> This film became the point for me to do something else. Think about it. I think it will be similar to a harmful action style movie, or Ragu and Ju-On, which will be a terrific movie with Macb's evil and spooky creatures. I had a good possible mistake though. The story that I had thought was an adaptation of an old Japanese game and it plays like it, it is an important concept, an extraordinary story and a style which makes you compelled to think that than just sit wallowing in the grave. Many scenes are drawn in two pictures with luxurious dialogue which can not be seen in any Hollywood movie. This is a real theater experience that takes away your breathing. <br /> <br /> This picture uses a few visual scenes and camera work with our great Samurai movies, but it is a good idea and Scriptural plot. In the great acting, great music and perfectly stunning scenes, it must be kept in my book. <br /> <br /> It is said that it is necessary to claim that it is not for everyone. Her cheap thrills are not horror, her force does not work in the wall. It's a scary style game that has been filmed. It takes a lot of time to talk about the conventional one-fishing and spend time. Like Japanese dramas, in exchange for the characters, they can quickly last for a few minutes before coming together for a wonderful war scene. If you can enjoy such things, it's a great composition. If the idea of ​​a good movie is slashy flicks with little intrigue and excessive nudity, you can easily see something else. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is unique to me and amazing, which keeps you and amused. It has good writing, good acting, and good aspects. It's all in a firmly great film.
