I would accept to be a little surprised and frustrated at some of the very negative comments I feel excited about this film. I think it's a great awful / sci-fi film. Colonel Steve West (Alex Ribber) returns to Earth after a historic flight on Saturday. In space when he contracted some bizarre and unknown diseases. She woke up in the hospital bed, she saw a mirror and her face melts in front of her eyes! He escaped from hospital supervision and was hiding in some local wood around a small town. Unfortunately, he started developing a rapidly growing hunger that could be satisfied only by eating other people. He will eat human flesh and others will survive the blood! Being victim of the victim, he started the reign of terrorism! His old friend Ted Nelson (Bout de Bening) tried to find him and help him. His job is to work alone because General Perry (Mayran Heale) wants to remain silent for him. Nelson can not even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Michelle Aldradez) has become suspicious, just as General Perry roams, just as local residents started eating half a bit. I do not really understand why this image gets negative reviews, what do people expect? However, I really like this picture. The star of the film Undoubtedly, Rick Baker's special makeup and gour effects are excellent in most cases, and all its artificial effects and no weaker cunning CGI makes them even better. Author and Director William Sax is not afraid to use them, we've got some wonderful long friend shots of incredible molten man and they are still holding up very well. Photography, music and a little bit of direction, but professional enough. This script guides you to create some sympathy for the giant, his shots look for the Ted Nelson house for a long time, or when he sees his reflection in some water and responds with violence. Finishing, no sort of a big factory set, excellent downbeat so do not expect any happy ending. That surprised me. Also, the script really does not do anything with the premiere, just walking around melting and killing, his friend tries to stop him, maybe a little easier. Personally I think the worst bit of film comes to the beginning when a fat nurse runs a hospital corridor at a sudden speed, his screams are also shown in slow motion, it seems and seems ridiculous! To believe it you will see it! I love this picture a lot and recommend it to fans of the 70's and 80's horror / science fan. My favorite is a bit.
