In the 1990s there was no film based on Jane Austen's "Emma". Then two came together in 1996. Or, if you count 1995's "Quoices", which updates the Aston Plot in Modern American High School, three in two years <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young girl from Regina, a good family in England. He, financially, was better than most of the Austen heroes like Elizabeth Bennet or Fannie Price, and did not need to find herself a wealthy husband. Instead, his main concern seems to be finding a husband for his friends. He persuaded his friend Harriet to reject Robert Martyn's proposal to marry a young farmer, believing that the leader of the Harriet ambitious cleric Mr. Elton should determine his position. This project is erroneously wrong, though Elton does not show any interest in Harriet, but he is in love with Emma. Emma refuses to accept her proposal, wondering why she was eager to associate with her friend with a friend as an unexpected wedding partner. This is a Jane Austen plot, Emma seems to be less than a committed Spinster, and she also falls in love with herself, which creates more complexity. <br /> <br /> Today, Kate Beacinsel is the star of Hollywood in 2008, but in 1996, despite being a year younger, Goniath was not often known as Paltrow. However, he is credible as Austen's disciplined but often wrong-headed heroine. Bacinsel has received a gift for classical roles - he created a delightful hero in Kenneth Branagh's "Nothing about the Mach Ado" version - and I find myself sometimes that Hollywood can find a more appropriate role for him instead of spoiling him like his turkey. . "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I liked to mark Jeremy North as Mark Strong as Mark Strong, because in most cases a guest came closer to his own idea of ​​character as an impressive old man, Emma figure than a lover. (His title is probably meant to indicate his righteous nature- the nineteenth-century lady considered herself to be the modern equivalent of the mediaeval knights with striking impressive codes. The age difference between strong age continues to decrease (he is 21 at the age of 37) and Natalie becomes less than a passionate lover and a wise counselor compared to Nomad. Samant Morton (Any other actress who will go on with bigger issues) is probably closer to Harriet's novel than Tony Colette. <br /> <br /> It was smaller than the two versions, instead of television, television, and sets and costume seems less unfortunate and there are less big names in Cast. The costume drama is usually done by British television, and this version certainly can capture its own concept with the cinema version; Both are an entertaining and orderly version of Austin's novel. 7/10
