Many critics believe that Robi in this film. Fasibinders portrayed both the Walki and Nazi titles in this film. However, the consensus of other phasibinders filmmakers can understand that "Maria Maroon of the Wedding" (1979) and "Lola" (1981), like "Lilie Marlin" (1981) "female film" of Fasibinder. Fasabinder was convinced that "a lot better stories can be told than women", because according to the phasimbindera, men usually play a strong role in the society, "women are able to think in a dialectically". Dialectics means the only thesis and its synthesis, not just in our black and white world, but the synthesis where the opponents combine. Furthermore, due to the third example of dialectic means synthesis, the difference between thesis and anthithisis is completely rejected. Narrow talking: Starting from the perspective of the fascist state and portraying the fascist state, underground fighters must be used in the basic way, like the rulers, and there is a chiotic relationship between the criminals and the predators, so that every culprit is also victimized and every victims are also criminals. Fascibord illustrates this abstract project, which has passed the classical reasoning of his play "The City, the Garbage and the Death" (1975), which was depicted by Daniel Schmidt under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). So, in a bilingual way, when coming up with an advanced controversial issue like Nazi Germany, the screenplay of this time becomes more controversial in the form of movies, especially for those who do not want to see us or do not want to. Until the recognition of the world is finished by a primitive lighting-switch scheme, the third instance of synthesis is needed to control its opposite members as the example of thesis and anthreatis. Correlation between criminals and the victims should be examined, because it is not true that criminals are bad and the victims are good. In a synthetic point of view, bad people take part in godliness, just as good people take part in evil. They are correlated. Relations between good and bad can not be established in the classical reasoning worldview, and based on an ethics based on this inadequate system, the actions of their ancestors responsible for the evil consciences of the survivors of Nazi Germany, feelings (irrational enough) By excluding the possibility of relationship between and so on Tti form a new assessment excludes sanslesakeo. From the phasybinder's dialectical perspective, it follows that Lily Marlin No Lola nor Maria Brun can be blamed for "misusing" the regime for their personal purposes, because they do not abuse them, they only use them. On the contrary, since the criminals should repeat the actions of criminals because victims of the criminals must repeat the actions, because "good" and "bad" are not a simple mirror image of each other, like the logical value of each other, their strategies are legitimate by the framework of a logical structure that describes our world Which is black and white, is much better than the black-white-white argument.
