As the English version, MGM was portrayed in the same set, but in Germany, Garo's second film "Anna Christie" benefited from her practice and her ease with the German dialogue. Garza seems to be more relaxed and natural than the guidance of the Jacks Feder by Clarence Brown, and its silent filming systems have disappeared, which has transformed its transformation into a complete form. The power that he brought in the character remains here, though it has become soft, and Garbo has expressed its weaknesses. The entire Caste film, except Garbo, is different from previous versions, and Garbo benefits because of not competing with Marie Dresler, which stole those scenes that were stolen in the English-version version. Garbo draws attention throughout the film of the federation, although three supporter players, especially the father, have given excellent performance. <br /> <br /> The Fed's side was more assured than Clearance Brown, and its camera use and editing technologies do not seem to be limited by the new word process like Brown. The film brought more fluency than the English language adaptation, and the static nature of the first film is replaced by the flow that keeps the audience interested. Even William Daniels, and even the painter, improved on the filming of the Brown version. He captured the atmosphere of docks with Garbo's Luminance and Style. Also, the orientation of the artwork of European audiences made Anna's profession very clear from the beginning, and the commentators made it clear to the audience, which was meant only for brown filming. However, the film was produced before the production code was presented, which confused censorship. <br /> <br /> Garbo's Oscar nomination for "Anne Christie" was always somewhat mysterious, and I suspected that the request was given more than the recognition of its relatively smooth transformation of sound films than its performance. However, the Academy saw the German language version of some of the voters and they realized that contemporary visitors would have the opinion that Oscar was definitely under the direction of his "Anna Christie" fighter.
