After the introduction of Gerhard Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie", Jacks Feder has created a German version of this movie where all Castes except Garbo were different. The US version is still available in the United States, and most American visitors initially viewed this version, "Anna Christie" in Germany may be seen in Europe. I have seen both movies, I feel right to compare two closely-knit productions. Jacques Feyder's film is different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I want to focus first on what is common between both movies. They have identical sets, very similar scripts and the same sequentially presented scenes. Here, you find the story of the young woman who came back to her father after a few years of absence and tried to start a new life. Here, you are entertaining park, a bit bit, although funny in sequence. However, when Garbo stressed myself, I address the first difference. He does not appear to reason because of such curiosity while talking. The audience paid more attention than what he said, which he said, which probably happened to the 1931 viewers. The pride in American movies was very good and he is very good here. Yet, to me, he seems even more genuine in the German version. It is noteworthy that Garbo does not focus on his words that the words (artificially made by sensation: Garbo Tails!) His German is not very well pronounced; Still no one is careful: everything is fully understood. Therefore, I can easily say on my American version: Sackle Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> Yet, the film is a very important thing: the rest cast. Here comes the question: Which picture seems to be more attentive, which one is better for sure? The difference is filled with a variety of. In the role of Garbo's life, Salka Vitalell (or Salka Stewart) is not working equally like Marie Dresler in the role of Marty Owen. He is not bad, he extracts, sometimes overacts (from today's perspective) but the role as Marie Dresler is true that still amuses us and whose momentum stands absolutely a test. Some people even claim that Dresler's film was better than Garbo, and although the opinion seems to be suspicious, some carry the truth. Theo Shawl is much more sympathetic than Charles Baker, but when he is appealed he does not have so much performance in terms of his beauty. <br /> <br /> Who does "Anna Christie" in German? Hans Junkerman's Cristiano Chris Christopherson, Anna's father's biggest attention value George F. Marion vs. Hans Junkerman is like the difference between a day vs. night. Junkerman is a real alcohol addict, hoping to frighten a man, who overdoes his daughter's care. The opening moment of Chris's conversation with mom is memorable, especially his facial expression and stupid performance, especially thanks. If you like Junkermann Chris, you smile occasionally, to whom you sympathize, who leave your mind a picture of a quiet lavender navigator. Great! <br /> <br /> If you've seen America's "Anna Christie" and got the chance to get the German version, I would recommend you for this movie because it's a slightly different look in the story, a beautiful and accurate way to compare, in Clarence Brown's film Exquisite prosperity and, at most, a wonderful opportunity to discover an amazing experience: Hans Junkerman Sakal or Prost, Han Junken!
