Master director Ching Siu Tung is perhaps the most popular achievement this series, a Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. Chinese Ghost Story In some remote past in China, past past past Leslie Cheng was forced to spend his "collecting trip" during a mysterious castle, among which some strange warriors would fight and meet him. Beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wang is under the influence of ghosts and a powerful monster living in slander, who is a wooden devil who has collected his soul for his soul for his own soul. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although Scratch is not allowed to live with the people, they decided to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of life. The wooden devil does not think and our heroes do not want to fight for their life and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This picture is not full of magic than other movies of Ching Siu Tung. His superlatives include Duel to the Death (1983) and the SwordSamen series, which have incredible visual and dynamic power in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of bright lightning and dark atmosphere, which is light by the presence of the beautiful and well-groomed spirits strong. The effects are breathing simply and the bigger screen will work on their greatest strength. The camera is moving and curved all the time and adds to the atmosphere of this film's fairytale story. There are many wire'fu stunts and even if you think and look unnecessarily or stupid when used in movies, I can not agree and they think they can not provide motion picture magic, freedom and creativity tools. . When people fly in these movies, it means movies are not our world, and they usually represent bigger things than life with this energy larger than life art. <br /> <br /> The story about power is quite touching and warm, but the problem (again) is that the characters are very shallow and sometimes work unexplainly. Leslie and Joey should have been written more carefully and their characters should be more warm, deep and genuine to give more power to the stories, and thus the film should be made more significant and important. Also, the message about love and its ability has been transformed into a very large number of times and it should only be meant to convey and find the mind of the audience. Another negative thing about conversations is that it is too much and people talk about it for no reason. It is very annoying and sadly that many authors do what they do while writing their movies. People just talk and talk and everything is easy to understand, and so this film is not very challenging or reliable because it has this unrealistic element. Just think of Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano; His films have very little dialogue and they all have a need because they talk to him through other instruments of the movie and never talk, or other characters do not talk too much in his film. Otherwise, the Chinese ghost story is very nice and visually cut into pieces of the previous movie, and the song that you played should also be with the author. The film has received some awards in the very beautiful and optimistic Hong Kong Film Awards. Apart from the Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and the above mentioned errors, it will almost completely give the perfect superiority to the fantasy genre without any doubt.
