Here Joan Fontaine is fully convinced as a moral beauty, who is completely incapable of feeling loved for anyone other than herself. Her husband (Richard Nee) lost all her money in coordination with her stupidity and her unrest, and they reduced to living in a small house without little or no chance. They continue to keep the most amazing clothes and go socialist as something was wrong. She is an impressive, useless, but fully friendly colleague. However, Fontaine decides that he has to go, because he has exceeded his usefulness. So when she realizes that she does not want to divorce her, she decides to poison her, so that she can proceed. Meanwhile, he was a lover (Patrick Knowles), whom he decided to drop because he is not rich. He also met with old-hearted Herbert Marshall, who paid more than all triming and Yahoo, even spending more money than Fontaine. He decided to target him and he would do it nicely. He is very much interested in eating by young beauty. She is certainly not very exciting, and yesterday has sex appeal as omelette. But Fontaine is one of those cheeks, which means only for money, and the person standing in it and it is transparent, so that he does not show any care or does not care, he sees and sees what he wants and goes for it. She came forward to poison her husband, and sent him very nicely and satisfactorily so that everything is going well. But in the film and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things start to be inaccurate and tensions increase, so that the fontanelle begins to sweat. Fountain is particularly good to look great and awesome, and as soon as the net closes on it, its increasingly frustrating ideas are obvious and we have the edge of our seats. Hysteria and fear are taking from cold calculations and intelligent. But he finds his fallen man for his boyfriend's throw, who is innocent of his plan to set him up. He was sentenced to death for murder, because the light of the unexpected death of the husband by the poison came. But Sir Cadrik Hardwick, playing a seriously determined Scotland Guards Inspector, seems to have some disrespect, and starts to suspect the story and suspect Fontaine. He closed on her, and in this scenario some scenes such as the wildest panic inspired illustration. But what will he save before executing innocent people? Will Fontaine find his way like this? Will Herbert Marshall protect him against his vengeance? This movie is specially directed by Sam Wood and the film is really a fantastic mystery thriller, which I think is a great movie, very well suited for the description of Noar.
