The sea was an interesting film experience. Above all, the overall feeling was intense, internal, clustrophobic and small. Something inside each frame seems to be a photograph, it's too much attention and is not part of a big photo. It was clear what we had to look at each frame. Contribute to the feeling that set physicality itself is smallness and intensity. The light spans halfway through the center of the road, and the smallest gate is small and followed by a few cubbyholes, which is thought to be the entire city that works in the institute. Even the ocean scene was created by a small landing so that the number of long grass in the air could be increased. No panoramic views. In fact, it reminds me of the order of Moulin Rouge Montmart, where the camera clearly creates a small area feeling about the ventilation where everything is happening. <br /> <br /> While acting was considerable. I do not really understand how the line is really delivered, I felt that the actions were too melodramatic and non-conventional. Will Kikuno continue on his way when FusanSuk does not believe the truth of his upcoming marriage? People did not really change, and the character Kikuno was so strong and stable that if they were busy with non-Shin's business, the reaction would be characterless and unnecessary and confusing. Another example of strange acting was when Katikon's drunken lover showed up and decided to intervene with Royce and pushed the stairs down, on the path he stood up and fiercely stairs, and the upcoming battle between the birds was simply dissatisfied. Is not that what I like the war scene? What ah? No, if you do not have a nice movie, it offers interesting views on the dark side of prostitution (such as opposing Gishara). Unfortunately, it is probably feeding hungry women in our hopes ("honey", I will give you an agreement on the comments supported by the extra agreement) and seriously I was suspected that the 19th century prostitution actually worked in this way. But once inside the house, internal activities became the most interesting, vivacious and real, and in the Romantic scene of Japan in the 19th century, I did not realize any scenes that were fantastic.
