'Umei Wai Mighta' ('The Sea Watch Watching') was Akida Kurasawar's Prosperity Film: The illustration of the story of his favorite novelist, Shogoro Yamamoto, which he portrayed for filming, he went on to an extraordinary career. The director respected both Kamee Kurosawa and Yamamoto both for presenting this visible stunning transformation of the picture. <br /> <br /> In the 19th century Japan, this story searches for the lives of women in Gaisha, whose sole purpose is to make money by pleasuring people in life. The room is managed by an old couple, Jinnah and Geitha, a wonderful group of women who know about their business and are proud of their careers. There is reason to save lives of each Gaisa. Oshin (Nagiko Too) supports the family living in his neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) is both good and bad to his clients, whom he led to keep his stories in high color. Oshin is in love with a dangerous Samurai, falls in love with a gentle colleague, just do not marry his caste and leave his joy to marry his promise to Oshin. Ozine's heart swells easily, but is always psychologically and physically supported by the Kikuno and other gišas. <br /> <br /> A handsome Samurai Roussouk (Masatsoshi Nagas) enters the life of Oisin and develops his first faithful and cruel relationship with him. Kikuno is beset by the problem, an old man, who is willing to marry her, and decide whether to accept humble love to deal with a wealthy but insulting customer. When watching the sea and sitting on top of Gaisha house and street as a typhoon, Oshin and Kikuno rooftop wait for the promised rescue by Ryosuke. The story ends with the sacrifice, love and devotion. Seeing the sea and getting protection for true love. Photo by Kazuo Okuahara Beautifully beautiful: bright night lanterns and colorful night scenes in the interior of the colorful Gaisha are both calm and weak in the sea. Acting is somewhat annoying for the art of art, but the characters are well-made and keep the story believable. A confusing one which surely does not accept Korosawa a bit, is that Western music score that sounds like swap opera fillers, apart from the isolated moments, when the original Japanese music track collapses. But at the end, Kurusawa's effect was enough that this film would be associated with a wonderful brand like her dream, which would always keep its importance in the global cinema. Grady Harp
