I'm not sure why this little movie has been dropped in ambiguity, just as it is a bit stupid; Sentinel is a clever and inventive horror movie that gives stories of today's most acclaimed ghost stories rather than for their money. Michael Winer has admitted many times that he is not the greatest director ever, and there are several concerts going on with this film. But it must be said that the film works in a vague direction and is able to make a simple amazing cast of talent rather than the winner made for it anyway. The plot is enriched with mystery, and began to focus on searching for Alison Parker and the flat. He saw that he could not afford the majority of the property, but his fate changed when he found out his affordable apartment. His problems start soon after he is gone, because he does not like his neighbors very much ... and when the property broker tells him that his neighbor only has one, this problem will increase; An elderly blind priests on the upper floors ... <br /> <br /> The custom list is really fantastic, relatively crisp, a wonderful support from the Cristina Rain cast title. Chris Sarandon is a little piece of roles in his role of rain, but a small part for the likes of John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, but something more than a boxing fight for Sarandon's lifeless portrait. Michael Winer does a good job with his central location, because flat blocks provide a vague and macarre setting for the story. The film is a bit slow at the beginning, but it is not annoying; And Michael Winner's playplay offset is almost impossible to guess, which certainly deserve some praise. Similar to the fear of slow motion, it does not go for early circulation - but in contrast to many, the end is considered to be a definite measure because the winner goes out to scare the viewers and if the rumor is used in real humanity, the oddity is true; I said that he works so well! Overall, when you can see this picture, the claim can be pure; Sentinel is one of the best films of its kind, and it must be a major subject for his director.
