This will be one of my favorite horror films. It is a rich, passionate production, excellent cast of pair artists, amazing position cinematography, a hunting musical score, an intelligent and novel plot theme and fear and danger environment. It is memorable for classical films like Roxemarie Bab and Shining, where the young, weak, old-fashioned, supernatural girls hunt in supernatural buildings with supernatural powers. Here, Christina Renaissance plays a top New York City fashion model named Allison Parker. Her happy, outgoing exterior mask is a deeply-contested and troubled spirit. This witness proves that in his past, he tried to commit suicide twice - as a young girl, her father's daughter wandered alongside two women walking on the walk and trampling silver from her neck and throwing it on the floor. , And the second time, his married lawyer-boyfriend's wife committed suicide after learning about her daughter's suicide. Telling his wife (played by a suitable thin chorus Sarandon) that he has to stay on for more than a year, the Old Brooklyn Heights answers a newspaper ad for a fully furnished, spacious bedroom apartment for brown stones. This building is really located and it is located 10 Montgouz Terrace by the Brooklyn Heights Promenade, off of Rensen Street. The producers actually painted the building and its apartments, the residents must pay for their inconvenience. Real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA Gardner), seems to be interested in taking Alison apartments - 6% of the interest he earn will not be fully explained by the commission. Especially when he quickly exceeds the rent of $ 500.00 to $ 400.00 per month. Allison agreed and after leaving the building with Miss Logan, sitting an old man and looking at him from the window on the top floor. Miss Logan identifies him as Father Haliran to him and tells Alison that he is blind. Allison's reaction is very logical - "Blind?" After the move, Alison Silvia Miles and other guests of the building, along with a lesbian couple from Beverly D'Angelo, meet other residents of the building, who provided Alison with an unhealthy reception in this building. Alice's mental health and physical well-being soon begin to feel depressed and she is divided into headache and harmful spellings. When he expressed his concerns about the rise of Mrs. Logan from sleeping at night due to his sleep, the metal coming from the apartment directly from him and loudly alouded aloud loudly aloud loudly aloud loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly That building for three years. To endure the pain of one night in his night, he himself carried out a slaughter knife and a flashlight and entered the upper part of the house. He was confronted by the cancer-paused viewer of his dead father and came after self-defense when he used a knife on him. The police investigated and did not find any sign of violence in the apartment - there is no body, there is no blood, nothing is there. Yet Allison escaped from the building and collapsed in the street, covered in blood-his own, as it happened. But there is a sign on her nary. Allison does not realize that this brown stone has a purpose in it until the film is denied. He was kept there for a reason - which was originally posted on the entrance of the Garden of Eden Bible story and angel Urriel to protect him from his broker. She has been prepaid and prepaid for the most important role played by the Catholic Church unofficially - which guarantees her soul condemned for her two attempted suicides, will be guaranteed. At the same time, "invisible" neighbors, who just turn out to be more than satirical oddballs, have a different agenda for him. This is an appropriate and intelligent movie and one that surprises the Church and its representatives in most of the sympathetic lights.
