The first story is the first of these two parts of the conflict between machines and humans in the Matrix world and it is distributed through spectacular observation by the scope and observation of the unknown people, the spread of politics, extensive religious and historical imagery, and observation. Expected scriptures of the parties involved and at least partially believable and such horrific views of our near future. It is not perfect, and some plot points and images are clearly and transformed once but it has the desired effect and effect and it gives a glue and cautionary story. <br /> <br /> This first part sets the scene - human society has developed and capable robots, most humanoid has developed, men, uneducated jobs, labor, construction etc to serve people and thus the population has become lazy and abusive towards them. But a robot killed the rebel and his master, in the next trial that he just does not want to die. He has been destroyed, but when robots are ordered to destroy people's humanity, many robots grow with sympathy for them. <br /> <br /> Here is a very exciting scene of a robot being hit, hit the head and then succumbed to death due to the exploitation of the imagery, riots and repetition of misuse of Tiananmen square, Holocaust and a humane girl, because it was' I I'm real ' It hangs on the ground, cloth and skin hangs and hangs hanging on the breast. This is a clear and obscene picture that is designed to represent people's unreliable elements and groups of people based on human activity and to express their fear of aggression. However, this first part is like the narrow version of the movie I robot, but it soon develops into an acknowledged matrix back-story because the living robots are exiled and civilization meets in the Middle East, such as the narrator Let us know. There, machines resume and start production of new AIs and create mass technology and trade it with the human race. We see a commercial for a car that uses the Circular Energy Hour Engine, which uses rebellious ships in the movies, and we see their Sinnine type robots flying near the city's name zeroOne. Their products and commerce affect their economics and other economies of human governments and the authorities create a blockage in response. The machines send embassies like Adam and Eve to the United Nations Congress to discuss the peaceful solution to the block, but they were forced to move and the scene was set for the second part of the war. <br /> <br /> The animation consists of studio 4 Degrees Celsius that works in a variety of animatics and it fully presents exemplary and visual stimuli, imagery Montage, CCTV footage and special scenes of import and fully present the story. The plot can not be the main idea and it can affect the simple sheep mentality and plot models and enjoy the stimulating material for the impact, but after the proposed tantalizing mystery of the first movie and Morphius's unclear data-dumps, it is a wonderful exposition of the world's destructive events and the devices in the world. Works as a warning and value   ষের অবস্থার উপর অনেক পর্যবেক্ষণ ও মন্তব্যের জন্য একটি যানবাহন হিসাবে, এআইয়ের উন্নয়ন এবং সাদৃশ্য ও সহযোগিতার গুরুত্ব এবং ধ্বংসাত্মক ঘটনাগুলির ধ্বংসাত্মক ঘটনা দ্বন্দ্ব ও পক্ষপাতের পরিণতি, থিমগুলি চলচ্চিত্রে সম্প্রসারিত হয়েছে।
