Looking at the closing credits close to the Europar I think the first screen was covered, the screen was full, I have never seen a film like this in the genre of talent, the movie of Europa is so fascinating that I am a filmmaker. Wake up in its world, only pale, your Michael Bay, Readley Scott has forgotten Hollywood cinematography, and more than a few other miracles of Europa, it has more miraculous beauty in a few million years. Now I want to call Lars von Teer as a genius of his first film Breaking the Waves and Dancer in Dark the Dark of the Dark, but it is stupid, the filmmakers in Europe have been so unaware that the fact is true. Crime against the movie, when extra rubbish like the Crowking Tiger, hidden dragon and life are beautifully cleaned by the Academy prizes (but know what) Europa has hidden, the absence of the video forms and (as of now, no British TV channel) <br /> <br /> There are no MTV glosses in Europe; It's not a case of style on substance, it's a more sued in the dictating style of the substance. Like his first film, The Elephant of Crime, Van Triare uses the main attraction of our character, and our element begins with the main character (or Europe, we listeners) being hypnotized. After we reduce the tracks, the voice of the statement (Max Van Sado) puts us in deep sleep, until we wake up in Europe. It allows Van Tier and his three painters to make money with conferences of time and imagination, there are many scenes in Europe when a background character will contact a black and white character, which will be colorful, Van Triair is trying to show us that the colorful items What is the priority of a person's plot, for example, it does not surprise that Iopolda kyasalarera first picture (Jean-Marc times) paints the picture because he is the only character to have superiority. <br /> <br /> Performance is good, they may not be compatible with the performance of the next von Tears movies, but this is why the pictures sometimes become so confusing that you really do not like them round for the first time. But I want to point out the superb role of Gene-Marc Bar in the main role, whose blind idealism is gradually being warned by two opposition parties, until they arise in the film's final laws. Again, the title of The Elephant of Crime is that the film ends with our hero, which can not wake up from this nightmare, goes to this terrible place, only to seal his fate with the success of Von Sidor. Europa is an extraordinary movie, and I can not think that Van Teyer has abandoned this way of filming, because it was embarrassing because at that time, one of the most gifted visual directors of the era was Europa, the rest of the cinematic empire was filled with a wealth of symbols. His dedication to Composition and Maine-n-Scene is unique, not to mention the word and production design usage. But its no-frills maildrams can argue since the wave in the dark and breaking the dancer, but it seems to be a waste of a fantastic genius. 10/10
