Prisoners are not famous for their type of hospitality and 'happy', what's with the stories of war, chaos, murder and of course extreme man bondage! But in this movie the prison is a different animal. Horoscope films, such as you might know, especially new ones, such as they force and exaggerate the fear of clutterophobia and the inability to escape? Awesome movies are two best themes. In addition to the example of Cheer (Walderma Korzenioccci, 1988), The Gren Mill (Frank Durbount, 1999), Allen 3 (David Ficcher, 1992) and of course the exploitation of the entire female fisherman, there should be another entry in this instance to be invented and Fun to be a lot of fun Or at least that's what you thought. PRISON is certainly an incredibly fun and enjoyable journey and it's something shameful that it should not be known sooner. <br /> <br /> This image is in the old prison (well, duh!) that has been reopened. However, it is not just the fellow prisoner and the fear of prisoners, rather his mind is not an ass ass monster ghost soul with only one thing; Death! And boy, we are treating some horrible death scenes! I will not loot anything for you here, but the strange hands have made lots of innovative and enjoyable murders. <br /> <br /> Besides the special effects and murder, there is another thing for this movie; It is throwing. The title, we are the Lord of the Rings (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star Viggo Martensen (and those who are so interested, yes, he is naked) whose performance is not very credible, but with his skill, his Eastwood-Esquiera character is bad-to -Hard and desired (very fine mix). Add him a cast of 'hey-weight-a-minit-i-zon-the-guy' actor and you got yourself a big set. Characters do not seem to be lacking in the dimensions of their own and often undesirable. We have a black miracle, a hard-a-nail prison warden, a human rights worker woman and lots of other stock characters. But in all the facts, this 'fault' actually helps the film. Instead of developing a long-term balance balance, do we have a view of a filler, a crack, less or less, straight step, and once it's gone (too soon)? It's the plot of the wall. Contrary to a particular Shawshan Redemption (Frank Durbount, 1994)! Sharing the Conventions with the Slashar style, it is part of a constitution, and, in the tradition of good ol slasher, punish those who have been poor. <br /> <br /> All this is a nice little horror film and one which is unmentioned and unmentioned in the sadly horrible world. An excellent cast and great special effects and rather original death scenes are recommended for this movie extremely horror fans. Due to the fact that in the 1980s it was made in the United States, it would not be fooled to think that it would not be considered a miniature film, although it is very impressive (though this last eliminates it) and simultaneously, sharp and realistic (until it) Trying to deal with things like rape in prison, these are done relatively well). <br /> <br /> I can give it 3.5 out of 5. Indeed a very entertaining horror film with some very nice touch.
