2003 is seen as the Year of Matrix, two series release and a computer game that is actually associated with the plot of the film. Also released was a DVD of 9 small animated movies, most of which were written and made in Japan and were created in anime. Japan makes some of the best animation in the world. Sadly these shorts are the most frustrating. The first of them is the first part of the first matrix film. <br /> <br /> The second revival is made as a historical file. It's how people make their own similar machines. People live a living life, whereas workers of the society, second class citizens are suffering. In 2090, a machine, B-66ER was facing trial for the murder, after the assassination of the owners who wanted to disable them. Fair justice and rioting in the machine does not start around the world. The government of the world government ordered the dismantle machine. Many machines leave the human society and in the Middle East the OWs form their own country. 01 There is a productive economy and easy to solve humanitarian crisis, compelling them for economic crisis. Human blockade 01 and refusing the machine's request for peace, thus was the man who was responsible for the war. <br /> <br /> The second Renaissance is an interesting watch with excellent, traditional animation style. Set in a compulsory world. It shows how machines abuse and humanity sows seeds of their own destruction. There is a political and social world, and in a short time there are many things in it. A style of short stock theme and classical silent film metropolis, partly started with underworld. They are slaves themes, labor class and racism abuse. In short there are some religious themes and religious iconography. Mainly men saw themselves as God and created machines in their own way. Looking at ourselves as the master of the machine. The machines also use religious iconography, mainly in the 'pedals of human civilization' and offer an Apple machine coming to the United Nations as Adam and Eve. <br /> <br /> Animation style is beautiful, traditional animated style (like Akira) done. Set designs are great, predictable with historic cities, e.g. Washington D. C. The future scene is good, and the surprising violence, which is the origin of the film. Director, Mahiro Maya, also billed Bill Volume Anime Order. 1, so there is good certification in Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and knows how to run a story. <br /> <br /> The only true complaint is the continuation error of the first matrix movie. Because Morpheus mentions that there is no historical record of people or who started the war. But it's a good watch.
