I pulled a VHS box from my huge collection - many invisible - and took a movie based on box art, I thought it would be fun, and yes, bad. Who was the box of all that 80s on Chess appearance. I sat and saw, and see! And see! It is found that sometimes we do not actually sit in a movie with a predictable expectation. Thankfully, I quickly returned to my opposite direction and soon realized that I was not just sitting in a good movie but it was also a fairly good movie. The prison tells stories about the old, forgery prisoner's budget to be kept open again. It fades as it fills with all empty and prisoners. The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. Using the prison as its central setting, the story proposes to kill a man through an electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guardian - crucifixion before sending man to his creator. We are only present, for the first time open the prison with the government board and send a nice doctor so that he can ensure the conditions acceptable for the campaign to strongly campaign against the reinstatement of the old prison. Then we were scared of seeing the new warden, Lan Smith nightmare - and the new job to open the prison was not that year. Well, the rest follow suit: The prisoners and the guardians bring a lot of stereotype. We are given some character depth and very interesting characters of the prisoners. Acting like Lane Smith is always better than working like a workshop. Being Viggo Mortenson being a very different prisoner is difficult. Tom Everett, Tony Lister, and Ivan have really discovered the boundaries of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea field as women's leader is OK. Best Actor Lincoln Kilpatric, an underhand character actor, Krisas - a prisoner who was in the same prison when "man" was murdered some years ago by a terrible secret. The prison is not the next best-cooked bread or something like that, but it is definitely a look and obviously better than it is more than expected. I was pleasantly surprised by the story of Queen Harlene, who apparently created atmospheric stories. How does speed and Harlin know how to create his scenery? There are a few additional shots of Gore - like a pipe with cane wire. But these scenes are apparently creative and interesting. Similarly, most of the coupler scripts are available from this movie. Thanks to Irin Yablons for writing this section. You can remember that he came to the idea of ​​Halloween as a nightmare. Here he makes a hell of a lot more scarier already in prison. Give the prison a break (get it).
