We have an interesting part of the low budget horoscope with a relatively original generation, a cast full of familiar rooms and one of the strongest filming sites in horror films history. So ... would anyone tell me why this movie is so uninterrupted ??? "Prison" is the American director of Finland's director Harlin, who is still regarded as the best effort to create "Best Hard 2", "Clifhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea" Blockbluster Hits. The story is fully held between the ancient and ramshackle Wyoming Jail, which is re-opened due to one of the most populous modern populations. In the former execution ornaments, the last victim's restless attitude still lives around. Now Warden Eaton Sharp (Lane Smith), who was killed 40 years ago, this innocent man was killed and the spirit still plays his cruel role in the absurd judgment. It seems that the revenge time has finally arrived. Viggo Martensen has played a good car thief, who wants to prevent more body counting and Chelsea Field Human Social Worker who gradually unveils the secret of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" is more than half a dozen memorable Gorge signings but it is an intolerable dark atmosphere that can specifically prevent you! Contrary to any horror picture of that decade, "prison" highlights an amazing idea of ​​reality! By this, I must mention pure scenes and moods in the walls of the prison, and not to the supernatural killings that occur ... although it is indeed unreasonably unstable. The best part of the film is the picture of the sequences of realistic and difficult prisons-dramas combined with visible greatness and frustrating horror. The absolute terrorism moment (as I saw at a young age because of giving me with nightmares) focuses on a summer death struggle involving a sharp cable. Haunting !! The script plays only an error, but that's a common one ... almost inevitable, I guess: Clichés! The story introduces almost every possible stereotype to a prison nearby. We've got ugly, fat-deformed with his 'cute boy-toys', avoiding all costs of cowards and racist guards and ?? Naturally The old 'intelligent black ear who has served all the time (have I heard that Morgan Freiman awakened the name?) I do not see myself blind in this cliche, as there are many other elements for the praise. Photography is dark and humid, mystery is long and successful, and the classical support of the B-actors is virgin-role (fans, Tom Everett, Tom 'small' liver and even immense horror icons, who will know the crane). Forget about God-fearing Wes Craven's "shocker" or cruel painstaking cheese-flick "chair". This tracking price is the only prisoner! Especially Viggo Martensen has been holding popularity nowadays (I've heard that he starred in a successful franchisee associated with Elove, Hobbs and other fairy animals ...) The real 80's Awesome Gems are an original DVD-80 release!
