Sheer tactical, weird (some drop-dead superb blonde blonde acted as a pool-string doll for some wealthy folks watch for peculiar moments), dotted but undoubtedly late night's features. This unhinged French production is a stew of a hazardous uninterrupted concept and a very extremist star (if some hero hero) illustrates the central random plot on Allen Dellon and Charles Bronson. In fact, they can not do all such things, especially during limited middle-section where they hide themselves in a house to secure 10,000 possible combinations during the Christmas break. Oh fun But this is when the seamless, delusional relationship between Dellon and Branson's letters is formed. Deliberately after the wills (and child games against each other) after the war, both come to an understanding that they involve each other and show mutual respect. This unkempt curve will play more part in the second half of the twisty story with the ball. There are still more to have to hurry to face them yet, but what we get is unclear and magnified by this 'What just happens?' Ultimately that last you could jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! The system is happy to get that. <br /> <br /> Pacing is very slowly, but it has been measured and it seems to have been extracted with its intense, nervous underline tension. See again and again as the repetition of the same process, and you know that something is not right and the challenge finally comes into play. Now what has happened is very spontaneous, but Climax payout hunting. Fresh, complex script is probably very less clever for its own, but there are some handsome novels (coins, glass and liquids do not try spilling) and visual symbols. Gene Harmon's side is functionally sophisticated and low-key, but maintains an artificial element in water and an unintended ice environment. Sound FX is more featured as a powerful note, compared to Francois Darwin's Funky Score which is mainly covered by radioactive opening. Top drawers Dellon (quite firmly) and Brunson (a sharp turn) are difficult, and absolutely off-each job. Bernard Frereson has observed that there is more to know than the inspector who is leading. Support features supported by an attractive female cast, Brigget Fossi and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> is a cryptic direction, but the fictional crime drama is managed by its two leads and some strange insights.
