This is the first Gene Rinalos Silent film I have seen and probably as accurately as it is generally regarded as the best in addition to its first major work. Overall, it's actually a very reliably and technically completed film that truly falsely recovers the terrorist efforts of Reno. For fans of the director, in the future Reno films, especially in The Dairy of a Chamberyide (1946) and The Gould Coach (1952), have striking characters in full color - the lower-class females craze the bird's screenplay by fading those who prefer themselves by the various aristocrats. For him - but the Games of the Rules (1939) - It shows in a sequence how the gentleman's behavior behaves when their master's backs move from them - and French canons (1955) - at various times see scandalous dance at one. Personally, I would say that this movie is J. J. Who has made for the prestigious music. Pond's Pandora's Box (1928), Joseph von Sternberg's The Blue Angel (1930) and Max Ophul's' Lola Montes (1955) in his lively entertainment of a courtesy living. <br /> <br /> All of this, there was a great critical and commercial failure during the film's release - Renoir himself mentioned in his memoirs as "crazy initiative" which was not only his personal fate (he eventually sold and therefore financially Made the burden easy), some of his late father's painting off), but almost gave him a good movie! Artfully, Nano is different from Reno's disciplined work, and Eric Von Straheim's Foolish Weiss (1922) gives a special loan for a special loan, a movie Renoir is widely acclaimed - and in a personal note, which I really need to rethink, its Qune DVD and other vans Stryhams for 4 years now) However, the NANA is certainly not without its flaws: Some randomized motion sequences (especially horse races around the middle point) are felt during the long running 130-minute period. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to accept too much mannade acting styles over the display - especially those of Catherine Hessling and Raymond Guerin-Katellain's George Hugan (one of his various suitors) ... Technically, they mean their characters Bad actress (who goes to courtesy lifestyle after being evicted from stage) and unexpectedly weak However, like the Golden Coach, Anas Magnery, Hessling (at that time, Reno's wife, on the way,) is not only very attractive enough as a "symbol of attraction" (like another fan describes him at one stage) who is able to enslave every male he meets. Caste's other notable "Dr. Calgary" himself, Warner Cross (grandfather's favorite fan, mass muffat), Gene Angelo (initially as Suspicion, but Naan's last tragic soul) and future star film director Cloud Atlant-Lara (Bill as Claude Moore And serving as Art) Director) Here is a close friend of Mufta but secretly minors Neglected wife of a fool! <br /> <br /> I saw the prints - in Liongate's "Gene Rannore 3-Disc Collector's Edition" - in most cases it is lovingly restored and printed nicely, which was previously found in French DVD. It can not help, based on a classic of French literature (by Emily Jolla, not less than), but several notable movie versions were released in 1934 by Dorothy Azhanger (Anna Stain and Lionel Atuil, with whom I own VHS) and Christian- Zac in 1955 (with Martin Carroll and Charles Boyer, which I do not know).
