I like this movie. I do not agree with a slight (negative) criticism which I've read over the years. It was a great car for Eddie Morphy! He spent a great time with his part like Chandler Jerele and he would never be worried about what critics say? And most of her audience enjoyed it! And, it was fun to add some fantastic fantasy excitement with Mr. Murphy's wonderful comedic style. Do you remember that 'golden child' is a 'fantasy' picture ?? Just a 'fantastic' magic and wonder in the world is a fantastic work. I was working in a video rental shop when the film was released. This is one of the most popular with all our customers. Every single time, we keep it in our monitor, we keep aligning the copies that we have quickly earmarked for a few months with list! Everyone who likes it likes it! I was a resident movie critic and my regular customers want to know my opinion before renting ?? This is my favorite one and I knew the taste of my customers so I highly recommend this one of them most. I really think this film is a slipper ?? It might not be too good at the box office ?? Due to bad marketing ?? But after the video rental and the buying market it hit a high! (Yes, I bought this image for my own video library!). I congratulate the little boy playing 'Golden Child'? J. L. Rayet - But after seeing his profile in IMDB, I noticed that he did not have any other movies. This is tragic, because he must have had aura on screen and could continue his career. I congratulated Victor Wang, who played Old Man (I love him as 'Egg Shane' in 'Big Trouble in Little China' in 1986). At no rate, it was a great film. The only flaws that do not seem to fit with the theme are some that somehow got 'adult' in nature ?? For example, sex commentary about the serpent lady she presented as Chandelar's soup. It was fun, but it was still out of sync. OK, so there was some suggestive gratuitous view ?? Those days may have been kept for the mind-set of that day. It is still an adventure and escapist type film which we need today to get away from all the hard-core reality and we are frustrating fluff that is hitting from Hollywood. Now that entertainment!
