This is the fifth von Trier film I have seen. I believe he is the only director, whom I have given so high in all his movies. Four of them, The Element of Crime, Europe, Breaking Waves and Darker in the Dark, I gave 10 and one, the idiots, I gave 9 (and I'll be paying ten whether I review it, though I first saw it I would like to see more once before doing this). He has been challenged to call himself the best actor director. I do not agree with her. I can not blame him for being arrogant when making such a great movie. In 50 years, when Van Tier retires, he will look at him as a former famous artist in Europe (probably from the planet) and in his class he will be taught. He is simply Bergman or Fellini in our time. It is very bad, critics are very curious to see this issue with themselves. <br /> <br /> About Europa, I would admit that it was confusing and its description does not seem to be strong. I think that point is. This picture was probably meant to represent a nightmare, or subconscious at some stage. It is absolutely clear from the framing of the film: Max Fon Saido. We are hypnotized, or the V-Trier is hypnotized, and this is our / her subconscious mind. My mind worried about the collapse of Europe, an American, very few. The Elephant of Crime, has seen a more brighter film than this, but this framing has become clear (though I think that my mind is being debated; it is more likely that the Europa than anything else is appropriate to be released in the DVD, hopefully again with the theater Vision ratio and memorabilia and photos; Then, I'm pretty sure that this movie is about Von Trier's other films Itragulira would seem like). The Element of Crime In, the film begins with an observer, which we actually see on this screen, a European detective who mesmerized Fisher, who wants to get root in his mental anguish. The first words of that movie are "fantasy is okay, but my job is to keep track of you." And whenever Fisher, the narrator, turns off the track, hypnotist chastize him and tells him to get back with the story. He even laughs when a character is given really stupid and trite lines. Something along the line, "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist said to laugh, "Now, Fischer, he did not really say what he did?" So the key to explaining Europa, often a series of crime suppression is that we are deep in the subconscious of our / von Trier, and the symbol will be explained among themselves and will probably be different for everyone. What is the train itself? Consider internally, and only then it discusses the external. Europa is a great film, a great composition. I was not bothered by it, even though I saw it at 3 o'clock. The perfect time to watch, in fact, it works in the dream logic.
