I was very aware of the history of the time in the Brazilian black comedy of 1971, but it seems that it was not accessible to me because the film is very clear. It was founded in Brazil in the 16th century, where rival French and Portuguese settlers exploited them as dictatorship in their war for supremacy. It is particularly interesting about the film that it is made by the Portuguese from the perspective of the French. The hero is a favorite Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbaric, and the others are violent and greedy. Portuguese creators of the film are causative reasons because when it is said and done, we see that it does not make any difference to any difference. It is often related to increased legacy by the tribes defined by the tribes. Enemies are made and are perpetual, and therefore environmental integration is not progressing. <br /> <br /> After the Portuguese killed a Portuguese tribe, a French tribe detained by the Portuguese was arrested in Tupinimbus. The tribe of Shan predicted that they could retaliate against the revenge of the chief's brother for a powerful Portuguese man to be killed by the Portuesus Massacre ball. The French thought that they are now one. Yet, the French is given unrestrained courses in the village, sooner or later the wife is given, and her western dress or clothes are appreciated instead of their accustomed appearance. Another French comes to the village and tells the tribe that their captives are actually Portuguese, then assured the broken French person that he will tell the truth when the French find secret treasure that other Europeans are hiding nearby. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene interesting, because the copies of its description were served as a great mock on-screen, even if the movie does not want to be spontaneous. This is not actually a terrific riveting film. Generous, indigenous locals, vivacious life and chic negative women are not only French, but we also forget the threat, and we feel as a free man. It will not escape from that terribly difficult. The atrocities are relatively rare for the desire as complete nudity of Caste, instead of Parrotos Dos Santos's Happy Political Cartoon's proposed New World Mythology and Unused Social Coordination. At any rate, this 1500-era social commentary, about 3600 islands on the coast of 365 islands are almost nude and almost entirely written in the press, which encourages effectively broken by established means, which they repeat themselves for centuries.
