C. C. C. C. Bollywood's first good movie of 2001 Seeing the first movie trailer, I thought it would be a beautiful family movie. I was right. Salman Khan gave the most powerful performance. My family was not very interested in him, but after seeing this picture my family influenced him very much. Queen and love are wonderful. These three big big stars are big stars. <br /> <br /> It is about Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya Milan and falling in love. They are married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they returned, Raj and Priya, Priya was pregnant. The family of Raj family, especially Raj's grandfather (Amir Puri), finds happiness. Raj and his family are playing cricket one day and the loved ones happen due to Abhishek due to abortion. Balraj Chopra (Love Chopra), a close family friend of Raj. He told Raj and Priya that there was no longer any more children. Keep this calm from Raj and Priya families. Raj and Priya agreed to go for marriage. The issue of marriage to them is that they will find a girl and a king, and that girl will have a child together and then she will hand over the boy to Raj and Priya. The king finds a girl. His name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and prostitute. Raj tells him the situation and benefits him by paying and he agrees. Raj Madhupala changes completley! Raj told Priya that she found a girl. Madhubara and Priya became friends and friends. So nobody finds out so they go to Switzerland to do this. Priya spends a church at night and Raj and Madhubala are all alone and they spend their night together. Doctors confirmed that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. The king tells the family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again Madhubala loves the king and she wants to. What happens next? See CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> One thing I did not like about the film is the idea of ​​Sarojek. They should have done it correctly in the film, but it did not destroy the film. It was still excellent. <br /> <br /> The film's songs are awesome. My choices are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", see Walan Nai, "Dewana hi hey standard" and "Mehdi". " Mehdi "is very colorful in this song, it shows horse-laden space and this colorful picture is great!
