The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" demonstrates that the traditional job interview and resume team does not predict the efficiency, work dedication and performance of the team. And they certainly do not publish any hidden agendas. In other words, a good indicator of feasibility is to see the worker who is employed in the "trainee" point of view. Interested people can arrange sugar-coated resume for corporate positions and wear their best personality dresses for interviews, but these are not the best indicators of strength, weakness and performance. <br /> <br />, "The Apprentice" competes for 16 career candidates for a career in the final career: Real estate magnetist Donald Trump's investment company's position. "The apoplex" refers to the winner, who will gain a paid position, master the art of high exchange agreements, and probably get major corporate connections. A dream-come-true-true dream that wants to earn more money than the GNP of some foreign countries In order to lure candidates, Trams show their private jet, their personal luxury apartments are filled with statues and artwork, its Limo, its connection to celebrities and other aspects of Billionaires mood life. <br /> <br /> The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two groups, which compete against each other. Everyone has a corporate-sounding name, such as Versacorps and Protége Corporation. The parties employ tasks that are a commercial enterprise such as creating ads, selling goods, or negotiating. The teams select a project manager who provides leadership and organizational skills to complete the work. If they win, the manager gets a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the final arbiter. If they lose, the manager may be a scap-goat. Some work is memorable enough only in just one or two days. A TV commercial, or print advertising can be created in the job. Others can sell to retailers or street. <br /> <br /> This staff has made the participants the best and the worst. They often show that the most reliable, who is most trustworthy and who is hard-working. And those who reveal who do not have a good team player, are unable, and who think only for themselves. Works unexpectedly reveal the power and weaknesses of participants and especially the project manager in an unexpected way. The manager communicates with the team, coordinates the work, organizes time, and determines specific goals, but how much the results will be determined, but it should not be predicted by the winner. <br /> <br /> Some people are assigned a project manager when it is probable to say a single point. Their own skills are opposed to their self-propagated power and are immediately shown by veneer, which can not be hidden by $ 100 ray tie or a beautiful change. Leadership attributes and / or weaknesses often become unreasonably obvious after a few minutes. Real-life leadership who raised themselves as a leading leader is not always as strong as setting the situation. It's always easy to "make your own horn" rather than being involved in leadership. Project managers and even winning teams often do not form a joint strategy. They often believe that instead of taking a few minutes to finish the job, it is more effective to discuss deeper diving to complete the task in the first minute and discuss how to complete the task. Often, members of a corrupt group are often running like chicken-like poultry and they have been wasting more time for a long time. <br /> <br /> The winning team gets a taste of high life, such as eating dinner in an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private jet, and / or seeing a celebrity. The losing team comes in a terrific boardroom where tram members have heard Lum's excuse and have broken one or more competitor into chess board, which is now infamous "you have expelled" Often, the project director is believed to be partly responsible for the loss of the team and the traumatic complaint of the tram may be the target. Every week, at least one person becomes a harm from the losing team. <br /> <br /> My unexpected side "The apprentices" board of the room. Although the workers themselves expose the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the board is often bad in the room. Unfortunately, the rules of the game emphasize that even if the contest is closed, a winning team and a losing team. The defeated party members accuse each other, often ruthlessly, who blamed. And sometimes multiple people get fired. I rarely see an under-board candidate taking responsibility for their actions in the board room. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson are probably the only candidate who takes full responsibility for the loss of his team and has not received any recognition for this selfless work. For me, Christie Frank and Quayem Jackson were the most honest of all the candidates. However, tram thinks Christian as weak and expelled him, claiming that he was not standing for himself, that may mean that he considers ego more valuable than integrity. Nobody should sacrifice their integrity for this. Christian Frank might not have become an educational institution, but he could live with himself that he did not blame unjustly. "Winner" is not as valuable as it is? <br /> <br /> The strength of "trainee" is also its weakness. Because the team performance winners and victims are rigorously assessed, other evaluation opportunities are ignored. Except for the huge gap between the winning and losing parties, sometimes a losing team is a high standard example of teamwork and skill. I sometimes saw losing the team that sometimes gets better organized than the winning team. We Americans are often winners and often obsessed with losing that we ignore excellence.
