Water Lily French young girl is a well-known first film about sex and friendship. It is lucrative to others as putting off as something that works with sciamma special, slightly sanitized components. The film focuses on three middle-aged girls exclusively in the brand new Paris suburbs. Their lives are revolving around a large indoor swimming pool, where three of the two synchronized water ballet teams are part of the team. <br /> <br /> Such misconceptions have been overthrown from the equation as parents, siblings, work and school. Central sensitivity is notable on the sullen but skinny Marie (Palin Acquart), who is on the team, but he seems like to think. Marie Puja Florian (Adele Henel), after an alluring blonde and boys who stand out in the team. This is far from his former best friend, the member of the water ball team, away from Louise Blachère. Being less special is Anne boys really more accessible. Floriane, like this film, he really offers a little more commitment. Marie has more important qualities for a teenage girl: She suffers from inside. The fluianian is not suffering in such situations and then like Bolt. <br /> <br /> Marie is surprised by water-water ballet and Florida glamor. Mary first took advantage of her to make her cover and a cover for her appointment, then there is no other friend, lack of trust in her. All other girls consider Florian a whore, he encourages an illusion of male and female tissues, because it leads them. He is suffering from the fate of a beautiful girl being a person, not a person, and he can not withstand the legitimacy that the boys give him by kissing him and putting him on the bed, but he does not really care about any of them and knows him is a trap associated with them. Is. To list Marie as her follower, do not go to meet her (invisible) mother boys, she later got Mario to rescue her from the boys. It looked at the opposite at the beginning, but Marian thought of Florian as much as he needed. Anne left her with discomfort with her body and compared to other girls, it is a desire to get laid that is earthier and more realistic. All the air in outer context, Sciamma brilliant subtle counter in the fine equation The goal and interaction of three girls can On the other hand, the film's insanity, which includes plenty of fountain and spat and water swim shots, sometimes feels completely unprotected and does not pass quickly in its 95 minutes. Thankfully, this movie has a sense of humor and three sometimes forgets their current goals and avoidances and only forgets the foolish, vain girl things. It is the offabt moment to give film life; There is a way that is not too much of them, too bad. But the person's own emotional courage and the people walking outside the theater are personality and their dynamism. Of course alongside the paths are happy to swim and look at the girls, who understand that they are looking at themselves. There is no great title or drama on the street, but when it is raised that Marie is not only admired, but it really wants the florian and jealousy of her lovers - whose florivens always stop before they go all the way. With a general ridicule of this kind of plot, Floridai actually decides to have her first real sexual relationship with Maria - but Mary is the person who has stopped it because she knows that Florida will not have her significance. When this happens, it's a terrific, mechanical thing. Meanwhile Anne Francois (Warren Jackin), who has made a huge crash to swim for a man, he must be after Florian. The guys are not the elements that are reduced and there are about a dozen ready to be ready in the poolside or dance floor, but they are only body and face, available foam.
