The significance of the French title of the film, "La Naciones des Purece", which literally means "the birth of octopus" is unclear, so it is not surprising that it is "water lily" in English speaking countries. "Three girls of Lily" in the English language, Ana and Florian, a member of the synchronized swimming team located on the coast of Paris, and this movie is "developing" their first Sexual feeling <br /> <br /> <br /> Perhaps an extraordinary picture for such a movie, it only focuses on the relationship between youths. We have nothing to do with their parents or their teachers, and the little bit of the adult world The appearance of three girls is very different, and the character is very different as being painted. The shy, retired Marie is thin and petite and seems to be the lowest among the three.Anne is a Some of the mantle Jane, Floriane is a fascinating blonde who is very popular with boys.From a lovely man named Franko who is involved in swimming, three of which can be described as a love-quad. <br /> <br /> Anne has fallen in love with Francois, But he is back to Floriane, who feels his love, though he is by his only male admirer. Indeed, all the admirers of Florian are not male, because Mario has crushed his attractive friend. Chart the way in which the film develops their friendship; At first it seems that Florian is simply using Marie as an excuse when he is actually going to meet the boys; Her parents are probably attracted to her dating boys, but she has no objection to female friends. Later, we realized that the photo of Florida is a sexy, popular girl, who is always the center of attention of men, she actually supports Marie's feelings. Some of the most prevalent references to film sexuality. Ana, her short hair and rather sneaky figure, usually shows "buch", yet she is the only one of three main characters, which is inseparably inseparable, and more commonly feminine mary and faded gay gay, or at least bisexual <br /> <br /> Older films are quite common, although most of them avoid avoiding controversial issues of juvenile homosexuality. "Water Lily", though, behaves sensitively with its content, with three of its three major actresses, Pauline Akkut, Adel Henel, and Louise Blackhear's three very good performances. The relationships between the letters, especially Mary and Florida, are complex and many are explanatory. (Florian, for example, is just using Marie for sex, or is she a true romantic sentiment? Franklin Frankenie and her other boys can hide her lesbian feelings from the outside world? Hide them from them?) Saamma (first time 27) made the first film; On this basis he must be regarded as a very hopeful youngman. 7/10
