This one is a rope; Many Trek fans do not rate it as the best known all-time classic episode because they really lack a deep meaning or commitment, but this is what has been made effective for them, so pure entertainment as pure, it is always the top half-dozen episodes By creating my personal list, I do not go into a mood. Evidence of this episode (then, of course, revised the idea with TNG show Holdd Technology), a well-known future films ("Westward") and TV shows (more elaborate "fantasy island") took their quota. Beautifully illustrated (especially in the revised version and in DVD) and indicated, it happens in a beautiful park-like setting that comes with the enterprise. It is strange that any life of animals, even pests, exists here (for example, how flowers are pollinated), but there is nothing to be surprised when members of the landing party start seeing people from their past (a man-heavy past in Kirk, it turns out), as well Statistics from other well-known fabulous stories. Sullu has even found the old style police revolver (its associated with the collection of the sword, no doubt). <br /> <br /> At this stage, in the Trek series (half through the first episode), most of the original characters were solidified among the old friends. We want to know a lot in the coming years. Here, we are really able to find them to find the puzzle to relax, see the conversation and work together: The firm description is again a mystery, and the audience is accompanied by this journey, Kirk and friends have a perfect fun match to them in a very bizarre event series. Following the overwhelming style established on the starships, it is almost unclear, because after finally showing the specific signs of stress and fatigue, Kirk finally vomits. (Enterprise, proposed, it only completed a disappointing mission). Then said A knight dies on McCain's horse; Yes, this is Dr. McQueen's final episode ... just having fun. But, at this point the rest of the Landing Party is not a joke. Like McKay, for the dead and the best track episodes for all purposes and purposes, the second half of this adventure reaches even more deadly, energetic and mysteries at a more frustrating pace. After the death of Kirk Mixe, his understanding of any of these incidents has been indicated by the strong reaction of Kirk - all of these will reach Kirk at the bottom. <br /> <br /> It is not easy for Kirk: Perhaps his long meno- From the academy days for the A-Mon series, Karke Tuschel's fight with his dominance, almost half of which took place in the planet. The second seems to be. Yet, in view of this extraordinary softness, Kirk's past acquaintances are compatible with others. This episode runs the plates of all the people's experience, rather, what we learn about the actual purpose of this strange planet is that it is appropriate in the light. The script really explains some events that satisfies what is happening, which opposes some of the same plot lines and other vague views that enter into a series of science-feeds (those people may not possibly be there). And indeed a seated story - that is, we need 'work' to stop our tension and fatigue in people in a particular fashion, or we do not work in a normal 'normal' way. Also, note the sudden appearance of the beautiful Yemen Barrows and the sudden absence of Yemen Rand, who did not return to the first track movie in '79. I believe that after this episode, even more Trek fans could not wait for the next look of all their favorite characters. But I have finally released this episode, probably the idea of ​​vandalism: If McCain dies (verbally verified), how do we know that it was our original MacKay who came back to the ship? Perhaps this explanation is why this MacKay still visits the star after a century and is running very well with data.
