Since another episode from childhood, as an adult, I look back with a different perspective. This was one of my favorite childhood episodes, which really cemented my sincerity to this show. However, after watching this episode after 20 years, I would say it is diminished and played for humor, instead of the lines of dramatic and well-built stories in previous episodes, their first and best season Perhaps this episode was written for a little fan and RR! Mr Spok will say, the story is not just logical, but ultimately there is some interesting line of Mr. Speak's last final - when he asks Captain, McCroot al-Ala whether they have enjoyed them anymore, whether they have a positive answer, he raises a eyebrow and says " Joke ... "The only way is Mr. Spock could do that. An interesting storyline, of course, the idea of ​​a music park is really fun (for example, instead of Disneyland's fake and often annoying "entertainment"), its desires may be true. Really, a great idea but not good execution. Coming from Theodore Sturgeon, one of the short SF short stories writers of the first season, was a surprising how-to tinker for the script that was turned into a script. <br /> <br /> Here's a little bit I learned here: In 1987, James Gunn established Theodore Sturgeon Award for Best Short Fiction. And I'll quote the rest of this site: In 1968, the third script of "Star Trek TV series" (Amok Time the Other) "Stearon" has written "The Joy Machine", which was never shot. The main reason why it is not used in the series is that it has a special effect sequence that is too much for their budget. However, this script was transformed into a book by Psy-Fi Writer James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, The Origin Series), and was published in 1996 by Pocket Books. <br /> <br /> I would like to say that this episode is still very enjoyable, especially if it does not think too much about it. Just smile and enjoy it and in the next episode we can get back the critical elements of the universe's protection.
