It seems that many of the movies favor the IMDB comment, thus they try to compare it with an older version. True, "Holo man" is the rebuilding of the "invisible people", but there are similar matches. "Holo Man" is an entertainment movie, duration. You see a movie with the intention to find as many errors as possible, but you will not have to watch the movie first. True, some movies are very intense and intolerable, but "The Man" leads you to entertainment and if you disappear and if you are united with your ancestors, then what do you think. Kevin Bacon starred as a brilliant scientist, who, along with a team of associates, discovered the way to make animals invisible. Now his mission is again visible. When this group of young scientists (you can guess that for the Pentagon, they think that their animals have a formula to make visible again), Kevin Bacon volunteers are going to be the first to use the new experimental medicine. Then, of course, something went wrong, because Kevin Bacon is invisible to the rest of the film and is forced to wear a latex mask, so where do his associates know? Paranoia and the feeling of depression began to take Kevin's character and when he learns that his former girlfriend and associate (Elizabeth Schu) is very upset with other young scientists, he eventually becomes humble. The film then becomes a hybrid of "Allian" and a Slashner flick, but it is not called a bad turn. Scares are cold and the movie moves at a fantastic speed. Special effects are top notch (always a quality of all Paul Vernhaw films) which we have seen in some "Body Reconstruction" sequence that we have never seen before. If there is anything to complain about, perhaps, the conditions are predicted here; In the first hour of the film, you know that Kevin Bacon will finally jump from being a lively madness to being weird and barbaric. And the end is a bit accidental, but despite this, HOLLOW MAN is still worth watching. If you want to know the real bad movie then waste your money from "fair dot less" (with Stephen Dorf) or even worse UNTOLD (or "Sansquatsh" with "Henriksen"). Now that "hollow"! 8 * 10 * out *!
