Explosive warning for those who want to see those who want to pass animals and landscapes in front of their eyes, although I do not mention it in detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is approximately estimated. Based on the 90 minute movie version of "Planet Earth" which I saw on BBC TV. The television version David Attenborough, who was described by an impressive commentator, also did it for "Earth", but it's Patrick Stewart, Captain Picard of Star Trek. There are adjustable shots from earth to place so that it may be appropriate. In any case he has a nice enough and quiet voice for it. There are 12 chapters that we follow in the life of animals from the North Pole to Antarctica. 3 animal families, smokers beer, elephants and whales, more than one of these parts are present. Each "section" starts with a hint of how far from the North Pole or Ecuador. We can see every kind of animal, but only mammals, birds, some fish and plants, mountains, waterfalls, desert and some beautiful forest shots, different types of life and natural representation of the landscape and weather. You get the idea that our planet lives only by animals: people or villages or cities are not in the film, so this is a common documentary documentary, but collected by excitingly shot and fun music. When the film opened, I knew it would end soon for me. This is a family movie, so the brutal killings of an animal When one is caught by the hunter, the shot is over, and in other cases we find the victim getting slower, which makes it fierce and watchable for young children (Netherlands age 6). There is no blood shade. Some scenes (strangers) will be really clever and adored by the kids. It looks like a common nature movie, but when you know how many shooting days (4000) and how much it costs, it will become a wonderful part of beauty. A month before the original release, it was a movie of 500 cinemas in the Dutch premiere yesterday, out of which 15 photos were taken. True beauty seems to be very interesting, especially for movie goers. I knew the TV series, if my favorite scenes were made in this film, I would certainly have been very interested. Nothing, but the most impressive shot (big waterfall) luckily, This was the first time I shouted in a nature film.
