I did not hear anything except my little talk about "Planet Earth" in the 2006 Television Mini series, my childhood idol described by David Attenborough. Nevertheless, whether it was shown in Australia or not, I never got caught up with it, and when did I get an opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)'? A feature-length compilation of the same nature footage ?? On the big screen, I jumped at the opportunity. Theater was largely empty; Only one other patron was sitting in front of me, and like me, I just did not have a big screen, but in fact the whole world was the world. For 90 minutes, I was submerged in the beauty and danger of isolated desert, sometimes in the most beautiful living creatures caught in the picture. Extraordinary in her scope, and sometimes painful, intimate, 'Earth' film makers recognize the fine balance of our planet and extends sincere requests to the fear of the human being on the edge of countless glorious creatures and plant species. <br /> <br /> <br Although this movie, directed by Alistair Fathgil and Mark Linfield, must be for the protection of the desert. Ukti, then head through the preaching and politics forbids us from killing the puzzle is completely ignored; Actually, there is no human eye. Instead, we are simply taking an exciting journey into the greatness of the natural world, elasticity, and the flexibility of the life of the world. I have heard that the original mini series, which ran for eleven episodes, has gone deeper in the scientific background of the global ecosystem, but I think here, the filmmakers have made the wise decision to replace the information with psychological effects: I think 'I think at the last moment I I was inspired, and at the same time I was not absolutely heartfelt. By establishing a psychological link between a mental link and a certain number of personal creatures in the audience by them, we are suddenly able to appreciate the "human side" of each species, and the hopelessness of their survival is a statistical and more unacceptable tragedy. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The world has a dramatic selection of a dramatic episode, though it is the struggle of leadership of the tramp of his children or elephant ankles towards a smoky bear's Arctic ice. The life of the Okavango delta lives on the seasonal flooding. The documentary shows the fine balance between life and death, the most impressive predators appear in the great ballet of interaction. Although occasionally, to take a look at young viewers, the footage becomes very small at a very critical moment, I regularly tear on the inevitable death, and the nurturing tendency to make these animals the ultimate, unsuccessful attempt to survive. Both of them have a wonderful beauty found in the slow scenes of the heart, which hunt both victims [as a result of a terrible mistake], or the royal mid-air lap of the magnificent white shark engulfs a wide sea lion. This harmful balance has decreased because of our selfishness of this species. <br /> <br /> In addition to these major stories, we have also been treated with short snippets of wildlife around the world, including Bird's Papua New Guinea Paradise, and Demogel's Crane Autumn Transfer. Of course, the whole film may be dedicated to these species, and the inevitable consequences of moving through such footage is that some interesting ecosystems have taken away quickly. Constant beer, elephant and icebuck whale most closely selects focus ?? Tracing their lifestyles, through some amazing high-definition timing-paused photography, throughout a calendar year ?? The filmmakers were able to avoid any structural problems which could be a lot to show, and only 90 minutes to show it As a result, 'the earth' thirsted me more, and, luckily, I have about 11 hours longer, as soon as I can find a copy of the DVD box set for "Planet Earth". Uplifting and tear-jerking, surprising and heartfelt, 'Earth' is a really great documentary experience, and it can be my 2007 favorite movie.
