The film is a classic theme concern. In fact it is about the exploited theme by Batman, from beginning to end, but in actual information and details. Mayor of New York, praised for getting some projects slightly faster than usual, and very hard-working and dynamic, should have kept some of the personal property contractor from the contractor for a criminal drug dealer and kept him in prison and he was neglecting the report which disappeared but Despite the destruction of the judge, the result of the judge Imposes the judge for freeing it, because it is only because of its representative political value. And what might happen and some, including a black detective, are killed out of a shoot in a police detective and criminal. It may explode because of the city: Racial tension due to boy and social pressure in black school, because such criminals roam safely around and represent the people with their criminal activities. Unexpectedly, this film does not bother very well and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to find the truth and find out. But some witnesses die on the way, and those who play the role of the whole business are forced to retire (judge) to finish their career and life (going in the contractor or contractor), a government official. After supplying some important information he was ready to report the invisible probation, and to give some shadow character. Mayor retires himself and takes a long vacation; But the main interest of the movie is that the mayor is going to fulfill the problem for the investigation of this tenure and what he is doing in the past, he thinks that this entry is wrong. Political philosophy which is not pure white or pure black and everything is gray, which is not comfortable to decision makers, is called as an excuse for wrong but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the necessary negotiations to get some consensus on some important domain for the public interest. We're talking about some of the infrastructure or city budgets that are less important to make a bad decision about some small or inferior minor offender. It's not usually in New York. The truth is in any mayor office. It is also more significant in the quantity and quality of large metropolitan areas like New York and of course in the city or country where the police department is in the municipality and controlled by the political requirements. The young deputy mayor has thus removed the old Mayor from the way and removes his ambition to become the US President in New York to become the governor. Mayor Al Pasino is perfect because of our ideal offer because he is able to express ten minutes of dialogue with one facial expression which makes the whole dialogue meaningless. The former deputy mayor found little difficulty with the promotion of his own name. This means that he was associated with justice because he saw the opportunity to push the mayor out of his own way. So he is not better than all others, his ambition is still very young. <br /> <br /> Jacques Collardou, University Paris Dufin, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sovereign and University Varsils St. Quentin en Yvelins
