Wow ... Rigget's more than 5 hours. Lars Mystery, Dark Horror and Soap opera continued the wonderful combination of drama. The last episode of the previous series has been closed (with the same high intensity and mystery, although it does not end; for good or bad), this franchisee seems to be a little bit more excited ... in the last series, one in each episode Was passed between days or weeks, where it is clearly a long stretch ... where an episode ends, the next starts. A lot can be said about Lauras von Trier ... but he is very diverse and complimentary. Show both of these qualities. The plot continued its superiority, now it gives some regular characters that focus more on minor players of the previous four episodes. Originally each character from the first role, at least as far as to be the main role. Pence is not as sharp as the first part, and I found myself gripped less by this. It is not as it is to say in any way that it was not involved with me, although I still see myself, and several points were strongly reactionary, often coming out loud (very unusual behavior), I am incredibly silent) I was in the first time. Like the first, this loads some of these loads of moral questions. From foundation to foundation, this story brings more ... and in a series, the opportunity is bigger. Great. More spirits, more bizarre events, more subplots. The first strong graphic component is also back, and it has been kicked up a notch. Characters are improved. Acting is amazing, as the first that. Udo car strengthens his talent, anyone who doubts. Playing a very difficult character (I could probably mean that someone saw the first series) * and * to act in a language that he did not talk about (it was later dubbed) ... and still strong performance. Cinematography is still awesome, and quickly zoomed and sometimes too long to take a long time. The edit is intense, with some direct direct words (though it was more prominent in the first). Now, all that said, I really want to be able to rate this first 10 ... or at least under the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching, and I did not regret it at least. But there are these errors ... those were the first part and more. As a first, humor takes only a lot more space ... and this time around, it's worse. There are many new regular characters which have no other reason than providing comic relief ... three of them, not less than them. The execution of the scenes and execution is for any other reason that the audience laughs. Fine for a comedy, but what is doing in this dark and unpleasant, yes, sometimes sad, horror pieces? The only hidden secret place of Helmar is changed from the roof of the hospital ... to whom he can see his favorite Sweden ... bathroom. With an angle from the inside of the bowl. No, you read that right. In general, humor seems more humble ... sex and physical focus jokes, which again, "Why?" The question is. Most of the writing is nice, though it's somewhat frightening. Several scenes are originally copied from the first mini series (estimates due to their popularity if it is broadcast). Sometimes, the drama seems to be a little more bomber than the first, and it occasionally jumped too much. Thankfully, but notable yet, plot points and items are very easily explained (a specific character living in Denmark for a specific reason, for example ... anyone who saw it knows who I am talking to). When two dishwashers, still mysterious and insightful, became a hostage too ... very overexposed, in the end, I guess. The scene with them is still mostly enjoyable, though. In addition to this, I want to reassure any reader that in spite of all the negative things I just wrote that it is still quite good ... certainly enjoyable, compelling, strong ... and my modest opinion, it should be clearly seen by someone who likes the first (Though belonged to this group; do not guess that after the story is over it is finished later). I recommend this to any fan of Lars van Trier and enjoyed the first Riget and wants more where that was wanted. I encourage you to consider it before anyone looking at it to make sure you saw it first ... I bought this before buying it first, but I saw it and saw it until I bought it first, and I have given you that Can not say glad Although it has a brief overview of the first events, but you can not see it before going to see a lot of details and aspects you missed. Sigmle ​​slightly less, but definitely still if you like the first. 8/10
