Harry Hamlin (1995): Starring Harry Hummlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zen, Tommy Hankley, Susan Deol, Roma Mafia, Robert C. Trevler, Dl Anderson, William Blair, San Bridges, Robin Dalenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Fra, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lentlel, Laurie Lindberg, Chuck Kinnau, Amy Perry, Melissa Susan McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wigins, Jeff Sumer , Daria Sanford .... Director James Hyman, Screenplay Dan Winning <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hällein (Elle Fame, Clit of the Titans and other films) starred in this "Lifetime" type film directed by James Hammmann perfectly and was released in 1995. He and his wife, Lisa Renna, will work in a movie later. About sex addiction "Hare Dedley Rivalry" is, at first glance, like "fierce attraction" like the popular Hollywood box office. The "rival", the happy married couple Jim and Chris Lonford, usually move to a new home in the beautiful suburbs. They have seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love, despite a routine lifestyle. But then a mysterious fan set eyes on her gym. Despite Jim's efforts, his identity was not revealed and even investigators could discover who he was. He continued to gym through phone calls and letters to Jim. His marriage is almost helpless, when his wife starts thinking that she is an affair and trying to cover it. Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the Rest Cast - Lisa Zen, Tommy Hankley, Susan Deol, Roma Mafia, Robert C. Trevler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair - everyone seems to be direct from soap opera. But it has a very mysterious filling drama and its good moment. At the end there is a wrapping. Spoiler alert I just want to say "his fierce opponent" is himself only. According to the supposed actual incident, Jim's wife, Chris, was suffering from multiple personality disorders and it destroyed her marriage. Even if the story is not very impressive, even though acting is only one step away from acting in the opera, this movie has its moments. Especially Jim and his wife and close scenes in the final scene, where Jim learns the truth, can not believe what he has heard. The film is perhaps somewhat long and boring in some parts, but it is usually a TV movie which is generally good, especially in life time, which is about to create such films in the "domestic thriller" type or story of temptation. Trashy But everyone likes the trash.
