The film begins in classroom setting, where not surprisingly, our main actress is seen in the orchested Chinese language class. Later in the picture, he was asked why (through Mubscien) he was sent to learn Mandarin. His answer was that he was easy for a child; Coz He already knows the Malay language well. <br /> <br /> It might seem a bit romantic, but once you have read many critics and once you stop yourself for it, you will notice the common elements of Malaysia. The film focuses primarily on the 10-year-old Orcade, who encounters 12-year-old Mooksin with a game, many of whom think of playing as a boy. When the players went out, Muksin (who was new to that village) was forced to force Orchid, where he showed interest in his man's interest. Orchid is not an ordinary girl because she showed the man's behavior as you see in the movie, throwing a radio bag out of the school bus window, protesting against Mussusin's many violent interviews with school-bullies, throwing a punch and shouting Muksin's brother with a tears of mucus Tortures and thus Both were close friends, and lived far more than that, but with some misunderstanding, many of us would react in the same way, on the day the Mušsin went to the city, they would both share it. <br /> <br /> Now this picture portrays the first love between arcades and faces, they start as friends, but gradually moves closer to BGR and then in a slightly closer relationship and then towards BGR. You will notice, when Yasmine goes through love, changes in the film for the main actor and actresses happen. Different characters are illustrated with kindness and light humor. The scenes were all shuffle, but it has shown so much reality that you have been locked up on the screen for a long time. For this you would like the movie, because it does not want to be patriotic in the local scenes, it means more. <br /> <br /> This image is surrounded by two love birds; It also organizes Orcad's parents, his mother who was educated in England, to find his lenses, speaks well in English and among which his husband and most of the effort With the caretaker tried to speak his own English, which was ridiculous really all the way. I explain to you why humorous things can be so important to this movie. And you can explain that explanations or details can only be given a word and it's randomness. Often, we do not learn to laugh ourselves, and when we do, we spend the others. Just like the movie by Jake Neo, Just Falow Laugh - when we are in ourselves, we do not see that person in us, but when we are in another person's body, we learn to see who really is. And the way humor is applicable, more than just dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was filled with randomness that ordinary routines of our routine can be met just as we did. If we want to smile, <br /> <br /> <br /> Another focus of this film is on the neighbor's neighbor, how the husband does not love his wife and wanted to find another. The bird, who later disturbed him, saw his everyday motorbike smoothing out and went out for a ride with his new acquaintance. The producer failed to show you why the husband wanted to find another wife. The wife was the real heller or the KPC, as we want Chinese, hindering the business of other people and sending her own daughter to keep the arcades alive, only adults After all, what comes closer, what comes closer, and perhaps probably the worst thing is to want to happen to him. Every time, you will not hurt all the people around you, at all times, unless you have pride, then what is the value? The film also revolted around Moussin's brother Hussein, going to town every day to find smoking, drinking, and 'girls' till late in the night. He is contrary to the opposite of the mouth, but perhaps it is the cause of family problems. Both brothers lived with their aunt and parents were away from them. I will not publish the line of the story more because it can hurt most of the interest if you want to find it, but our producer wants to send a message to the audience, just a few of our elements. Everything. He wanted us, at least to see life from our own perspective when we ourselves do not. Bring movies out of our own body, keep us in the position of character and use its empty mind and see its events. Depending on the type and style of the movie, you will be embarrassed by how you would like to portray a good film and how you will have a significant impact on it.
