If you want to know about the Spanish Civil War and all the political details and plot, I tell you, you chose the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is a dream of war. A small island on the coast of Spain, happened in Mazarka. When such a war takes place, on a small island that occurs on a small island, where there is no war in the open space. The troops sent forward to fight for the mainland, whereas on the other side, other types of war took place on the small island. There, the neighbors talk to other neighbors, sometimes because their political opinion is against new rule, but many people are told that due to an old family conflict or a non-intermediate person whose friends earn "earn some points". And this thing will not be opened. Some tests were true, but many people would wake up in the middle of the night, from their house they would be taken to the nearest graveyard where they would be killed. And the next morning the body will be found, and people will have an idea of ​​what can happen, but nobody will dare to talk or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers about them that they have never seen in their lives. We are talking about killing their neighbors, and perhaps the next day their widow is saying hello, even the person who was killed is joining their funeral. We are talking about village with one or two thousand residents, where everyone knew everyone. <br /> <br /> I'm from that little island and my grandfather told me stories that I heard, and I must say the film bothered me, oh yes, it did not; But I found it remarkably beautiful and moving. The primary violence is not something created by the director or author, that's how events happened during the war. A child knew that his father died in the fascist squad of his father? Completely possible. That happened after all? Very likely TB was very real. At that time my island did not become a holiday resort. People work poor, uneducated, and small farms. There was a time of hardship after the war. <br /> <br /> So, you will not get the story of war in this film, nor at least hope for the story of war. There is no battleground, no soldier, no political plot. This is the most medieval war, which is limited (only checks the size of the island), when neighbors fight with their neighbors, the same family members fight each other and they live in places where everyone knows everyone. Find out the story about how people affected by this type of war can be damaged and how they can survive this loss. <br /> <br /> I must definitely mention nice work. The novel adapted by writers and all actors who really managed to manage Majorcan. That was awesome.
