(SPOILERS INCLUDED) This picture is certainly the best I amicus I saw (though I still have a few out of check). Is Driped Blood House Red-Amnavish? An mythology that holds four extraordinary stories involving tenants of a harmful, brutal house around British. A common mistake in these types of productions is to add different stories to excessive power dissipation in the Raparound story ?? Peter Duffel's film does not pay much attention to it wisely. It only handles the Scotland Yar Inspector who comes home to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and, similarly, he learned about the events that were previously held there. The four stories of this movie are high quality and together, they make a perfect healthier. High expectation for this photo is approved, because it wrote Robert Blok completely! Yes, the same Bloch, who wrote the novel, is a surprisingly dangerous milestone 'Psycho' ?? We're marking Peter Duffel's strong and very professional debut as a director. <br /> <br /> Four stories ?? Section if you would ?? There is a good diversity in the circulating blood poisonous substances, but they (almost) are equally cool and humble. The number manages to find the inspiration for his new book, and his wife goes to the horror-writer who comes home. It started real good, but after a while, he was frustrated by his imaginative villain. Is the concept of this story really real? But it is very mysterious and climax rather surprising. Second story star (Hammer) horror legend Peter Kushing is a retired stockbroker. Still scared by an obsolete and tall lost love image, she looks just like her bumps in a wax statue. Cushing is always a joy to observe as and ?? Although wax museum is not new to the topic ?? This story looks overall fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains a couple of joyful shock-moments and has a constant tense environment. This is a great hot revelation for the fairytale story: Number 3. This is another legendary actor, as Christopher Lee gave a scandalous script to a terrific father. She is very tough and tough about her little girl and she has separated her for the outside world. Without reason, the little girl looks a bizarre chic for witchcraft and voodoo. Lea and as a wonderful kid, along with Frank's amazing performance, this story is also a terrific Gothic atmosphere! In this tale, with Satan's dominions, the impact of thunder in the thunder, this story is essential for the fans of the real horror fans. The fourth and final story, in which a terrible terrible actor is controlled by woolen cloth, he wears, with the significance and credibility, when the other is a little weak, overload of subtle humor offers less or less compensation. There is also a little room for parody in this story, because the heroine Christopher Lee co-star star Dracula's series! The most memorable element in this last section is the presence of gorgeous Ingrid Pitt! The title of 'The Vampire Lovers' - is one of the most highlights of the movie? <br /> <br /> Is there any doubt about this ?? Which is widely appreciated by dried blood, classic horror fans. I really believe that with some psychological preparation it may actually be one of the few movies that frighten you and make a big impression. Intelligent and compulsory should be like horror! Highly recommended. An additional little comment, though: This movie may not be confused with "The Droped Blood Sting" in some situations. This latter is a very annoying and lousy underground 80's slasher that has nothing to steal with this film, it has nothing to do except for the theft title.
