The British production company Amicus was generally known as an expert in horror anthology and this unique universal name, "The House the Dripped Blood", is the best Amikas production I've seen (Surely, I have a few of them that I still see, though). "The House that Dripped Blood" contains four lovely MacBook stories, which are made in the same miracle palace. These four stories have brought you to a fantastic Gothic atmosphere, and one of the finest ensemble carries a fantasy. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Kushing and Lee are my favorite two actors), as well as Danel Eliot and the scary Ingrid Pitt star in this movie - so could the real Horow fan possibly miss it? There is a lot to offer than no one, of course, and a great shield of film. "The house that is fragmented" is turning around the disgusting rural areas, which is happening strange. In four parts, four different heirs describe stories. <br /> <br /> The first story, "Method for Murderer", tells the story of Harrar novel Charles Hiller (Denhl Eliot), who goes to the house with his wife. After the move, the author suddenly feels scared of his creator ... The first segment is a great kickoff of the film. The story is unclear and weird all the time, and the performance is absolutely very good. <br /> <br /> In the second story, "Wexwerksus", retired businessman Philip Grace (Peter Cushing) went home and suddenly pulled out a mysterious wax museum in the nearby town ... Great Peter Cushing again delivered a remarkable performance in it. And the rest of the performance is very good. The story is weird, and third after the third-best photo. <br /> <br /> The third story, "sweet sweet" is the most fantastic and brightest up to four. John Reid (Christopher Lee) took his little girl away. Private teacher and grandmother Mrs. Norton, whom Mr. Red was engaged in to instruct his daughter, was surprised by the hardness of his daughter towards her employer, and anxious to know whether the additional obstructive father might have the opinion of being concerned ... the best segment is a Maintains a very dreadful atmosphere and a genuinely scary plot. As Christopher Lee is always, his role is fantastic. Nyree is very good as Don Porter Nanny, and my special praise then goes to 11-year-old Chlo Franks. This impressive segment alone must be seen for the film's true horror fan. <br /> <br /> Hurray-actor Paul Henderson (John Pertweyne) brought his sexy daughter / colleague home to the fourth segment. Star Karla (Ingrid Peat) This fourth story is ironic, it's actually more than horoscope. This is an extremely impressive satire, but there are many expressions in other horror movies. At one point, Henderson indirectly mentions Christopher Lee, who has played in the previous, third segment ... <br /> <br /> Humorous and a great atmosphere in four sections is a joyful mother tongue. As mentioned above, the third segment is the highest and the greatest, but the other three atmospheric and often surprisingly humorous tales that every lover should be grateful to. A peculiar atmosphere, humorous, genuine array, and a brilliant cast, a Macbett ideas this one must definitely see. Short In: "The House the Dripped Blood" is a wonderful horror-woman that no lover of British Horror can possibly miss. Highly recommended!
