When I was in my role in the series I would accept to be favorable when reviewing this. I saw this film "Fear Friday" in 2005 in AMC in 2005, which often attracts vague gems beyond the cold storage for new generations. Before making any review of them here to make sure I had my point of view, I made a point to see the whole Amycass math series. Looking back, I still rate my house rate by dividing the blood as my favorite, followed closely from the crypt followed by the telephone and then asylum. <br /> <br /> I think these elements are funny - the genre '60s / 70s' style cinematography, wonderful, extrovert stories from Kaki and its entire British background - just below all the background songs - More well received than The film is happening around a very old English country and causing all the disadvantages. <br /> <br /> The first story was a horror writer and his wife, who went to get a break from this isolated place, so he could pay attention to his passion. He created a murderer character named Dominic and soon began to experience great difficulty to tell the reality from the imagination. Through its suffering there is a fine physiology that I am still amazed. Oh and those terrible phenomenon teeth (then again British actors, who were probably true !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely guy (Peter Cushing) that came here, run away from the loneliness, still losing He was afraid because of love. It seems that possible local salvation in a local (very scary) wax museum has been found, but it is seen that he has become much better alone ....... <br /> <br /> The third story is called the Greatest Christopher Lee ( My Fav British awful actor) As a single father with a rather vicious and thoroughly scared young girl. He is always aware of what he wants to do - like the magician! She has a natural talent for it, for good reason. Here Lee is supernatural as a cold discipline, the person has genuine talent to play such characters, without the slightest heat !! But despite his best efforts, a slight distraction can actually learn to follow the forbidden knowledge and the bad things. <br /> <br /> This final story is a story of a cruel older old man who feels young director and is properly sculpted and Especially his cloak quality, the correct Vampire film is not qualified to capture. So he goes to an old curiosity shop in the middle of the night to get a faint something more "authentic". He knows that he's dressed up with a genuine vampire! Putting it at midnight stroke has a rather noticeable effect. I got this fourth and last story, it was after 3 and I did not wake up most of the first try (from indifference). But I've enjoyed something that happened hundreds of times, when I woke up and wandered outside and became a part of my dream, then I have a strange bonding with movies or music !! Great pleasure !! This mischievous story was perfect for him and it seemed a lot more awkward than the first time, because when he got right through the power of Clock, I woke up right away and I did not realize what was happening at first. Shortly afterwards, a wonderful concert in his movie set came in the Ingrid Pitt and warned not to cloak at midnight - but he did not have to bother, because he was a real vampire. The jingle of the chitzy keyboard that looked at him on the stairs was just violent !! And again in my half-sleeping situation, it seems confusing! Side note: Do not forget to take Lee and Pete together with the classic Amicus star Brit Eland in the classic film The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest story here was the in-house commentary, but based on the stories, it's a classic! In the meantime, I would say the third story is the best, but I like the fourth because it gives me a lot of smiles. It is highly recommended for awesome fans and if you are a British fanatic fan then it is mandatory! I can say that if the series is seen in the chronological order it would be good. The latest movie of this series, the Mortal Club (1980), is certainly the weakest. I think sometimes the first 3-4 films are better than Middle Torture Garden (1967), but if you like which one of them, you should see them all at least once. You will probably return many more times to see your favorites.
