Four stories of terrorism about the events of a wonderful old palace have been suspected in Scotland Yar Investigator Holla (John Bennet), who investigates the location of the last inhabitant of a fragmented house. <br /> <br /> One is just struggling to find the words to describe the true brilliance? These seventeen horrible mathematicians are so extraordinary that such visible innocent films make the audience scary in the most intelligent. Incredibly, the screenplay of on-screen violence can be counted on one hand, but the film is still able to show cruelty and is able to awaken the most horrific images of the visitors' own imaginations when they refrain from the obvious routes. Graphic Violence The technical features of the movie are often shameless in the rarest of seventeenth century horror, they are outstanding performers of Star-staided Cast (including legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt), extraordinary direction and storytelling, courtesy of Peter Duffel and author of the book by MacBroff Robert Bloch (novel) Author? Saiko). The only real complaint that can be with someone? House that Dropped Blood 'is the final plot-twist at the end of the first two segments and at the end of the film's prediction, but fails to refrain from these minor details. Enjoy overall viewing. <br /> <br /> The first section, whose title? Method for the Murders', tells the story of Charles Hillary (Denhl Eliot), who is a horrific writer, who rented a weird house while working in his latest novel. . While working in the novel, he began to see the murderer from the story of Hilara's house and the surroundings, and soon began to question the difference between imagination and reality. Eliot's performance in this piece is truly exceptional and his character is given a wonderful wind of credibility. How this segment is with others, the mystery surrounding the events. The audience is asked whether the character of Dominic murderer is simply a confusion, whether a schizophrenic disorder or character is actually there. Duffel's side has succeeded in creating a sudden stimulating atmosphere, which can make the tension and suspension more dynamic for the gradual excitement. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing is shown as the new captain of the sinner in the following section. House While traveling to the city, he came across a terrible wax museum and decided to travel there. While there, she discovered a beautiful woman's wax model which she feels very familiar with. Kushing's character (Philip) joins with his friend Neville (Josh Ackland), who also wants to go to the museum for the despair of Philipp. In this segment, viewers like wax brain are not given very subtle formulas, but usually the audience goes to the dark. There is much less excitement in this particular story, however, the segment has still succeeded in maintaining the wind of the mysteries through a particularly frustrating dream sequence and the general ambiguity of the story. Duffell's aspects are again exceptional and when this is probably the most vulnerable of four stories, no creative direction and no denial through credible acting ?? Waxworks' still a delightful entry to the film. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' In my opinion, the four categories are followed by the best ?? Sweet sweet sweet? Christopher Lee acted as John Reid, who started a young girl with a father, at the beginning of which there is a vague fear of fire, which is soon to be taken care of under the supervision of Nani Anne Norton (Niri Don Porter). However, John's family seems to be harboring a dark secret about the family. Sweet sweet "is the most simple and complex of four stories, and this is why the segment is unreasonably compulsory for the viewers. Small and subtle sources of truth are highlighted behind the family across the segment, but not all slots do precisely slots until it's a very horrible final scene. His best example of how Duffel used the dramatic tension and mystery to create a predictive atmosphere that makes the whole movie look great. With a surprisingly arranged soundtrack ?? Sweet sweet 'is a lasting fear, which holds the viewer through the throat and does not let the end of this piece end up till the screaming. Personally, I believe this small segment has created an entertaining and hunting feature length movie and I'll give this section a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The investigator was originally interested in this picture that ended with the story surrounding the absent actor. Currently John Wartwright and Ingrid Pitt are two actors who are currently working in a horror movie. Pertwee's character is hateful with amateur artists and film props and so she buys her own Vampire Clock from a weird store of mystery. However, strange things started to happen when she used to wear a cloak and soon she started to fear the worst fears. This segment, which puts the inspector among the events, is a wonderful way to wrap a wonderful mythology. Although the camp has an irrational atmosphere in the segment, it makes the story so much enjoyable in a way. Unfortunately, there is nothing in this segment that can be classified as scary in some sense and the expected completion can be better implemented, however the segment has its release features. Harrar Baugh must certainly have looked at the short commentary of the article about portraying Dracula in the documentaries of Belu Lugosi and Christopher Lee. This little ridiculous and light-hearted outlook in the final segment is a sufficient and almost normal way to finish the film, even the movie reduces the picture compared to the previous examples of depression. <br /> <br /> for the number,? The House the Dripped Blood is one of the greatest horror stories that showcase extraordinary cast, great stories and top directions. Of course, there is a bad way to spend a hundred minutes of your life and if the blood and breathing becomes very frustrating, fans of this much more intense effort can enjoy this movie very much. For my rating? House that dried blood '?? 8/10.
