The question of peace in the German movie "JSPENSTER" <br /> <br /> There are not many German films in the last ten years, who gave me so much interest. Yes, most German movies have problems with "Gaspenster". She is in some places uncooked to be some good to see. The special image of Tony (Sabine Tintō) is very cool. But that's always so in German film. Everyone will have to learn this cool - the reality of these movies. It's hard to understand. But in this case it gives some ideas, because she steals and she lied - she is a girl who does not love that you never love, because you lose it. This girl is not clear for her daughter Nina. She loves him - and he loses her. But Nina lost everything. She will play with soft emotions and a sad feeling. There is no way - but you must have told Herbert Achreburts for 20 years. This is often going on in German movies. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not outside the laws of society - outside the outside - and there is no scope for it. These films do not try every place to give a part of it inside. Thats one in the problem - Stupid break with convention - Criminal charm. Throw all away - and do not go anywhere! But the actress plays this fun part very funny. On the other hand - Dulal's two daughters to parents there. Have a car - a hotel suite - have fun and live the world with opera music. But the film always remembers standing some distance. They have no explanation. <br /> <br /> In the midst of this movie, there is a scene that you will never forget. The two girls got a wrestling. And there they will say how together they are. Tony will lie in this scene. He told a fantastic story - there is nothing to do with him. And then tell the truth of Nina. She said in an introversion way. There are no shows in this. He said look down and what will happen here. A great moment ats This feeling is going on in the next scene in the red picture in the picture - Tony is going away ... <br /> <br /> All right, the film ends - Coolenes in Germany - garbage - here the depressed circle is closed. But there was a moment - where something else was happening - and at the moment it was important. He's more than German Couplings - and this time rarely in German cinema!
