I'm usually a sucker for romantic films which is good shooting and well played out. It is a set of romantic (time) movies in Italy in the 17th century, but French subtitles are illustrated in French. This is a period film, which means that it will be gradually diminished gradually than the films produced in modern times, so it will carry something. If you can ignore the fact, that's really a good movie. Scenes, dresses, and cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and actresses are very attractive to their screenplay, expressing the intensity of the passion running through the plot. The story is like a sad love story with a sad ending. It is easy to believe that it is a perfect illustration of real-life characters. I was really removed by the true main characters and storyline, yet, I decided to verify the story and the main theme of the film's story - a tragic incomplete love story - fully fabricated. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was raped instead of portraying the film by raping and encouraging the first step of Tasee. She promised to marry him because she continued to have sex with him. When he was in court, he did not accept * for apologizing for Artemisia's torture (against the film's image). In fact, he tried to portray autism as a loose, promiscuous woman with sexual abuse. In the film, his sister testifies in court that Taseer was his wife and that his sister had sex with a sexual relationship, and Taseer's character was seen in such a way that his sister insulted him about his alleged relationship with him. Mother-in-law (although she acknowledged returning to a wife in Florence). Needless to say, in fact it was not exactly the same. Actually, far from it. Taseer was really responsible for the planned murder of his wife, whom he had been raped. And to add to it, Taseer actually had sex with his father-in-law, imposed him in the process, but these were not really mutual - again, he had raped his sister earlier. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of real Tusses as a sexual offender, would we create an artemisia picture film as a lover? We take this film as an attempt to turn into romantic movies ... that the film could not be historically correct ... Apart from these points, other historical errors such as Artemisia were in the art of interpretation, in real life, he was never influenced by the style of Tasea, and In fact, he was considered to be a lot better than Taseer.) One thing really remained And it is true that artemisia orphanage has been credited as the first female painter. History, and even though his skills in the industry had challenged many of his colleagues, in 17th century Italy, as a woman, he was suffering from getting enough credit for his work because of his sex. <br /> <br /> This picture is a beautiful romantic drama for yourself, but its historic references take with the grain of salt.
