Sergio Martino, one of the main genres of the genre genre genre. Made from an amazing screenplay from Ernesto Guestista, this disgraceful mystery often creates interesting fascinating developments until the horrible end of the film does not come across. When everything goes away we can go, "Ah .." The film revolves around a million dollars (a plane explosion) and a million dollars from his wife. There is great interest in the money, especially one of the owners of the deceased. Woman Lisa (Ida Galie) and Lara (Janine Reyad) owned by half the money. He told Lisa that he knew that his death was arranged for death. Lara said that he would use his "lawyer" Sharif (Luis Barbu) to get the money. So in the meantime, this film has created two potential suspects in Lisa's subsequent assassination, who are waiting in Tokyo. George Hilton portrays Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company, who get the inheritance to see if the money is collected in a suspicious way. When Lisa was murdered in her hotel room from black to toe with a toe, she is a possible suspect. He himself also decided to investigate a little while, when Inspector Steveros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol Agent Benton (Tom Delgie) helped to find a murderer. The assassins carried out several attacks to wander around the millions of dollars responsible for Lisa's assassination. Soon, the film follows a journalist, Cleo Dupont (delicious, delightful Anita Stringburg), because she and Peter meet for a dinner where they can try and shrink something that could break a story for him. Soon they fall in love, but Peter seems to have died. Soon someone attacks the cloak, which aims to attack the investigation into more strangers. Why do not anyone want to harm a journalist, to harm a true real event of a person? <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This gaello is very clever and Exciting to follow This picture is never unclear, since the question of opening a killer identity is so extraordinary. This image follows the guile path with knife slashing due to a specific pattern of the killer (throat and low wash). The conclusion of the film wraps up all the complex loose ends and is quite satisfactory. The film has some unique camera angles, but provides products for the execution of the plot and mystery.
