Sergio Martino has recently influenced me with my Gioleo classics 'The Strange Vice of Mrs.Ward' and the title of the remarkably titled, 'Your Vice Ie Locked Room and Olayen The Key' - but this is the way I am not expecting this much. In the case of the classic gaelo, Scorpio's tail was not mentioned as the title - but I do not know why, it is at least as good as those two! Dario Argento may be Gioro's 'King', but with five of his films - Sergio Martino is definitely not much behind. In some ways, he even transcends even the master. Prior to the crown of the Argentine crown, all Martino films were released, the great Prprondo Roso, in the early seventeenth century - Martino was the king! Here, following the concept of murder for plots, and following the payment of a wealthy person's insurance. His wife has $ 1 million heirs, and there are people for her blood before long! Shortly after he died, an insurance investigator and a lucky, interesting young journalist followed the suit. <br /> <br /> Scorpio hair case can not be benefited from the beautiful adobe fench, but it has Martino's co-workers on board. Most famous George Hilton, who also had several strings along with Marino's The Strange Vice of Mrs. Ward and The All the Color of the Dark. Hilton has a great screen presence, and when I see him in the Italian thriller; It became clear why he was thrown repeatedly. Beautiful anomaly will be remembered from Stringberg, your Vice, a locked room, Hilton as well as the stars and provides excellent classical Giallo female lead. Sergio Martino has again done a good job at the executive chair, with some beautiful scenes - in which there is a house of supper with green light! The score of Bruno Nicolai (Ward) sets a mood, but this is the script which will be the driving force behind Martino's success. Martino's other four Gioro writer, Arnesto Gastaldi, has assembled a script that is thrilling to stay away from the pitcher of General Giulo. Thus release the film from the rest of the miracle series. The Scorpions Tail of Case is the quality of GeoLo movie and the great success of Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you love this!
