Sergio Martino is a great director who has made a lot of contribution to the Italian General Film, and as far as I think, in his 1970's, his incredible highlights in his influential editorial. "La Codala Delo Scorpion" "The The Scorpions Tail of the Case" One of these fascinating films of 1971, Martino contributed to the most original sub-genre of Italian Herar and another proof that the man is the head of the atmosphere, style and mystery. As far as I've seen, my favorite favorite of Martino films is still brilliant, "Your Vice Ea Locked Room and All I Hear the Key" after 1972, "Toros" (1973) and "The Strange Vice of Mrs. Ward" (1971), which I Personally like this more than it is a matter of personal taste, but "La codea Delo Scorpion" is an equally excellent movie that is a collection of Italian horror movies And generally essential for suspension. <br /> <br /> From the very beginning, the Tantalizing Suspension is a complex and secret plot that starts with a mysterious death of a million dollars which has died in an aircraft accident. Insurance insurator Peter Lynch George Hilton) Due to the inspection of the situation of insurance company due to huge amount of money to the wife of the deceased person Shortly after the launch of the Lynch investigation, a person was brutally murdered, which is just a series of killings ... .. <br /> <br /> "Scorpio Tile Case" is a great way to deliver a great galaxy of all the elements . The film is pretty suspicious from the beginning, Bruno Nicolaeer's score is brighter, the plot has turned out to be surprisingly slow and eventually the mystery of the murderer's identity continues. Regular Giallo leading person George Hilton again delivered an excellent performance in leadership. Sexy Anita Strinberg is absolutely ravishing in female lead. Alberto de Mendoza is also one of the most brilliant regulars of the 70th and 70th Italian genres - Great Lugby Pistili and another great actor known to the Italian film lovers. Athens, where most of the films take place, is really a great setting for Geilo. The atmosphere is constantly sticky, and photography is great, and bruno nicolai's impressive score makes it even more intense. Long story short: "La Codala Delo Scorpion" Sergio Martino's another nice gaellos and sub-series boyfriend must be absolutely sure! Stylish, suspenseful, and great about all!
