I'm really tempted to reward "Scorpions Tile Case" in 10 ratings 10, but this is mainly because I think the 1970s Italian horror film is usually better than sugar vapor I see. But in addition to the extra point for Nostalgia, it is still achieving high ratings for a real masterwork and its amazing narrow story, unusual atmosphere, blood-dry murder sequence and excellent casting choices. According to my submissive, it is actually Sergio Martino's best gaelo and this means "the strange witch of Mrs. Ward", "The All the Darks of the Dark", "Toros" and "Your Vice Locked Room and Only I Have" as well as all top-level clues Achievement But due to the fact that the film is only disconnected with a huge compulsory plot, insurance deviations have gone out of control. After her husband's extraordinary death in an air blast (!), Lisa Boomer immediately became a million dollar suspect owner and she is eager to leave the country as soon as possible. Due to the malicious situation, the insurance company puts Peter Lynch, the best investigator in this case, and he follows him in Greece. There, Lisa became the target of many attacks, and the mysteriousness of the case increased when it appeared that many people were looking for money. I have always been concerned about the short notice of GIEL because I do not want to risk the removal of the necessary plots. In "Scorpions trail of the case", the incident takes place suddenly and completely unexpectedly even before half and I do not want to destroy it for you. Many red deer follow him later, but Sergio Martino always succeeds in one step ahead and although 100% is not satisfied, the denial is at least surprising. It's a very stylish film, fantastic camera-work, and Bruno Nicolaeir's extraordinary music. Everyone's favorite gyaloo music adnie Fench has not created this cast in a strange way (he is no less than the highest Martino Giali), but Anita Strinnberg ("Lizzy on Women's Skin," "Who Shows Her Dead?") . Charismatic and hockey George Hilton is always reliable as the role of insurance investigator and ?? Double ?? Female Deluxe. If you're a fan of giallo, do not wait until I did see this film !!!!
