One of the earliest clustrophobic films of Melodyram Griffiths of this period. Characters trapped in a room are always in use, and over time, they represent their helplessness and will be increasingly impressed by their involvement in terrorism. The blackline titled siloid room has a big difference between the normal plot line, which actually has no escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith has gained the cluster efficacy in two ways. First place its use. Although the typical use of a dozen or more sets of bio-graphs, there is only two side rooms in the sidewalk. The King Court and the grave that became eponymous grave. The design set in these shorts is rarely mentioned, but here it is extremely important. With a great interior interior, hintting at a depth depth and showing a window and a staircase. Actors enter and leave from different directions, the house suggests not only spacious but free and open. On the contrary, the rear wall behind the dive quote is very close to the camera, and it seems to be more limited by its corners, suggesting a curve or octagonal shape. <br /> <br /> The second trick here is cross-cut. With the interest of Griffith's work, any person will be able to make extensive use of cross cuttings to create tension and excitement or excitement, and may know about it. Many would know that it was not strictly its invention. But Griffith's cross-cuts make it so effective that he faces conflicting images so that they are complementary to each other. The silenced room is a good example of my money. Slowly the wall becomes gradually progressively gradually gradually, gradually, gradually moving between heavy loads of ground shots. This movement coincides with the delightful unknown lovers shots, among which Marin Leonard leaves the flower petals one by one. The couple had realized their accidents, their growing panic is complemented by thrashing its sword against the wall completely by the opponent's shots of the road. <br /> <br /> At this time, Griffith still realizes that the verb can be expanded and further cross introduces a third strand cut. The dramatic "Side To The Rescue" is absent here, later becoming a standard measure in Griffith's pictures.
