By 1909, Dr. Griffith has been filming the film for nearly a year for the biographies company, and ?? Works at two or three weeks ?? It was quick to start developing his skills as a filmmaker. The 'silenced room' is an interesting 11 minute small, gothic meldrum that is also a bit of a change in the state of morning dizziness. The general story was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Pauer's 1846 short story "The Comic of Ammilinto" and a strong King expressed concern, who had a tasty tragedy for retaliation for the punishment of his wife's infidelity. <br /> <br /> At the medieval time, the 'Sealed Room' starts with the King (Arthur V. Johnson) under the supervision of building a window from a rising dive-coat, he and his wife (Mério Leonard) Enjoy the company He clearly sees his love, always show affection for him, this last act is the main achievement of his love. However, King unknown, his wife fell in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During the specially designed room, romantic contact, wife and comfort were discovered and the heartwarming King unconscious couple had a way of punishing her. Silently, he ordered his workers to stop the stone and mortar's only gateway, slowly and slowly, slowly and gradually, it was gradually reduced to every new stone. <br /> <br /> Griffith was always an eye for intense detail, and 'the bedroom room' is a wonderful example of it. The glorious medieval century dresses give the film a sense of reality, and the inside of the castle is proven enough to be credible. At that time, the director was also a method of progress in the process of making suspense, and I must admit that with the progress of the film, I was determined to find out what would happen to frustrated young lovers. In the first few minutes, Griffith detains his shot long lasting from lasting lasting camera (at that time was normal), but hurriedly ?? Parallel dark subject matter parallel ?? He changed his editing strategies in an interesting way. Although he did not discover this technique, was Griffith significant in popularizing the use of "cross cutting"? In other words, alternatives between events occurring at the same time. It not only creates a sense of continuity, but it also makes the level of suspense the highest, because we are very well aware of the audience, not only the hated acts of the king, but also the wife and relatives are unconscious about it. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In spite of this innovation, most of the problems of the era are suffering from a 'sild chamber'. The whole picture runs in only two rooms, where only the footage is caught between three locations and it becomes soft and monotonous from time to time. Performance performance is overwhelming for additional effects, however, at least Arthur V. In Johnson's case, his overplaying has indeed contributed to the treacherous king's growing crazy recognition. A moment that I seem to be particularly effective when two lovers tried to get out of the room, were replaced with solid stone walls at only their doorstep. King's silent Maniacal cascade as well as their anxiety reactions, serve very well to create the pristine feeling of clustrophobia. However, I think, the supply of their oxygen is exhausted exhaustively.
