In the first decade of the 20th century, in the first film industry, without much luck in selling his painting exhibition, playwright Dr. Griffith received a job that would make him a legend: he was appointed by the bio-graphography company as a film director. It was not really true when Griffith decided to enter the film business, but he accepted the job and in less than a year he was the most successful director of the bayographography, thanks to the film's genre and original method of wild innovation. Its description Many years later, in 1915 he will manage the "birth of a nation", the film that will affect the filmmaking revolution and make him the first author of the film; However, many of his big filmmakers can find him in small films made for the early biographography company of his career. The "The Sealed Room" of 1909 is one of them and one of the few horror movies of the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "Silly Room" is a story set in the 16th century, in which a Count (Arharuur V. Johnson) created a barbarian house in his palace. This is a small but beautiful and very comfortable room, because it is used to enjoy its wife's love and company countes (Merion Leonard) more personally. However, the calculation did not know that his wife is not genuinely faithful, because she is infatuated with Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) in court, with whom she has an affair. As soon as the countdown was done with her own business, Countess called Minister of Ministers and both lovers went to enjoy the new house of calculation. When the count comes back, he discovered that he was absent and started to suspect, eventually finding two lovers in his room; But instead of creating a scene, he likes to hide his unfaithful wife as a decision to better punish: seal the room without a couple in the room. <br /> <br /> Griffith's regular collaborator Frank E. Woods, "The Sold Room", takes elements from Edgar Allan Poe's "The Off of Ammintilado" and mainly from Honor de Belgrade's "La Grande Bretech" to create a hunting gothic melodrum based on the themes of betrayal and tragedy. In spite of having a 11-minute runtime, Woods's 'Scrapple' story develops very well and plays remarkably well with the horror of the story. When the heart is a melodrama, counting focuses on the character of mathematics and its sadism creates one of the best horror characters of this first era. The "silent room" is clearly a very simple and basic story, but Wood's creates this story as a very entertaining film by managing dark and brain theater of its plot, which is much different than most of Griffith's melodrams. <br /> <br /> In "Silent Room", Griffith uses his talents to test his ability to pull and dice in a different way than usual. He often played with editors to create the thrillers who were excited by the audience, because he was encouraged by the film, his attitude was to create frustration and horror, which was playing with the intrinsic feeling of clustrophobia in source stories. How does the story begin as one of its malaudrams and gradually pacing quickly, because the awful themes begin to control the plot and end up with his wonderful use for editing in the final scene. Camera tricks are not essential movies, which are most discussed in "the silhouette room", to indicate their talents in Griffith's talents, because the legendary filmmaker has managed to get the most out of his usual style in his natural natural style. <br /> <br /> Naturally, Griffith's natural partners were included, which is Arthur V. Johnson started as a count Johnson gives a great performance and conveys the transformation of extremist giant character from a truly loving husband. Overacting his performance is not without a touch, but in reality the characteristic of that character adds realityism to personality. As the Counties, Marion Leonard looks very well and is very effective in his acting, expressing a natural charm that works hard without expressing sympathy with his betrayal. Finally, the legend Henry B. Wallathl appeared as a handsome mechanic and, until one of his best performances, he managed to perform efficiently, which adds excellent touch to the comedy. Without the real importance of the plot, it saw other members of Griffith's stock company, like his wife Linda Arvidsson and one of the court's Mary Pikeford. <br /> <br /> A masterpiece of editing in the masterpiece, "the silly room", to create mystery and tension like Griffiths in those days. The film is very well designed and works very well for Griffith's detailed information, and at very low budget time, and works perfectly along with its indicator style. The change of focus in horror has stood among other films of this era, and its performance as a satirical countdown to the public makes it a watch. Greffith will always be remembered for his extremely influential (and controversial) "Birth of the Nation", small films made before that, it will really give a good idea of ​​the technique and style development which will make him a legend. . Simple yet elegant, a fun movie to watch "The Room's Room" and some of the horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
