The real story about how the British soldiers escaped from the third world war, the German prison war (Pao) Camp, Stalag Lufts, and three British soldiers. This was the same footprint which was the scene of Great Apple, resulting in Gestapo (and later turned into a very successful film of the same name), with 50 re-captains killed. The other POWs of Stolf Loft III are busy with their three massive tunnels (known as Tom, Dick and Harry), but two zealous British prisoners came up with the idea of ​​constructing wooden vaulting horses. Composite wire fencing can be set around, from this beginning to shorten distance distance from the independence they have tunnel. The idea of ​​creating the version of Trojan Horse came to them when they were discussing 'classic' attempts to escape and jointly observed some POWs playing leopard-frogs. <br /> <br /> Initially, one inside and after two hidden inside POW can be carried in a wooden horse compound and can be placed almost the same location, around the fence on a daily basis. Volunteer POSSS was attacking the horse, running under the arrows, under the wires and under a horse in the woods, ran into a tunnel that ran under a horse. <br /> <br /> This story also exposes the danger that while traveling through Germany, two people lost their lives in trips and they got out of the tunnel and occupied it in Europe. Indeed, all the three tries that are trying to escape are really home runs (successfully escapes their home base.). Wooden Horse gives a very accurate and true feeling of tension and incidents of a POW breakout. The movie was shot at the actual locations along the route on two pounds of escape. The budget is made much less than the Great Account, if not more exciting than The Great Ashes, the wooden horse is more realistic and fails to keep you away from the edge of your seat to look good on your escape. <br /> <br /> The story line is crisp and the actuation rings are true and enough to pull all the tensions through the movie. The Wooden Horse is based on the same name book, one of Eric Williams, and so far, the best-known story ever written in the film. Some of the original POWs were used in the movie to rebuild their existence as the third prisoner of Stodd Loft. I give this movie a well deserved ten.
