Some 40 years old Virgin and other summer comedy injuries, same as marriage crashes, but in some cases there are two different movies. There are both romantic comedies, which are enjoyable, crazy sensitivity that allows teenagers to watch movies with their teenagers and their general dating crowd within 20 years. Both stories have some sort of formula as well. But at the end of the 40-year-old Virgin, I think overall it was more satisfying than 'Crashors'. যদিও স্টিভ ক্যারেলের চরিত্র অ্যান্ডি এবং ক্যাথরিন কেয়ারের চরিত্রের সম্পর্কের সম্পর্কের গল্পটি কল্পনা করতে পারে তবে ক্রাশারদের মতো চিন্তা করার পক্ষে এটি খুব মৌলিক নয়, এবং চরিত্রগুলি উভয় পক্ষের এবং সমর্থক বাস্তববাদী, তুলনায় আরও গোলাকার বেশির ভাগই একমাত্র ডায়মেনশনাল বা অস্পষ্ট মানুষ। And, perhaps, it depends on how much you (or just finding a plunder) in both cases. /> <br /> some 40 thing <br year-old could bharjine as well as Steve did not know kyarelakeo Oren Wilson or Vince Vaughan, Karel's The Daily Show (now one of my favorite shows), and Bruce Almighty ayancarmana and small But unexpectedly created a state of its culture in guilty roles. This is his first acting role, but it is not treated like some third-rate cars. তিনি এবং সহ-লেখক / পরিচালক জুদ আপাতো এন্ডির চরিত্রটিকে আন্তরিকতার সঙ্গে নির্দিষ্ট আচরণের সাথে চিকিত্সা করেন যা দর্শকদের প্রতি তার পাশে রাখে, যত তাড়াতাড়ি তিনি তাদের চিত্রকর্মের সাথে তার চিত্রকর্মের সাথে কথা বলেন। It's a walking line to walk around. It can not be less or less entertaining than Llacoste, even with Josh Hartnet (also regarding sexual inconvenience) 40 days and 40 nights. According to the title, the 40-year-old Andy is still in a very good friend of a friend of his with a P-Way Herman (opening performance of his apartment open, sunny, a good sign). So <br /> <br /> his friends (among them Paul Rudd, romyani myanaki, Seth Rosen, all very good comic foil) and a variety of tips to build character, and finally the fat down a curse on Andy tried to pop her cherry . Talk. He was with a woman too drunk, he was kind of a weird around with the girl, and about her own boss (Jane Lynch, mockumentaries very funny) a (show) gets as a friend. But soon all of this starts fading because he falls in a meaningful relationship with thirty, who works across the street from him. Since they can not build a relationship based on sexual relation, one might think that "how he would talk to him like this" and go on the way to comedians. It's not In fact, if anything, Carole and Cast it build on a very high degree. For two hours and a half hour in the picture, I'm not a little smile at a moment <br /> <br /> Formality with the plot, or one or two small Story (The colleagues have their own personal problems, Rudd is most fun). Carroll's reactions can cause great smiles and people around it can back up with their own comedies, or with truth. Keener gives a very good performance and has a genuine spirit of their relationship (and, for example, 'crashes', there is not so much that does not know according to character). For someone like me who likes it when a curiosity laughs at his face, Karel gets a very high point here. And like a Persian brother's movie, more obscene or insulting scenes are done with complete irrationality; At the end of the film, the 'Wexing' scene (which was implemented for real) and like the cruis musical number (the first way out is surprising, but if you do not want to be shocked by it, there is more that comes from it. One of the fun movies.
