Based on the novel Susan Minot's novel, the film was criticized for its criticism and adapted for the curtain of Mint and Michael Cunningham, it was harsh, so rude that it discouraged many viewers to try this movie. The primary criticism has been centralized in the film that in a summer of its death in a film, it was rarely about a summer summer anniversary that the famous actors were given a very minor role, the whole production was much publicized, etc. For this viewer, when the image was shown in DVD on DVD, the response was very different. <br /> <br /> Anne Grant Lord (Venice Redgrow) is dying in the ocean and his home through his medicine. And memories let him share a man's name - 'Harris' - with his two older daughters, Nina (Tony Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). Ann's special friend Lila (Mami Gammar), because her daughters were sitting on her bed - was brutal for her marriage to Ana (Claire Dance's young Anne) and Lily's alcoholic brother Body (Hugh Dancy). It seems that Lila is married to a man in her class instead of her son - Harris Ardene (Patrick Wilson), the son of his home owner who became a doctor. Harris, Body, Lilah, and Anne together have combined the inspiration and the continuation of the romance, which has been kept secret since 50 years, as Ann Ann is dying. The old Lilah (Merrill Strip) eventually went to Anac and revealed secret information: 'There is no such thing as a mistake - life is just going on.' The film is a fine mood piece and rich in the atmosphere of scripture in Minaat and Cunningham and fine life. Yes, there are gaps in the story that can use more explanation, but to maintain the comfort of a woman's woman's nostalgia, such as 'holes'. The film was also present in the presence of Redgrave, Richardson (the true daughter of Redgrabh), Colette, Gammer (Strip's True Daughter), Merrill Strip, Claire Danes, Ilein Atkins, Glenn Off, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson. Short but very solid performance cast. Setting gorgeous (cinematography by Gyula Pados) and musical score John A.P. Disqualified by Kaczmarek. Lazos Kaltai ("Julia is") indicates. Judge this movie on yourself .... Grady Harp
