The beautiful story of a mother's faulty love in the evening. The movie is divided into time, magically shot, has amazing acting and a touch script. Vanessa Redgrave an Grant Lord, who plays a sunset outside of life. Lying on her bed, remembering her mind and being dissatisfied, she remembers her first mistake. Claire Danes starred in the young Anne, donating a joint biography to the bed of her bed in bed. Girls Nina (Tony Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) are trying to discover the real story from frustrating dementia. Her first mistake is turning around Harris Ardene (Patrick Wilson); The man loves her best friend Lila (Mummy Gummer) deeply. The girls will come to terms with their mothers past, and their future. Welding shines in the evening. The co-acting power of this film can run tools for the production of this whole film. I am very happy to work with Cleans Dances again, especially in this role. He is so full of joy, wrong and heartfelt, so full of young and early, young Ani's first mistake. This is a true achievement when you realize that she is playing a woman, she is dying in bed. When his life puts on him, you can feel his desire to crack and do not think of his frustrating hope. His face was a little overwhelmed by me, but all his performance was so brilliant, I went along side as well as alongside. Tony Colette continues to prove that you can be a strong actress without a super model. She plays the black sheep of the family; A little lost Nina found a great power of her mother's mistake. Collette delicately revels in her mother's wrongdoing which creates a cruel character, instead of choosing the wise wisdom of learning from her mother's mistakes. Nina and her sister Constance have some sabotage. Their fights remind me of my sister all the time. Moni Gammer, who played Anne's youngest best friend, is amazing. His character is stuck between his heart and his condition in society. Even when she is crying and breaking her heart, she is incredibly royal and charming. I can not wait to see her work in something else in the future. Vanessa Redgrav's performance is very difficult to describe. Its not so wacko in its mental state, especially making its mental state suspicious without being tragic, why it is so powerful. If the audience is returning away or these events have really happened, then the audience does not know what the story is about. Physically and mentally, RedGrav is acting in a box. Many physical venues and limited psychological range may not be able to have a lower actress stunner, but she creates limitations for her. I was constantly surprised. The film is essentially a woman-oriented film but not only the men's men's accessories. Patrick Wilson is mesmerizing as Harris. Everyone in the movie loves him, no surprise, I was sure. Brother Weinburner Lily's brother, quiet outside the control. Hugh Dancy is beyond the control of the spiral body without sending his acting under the drain. My favorite scene in the Glenn Close movie. It reminds me of famous scenes from the ball of mind. It is terrible and jaw dropping toxic. I was completely stunned. Natasha Richardson was one of the acting disappointments. Her battle scene was memorable, her most played melodrama reeks. Before taking his breath, it will be appropriate to take a acting bath. This is a good thing he had to charge in visual. The movie is spectacularly spectacular. The painter Gyula Pados can not enrich a film color, so the light combined perfectly with the mood and emotion. The visual concepts of flash back sequence are strong and resonance. There were many scenes that could be closed, printed, mounted and sold as an industry. I acknowledge it, I cried. Evening is a powerful movie. The evening is defiantly a chick flick but a really big chick is flicking. If you want to impress a woman with a movie choice, choose the evening.
