From the beginning of the book, based on this film, I got mixed feelings about the results of the film. Before reading the book, I learned a little earlier to see the adaptation of book movies, because I have seen that if I read the book, I must have been frustrated in the film. It was undoubtedly true here, when in the case of antenatal, perhaps the best illustrated adaptation of a book that I probably saw, probably it would not be full. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to find out what's going on, and I suspect that Michael Kunningham should point out my fingers clearly. I am not relieved of the feeling I have for him, the Hours (which I did not see and were scared of), for the reason that he did not adapt Susan Minton's book so much because he took some letters and basic grounds and write his own film . <br /> <br /> It's not that I do not like the movie. I really like the movie, since I started reading novels, so I feel annoyed with the whole thing. I feel slighted on Miss Minton for enjoying the movie, which was far from his work. Reading it, I realized why he was adapting such a struggle. A movie critic said, it is not that some novels are not worthy of the movie; It can not be converted just like some books. Mr. Mintan's novel manages its level on a personal and intimate level, so internally, it seems impossible to move me to a physical area. Although most of the book is the memory of real events, but it is a memorial, and so broken and lazy, I think, not filmmaking. I think Miss Miton's work is a real work of literature, but can not transform the film, which does not alienate its value in any way. <br /> <br /> I still can not report that evening, the film is not even more than the most worshiping evening in the evening, since I am only halfway, but the original will have to create a tremendous leap similar to the movie that followed this moment. I guess I'm writing this because I think if you want to adapt the novel, adjust it, but it's not something that's not it. I'm not sure that Michael Cunningham has done a very basic job, but depending on what I have seen from someone else's work. Virginia Wolf did not write Mrs. Dalway, and we were not in the evening, if Susan Minton did not have to face any problem that probably should not have been tried in the first place. But it's not too much to say that Mrs. Minton would be good enough to go alone, because in the evening, the film is satisfying and beautiful for herself. In this way, the novel can not be film and in the opposite direction, in this way, my confusion of mixed feelings, feelings of irrationality, and final conclusions, and expressing gratefulness for both the writers for their actions, so that they both work like them. Do it.
