I love all dogs even though I'm not a man. This is the best animated movie Don Bluth has created and the Land the Time! In the film Gharali Barqin (Burt Reynolds), her friend, Ichchi (Dom Delois), helped in the independence of the New Orleans pound in 1932. Charlie, who lives in the casino business, wants to share the same with his partner Corfaces (Victor Tayback). Carlyle Chalie killed unhappy to share with Charlie, drives the bridge! Charlie enters the sky and shows Anabella (Melba Moore) who showed to Charlie that his time was showing a clock that was closed and he explained that all dogs go to heaven because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hid the stop watch behind her back and switched it back and she could not come back to you alive on Earth with Annabelle's scream! Charlie reunited with Ichchi and they soon came out and found that the carfaces did not try to kill Cherry only, he also kidnapped Anne, a small orphan girl named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). Carriage Charlie and Ichi leave Anne Marie to help escape. The next day Charlie Etchi and Anne Marie go in search of money! Anne Marie, seeing her couple, thinks she will make her big parents! While talking to Anne Marie, Charlie torn the man behind and stole his pattern! Charlie Anne Marie and Ichchi then go to the horse's run where they will bet the men's money that the horse will win! The horse that they won will win and $ 1,000 will be given for the release of Charlie, Ichchi, and Anne Marie! Charlie promised Anne Marie that he would use the money for the poor but buy the air for buying new casinos and gambling and buy pizza for his friend Flow (Lonnie Anderson) and his dog. Soon Anne discovered that Charlie stole the wall from the hands of the man and used his money with horses and everything! Charlie is going to hell and devil to have a dream about this! Soon Charlie wakes up and finds out that Anne Marie has gone! He's going to return the belt, who pardons him for his wallet and invites you to breakfast! Charlie tells Anne Marie to go with him and she pretends to be sick but is caught by a mouse trying to feed King Gator, but she escapes! Soon Carface looks and captures Anne Marie. He plans to drown him, but King Charlotte arrives from the rescue and brings the King Gate to the carriage. Charlie's time up and he will die again. With the help of other dogs, she brought Anne Marie and found a couple to accompany them to Anne Marie. They have time to save Ann Marie, but Charlie is too late to save! Charlie, who was rewarded for his heroic efforts to save Anne Marie, came back to heaven, but before she entered, she farewell to the Anti-Marie and the couple asked him to take care of Ischchi for her. She said yes and Charlie loves her and says goodbye! Charlie entered heaven again and said that all the dogs will go to heaven! Wonderful animations, full of letters and stories, Don Bluth has proven us again that he is a good animator! It is very bad that the movie was released in Little Marade, which is my favorite Disney movie! Both of them came out in 1989, a year before my birth! I think the best animated features of 1989 have to call them both! 10 out of 10!
