Like all his older brother Cloud Suit and Jean-Pierre Melville, Allen Korne started cutting his teeth in French films, including "Fray Mennes" (1977) and "Serie Nieuw" (1979). "Police Python 357" conceived Corneau during his career and shot his work a good example of him. They had a sophisticated guide to an excellent cinematography, busy screenplay and expertise. <br /> <br /> Police superintendent Ferro (Yevs Montand) is an incomplete approach to a police who usually works alone. She met a young woman, Sylvia Leopardi (Stephanie Sandriy) and became her boyfriend when she has another girlfriend: her higher count (Franco Piaier). When the successor teaches it, he kills him in a fit case of anger. Farat will have to investigate the murder and all the sources against him irrationally ... <br /> <br /> Someone may think that such an extrovert story is not free from glitches and sometimes somebody can see it but it's Cornwright's Pedantic Directoryal Style Stuffling, Diskki Helps in energizing the atmosphere. Before the night of assassination, the first part of the film may seem uncertain, and it is very important to follow this key moment. Cornwow comes back with secondary treatment and shows short appearances through little tiny letters, which the viewer can see during the investigation. In spite of the weaknesses, Corne and his painter Daniel Bolder wrote a great story. Maynard (Matthew Carrior) has sometimes expressed his surprise because Ferrett maintains a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his parent knows that he usually works alone. In fact, Farat has to find difficult strategies to cool the pond and remove itself. Finally, the main ideas of the film Farat itself expresses concern. He is a policeman who lost his identity by bit and finds himself in the heart of a terrible depersonalization. At the moment when he throws his acid away from his face, the witness can not recognize him. <br /> <br /> This thriller's backdrop, Orlin's expertise helps to improve its harmful charm by the improved camera and this eerie thriller.
