To know what to expect from Danger Washington's performance - quality, honesty, gravitas, wy humor - will prepare you for what to expect from his director debut. Like the Bronzes Tale in Robert De Niro, Antovan Fisher offers the influence of the ongoing plays of young man and his life's main character. A Bronx Tale De Niro has played one of the main characters in the main character (himself was born to play a character but was too old) Washington played the same role as the title character of his parent's counselor - a character who played him in Washington 20 years ago. Looks like it should be. Be thankful Washington Antwone is very old to play since he will be denied by the greatest intelligent and intelligent nuanced performance if he gives as a Navy councellor. But more important we will not see fantastic, we can only hope to make the star, the title role introduced from Derek Look. The character can be seen in the shape of Washington's character, but you think that Washington's direction is not that Luke is trying to copy him, but Luke was actually thinking of a strong and enthusiastic actor like Washington. Washington took a lot of time to get the Academy Award for Malcam X, Philadelphia, The Devil in a Blue Dress and The Hurricane, hope Lou does not have to wait so long. It was also a great part of Casting, as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl, Joy Bryant. The part may be a forgotten support or an ideal 'girlfriend' role though Bryant imbues it with life. The modest and intelligent role crosses stereotyping with living with Bryant, and makes that part significant and attractive. Bryant probably does not harm the most attractive woman you see in celluloid this year - only laughs can cool down the cold heart. Acting power and beauty - this woman is not exactly why it is being done. To support Sally Richardson's small role as Washington's wife Berta. Most of the Hollywood actresses can manage the whole film by saying more with silence or appearance, before telling a story many readers of the story. As I said in Washington's direction, it's the equivalent of its acting. Some spectators have heard it in a man's story, and in fact it has created a difficult achievement that will achieve Washington's supremacy. The film does not run or is not comfortable, but it does not seem to be slow or soft. It is measured and nuanced, fully humorous and dramatic balance. If you like big, explosive, plotless Hollywood movies, then Antovan Fisher will not blow you off, but with a nice acting and steadily guided direction, it is a very modest piece of praise for you.
