Like other commentators who commented on the ability to overcome the challenge of this film, on the contrary, I think this powerful film provides a complex and deep story that addresses institutional racism and its effects. Washington warns Fisher's story with hand and critical eyes, not to abandon the efforts of this film, decay of woman's body, stagnant stereotypes, and not to expect the white outlook. I think this picture can be very happy at the end; However, it is deeply involved in Afro-American culture and lectures on the point that some white observers may feel the discovery of Fischer's life in this Afro-American-Antovone. I have problems with the naval view of the film, but we see America, there is not much choice or opportunity for black men in Fisher's situation or similar situations. Visitors can go to the movie "Black Movie: A" What is a Black Movie? "<br /> <br />" I think Washington is considered as the director of Afro-Americans and other people of color treat people's problems as abuse and isolated aggression. . These issues - historically and at the present - have been given light and legality only through "good" hunting and other white films; It was their superior time and the same recognition and legitimacy as their white counterpart outside the media. <br /> <br /> While in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke probably would wait ten years before getting Oscars or something else They both must have to wait as direct or star in a film which transforms the usual racist and sexually transmitted behavior to an Oscar. Say Denzel "Malcolm X" awarded the award for "hurricane" and others that the gym "training day" Oscars That is not to deny or push another great actress and colored actors, who are looking for their fabulous work. Nevertheless, Hollywood will instead send the message that racism and sexuality and heterosexualism are everlasting and even American Street, "Middle-class in the Garden of Good and Evil", such as "American Pie" and even "went with the wind. "<br /> <br /> Derek Luc is a Helluva actor and I wish him good. Other actresses and actors have all played fancy, although I have a problem with Danzell's other straight hair, light-weight selection. Everyone has to see this picture, however, it can not be for everyone
