Based on the real story, this film comes from the first director and long time actor Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us the best performance of the last decade, a civil war veteran in Glouari and a lawyer from the acclaimed Philadelphia. And of course, he earned special infamy last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor of the Day of Contribution, among which Diesel Washington became the first African American for Best Actor. I think Dagenel wanted a change in speed, so he chose to administer Antônio Fischer, in which he was also a star. Fischer was played by Derek Luke, who was new to the silver screen, but some television presenters were present in the television shows as Queens King, and he would be present for the upcoming Bike Age film release. <br /> <br /> This is a really good movie of Denzel Washington, it was his first time directing. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt some kind of commitment and believed in Antwone Fisher's real life story. A young African American citizen of the Anthony Fisher Navy who was constantly fights and after a special uprising, he was sent to see the naval psychologist named Denzel Washington actor Jerome Davenport. Davenport helped Antovan to deal with his troubled past, and found the mother of his birth, because he had to be born in prison because he was born in prison. What makes this movie so good is that it is not too much melodramatic. I hope a lot like good will, hunting, with oath, war and indecency. I do not like good will hunting, or sworn oaths, film warfare and obscenity. Really opposite! However, Antônio Fischer is a true story, and I do not think Washington wants to make the story of dramatic impact on the film. Do not make me wrong, we can see the battle of Antonovan at the moment, it takes on the moment and looks like the world is closing on it. Finally, in his first session with his psychologist, Washington's acting character, Desvanport Fisher, asked where he was born, and Fischer's response was a 'rock' in the pressure pressure on Foster's spirit of Antovone. But I was grateful that this film is not exciting for the dramatic impact. I think Dingle shows the real character to present Washington's more realistic story and to avoid the generality of Hollywood movies based on common, even true stories. Another thing I want to bring about the Fountain of Antovone is the acting. Above all, the performance film was good, but not great. Occasionally, I think it was a little clear that the main characters were actors, but overall, complaining about the performances of this movie is ridiculous. Actor Viola Davis I want to act in this movie He played with Anton's mother, but almost two sentences of the movie are saying, but at the end of the film, he is not seen much because his long-lost son, Antovan, expressed his condolences at him. I'd like to point out to her about her lack of use as an actress. She is basically a character actress, and I have not seen any really broad role in her play. He has appeared on Traffic, Out of Sight, Kate and Leopold and two recent films: Far from Heaven and Solaris. In the rebuilding of Steven Soderberg's Solaris, he played a planet about a planet of destructive spacecraft. The character of George Clooney in the movie encounters him and pulls him into tears when Clooney tells him in a particular scene. When I first saw Sorris, I thought of him in bed and thought, Wow, this woman could work. It was as if you could feel the character's grief. In that small shot of his face, he gave so much excitement and I am deeply sorry for his character's grief and pain in film. I think she should be used as a potential actress and possibly as a character driven actress, rather than leading the role often. Still, Antôn Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, always pulls off a great performance and he gives us a great director to debut. Also, Derek Luke is a highly talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his remarkable critical reputation for his troubled person's screenplay, but I think his popular popularity will increase with the release of Bike Boyz, which also plays Lawrence Fishbarne. Antwone Fisher based on the book Finding Fish: A Memoir by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
