Written and operated by Steve Gordon Running time: 97 minutes Classified PG. <br /> <br /> It was an impressive comedy of the decade. It won the title of Sir John Gilgud in Academy Awards. It was even featured in VH1's "I Love 80's". And it looks just as good as it does on its initial release. Arthur must be among the critically acclaimed comedy classics (with Oscar-nominated performances, Dudley Moore's enthusiasm and wit), the woman she likes and lives should be chosen. Although the basic plot is a big draw, there is no trinity about this logical combination of tricky dialogue and delightful French. Arthur Bach is basically nothing but a scary brawl, but you can not like him. Especially when he distributes such lines, "You do not want me to be you? I know I do!" He is also a screenplay from the Archetypical Movie Hero: We are not ashamed to be lazy rich, in contrast to the richest characters in comparison to the rich character. At one point, a man asks him, "Does it seem to have all the money?", Whose response he said, "It looks great." Moore lays the character and character for a character which would otherwise be upset by his audience. And Gilgood is perfect as arrogant servant, he depends on his salary, although his master address with extreme condenscension. Arthur is one of the movies that does not try to be bright or especially exceptional: it comes naturally. The screenplay - which has gained a bit from the academy - is truly happy-out-of-the-heart dialogue. Such a movie is that when a bunch of poker friends together, you can quote one another. It shows its character with sincere sympathy. Most of the comedy, which tries to sink into a drama with a major star (including the Guppy Old Man), or some illness, but some can not take care of it because it is not cared for. When this movie makes suspicious decisions to prevent Butler, it really works because we genuinely like these people. Why would you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it's a non-guilty pleasure. At the time of the film becoming more serious, Arthur reminds us to go to the movies and only spend a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
