I think trying this movie for a few minutes, I'm very surprised, I did not see director Steve Gordon, his only film that was directed before the heart failure, before he died. Originally named Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winner, and Oscar nominated Doodle Moore) he has a happy drunk million, a palace, a Butler Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe winner, and BAFTA nominated by Sir John Gilgood) and a lot of torch. If he is a heir of $ 750 million, he marries the daughter of Millionaire Millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Eliot), the girl who chose Susan (Jill Eckenberry) and her family. Instead, Arthur himself is reading Queens waitress Linda Marola (for the Golden Globe nominated Lisa Mineralie), which threatens her succession and threatens 3/4 of her family's fate from her father Pan Stanford (Thomas Barber) and Anne Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). . . On the wedding, Hobson disagreed with the wishes of Arthur, after the death of his family, but he still inherits Arthur with his true love later on. Also included in Ted Ross, Butterman, Barney Martin Ralph Marolla, Al de Salvo, Gloria, Hoeker, Michael Coopland, Uncle Peter Bach, Justin Johnston Anth Pearl Buck, Mrs Nesbitt in Florence Turlill, Marcelo Lori Harriet - Maternal Maiden, and John Bentley as Peter Evans. Preston Langley - party guests. Moore is surprisingly funny and often like a little crunching like a drunk million, a favorite with the likes of Minkenili, and of course, Gilgood Moore's humorous modest maiden, Oscar wins the impression as a terrific sculble comedy. It won an Oscar for Best Oscars for "Arthur's Theme" (it won the Golden Globe) (this was 100 years, 100 songs were 79) and it was nominated for the best writing, the screenplay was written directly on the screen For, Bert Bachera was nominated for BAFTA Anthony Aswyth Award for Film Music and it is the Best Motion Picture - Golden Glow for Comedy / Musical Won. 50 Great British actors, Sir John Gilgood, was 35 years old, and the number of photographs 53, 100 smiles for 100 years. very good!
