In the 1928 motion picture "lost year" in many ways In each series, some of the best films of silent era were made, just as the word was coming and during the box office earning a lot of profits - art works were set up five years after the film industry's struggle. With new technology <br /> <br /> "The silent people" is a great silent era comedy. The film shows that William Henes & # 39; s extraordinary supernatural person had a trick skills outside of his usual formula, who reflected his verses against everyone, learned his lessons, and then conquered himself by winning the football game, Polo game. This movie also shows it. To explain why Mario Davis was not a Susan Alexander. She had excellent comic instincts and time. This movie begins with the old South with the courage of Peggy Paper (Marion Davis) and her father, General Marmaduk Olfish Paper, like Begley Hilbilz. General Paper has decided that he rents some lucky movie studio executive as his actress. At the time of Studio Casci, Peppers Billy Boone (William Hans) ran into a snapstick comedian. He gets a acting job from Peggy. She is unhappy when she is happy, but she remains firm. Finally he was discovered in a big studio and parts of the way he delivered and when he started to take dramatic role. Soon the newly discovered reputation goes to his head, and he decides to defeat his public and marry his new leader when he does not love any way, until the fate does not interfere in any way. [Br /> <br /> MGM often performs one of its late silent films, and in its original sound-age films, the filmmaking techniques of MGM have been shown in the 1930s. This film is one of them, we have seen Marie Davis doing many things to see Chargeie Chaplin getting Peggy's autograph, and director Raja Bhadar himself, for a lot of fun with MGM players and Marion Davies as a Mario Demi Davis. Peggy grimaces and mention that she does not care for her. To really end a delight from the start, this is a silent course that is worth your time. This is a movie I suggest that you can use it to introduce silent film artists.
