I got the opportunity to double this picture at the 2006 Moving Festivals album in Birmingham. I enjoyed it a lot, when it saw a second time during screening. <br /> <br /> When I think of movies shown in festivals, I usually expect them to be intense and off-the-go with an expansive student project. Of course, there are no problems with these projects and I enjoy the unique style of independent films, but sometimes I want to see more mainstream methods of making independent films. By "mainstream", I mean like a movie produced for national liberation - in other words, a movie that you will see on a regular movie theater. <br /> <br /> Writing, direction, cinematography, casting and acting are all complete pro in this movie. Generally there is nothing independent about this film. As an aspiring director, I am always looking for movies that prevent me from stopping and work hard to strengthen my profession. This is one of those movies I saw the big bad swimming, the level of my motivation was incredible. I felt kicked in my Adrenaline. Because I felt like this because I was so impressed with every aspect of this product. I got excited the theater and I was ready to start off the long article. When a movie feels like me, I know it's really good. This is the first feature-length project from Isea Setton and I have received it on my own wish that it was my project. For me, it's really rare. <br /> <br /> See this picture. It is nicely shot and directed, and the cast is excellent. Crazy Brewster is distributing a very credible and desired performance. She has a quality about her, a charisma, which really attracts you and keeps your focus on the screen at any time. He feels like you know him personally as a friend. That's a gift I'm really missing the fact that the industry does not use its acting ability more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Wixler did the top job. I could not say enough nice things about swimming in the Big Bad. I look forward to the future project from all those who are involved in its production.
