Over the past few months I've collected Voyager Seasons 4 to 7 in the DVD (it was 1 to 3 on my first video, because my favorite character of Case) and finally reached. Basically they were shown on TV in the UK but I forgot it when I saw them. I'm satisfied with the end? I wonder if i Naturally I want to see more about what happened to the characters when they went home as a fan, but that left us the imagination. In many ways "Endgame" next Jane "All good things ??" The crew is involved in future like this, but chiefly captain A new romance started in the final (next general Trow and Orf and Nine and seven of Chakotoy here), which will become a future death. I really like "endgam", although fair and just for all the characters appeared, but he left the ship before two episodes. B'elanna gave birth to her daughter with a loving husband, Tom. If Tuvak is sick, returning home means he can heal. Harry is always the most anxious and determined but admits the journey important. Doctor, in the future, honors everyone and finally Joe likes the name! Of course, Captain's biggest role is to fulfill his future spirit, who wants to get home on the crew before the threat is over. Engaged in the bourgeoisie, they played a massive part of the Voyager this period. Alice Cruee plays Fantastic again with Bargh Rani, only her voice and acting system is fantastic. Sorry for Susanna Thompson, though the TV series is replaced by Queen Queen of the movie class queen. Maybe he was not found though. Special effects superb, Borg sub space hub and Borg queen falling apart! It's very tense. Especially when they come out of the Borg SubSpeed ​​Corridor and say that their position seems right, where they said that they then said that they should go to a lane which comes back from the Delta quadrilateral. And what are the wonderful ideas they get inside a class sphere to protect it on DVD special features, it's like a trojan horse. The Voyager may have continued. When it became more popular, they were stuck with the original idea of ​​the ship, the ship was like their home, as Harry's statement and what Tom said because his wife and children were there. And then they might have got a film home! <br /> <br /> Overall, the Voyager was a little hit and missed. Sixth Season is better to follow than one good one. Two horrific horrors of Holocultural Irish village! He adopted the idea of ​​nine sevens, it was around him, which was not true. When he first appeared, Season 4 focused on him for most of his episode but it ended. And his character, sometimes intelligently reunites his humanity as a boro drone for 20 years. I like him, especially "someone keeps an eye on me," "imperfection," and "human error." When Naomi Waldman initially feared him, he often became his friend, it was beautiful. Chakote became my favorite character. Was chemistry with Janway (they would not be / they?) And if you do not ever feel like he's the first officer, he's mostly pushed away most of the time. I love seeing blossom against the relationship between Tom and B'elanna's relationship. I always liked a lot of Neelix. Tuvak was good at times, especially when he lost his argument, gained emotion and became friend with Nilsson. Harry was repeatedly annoying but at other times there was a good character. The doctor is probably my favorite, how far he comes and creates a comedy situation ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy")! Janwayay is my favorite Captain of any series and you can say Kate Mulgue can really enjoy it. <br /> <br /> I wanted more, I love Viagra!
