So, there is at least one movie per year which has no chance of a box office success, because before production moment, even a simple shot can be portrayed, everyone likes this movie ... a long list of such films, and finally, some really Bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their flaws but quite enjoyable (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then there are some, which are They really are really great, but nobody accepts! I mean, my master, a huge crowd will be hunting victims every year because they can take, not everyone will have to join them. So yes, perhaps those movies are not perfect, but how many movies are there? Every movie seems to be new, the Lord of the Range! Not everyone will enjoy this movie, but I say that much more than those who acknowledge. Hudson Haque (1991), who is just a violent, colorful night (1994), which may not be Oscar worthy, but definitely some nice twist, Sweep Away (2002), which I think is a great mix of humorous humor and Gogli (2003) Its a beautiful romance, which was really great entertainment with some memorable lines and did not play badly from the old "Baneef" -Kully, and this year it was "Basic Institute 2"! Well, when I heard a sequel of my favorite movies, I was very spontaneous, and although I really love Sharon Stone, I would not see this movie until I was a satan. And really, I was very positive surprised! I do not understand why so bad news and so bad vote? It does not just make the original copy, it's a pretty tricky story, its excitement, action, humor and absolutely stunning Sharon Stone reiterates the role of her life! At the age of 47, when shooting the film, he looked much more hot than the big one in the 20's, but more than its beautiful, with its beauty, its famous smile, with the way he speaks and continues ... He is the first among you The frame can not close his eyes. It's just a pleasure to see him as a Catherine Trumel, and other performers have provided tough performance! So I can not really see what's wrong with this movie ... It's a bold, thrilling, sexy and radioactive look, strong performance and you never felt bored! Maybe the story is not Oscar-worthy, but it never tries to do! This is an entertainment-movie, and by this value it absolutely delivers in my opinion! So try it!
