Finally, a few years after waiting for a new movie to create a sexual harmful continuation of "Basic Institute", we have been given a great signal that has been packed with the right ingredients for a franchisee! I think everything is real, steam, romance, sex, ask, music (Master Jerry Goldsmith) and everything else about violence and murder! Do not make any mistake, "Basic Institute" was a real winner to viewers everywhere. In 2001, I could remember when we first got a news about such a series. Five years later, we have it. I do not think this would end up like this. When it was announced a rejected project, the time was not sure whether it could ever begin. Well, I think we now know something possible in this case. Even if the original director or author is not present then all of us are fascinating, always reliable Sharon Stone, and our agreement is complete! Please, listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say that this film is bad, I think it is only because of extreme and little date. I use the word "date" only because we have not seen such a particular movie for many years, and the viewers have transformed the stories of stories that can be seen in other meaningless tones, which really make money and that's the only reason big number because those film family friendly. Who needs some holes and clean? Of course this is a nice thing, but come on! Escapism is rarely this day, and "Basic Institute 2" gives us our real fans which we hope for. This image is not a winner of the Academy Award, nor does it try to be. It is easily distributed to hard fans who die what they are expecting. It's a film for fun. The movie seems to take itself very seriously today, but this picture is very loose and fun, not seriously, not very seriously. I said, I will evaluate the film. <br /> <br /> The film is a fast film from the second part, as we can see Catherine Tramel in a car, it's running at 110 MPH speed and so on. . Maybe sex and driving do not mix, because our sexy novelist takes a bad turn and ... well, he becomes shameless, but his study partner does not pay very well. Again, Trumel will be under the initial suspects of the accident, and analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is attracted to him from the first moment to meet him. Before that, like another criminal investigator, he entered and slowly, slowly, and sure. His denial tears him around him because he has the power to make spellings. Trumel is probably probably more dangerous than before, but we never know like the first, is not it? Once temptation is going on, jealousy, anger, medicine, and a platform of lover scenes have emerged! <br /> <br /> This movie does not reshape the first, but rather refers briefly to previous films from time to time. This is a good thing. It can tell us as the audience that the script has been written to bring a groove or two levels. Sharon Stone has dazzles us again even though it has passed 14 years. His second prototype of the novelist of cheater was the spot as before. Comparative! David Morrissey is well thrown, and manages quite well. A non-popular star was selected, making its performance more enjoyable because we have no background on it as the audience, only what we see is My final thought -10 to 8.5 to 9 So this is not the first time, nor can it survive until the first prize winner. However, it can match the set quality of the first movie, and it makes people! Do it
