Actor William Hans' biographer, "Wizcraft", retired from the end of the 70-year-old star and filmmaking. The old man was not feeling as well and rarely saw his own film, but in 1972 he appeared for a screening screening of the show's Los Angeles Museum, in which he starred with Marin Davis. Earlier, Hines was worried that this comedy was a mis-laughter, but she was amazed at how well she was and how many young audiences enjoyed it (and no doubt). Watch today's movie and see why you can: Show it is a delightful Hollywood mockery that keeps her charm because it lights up her mind with intellect and mood, though still not messy. It's still funny and its satirical points still resonate. Not to say, the technology of mobile phones has changed drastically since silent days, but the trend of filmmakers has not changed so much. <br /> <br /> People also stand out as the best living creator of Mario Davis, the first heart comic actor who deserves a prominent position in the great comedian's Pantheon. His career was concerned that Davis had received a curse and curse by the patronage of his paramour sponsor William Randolph Harst. It is well known that Harvest has had a great influence on Davis's favorite roles and very well aware that despite the comedians' gifts, he liked watching the heroine in his favorite clothing plays. At the end of the twentieth century, Marion was allowed to strat her staff in a number of brilliant comedies (including red mills and pets), but the people led by the great King Weird were shown as her most enjoyable showcase. William Hines gives her boyfriend and co-star Billy Bonn as attractive, favorable performance, but it is also one of the main female shows of all time. <br /> <br /> Marion has played in South Bell Peggy Paper, who is determined to become a movie star with his father in the storm of Hollywood. (His father Colonel Paper actor / director Dale Henderson, an expert in biographical plays of Griffith who played?) Like most of the halists!) One of Marin's most funny bits, which is often quoted elsewhere, is his audition at Comet Studio's Casting Office. . Although the father advises feelings for help ("sorry! .... joy!") And throws his handkerchief across his face, Peggy feels appropriate expression and gesture. He is renting, only comet less comedy comedy, such tricks where people hate each other with the Celtzer and compete to run in unarmed police rescue. Of course, the comet is considered to be MacSenson's Keystone of Take Off, but with the story being released, the true nature of the mockery has become clear. As the emergence of Peggy Paper in the film star sequence, she gave up comet for more prestigious high art studio, named "Patricia Peppór" as a serious actress making her new station better. In some cases it can happen to us (as it must have happened to the audience in 1928) that started in Keystone comedies before progressing to the serious plays of Davis' rival Gloria Swansea Sicil B. Dimil. And Miss Peppier takes himself even more seriously, because of the low-comic delivery of high-hat treats to his colleagues, Davis's performance spontaneously targets himself in a fool parody on the sansson. This is particularly remarkable in the order of an interview, when Miss Peppi's spokesman obviously despises and the star disguises the spell-on of his graduation. I think it was intended as a friendly fool, but I was amazed at how friendly the relationship between Gloria and Marion was when the film was released. <br /> <br /> In any event, shown to people buffs for a delicious treat. Who will taste the parade of stars star stars. Charlie Chaplin is a nice bit, contributing sans makeup and looking for quite a fame, looking enthusiastic Patricia Peppoire autograph! (And a great sportswear exhibition Mario Davis has shown swimming in Swansea to make fun by himself.) This is a silent film that can be seen in the audience especially in silence, at least those spectators taste the movies about movie business. The exhibition must consist of classics such as the Civil Blower and Sing-in-the-Rhine, the most efficiently produced, joyous self-exam exercises in Hollywood.
