As a child I always hate being forced to sit through the musical instruments. I did not understand why people would start singing like a song, and I was so lagging behind that it was very young to appreciate artistry (dance, set design, constellation, pacing). Carroll Reid's "Oliver!" A musical instrument that I can enjoy as a child, perhaps it is a darker one and it has drowned in the spirit of Dickensi Scholar. It is a musical instrument of Vetto Life in Victorian London, and visibility and set designs are true on the street, dark and in the way of life, but in their sadness it is intrigued to break people into such ridiculous songs. After a recent visit, since my first childhood, I have some new ideas and insights on why this musical works as "unknown" songs and why most do not do it for me. <Br /> <br /> When musical instruments work or really say something, then they understand their underlying curiosity. Tragedy and unexpected as Lars von Tears's "The Dancer in the Dark" and it was as far away as it was a musical instrument because the musical numbers were drama fantasy products, obscure immigrants with Hollywood music. Likewise, the highly condemnable and enjoyable "Chicago" worked at the same level because the musical numbers were the product of the high -side injury singer / dancer. The songs do not work very much like their own musical-nature very important (such as "Moulin Rouge") or just a lot of Faffe (such as some of "Mary Poppins"). After watching "Oliver!" For the first time as an adult, I saw it in a new light. Most of the views from the young Oliver's viewpoint, I have seen the musical way of imagining his childhood and the veto of his surroundings as a way to deal with the danger. Nansi drinks dance about the happiness of drinking water and is perhaps the best song number to dance (perhaps to help save a great Oliver from the escape of evil Bill Sykes) for the sake of dance. It is curiously interesting and sounds like a real pub tune that drunks may start singing around a piano. Here's another great and classic tunes going to be heard, and directing and acting-to-dance dance excursions are all top notch. Still, all his painfulness (though it ended up for a happy Oliver, though certainly did not end with Nancy's happiness, and if you think that there is no life in the street on the street, it is a fagin or dosher. I do not really classify it as a family movie, although I do not think the age of seven or eight years It is shown that any of the children. It tries to survive on an unfortunate orphanage street and find a few hardships to find happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see some modern updates on this issue, perhaps its revisionist took it, where people on the street of Compact break their happy songs about their terrible life. I am "oliver!" Want to see its hard-edged hip-hop version. I always think Dickens will translate well on those issues. As it stands, "Oliver!" Perhaps the end of the best movie musicals and probably the fantastic g-rated movie I've ever seen
