The great cinematical musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year spelling can be correctly labeled as "Golden Era". Previously there was musical, and since then it has been musical ... but the real myths seem to have been made in that time. Singin 'in the Rain, an American in Paris, band wagon, Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, King and I, and many more, stand as many long products as the age of. Perhaps the lastest song on "Golden Era" is Carroll Reid's 1968 "Oliver". Adapted from Dickens novel, this dynamic music is a successful version of a production stage film. This is an extraordinary movie, with six Oscar winners, best photo awards. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) maintains a tragic existence in a workhouse, his mother has died in a few moments after giving birth. After an incident, during a meal, he was booted from the workhouse and ended up applying at a funeral parlor. But Oliver does not particularly settle in his new job, and escapes some annoying days later. He made a long journey to London where he hopes to look for his fate. The Oliverta is brought under the tip of a small cockpocket, which is known as Artful Dosage (Jack Wild), which acts as Fagin (Ron Moody), an elderly in charge of a gang of children and thieves. Despite the unlawful nature of work, Oliver finds good friends among her new "family". He made the acquaintance of Nancy (Shani Wallis), Mestring Bill Six (Oliver Reid), the cruelest and most dangerous thief of all of them. After many trips, Oliver discovered his true ancestor and saw that he was actually coming from a wealthy and well-illuminated background. But while the possibility of being consolidated with his real family, using Bill Sequence Oliver forcibly reduced him to some special risky and ambitious robberies. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" consistently played by his gifted cast on the side of delightful eyes and nicely. Moody revives his stage role with most of the verve, stole the movie from youths with his energetic performance as Fagin. Works well as Lester and Wild's young Piccott, Wallis enthusiastically generates genuine despicableness as Nancy's role fleshes and Reed Sikes. Anatomy of Oscar winning Oscar winning song-and-dance sets are so memorable that the number of musical instruments is organized with incredible precision and philosophy, but the skill and skillful aspects of Live Carrier Reed also help to play their part. Unforgettable melodies include "food superb food", "consider yourself", "you have to choose a pocket or two", "I want to do something" and "om-leg-foot" - all the amazing interesting songs have been released. Keep them in good order together. The film is a completely entertaining experience and it does not completely lose the speed of 153 minutes. Sit back and enjoy!
