Almost very well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was entertaining, a strong part of Popporn, which is not exaggerated by special effects with a special budget. And clearly notice "Dusk Till Dawn" myth. "Vampires: Los Murtoos" Rock Star John Bon Jovi starts the same with one of the main characters, but it's pretty good ... ... I did not see John Bonnie in any other movie, so I I could not compare her performance to "Vampires: Los Muertos" compared to her performance, but I was really suprised her good performance. After the movie starts, she believes that she will not grab a guitar and "do not play it my life" or anything, but kill vampires, do not see any mercy and do what she needs to do. This means a lot, because a part of the audience (I too) was probably thinking: "... because he's a rocker ...". Of course, forest Jovi is not James Woods, but on the side of honesty: it can be worse, and in my opinion Forest Jovi has performed very well. The vampires operated by Early Jever, Part 1 (or "Ghost of Mars") are not similar to the vampire-leader's skin-slaughtered machine. Zuver is very seductive and very sexy, moving as lit as a cat, wearing as quick as a snake and wearing thin, light-loving almost very loving clothes. And even the optical effects in support of its type of movement are very well-formed. It really feels something deadly. But in some parts of the director movie, avoiding making the movie from Action-Harfffilm to making a sensitive sensitive buffoon like "Nosferatu" from Murshawk. You can see almost a personal note and the temptation of a filmmaker from the original. This is the real strength of the film, as well as its weakest aspect: the spectators who celebrate the fun and bloodshed of the first film may expect a pure fun-bleeding for the second time and may be somewhat frustrating. Do not make any mistakes: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun bloodshot but it's not always like this movie. Think of the genocide in the Bar compared to that scene, where Vampires tries to persuade Joey at the ruins: American Popcorn-Entertainment, seducing-Zoey-in-the-ruins-scene is the first European-like movie (The movie is about Joey and Vampires' relationship Interested to know more, but at the same time rejects the answers because it will slow down the action? Titus has shown an bhyampiyresa, is now suffering from an animal and only kill an animal just is not). And this issue determines whether the main movie has been received by viewers. And also: "Do not have to duck to the dole" is really going like this? I'm not aware of it. Yet Tommy Lee Wallace has really done a great job, "Vampires: Los Murtoos" is nicely good. But I also think of a series of Wallachs in a populated film Wallace occasionally is creative, too much publisher. He is protecting himself from the development of his talent to fulfill the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, Wallace's genius fills life with movies and sometimes it enjoys it at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost done very well. (I'm 10 of 7)
