I imagine Victorian literature gradually dinking into remote distant past mire, drawn by the weight of its under-skirt. Television comes along: At its best, it has an instant power and through the dramatic drama that the BBC produces such fine-footed, Victorian literature gets a new stab in life. Religious themes, moral overtones, are easily shocked than can be a casually growing sick in the world, and companions, familiar with issues and domestic violence. But the old, well-established stories have permanent power, and this is a hidden gem. <br /> <br /> Today, the writing of Ann Ann Bronte is very strong, feminist and extraordinary, "Tenant of Willefel Hall" was actually in the meantime. Prohibited corsets raised from primval yogurt ?? Physical, emotional, social ?? Her heroine, Helen Huntingdon, escaped from a sad marriage, carried out atrocities and drinking, not only the anger of her objectionable husband but also the impressive intolerance of the society and the malicious silence, destroying the changes in her life. He pays a price; But maintains his self-esteem; That way falls in love; He emerges deadly but victorious, and powerful. I just love watching these kind of women on screen. <br /> <br /> Actors superb ?? There are the best bright offers. The story of love is handled nicely, with the real emotions and the feeling of good acting actors. They live in every aspect of the Fitzgerald complex heroine, and it has been said by other critics that the pattern of the petrified hairstyle can not survive in a strongly defined and beautiful face. Toby Stephens, his sparks hit off, headstrong, handsome youth and enthusiastic, contributing just to coordinate rude weaknesses. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors ever enjoyed himself as a caritative villain) (so much so that you are finally with him, not perfect). Supporting Cast is creating a world that you feel that incompatible compromises have been created in modern flavors, and have been promoted without being perceived. Another BBC classic, highly recommended: This romantic literature should be dramatic.
