"Creep" is a new horror movie, without any doubt, many disciplines make the fans easy because it is so dirty and dishonest! It has a lot of real shock-ups, a completely annoying ego-sequence and a rare clusterropic pull. Is it not advisable to get it and a tough plot, but to tell you the truth, which did not bother me for a second. After the start of the last-credits, there are still unauthorized questions, but the director / writer Christopher Smith (during his debut) has expressed his full focus on tensions and adrenaline-gradual movements rather than theories, the existence of "creeps" on the London subway. can do. This story surrounds young and proud Kate, who leaves her own picture and is going to present her new film to the famous actor George Clooney. She fell asleep on the subway, missed the last train and she was trapped in the underground subway railway. They are really frightened while facing the kidnapped rabid-mad crabs for the abuses and abuses of the old tunnels. Even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewage workers can not rescue him from this tragic epidemic! I really dig the character of the cripple! She is boring, terrible and primitive but interesting in a strange way. Christopher Smith only releases our instructions and hints, and it is only for viewers to guess the source and background of this innocent animal. I think this is not very original, and I'm sure many people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and I think it's better than the top, the "Zipper's Cripps" style (that particular movie started very well, But after the identity of the crypto became clearer it became a very meritorious horror attempt). The obvious point of view-love is fierce! Some serious slaughter houses are going on in this film and make-up, as well as sound effects are very convincing. The abandoned London subway's evil setting is used effectively. After some five years after the German film "Anatomy", Frank Punta (Run Lola Run) returned to graphic horror, the film has some acting talents. I keep an eye when Christopher Smith is clearly a director while the cripps are in great mood. Make sure you do not have to go to the subway after watching this movie ...
