Emory was a Cincinati steel worker, like his father before, and most of the 20th century was the steel mill and union of two pillars of his family's existence. The mill, which is once employed in 45,000, has reduced its number of 5,000 recently and now 1, the plant has closed its doors only, which is the only security guard. Firstly, the young baker Emory and his friends enjoy their independence, hanging around the city and carcin in their favorite bars, where they "charge the depth" with free abandonment. They believe that the mill will be re-launched after hearing the hopes of their union representatives, but the reality started to find their products by selling their own vehicles in order to keep food on their table and stop their foreclosures in their house. Emory's father - a devoted union man - sure that the plant will reopen and remembered for his son for 35 years for his own short-term bondage. In the meanwhile, the unemployed prevented some people from employing jobs or took shelter in their trucks and searched for jobs unnecessarily. <br /> <br /> Finally the union acknowledges its helplessness, such as Emory explains that her dastardly father has changed that bar and that the call will not be opened again. Emory tearfully asked "what have I done wrong?" The hard work and respect for the work, union, church and family did not leave him and did not come anywhere. While drunk, when he threw a rock, he rebuked his younger boys and pushed his wife to the floor. He came out of his house and drowned by the plant manager's comments that he and his men did not work hard enough to justify their proper checkpoints, Emory recruits the employer to still do something that they can do to show what they do. In the morning they roam in the morning, burn the reactors and work harder than them in their life, transfer high quality steel pipe from the wall to the wall, enough to fill the loading docks from top to bottom. Plant manager thought was impossible. <br /> <br /> While reaching a sudden open plant, the ruthless manager saw that he saw a great output from one day's work and looked around and realized that such a production could again make the plant profitable. Manager Emory asks: "Can you do it every day?" Emory is not forced "no" and the manager asks: "So what are you trying to prove?" Emory explains that the respect of workers' hard work, honesty and their job was meant for the decade and by showing them how much they can produce in one day, "We spit on your eyes." Emory tells her wife and children an unfortunate departure when she closes her work with her friends to find work in the south, the family promises to move. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment of the plight of American workers deported by foreign tourists and their real view of the costs that they bear for the poor visions and greedy plant owners for their low vision. They can take every penny from their factory but they have not been refunded through modernization. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his college-son brother, introduced Pamela Reed Emory's sympathetic wife and her excellent performance in this excellent photo of all of her deceased parents as John Deckett.
