First of all, an explanation: Despite my title, I give only eight stars to this movie because it is not one of the best movies to be made overall. All the criticisms registered here are valid points. Also, beware that you have to appreciate the brightness of the script as well as the sensation of the brain in real emotional consonants. Especially for dry, Jewish, love-related satire, he has New York ears separately - and if there is a problem to accept limitation as your love expression then you may have trouble accepting optimism in the film. <br /> <br /> Many Warning. Here's my main point: Walter Mathouu is perfect, perfect, even perfect in this film. I have never seen him fun, or touching that much more - because at the same time he showed us the character of this character who refused to exclude his Big Star self-portrait or disrespect, even his associates diminished. , He shows us more weaker, even heartbreakingly horrible person inside the grouch. And he showed only that sad part - if you can deal with the mental decline of your father or husband, it is enough for you (I am referring to as a warning), but by artist, it is enough that perhaps this character may be a really deep root See the film's performance. It is beyond the method approach - the performance of Matthew's performance and comic distribution as fine as pure pleasure. This is a wonderful compilation of comic acting. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: I personally find his acting normally boring, and his work in this movie is no different - though here's some great moments here. ("Chicken funny ...." one of them.) So if you like her, you have to like it here, and you will not change your mind if you do not make this movie. <br /> <br /> About the Oscars of 1976 ... I agree that Matthew was objectionable against Nicholson in that year's "Kaku's Net". It was a killer year for leading actor competition; There was a separate nostalgic for comedy and drama, so I think the best actor Oscar El Pasino will be "dog day afternoon" and Walter Mathew "The Sunshine Boys" will not have to go to Jack's good work like McMurphy. , But I think Posino and Matauo were more efficient and surprisingly effective and neutral legends in their portraits than Nicholson. Also, I believe Barnes' supporting actress Oscars got more emotionally due to her performance quality - I mean, I was good at this film, but it was not good. (Burns's great but unexpectedly-itself, great Brad Derrief's "Kaku neste" shows a really cool debut, not to mention the extraordinary expression of Chris sardon in "dog-house room" - which I believe proves my theory.) <br /> < br> <br /> <br /> Apart from the Osaka theories, here are my bottom line reviews: If you like playing Maternal comic then check out this movie and find out Arahauja tiyarada and wonderful grandmother-inspired gestures, exaggerated facial expressions and apparently unauthorized companion. (But if you are currently losing an occupation with the pain of taking care of an old man, be careful that this movie may be the relief of your needs or it is very painful to see the level of reality now.)
