Based on Rebecca West's novel, this extraordinary 1982 film Return of the Solaris was seen. It is a forty-four explosive Captain who does not even tell his wife that he has returned to the British soil, but is in a London hospital. He lost his memory and a boy again, with a lasting yen for the lower class lover he followed 25 years ago. This is a fine story. While he is lingering in his childhood, the reader discovers that his wife is an intolerant, aspiring socialist who wants to resume his place in society. His cousin, Jenny, who lived with them, liked Chris Baldri as a soldier, when he was growing up as a player, but settled in Spenstadts. Low-grade female Margaret Gray, operated by Glenna Jackson Chris has returned to England against England. When Chris's wife Kitty was surprised, Mrs. Gray told him that Chris was in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is null and snobbish. Why did she ask herself, did this other woman send telegram to Chris? Chris has forgotten about the whole kitty. She wants to renew her relationship with Margaret. Now Married Margaret is reluctant to show her, but then she continues to meet him. A psychiatrist (Ian Holmes) has warned Kitty and Jenny that the lack of temporary happiness of Chris 'Margaret' will disappear if he cures her. Jenny realized that the key was for Kris and Margaret formed a secret-loving coalition. They both are in love with him. Jenny wants to help At the end of the movie, Kitty said that Chris and his son had died five years ago. Telling Chris, shrinking, will definitely bring him back to normal. But is this a good idea? Chris is rarely aware that he and his wife were aware of the death of his child and child. Psychologist, just learning the child, believes such knowledge will recover Chris. All of Jenny and Margaret are related to Chris, because of what he believes he is refusing to bring his young man back to the cricketer's illness in his fifty years. The film gives him much consideration to what he should do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But between Jenny and Margaret, the child's fully maintained bedroom - even with novels, but not on the screen - should discuss what they believe about Chris from their individual standpoint. Margaret is critical here, because he is married, but he has lost half of the love with Chris. Jenny's social status, Jenny believes, will threaten if Chris does not correct himself. He Margaret, although this is not revealed. Margaret decides that Chris can not maintain the fantasy of his time, but something like real life has to be returned. While looking at Jenny and Jenny's window, Margaret tells Chris to go out and tell her missing son. The head of the battle of barbaric warfare dipped, smoke on his shoulder, he look away. She walk dejectedly towards home. Fin <br /> <br /> I've read some critics of this first novel in Rebecca West. The novel was written after the first war. Jenny, her cousin or her sister who is not quite clear about this movie. Of course, if she was her sister, she would be more enthusiastic. Criticism It is not clear. I'm sure his novel West, sure Jenny is not his cousin, his sister. Take West Henry Miller and Anne, whose book Inkest (with his father in order to tempt him like his child, to relate to him), I considered reading, but I decided against him. Rebecca Author also needs to recover Chris too. His novel is outside of his head for society, his novel excels at first, but eventually embraces one more time.
