'The Shopping Aunt the Corner (1940)' A lovely romantic comedy, I will not be my favorite until the end of my day, but a movie is completely fable of its reputation. By the 1940s, director Ernest Lübitzh had captured Hollywood long before the storm, and his famous "Lubitash Touch" became a great commercial trademark. This film was planned for the liberation war of 1932, but the opposition to the time-setting means that James Stewart and Margaret Sullivan are unavailable for filming. Instead of replacing its main stars, Lübtouch decides that, in the Ninctka (1939), Greta refers to Garbo. By the end, when the end of the 'The Store of the Corner' appears to have been associated with relative indifference, Shimson received nomination for Oscar nomination despite Rafaelson's excellent screenplay and played a supporting role in both the Lead and Frank Morgan's great role. Still, with the high profile remix of the film's huge and lasting impact, 'In the Good Old Summertime' (1949) and 'You've Got Mail (1998)' <br /> <br /> <br /> On its surface, someone might guess 'The King of the Day of the Corner', the stories of only two lovers, Clara Nova (Sulvan) and Alfred Crawik (Stewart) who love each other without each other's love. However, Lubitsch's film runs much deeper than that. It's a stylish gift shop in Budapest, Matüsek and company stories, and various human relationships that make the shop such an intimate family. When the store owner Hugo Matusque (Frank Morgan) began to suspect the highest employee of his relationship with his wife, we saw the breakdown of both families at home and at work. Why does the story in the US should not have been established? Probably on the streets of New York's Blaster ?? But Lübitchche deliberately wanted to revive the feelings and memories of his previous years in Europe, before the war, there was a life of love and terror of living and every doorstep bleeding. This subtle subtext film brings more meaningful, personal touch ?? Actually, even when I write this review, I started to appreciate the story more. <br /> <br /> Both Sultan and Stewart are beautiful in their respective roles, but I think it's a supporting cast film. Each character brings a distinctive personality to blend, and their interaction is always credible and enjoyable. I especially liked how Lubitch was cognizant of our sympathy towards Hugo Matüseque, which was limited to a film, an adoptionary, two-dimensional illustration. Matuschek may lose the love of his family, but when he recovered it in the affection of his staff, and when you shine an impressive, in a Christmas Eve snowstorm bitter cold, he could find companionship in the young errand facing a thrust-boy (Charles Smith). This true warmth towards a supporter character seems to me the same as Billy Wilder's subsequent creation, for example, 'The Fortune Cookie (1966)' or 'Bomb Boom Jackson' or 'Fortwick Cookie'! (1972). 'Of course, it does not really need to speak, but Billy Wyder learned from the best.
