Shop across CORNOR is one of the sweetest and most felt good romantic comedies ever. There is nothing around it which is really hard to feel for the film's words. This is not one of the toughest movies that makes it very difficult, and it comes with absolutely the possible situations to get two titles together with each other. Indeed, all of his charm is in the birth, character and setting and the plot ... which is extremely credible for boot. It's a love story that looks any other beautiful, * It seems easy to happen to you ... This is a feeling that you do not often get from other romantic comedy but sweet and heart can be warm. <br /> <br /> When Alfred Crawik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullivan) came to the shop (Matüsek and Co.), he did not get the best wishes of the first meeting. Nine years, ask for a job. They are from the very beginning, most of the cigarette boxes that open music when it is open - they think it is a ridiculous idea; She makes it a big sale and gets paid. After sharing their souls and minds in the letters through post box 237, they both (later, unknowingly, of course!) Even after their love for each other, their baking takes them within the next six months. It can be a beautiful thin platinum. In addition to setting the foundation of a complete film, outside the shop outside, only parents are lone from Hugo Matschake (Frank Morgan), who is fully stocked with a brilliant supporter cast, who knows that his shop is actually his home; Pyrovich (Felix Brassert), Crawlik's Sidekick and Friend who always goes out of the house when facing the prospect of his honest opinion; Sunny Pimple-Du-Jaradas (Joseph Silkarkut) who finally received his grace from the glorious religious chronicles; And ambitious Major boy Pepsi Katna (William Tracy) who is Matuschek & Co. I do not want anything more than being promoted to the rank of clerk. In Hungary's Budapest this little shop 'Dear Friends' helps us to help two lovers in Kirkalik's extraordinary turnaround and post-director's promotion. It is beautiful that everyone gets a story in this film; Supporting letters are improved, and Matruake's touch touches almost the journey of her life as Alfred and Clara. The invitation of the new volcanic boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for Christmas dinner, created inside the beautiful ice of a Hungarian winter, makes the audience happy that he is not alone; We also care for a character whose love story is not the business of this film. <br /> <br /> In addition to the love story, tell me that James Stewart is really one of the best things in this movie. He does not play the whole hostage stewart person in this movie (C / F Mr. Smith, who goes to Washington); Actually Alfred is not a cortical coincidental and casual and especially kind. Home Boyish Charm Stewart will come shortly patented lazy shucks with a brusque man, indeed, little Hunt (up until, perhaps, too end). When he was going in secret to Claire, he asked, in fact, the 'crystal' apparently not anxious - he is waiting for it to see how much character he can take, especially since he quickly perceives sitting with sitting and sitting like an underling) Through exchange letters she knows that loving person can not love herself. His narrative (what name!), Who was famous for his fiancé, was fantastic, but the way to prove that these letters do not reveal to humans such as his letters do not show up in all. Stewart plays this role perfectly - whenever Clara insults Karlick unexpectedly, her face is completely controlled, because she can not even (and especially) do so often from her mouth. And yet someone still believes that under the brilliance and professionalism, he can express his identity as sincerity and sincerity as well as his * hope. <br /> <br /> Other members of cast should be special. Margaret Sullavan looks less than the first half of the film, but she actually comes to her in the Christmas Eve closing-shop scene, when Alfred often breaks her heart with the most brilliant description of her mailbox sweetheart. Frank Morgan leads the disgusting Hugo Metschke to the breakdown of the nervous system and leads to a great performance, the person who has to re-discover his meaning in life, when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife does not want to become older with her. And Felix Brastard surprised the role of modest but faithful Priberv (Lynchch regularly, as he appeared as a sunny Russian ambassador to Nintendo) - especially to note that he helped to give Christmas gifts to his best friend Alfred. The next * really * wants ... Clara is so tall in a Wal-Mart instead of that ridiculous cigarette box. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lübitch really makes himself proud of this picture - for example, detailed and careful care in detail in the construction of a matouche store is enough for the well-wisher of the Creator. Doors, accessories and cash articles and so on. But Lübitch decided to choose the story of Hungary, but that's the public: it could be anywhere; It could happen to you There are characters in this simple story, these credible characters who are really * people. Ice on Christmas Eve is real as good, or at least as Lubitsch could make it real (he was brought at the great cost of ice machines). This desire to express everything as realistic as possible helps to make the story more believable, which gives this whole film a dream reality which can not be copied. (No, even a remake like you did not even get the mail.) <br /> <br /> * It is a Jimmy Stewart Christmas film that people are missing out on talking about an extraordinary life of IT. Do not refrain from the quality of another film, but there will be no harm, and actually many are good, this Christmas is done during this Christmas, instead of seeing this Christmas. It's sweet, funny, charming, and Stewart's stupid role. We all have to be lucky, like the romance portrayed in this movie; The best thing about this movie is that we feel away from it that we are probably possible.
