This is full of big spoilers, so be careful. <br /> <br /> "Prix De Beaute" is always suffering from GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a Lost Girl", compared to Luis Brooks. "But in some ways," Precise "is an impressive Brooks film, where he has a chance to be charming without the dark side of his Pabst collaboration.Pabst is not the music of the film that has" Prix. "This is the first French movie, full of Luis Brooks mystery pictures, songs and Music has swelled swiftly with Charles, who was most associated with Charles Brooks (he was the first person to dance in Europe. Coppola, who played a plot point in "Prix", played with her little upbringing after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when she left her fame for an existence as the jealous husband Andrea's wife. When he did the same tango record in his apartment record player, he sacrificed his life The temptation became clear. Tengoti per diems from Brooks about his life, "Documents of Lulu," the title of a film with a documentary narrated by myakalaina brought. Tyanora quality of heroic and powerful but elegant and erotic personality Louise Brooks expressed strong-headed. <br /> <br /> The song, "Jai Nai, Ka'an Amr, Cyt Tei," is an extraordinary film that is not a great movie (but a very good). However, Bruce's voice was not dubbed for the film of Edith Peef, as anyone claimed. Paiff was born in 1915 and it was not until 1935. The character of the song Brooks, Lucien, started singing songs to Andrake at the beginning of the film and to express his deep affection for him. And in the final part, she sings for her screen test, which she sees with producers and managers who want to attract her career. After the husband's underarm, it is going on screen, who followed him in the screening room, shot him dead. The only shot, when Lucien's body was converted to the bottom of the screen, when his screen experiment continued with the song, he once sang in André, then what movies are not fully marked on other forms of art. When Andrew saw his dead wife singing on the screen, the murder weapon still smokes, she undoubtedly laugh. He is now his forever, and by association, ours Collectively, Luis Brooks crashed and burned after the real life career "Prize de Buyout", so it was also the death of his final acting role. This image is really more than Brazil Mastik's Pubert films (which is the highest film, no doubt). It also indicates what the films made about the whole idea of ​​"culture" - where people like Bruce, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death rather than living.
