We saw the silent version of this photo, and it is quite simply shimmeringly beautiful. It is very hard to see if a word version can be made, since it is shot with a perfect silent technique, long untitled addition of the story without the heading of the single interaction - save for some isolated sequences where louis brooks play the French typist, quite clearly in English It is said ... the only part that cries for the word is the final scene, where Brooks Watching for the 'sound film' for its test: The footage is continuously performed in the background as an action-oriented, with its face moving to the perfect soundless song. Later I was uncomfortable to learn that this passage was congratulated as an example of the new technique in the box version! <br /> <br /> The sunny sunshine of its opening scenes and the inevitable story of the follow story, the film is like a dream. As 'Luis Brooks Movie' I was not expecting from the Hollywood comedy or German Meldrumas of Gidbabsbest: I was even more spontaneous and enjoyable, and Brooks himself had a different animal, a sturdy shop-window vamp or manipululate doll instead of the young creatures Smile <br /> <br /> But unexpected second half of what gives a bigger depth than this picture The rich hermits refrained from clusters around her beauty, with her silently born true love, the silent princess returned a tears-colored reunion ... and the story could end very well. Fairy tales, however, are active from tragedy. Dylant Gravovsky, she is confident in her ability to use whatever she wants, still very accurate in her selfish prediction - young lover can not be happy with each other - and beauty competition was the right to disbelieve humor, ridicule, social impact: after the gravity of his moment , Lucien himself becomes frustrated over the cruelty of married life, when his sk Instead, the whole idea is to run wild by any reminder husband. If this is a simple case of a mixed marriage, it's one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many cases "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of Murunu's "Sunrise". But if so, the scenery and photographer scenes here will create a distorted mirror image of "Sunrise" delighted reunion; No dream but an isolated nightmare. And the following morning does not come in a miraculous reconciliation but an empty bed and deserted house. He left a letter that he loved him and always loved him, looking for brightness and freedom, Lucien again disappeared from Andy's life; And this time he will never come back. <br /> <br /> <br /> The Gospost column ensures the lowest consistency of all the underpants, because she can add her name to his wife's pride and know about the location of his wife. . When the screening-room lady finally enters the young activists, then they are captured and captured - praying in front of her rival's vision and she gives up to welcome Sunny Lucienne, the same woman who had pledged her reluctant affection. He killed him, but since he was killed, the living image was turned into a screen, as well as Lucien transformed all his forms, as he had never seen. Showing, stopping, unwanted, and dragging the two women is added to an endless, powerful moment: The dead girl and her singing soul are still above, the celluloid survives for some time in an infinite time, playing unconsciously in life or under death or love. .. <br /> <br /> The main jarring element in this photo is the character of the colleague Antoninen, who is his license butt Do not play any role. Contemporary 'dirty' He is the ugly, who can never get the girl, who survives and suffers from pain and suffering, and can take it all with an uncertain harmful smile in his vain hope for social recognition: a common product is more gifted and popular. Rumor, in other words, but the audience is invited to laugh with his pain. As long as a dark aspect is revealed to the dramas (for which I do not see any marks), the character is only comic relief, but comic relief with a distinct negative angle. When we know him as a perfect peeping tom next to the water, the smile is easy, although it seems a bit over the revenge of others; When we discover that he did not meet any other strangers, but Andre Cole and regular neighbors, the attacks continued to be very funny. <br /> <br /> But the pictures that remain there. Beauty, nightmares, and dreams.
