I was Mitchell Leissen fan's fan, so I had a great expectation of renting this movie, but the print that I received was extremely bad, so it stopped using it and the repair was torn apart, the film was so dark. So dark that you can not see the single thing in the cinematographed scene in the dark. That said, I believe I share the same opinion as the first review of this photo. It starts abnormally and does not pull the lines and rhythm of your ideal Hollywood movie 30. Hacks, even your typical Hollywod movie even in your era. It seems that the director was influenced by Europeans because the movement of the camera movement and Maggi (Carole Lomber) and the Skid (Fred McMurray) movement and the placement that has a certain caste reality in action from the start shot. If you expect half to start singing "believe" from the show shot. It started with a few smiles and poor antony, where he played the role of a scene where he was screamed by Freddy, not a word in English. Skids are a left who he does not care for a left. That is why he signed up in the army where he can hide the world. Although he was released in a set of screenplay Shenanizin, he missed his boat for New York. When this movie came in high gear and we started to complete the 60-second French film. Long-standing and Seasily Cunningham's scene has performed very well, the film has earned a pulse. McMurre is very good, because he and Lomber fell for each other, because he fostered his talent for the competition. Then comes in the form of temptation Dorothy Lamour. Enough with the plot. The movie has dazzled fantastic montage sequences in me. They are very good. And Lomber runs a house run in this film, but in the second half Freddy is said to be a bit more and she fails to deliver the product. Extremely melodramatic ending and you do not believe as an actor, the film is short, but it's not your ideal movie, design and direction set. It's worth a look. What was it between 37 hits in the 1936-37 season? I do not even know his exact rank.
