Neil Simon's ODD Cople established a model for several of his subsequent plays. Felix Unger and Oscars Madison were originally unwashedly pairing roommates, ex-piki and fragrance, secondly disappointed and loose. Simon Simon again successfully rewrote female roommates in the 1990s with the new Audid Coppel. She made a mixed couple (her daughter, and a woman with a man) among the goodbye girls. In 1973 he played The Sansin Boaz, Jack Allerson and Sam Levin as Al Lewis and Will Clarke, the adult, semi-retired Bhudevival. Here the "apartment" problem is to reduce a group of two men who can not stand on behalf of each other. In 1976, Walters acted like Walter Matthew and Al George Burns. <br /> <br /> In reality, Al-Willy does not think badly enough - Wiley is sick about Al. First Alh had little practice, as the letter spit slightly apparently with the introduction of the word "sound" of the word "T", and with the fingers of his index Willy did little jabing. Second, El retires when his wife dies. Willie is not ready to retire (and her nephew and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) was forced to try to get a job, but if Willy is not funny she can not remember the line, able to stay at a rehearsal for a commercial. . <br /> <br /> Ben's returning to a live show for a live show of his most famous sketch of a television show about American comedy Come to see Eli Willy, and the sparks start flying, because nobody else understands what's doing (and it's only in rehearsals, above that, Willy insists on changes (children, but they throw away the alkah) such as " ENTER !!! ", saying that when the alarms closed the door, the initial rehearsal was a failure, but Ben managed to tape his show. If the scene completes the scene in the finished program or Willy Al's neck will be wring <br /> <br /> <br /> Three Lead, Matthau, Barnes, and Benjamin, very well with one liners, f is a wonderful creator vaudville pattern memorable (ex. : "Chest pains ... I got chest pains, Uncle Willy. Every Thursday I came here and got chest pain! "" So, come on Friday! ") Benjamin tried to prove his deep affection to his uncle, although even though Mattoughur's rough outer shell makes it difficult (when he talks about glory, it is better to understand the real (maternal) reality than birds that are simply smooth (which is the first time Like) who repeatedly thinks of himself being revitalized - but in fact Martho's rejection of this world's rejection He, who once congratulated him, did not agree to behave properly. Barnes is not a sensual - he slowly takes things, but he is more happy to retire. <br /> <br /> I am a modern luis and clerk The ultimate "invention of the invention." Al and Willy crosses them old skits, they gradually realize their common age more than their last paragraph Even the irascible Willi admits that al ass (her) may be a pain in the ass, but he is a funny person. <Br /> <br /> Barnes "Al Luis" (Dale in Su Group's Smith and Dale's team). Jake was Beni. Benny probably did a good job, but the illness forced him (in 1975 he died). Barnes (as a narrator of Social Gold Cadillac in a film ending in a film in 1956) was the best actor to receive "Oscars" for his best supporting actor, and in the next decade there was a career in film. O Allah! Hey Allah! And going to style. He died in 1996 at the age of 100, proved that he was only a great person for his wife, Gracie Allen.
