I saw "Miracles Still Happen" at least four times now. I do not have this fantastic movie tire. From the very beginning, it holds the interest of a person As the film progresses and the plane crashes, the story has become very intense when we see this young girl alone trying to live and fear the Amazon, which was the only living after an aircraft accident. Besides losing her mother in this plane crash, this movie has made even more dramatic, because we had to endure this ten days in the Amazon. It seems to be really unrealistic and it seems that someone can really survive, because we saw wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wildlife and many invisible insects. As a result of the film, we see many dangers facing this girl, because she wants to follow the river hoping to go to town. How did his father say that how a flow would always lead to the river and then towards the greater river, and that means it would ultimately lead to a community, the young man would look for a short stream which eventually reached a huge river in all the movies. Sometimes it is time to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, injured, he always continues. At the end of this movie, he could not have been eating for ten days, as long as he could not eat for a long time and was only drinking water and was very ill and tired from his danger. Finally he sees a canoe, he realizes that there must be a village and the man will find him and they will take care of him and then take him to his hospital where his father will come to see him, because he is dead, the passenger. Such a dramatic movie and his father's face is so impressive to see when he sees his daughter really still living in the Amazon after all this time! Movies like this are not made in a lot of days. I still have to see it and I know that I will never be tired! This girl can not think of the sole survival of this plane! He also hunted only a few injuries, even more remarkable, when the others of this plane died in a horrific crash in the Amazon flood. A brilliant movie, acting out nicely and one I would love to continue to treasure and watching forever! Strongly recommend by me for sure!
