This was considered "the ring north of the Lord of the Rings", but it is much more than that. This is not a reply, it's something new in itself, some fun and sometimes it's stupid, stupid and stupid - but is Monty Python different from what's stupid? <br /> <br /> Immediately since the beginning this statement is not meant to take the film low budget and take it seriously seriously. Cardboard clouds on the strings hit the aircraft in the main character. However, to compensate for the special effects of missing, landscape techniques. It is absolutely beautiful and stunning - New Zealand needs, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> The way I like about this image was the simple method and it was clear emotions and power. It's not bright; It has got some good ridiculous parts yet. Edward Pissin, like Fredo, has become absolutely convinced, because of that it will be enough to see and watch the movie! There are some good jokes, some of them are long march, some of them outside Switzerland can not understand. I like the idea of ​​"Urso" instead of Uruk Hei; I like the scene where Fredo travels with her "Popsee", decided to take a telhobie. Racklel, the warring knight of the sword, decided to meet his sword still very interesting - and after breaking it broke it. And this scene where "Najjul-Isha" characters are a wonderful comic scene, which has a toilet brush ... I did not approve the idea of ​​the ring used by "Galum" character, Shallily. The order of women "seduce". That was a little fetched away. The idea that Lord Solarus wanted to cover the ground with fondue is not that bright. The original, of course, but not bright. But most of the time I dislike the idea of ​​gay dragon, which was not really necessary. Above all, I only recommend watching the film because it is very crazy and completely shy. Do not expect Lotor Parody like "Spaceball" for Star Wars. But if you go on flights it seems like it's going to a fun evening, there is absolutely no ambition, then you will enjoy. I'm not sure whether it works in other languages, because it's live with Swiss dialect as well as jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> Everyone: Who does the Swiss crew cut hat with courage? That did!
