Sarafina was a fun movie, and some songs were really great. Sarfina was very entertaining. I usually do not like music stuff like this, but like singing it was not tall. The film was useful for learning about history because it was an interesting point of view of the Suevo riots of 1976. It showed you things from the students' view of the riots and showed you that they are actual characters. Because you have seen them as their real character, it makes them more interested in you as an audience and makes them sympathetic to you as the victims of white governments that you can not sympathize with them. The singing of the students is right, because we know from the account that the riot students were singing and dancing before being violent. The clothes of Sarfiri's students are similar to the costumes displayed in the film from Sweito. They have actually made films in Swetto, so this is very accurate in many parts. These things make it more accurate for a person who uses it to learn about the unexpected. As the audience we have presented racist history must be critically important. As I said before, you are sympathetic to the students - it makes possible less reliable and motivational. Also, it changes some details from another account. When students in Sarfina went to their classroom in classrooms and shot students, then they went to chaos. Police and army were very aggressive in Swetto, but it is probably an exaggeration event. The police and the army shot the students, but they went to schools and this kind of people are not arbitrary evidence. The war was more on the street and there was loot and crime. Perhaps you worked in the film to be sorry for the students in this school. The movie could be more useful if there was some different information about Aparthied. The government was arrested against the teacher, and a white man from the mother went to work at home. But there is no information about the government and why they are not doing any information about racist policies and laws. - George S., Chris and Finlay
