This picture reminds me of 42th Street by playing Daniel and Ruby Keller. When I see this movie, it reminds me of the 42nd Street, especially the character Alois, who is a temperament star and it suddenly disappears and breaks his ankle, as Bebe Daniels is on 42nd Street and other actors get part and become star. . This movie, like most race movies, people are watching because of great entertainment. Race movies always show black entertainment because it was actually popular in that era. Dance style, music, dress style, you love it. This movie can be great if it is made in Hollywood, it is a good visual, good filming, and more money that can make a film better. But it's good because it looked good and Michael did well with his little bit. All of me have to say Mikehex's movie, Swing is the best! The movie was popular with singers, dancers, actresses and actors, but forgot today. Doli Armena, a horrific female trumpet player who can put horn so good that you think Gabriel is blowing a trunk in the sky. Sexy, hot female dancer consoles Haris Ann Miller and Gespee Rose Lee were shy. Adding more information ... The 30th and 30th Coal Green's popular blues singer is the main focus of the movie, Mandy, a good, hardworking woman whose good man takes his money and the other With spending it on women. Amanda Randolph's performer, who saw and heard a helpless neighbor, Mandy, and Mandy went to the club and took her person with a striking, curved woman named Alois (30 of whom played hot-tea entertainer Hazel Diaz) and a breakout of the war. Then Mandy went to Harlem, where he played with some guardian angel Lena, one of the most beautiful women in the film Dorothy Van Angle. Lena, along with a home, offers a job and helps her as a star when Kora Smith (Hazel's performance, I think she plays two parts or maybe she changed her stage name) tried to destroy her with her bad behavior. When Kora becomes drunk and breaks her leg, Lenya admits that Mandy is right and Lena is right and born in star star Mandya. Long, tall, lanky, but beautiful Carmen Newsmeem is a cool cool producer who is watching Lenano. Beautiful boy Larry Simu does not play a good man, but after Lena threatened him, he could be shaped. There are some highlights but I have a stack in the corner where Kora Smith (Hejel Diaz) is standing late for rehearsals and has gone to everyone and her man comes and behind him in the jaw, but it is not enough, Gets in Comedy has great entertainment through girls, dance drama, shake dance, swing music, and blues music. Even white people have watched the entertainment, I wonder where Michael has found them, there is also a scene where black and white are sitting together in clubs, Michael often integrates black and white in his films, he should be praised for such bold steps. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first ever enjoyed first race film and it helped me introduce Oscar Micro. This film is one of the best films of the race film, it shows the story behind the show, the story about the business up and down. <br /> <br /> Compare these initial race movies with the best, not Helaluzah, Green Pastors, Stormy Weather, Cabin in the Sky, Carmen Jones or any other Hollywood movie, because they are more about making their black films and plus Movies have black life and black entertainment through a black person's eyes. These movies allow blacks to make people beautiful, enthusiastic, and elegant from all corners of life, and do not think how black should be portrayed not just stereotype or white. Most of the actresses and actresses of these race movies were not the best, but at that time they were the only person, Michael and Spencer Williams Nina Maikinie, Josephine Baker, Athel Waters, Freddie Washington, Paul Robson, Rex Inger and more big stars, And other black and white nation filmmakers use nightclub actors in their films Rob, there were some good actors and actresses, but I believe that Mikecos and others knew that not the best actors and actresses, but rather than actual genius they used more than a single test, they just wanted their stories, and many Black actors were able to perform their true genius in the film. Race movies for some true actors / actresses were the only type of movie they can get, especially if they do not want to play stereotypes of Hollywood, so I think you can spot the true actors / actresses of nightclub actors. . These race movies are very historic, they are lost forever, many have lost, maybe race movies are not the best examples of movies, but even Hollywood movies have not started in the beginning. I think if the race film continues, it would be better. If you are looking for a great acting, most race movies are not, but if you look at the black examples of black entertainment and black scenes in the movies, then compared to the clock-festive movies. There are some recreational nation movies with a well-played cast, Harlem, Body and soul over the moon, Harlem in paradise, Put panning, Sunday sinner, Dark Manhattan, broken string, boy! Hot an al girl, Mist in In Swing, Harlem in Miracle, and Sepia Syndrella, which is not only good entertainment but good performance.
