The American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Junior (starring Nick Nolt's brain's ambiguity) lives happily in Germany with his actress wife HELG Noth (Sheryl Lee) at the beginning of World War II. At the top of his life, Howard was drafted by American Agent (John Goodman) for spying on allies; As already told about the risks of work, Howard could lose everything, but the offer seems inevitable. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell hid himself with the unknowing life of New York City, which made his neuroses more The central question of the film (in fact, a question that frustrates many critics) and Kurt Vongtu's source novel is "Campbell hero or traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Wade offered our advantages, but there is no answer, and this obscurity? Did not know this ?? Which keeps fresh and attractive across "Mother Night". At the beginning of the film, Nolt portrays Campbell as intelligent and confident; In the end, for the role that he had played in the war, he was afraid and uncertain, or horrible and his contribution to humanity / debt is absolutely certain. Gordon applied a specific ice-sheet to the first half of the film, which fulfills his portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and captures Vangugh's dramatic side. Next to the flip, when Campbell was discovered by a group of Nazis only in his solo New York apartment (which he is known to be "purgatory" tenderly), the humor created is also completely independent of the author, and the dramatic tension arising out of a temporary respite. The moral (even spiritual) contradiction "Mother Night" gifts do not lend itself to the easy solution and should a degree be confused? Campbell's black and white scenes roam indecently while in prison? Israel suggests a vague thought that is not concealed from us? For example, Campbell is a character whose very inner work we rarely know; The war changed him, as a result of his return to America, he was forced to meet with the Nazis of New York and increased his face against "action", where he could only look weirdly in his own image. Spewing a wall, anti-Semitic Father. Perhaps the best response we could expect for that.
