The point that marks the magical moment in life, the beautiful innocence of childhood, and the erroneous ventricle that marks the adults. . . All about what this movie is about <br /> <br /> Right now, at the moment when the movie starts, Danny (surprisingly played Ridge Witherspoon). He falls on Elise, plays his record and deliberately thinks for love. Her sister Maureen will soon be admitted to college, there is no problem getting attracted to the boys, and she does not seem to have found all that. He is also a local damaged person who is also his father, and wants him to find a suitable boy and throw his legs. Like most young people, Danny wants that she can be someone else, but most young people think that they are not really enough. She wants to be Maureen but she does not feel herself beautiful. Recently the father died, the court went to their old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. She has to be strengthened when she should have fun. On a special hot day he went to the pond and found only Danny Skinny sinking. They shouted out and left Danny. But after a day they met each other when the court's mother Amani invited Danny to the old friends (Danny's parents). Daniyas are attracted to the court, and the courtroom near the court. She has a tomboy and spunky attitude, and what her mind says. <br /> <br /> The court's age is 17 and Dani 14, and he knows that they are growing more closely with their days in the pond of the court because of doing farm work. The court kissed him one day, Danny died. Danny's father asked him to be invited to court in court and he did. But due to its "date", some uncomfortable for the court. His meeting with silence Marion has broken, yet the court can not see. Look at one on two and all of its. The face of pain and defeat in the face of the world is both beautiful and painful both of them. I will not say the rest of the film but there is more to the movie than the relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The glory of this movie is illustrated both at both the beautiful and painful moments. And the relationship between the two sisters is that their love is tested by both children, and the pain they must bear both together and separately. When the world's gateway to the world is seen in his eyes, the world is considered to be less wicked than its wickedness, painful and even the movie begins. Some movies can really imagine childhood and perfectly mature pain. For the first time in this movie I thought it was stuck in my mind. It's my top 100 movie list and so deserve. So if I just want more movies like this because. . . My faith in Hollywood would be much better.
