When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it, and it got some good reviews. I saw the first episode of this "Forensic Fairy Tale", because it preached itself, and I really got involved in it. I love it. This show is a good idea of ​​humor and fun to see a good show like this. Cast is excellent as their character, and I do not want to change them anyway. <br /> <br /> For this stranger, near the center of a person named Pushing Daisies (played with Uk Pie Maker, Lee Pace) who was a boy who discovered a special gift: He can bring the dead alive to the touch of the finger . He did the dog first, Digby. However, it is caught: If he keeps the deceased alive for more than a minute, then someone else dies. When he brought his mother back to life, after the death of his childhood crush father, Nad died in place of his mother. The other caught if he touched that person again he died again, but this time is good. Her mother learned to kiss her a good night kiss. His father took him to the boarding school, and when he left, the river never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> After nearly 20 years, I got a nappy as a bakery owner, "Pie Hol." Ned's colleague, Olive Nacock (Christian Chanoyette) is buried on the river, but Ned rejected his steps, trying to not surround anyone to learn from past experience. Private Investigator Emerson Code (Chi McBride) invented the donation and decided to partner with him to resolve the murder. Nedi touched the victim, who asked who killed them, and when the minute is over, he touches them again, and they solve. The way they usually solve it. In all episodes, there are very interesting plots in the murders and what people expect is that <br /> <br /> One day, Nedi discovered that to solve his next massacre Her childhood darling, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Ana Freel). He comes back to his life and decides to break the rules and keep alive. In his place, the funeral director, who stole jewelery from the dead, died. When Emerson finds out, and Chuck wants to help solve the killers, he does not agree - for a while, we call him Chuck a 'dead girl'. Olive, chalk ants Vivian and Lily (respectively, Allen Greenini and Suvosi Cartz) and secretly keep secret, if anyone recognizes him from motherland, news etc. Vivian and Lily, previously synchronized swimming, have not left the house for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. <br /> <br /> This event is a fun, beautiful character, it has a lot of plot twists and of course your spirits increase. I hope I will not be rejected at the 13th episode.
