This show was praised by critics and those who had realized that any matches between "Pushing Daisies" style and anyone else were not stolen. (Yes, I've seen "Amelie". "Pushing Daisies" are somewhat similar but still quite different from the original.) Instead, there are few shows on TV that have such a playful charm. The greatest harmony is "Dead Lake Me" but the "PD" comes with the same similarities honestly: Brian Fuller made both shows. (Both shows include an "unwanted" young girl, for example.) This show never stopped to be funny and charming, and it was always weird, but consistently human was. <br /> <br /> I must say a conference on the ongoing story lines. Some people complain that the show lacks a moral center because Nedi thinks without any consequences because of the death of Ad Chuck's father (first and last few episodes). First, it should be a new definition of "without any consequence" because, indeed Nad was only a boy and did not realize that he had caused Chak's father's death, yet he was also guilty of the moment he realized what he had to do. Moreover, about a dozen episodes in the series, Nedi finally admitted to Chuck that he had given his gift because of his father's death. Now, there is no police to charge the person due to the death of a person by scaring other people again, so should the question of absence and restoration should be taken without social guidance. In other words, it is between ned and chalk, who is not interested in apologizing to Ned. <br /> <br /> But it shows a problem with the story lines of the network drama. I remember when David Carusor's character of "NYPD Blue" made something wrong and looks like he went with him - all year round - he was caught and forced to resign from the job. The point is that the audience should learn right now and it should not be assumed that a regular character makes a mistake in a single episode, and is not caught in that episode, because he is away with her. The next week is always there - and even next year.
