To confirm "Pishing Degrees" in the last 5 years, you agree with one of the best series of TV shows. Brian Fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative mind. "Dead Lake Me" (2003), "Wonderful" (2004) and the other is not as spectacular as this, but he feels behind other great TV shows like "Hero" (2006). It is a mixture of Brian Fuller in the wonderful world, which was created in the previous TV shows, again a wonderful fiction blended the Earth, which spread to the colors of the real color, in the inconsistent and exaggerated feeling, a story that is always a story. So, a kind of fairy tale is that you can not expect much more than an unrealistic world and unexpected circumstances, or situations, but generally it is not. <br /> <br /> The gift always comes with a curse, and what sweet can be bitter. This is so, Ned (Lee Pace), The Pimicar, a wonderful gift, an easy gift other than an amazing chef: He can only give life to the dead by touch. It can be a force that everyone will die - or live - if it is not a simple and very sad thing, then if he touches again, he can give it to the dead forever. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop here ... everything has been compensated and if he brings life for more than a minute, then another speed of his will be killed immediately. He was a man full of unfortunate events in his life that he grew up spontaneously, always afraid to touch everything and loved one day more love. Eventually she could have been close to her eldest childhood love, Chuck (Ana Freeel), if she did not have any other sad incidents, she had died. He gave his life again and loves him as much as he loves, but this love is untouchable. Death really kiss. <br /> <br /> When I first heard about "Pishing Degrees", it was circulated as something very familiar (or perhaps some kind of respect) to any of Tim Burton's. Made from "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie and the Colelet Factory" (2005), from "P-Way's Big Adventure" (1985). The results can not be good. The world around the pie hole was great. Stories around Nude and Detective Code (Chi McBride) can be very common in solving criminal crimes, but it is a way to guide people through chaos and olive (Christine Chanohoth) amazing stories surrounding amazing stories around the world. Beautiful and dreamy images that you can feel almost the taste of colors. Not only that, you have gathered in a bunch of amazing and elegant gentle character, even with those even with the deepest dark smiles. <br /> <br /> Forget about the trivial idea of ​​murder and extravagant crimes, show brights and many other winners. Here is the actor's note top. Lee Pace tender, included for asking as soft and character. Anna's friel is brought to the show's Muse of it is supposed to be her character. But the most striking time is always with supportive actors such as MacBride (Detective Emerson Code), Swivzi Cartes (Lily Charles), Allen Green (Vivian Charles) and Christian Chenonoth (as Olive Snooker). Sovaji Cartz starred in an extraordinary dark humor, starring dry dry character, which may be afraid of a shirt, is definitely his best conversation and his expression and body language are fun. But if the best conversation is given by Sovaji and his character, then the best fun moments are given by Christine Chanoyoth. It seems that he's always improving, he's naturally funny that every single scene is decorated. Christie, 2009's Emmy winner, was so bright and fully qualified for her supporting role in this exhibition. There is also chemistry between actors and their characters, which is amazing. <br /> <br /> This TV show has no words to reveal exactly what is going on and what is going on. Those who think this show is wasted time or are not claiming to find any idea, they must remember that they never will: childhood <br /> <br /> The truth will be told ... This amazing TV show was not so brave on TV. "Pishing Degrees" was a huge step in terms of great artistic entertainment and its sudden death was so disrespectful. It is true that the TV does not respect great TV shows such as creating Brian Fulla - only "in the air" which is still in the air and it is as wonderful as the other.
