Young Archaeological youth said. Fanschev (Mark Lathen), his museum, was sent to the vast country of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his work was the oldest and the motivation and index for the collection of curiosity was found. Recent deaths father Squire. Squire was surprised by the arrival of the fanva, he was not waiting for him for another week, but fewer than him did not greet him and his only servant Paten (David Barke, instead of Fanshawe to finish his big job, would have to stay for some days. It was not that it was not the most friendly and the Fanschair's trip does not seem to extend, the big empty room Make fun, clean and maintain for him.Fanshawe is a warm sort, very nice and precise with everything in his place, whether they hate his clothes or his books and papers and he's rather dirty by his house. He is more interested than starting his work, but he is unaffected because his telescopes have been damaged in the transit, so he Squirre is a replacement pair, The Squirer who asked a modern thinker but it would rather be helpless that such things are interested in getting rid of the surroundings, so he forced Phanshaw to the top of the hill and walks so that he can study the estate and the surrounding villages, There, Schuyer instructed him in points of interest: Local people, including Hallow Hill, were harmful for their crimes and miscreants, their interest was taken by the local Abe, which has been described as the ruins of Schuyir, but Phanhawe can see it through telescopes, which is not clear, he investigates further and pays to visit emotional sites And there are few stone residues that are shocked to find? There is not too much time for Fanschev to think about this conundrum because he thinks he saw that he felt presence, he started to see the shade in the forest, and he came home. After dinner, he gave a detailed description of the dangerous day of squares, Patin kept an eye on the story and gave an explanation for it. Two-way! They belonged to a local people called Baxter, who considered the bones and cranes collected from the Gallej Hill, were somewhat restricted for conokation or others, in a night the backsets disappeared mysteriously, at the end, Schweier acquired ownership with his accessories. Made out of a skull and some old etchings in the area. These beats fascinate Fanshek, because he had seen Abbey through his telescope, but he learned that Abbey was destroyed during Henry VII and so it was impossible to draw the sketches of the box, they were not less signed and in the recent past, due to the date of the bacteria he concluded The telescopes have reached some special power. That night, he dreams of a terrible dream, when he wakes up, he closes the telescope with a close view of them, he is astonished by what he sees, but he himself is in dangerous danger? Fanshev finally gets trapped in his dangerous feeling, as the dark falls in squirrels and a search team now goes in search of lost archaeological discoveries, they shout aloud on the glazes of HLL, they increase their speed, but they make their fate To help or save Phanshawe? The Ghost Story for the Christmas series, created by the BBC, sadly ended the initial run of film with The Ice House in 1978, mostly based on the work of the MR James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was revived briefly and a view from the Hill also came back to James's work, whose former writings disappointed many generations of readers. The new director of the series, Louis Watson, may have worried the fans of the old film, but he returned to the abandoned period of the next film, which later set the voice for a great Ghost story, his command confirmed that the mood of the master works and is gradually dangerous Climax enhances the fearsome factor, what do visitors do at the minimum Ena keep it, thus reinforces the tension and secrets. Provides an uncertain backdrop for the fatefulness of the atmosphere in the rural areas, the falling vacuum and the bad sunlight of the sun. Cast it must be called all superb and perfectly cast their respective role. The concept behind telescopes is simple but very effective, the use of man-made objects to see the phenomena seen in the miracle creatures and naked eyes, and even the next year, which may be affected by its film La Habitación del Nieno (2006), with which it looks interesting. Carries. I've heard mixed reviews of this special movie, but I must say that I was always impressive and it had put some hair on my head and gave me a few shirts, something that is not too much nowadays, I think any negativity around the movie is only for her Can be identified for pensing, which is the fulfillment of my eyes but it is death to modern audiences To be seen as slow. It's been a lot of time to spend 40 minutes to expand the characteristic and expansion of the plot, and I must say this is my new darling and one of the best movies of the decade.
