Imagine that you can get whatever you want, wherever you want to go, something that you have never dreamed of - by alone thought. Now share this gift with the love of your life. What do you want to do Will this kind of power be worth your soul? Captain Christopher Pike presented the legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series "The Cage" to this conflict. The "The Cage" was still the most ambitious and expensive pilot in the history of the network, and Nintendo Bras was considered to be "very brainy" and "very cold" by the NBC Bras, and this effort was lost to Gene Roddbry everyone. As a result, this is the real classic Star Trek episode, which embeds "The Cage" in a frame story that shows the mentality of this hunting story. Bang philosophically deepens and extends, a landmark in TV history, and the first real serious scientist story to be portrayed for a small screen ... Star Date 3012: After sending an emergency message from Mr. Spokek's former commander of Enterprise, USS Enterprise went to Starbase 11. Surprisingly, the message can not be from Captain Pike, because now he has been in a wheelchair, silent and terribly disconnected after an accidental accident. Commodore Officer in Kirk and Starbase tried to reach under the mystery of the Commodore Mendess, but before the matter was cleared - spoke for an unknown reason - an open rebellion law, helpless Captain Pike's abduction and enterprise hijacking, a brilliant thought and time supported by several Valkan nerve pins Plan Soon, Enterprise remote, Talos IV is headed for banned planets. Mendes informs the Karkak that Talos IV is under intervention and immediate execution of the Starfleet ships or crew by the planet has been executed, which means that the speech is deliberately destroying itself and the Kikke is also blamed for the captain as well. For the activities of the ship. Unexpected, the kirk and the Mendes are back in the shuttlefat, when the enterprise refuses to answer their calls or the cocktail is picked up until energy and oxygen are almost gone. Spoke - Knowing that the car might be the ship - certainly unable to hand over Captain to death. After reinstating the truck and issuing an order to attack the occupiers, he expressed his desire to arrest what he had done with McCain and after Tales set the starships in the unchanged course until the fourth. At the order of rebuilding, Kirk claimed an explanation, the speaker immediately requested the court martial by the commanding officer of the String Commanding Officer - three of whom - Mendes, Kick and Pangu invalid Captain Pike. The encyclopaedic knowledge of Sparck's sterphate regulations allows him to present the tribunal otherwise inaccessible evidence. The Spock Federation and Talos represent the only communication video recording made of the fourth inhabitants - a journey under Pike's command by the enterprise 13 years ago. Kirk expressed doubts about the authenticity of the video due to its extreme detail, but PK himself confirmed the reality of the illustrated facts, who fostered Talsa IV, who called the annoying call from the alleged survivors of the Federation research. The ship crashed 18 years ago. Vina in B survivors, a stunning beauty disaster has just been born before. Pike attracts the girl and allows her to draw to an isolated spot, then she has gone astray and possessed by the Talosians, a race of strange humanoids with the huge ability to transform the virtual power and the idea of ​​virtual reality. After capturing the pike, the residue "survival" disappears because none of them existed except Veena. When the Tribunal violates the Starosle regulation, the "proof" of Spark actually transmits directly from Talos IV to the enterprise, in the Tribunal, when this episode ends. Starfleet orders an immediate suspension of execution, and we wonder what might happen ... Continue reviewing "Menagerie: Part II"!
