During the 3-year run of the original Trek series, the part of Manjeri was one and two were the only two-potters and it was because Rodenberi was able to insert most of the footage from the first pilot "The Cage". The steps were made to overcome the problems of episodes during the production process (such as the return of an SFT coming back in the 1960s). Then there was a positive outcome that the audience was not aware of the pilot nearly two years ago, these regular performers were treated with new crew and captain for these two episodes, as the producers spent twice in the history of presenting a TV episode for a dozen years in the history of sterophyte For the meaning of these episodes (though they are still in the first episode 'United Spacef. Lit 'words). <br /> <br /> The Raparound story begins with the plot of space mysteries: Enterprise for unknown reasons Starbase is changed to 11 and soon the Shananjan suspect is suspected. Curiously, even though McCau has even made the Volckon tradition of speech incomprehensible to its impossible part, the speech actually spawned some of our precious stashships in Shanhai's rebel plan and his former captain Piak. Well, half of the people spoke, we tend to forget. Or he's just crazy? This can be very good, because he is directing from the enterprise to Talos IV, so the planet limits the only known execution of Starfleet's books. When Jog up, Spock has a great view surrendering a flabbergasted MacKay, as Uhura looks on shock. Even the Kekak, who should remain firm as a captain, does not know what to do with the unreasonable behavior of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the third and final works, we started seeing images sent by a mission 13 years ago, when Captain Pike was commanding and Spake was one of his officers. We do not know where we are going all these and what we want to achieve - and this is another thing that makes it a very good 2-potter - we really need to know what it is in the second part. Spock is not only facing serious penalties, but as well as the Kirk's career may end, it seems. Doubling danger, people It was also the first television festival to publish one of these shuttlecrafts (in fact, nobody was available "inside the enemy" when the crafts were needed). There is also one of the perfect matte paintings to publish the future Starbase's environment - it was the only way to visualize such things. Finally, keep an eye on Kirk's smog method at the beginning of the episode - boy, things go ahead as the story progresses.
