Oh dear Yet "Oureland" and another example of religion. There is no doubt that we will see some boring nonsense of some "violent and macho freedom fighters" from the IRA. My initial reaction was only after one and a half hours after the credit started, I was in shock. What a fantastic movie <br /> <br /> The story begins in the year 1950, between Shaun Claoney and Sheila Kelly. There is a slight problem in marrying a Catholic church, and Sheila is a protestor, but for the wedding incident, the rock pledges that her children will be raised Catholic and attend to Catholic schools. Old enough The story - which was set in the 1950s - then there is a few years ahead that Clonni's daughter school is going to start, but Sheila decided that local local protesters would attend school at local protesters because she went to school. <br /> <br /> I put my cards on the table and say that despite the tradition of both the Irish Catholic and Scottish protester, I was raised as anonymity and myself considered an atheist throughout my adult life. In fact, when religion comes, I think of myself as a Marxist and a poor weapon to use religion as a human. A loving person shows how they are appointed to tell how good parents think about themselves and what they can believe. If Karl Marx looks like this movie, and it's a great composition, can I have embarrassment? Perhaps the drama of this story does not show that what happens when other people think of you when it comes to you <br /> <br /> In response to some critics of this movie, I do not claim the exact description of what happened to the county Wexford. And the father's staff and the Catholic sheep can not be portrayed as bad, but Sheila herself is not Does not seem dosa. Think of a woman living in the rural village of Ireland in the 1950s, who promised to raise her children as a Catholic, then she would change her mind and believe that there will be no consequence? A warning against accepting these commitments and not keeping them. Not only that, he disappeared to make other people cut into pieces of their isolated life. There is no such thing that no one else has accepted and the only characteristic of any kind of moral sentiment is that former Iraqi man Andy Bailey, who was a member of the era of the past (because he made a change, we are not talking about the Devil himself) but only an atheist who Decided to think for yourself <br /> <br /> Love is a great movie that has a lot to say about yourself, all With whom I agree. If there is any kind of criticism then it feels more like a movie rather than a movie, but believe that I can live with it and anyone who thinks religion is the opiate of the people
