When I first read Hamlet, I could not help but think of ending in Faroeb, where Bate Millelaar left the game unknowingly and said, "Give me Romeo day." Whether a man is trying to decide to do five things, his uncle or not? Regarded as my overkill. But after more reading, I really appreciate the game. I have seen versions of the Olivier and Gibson films (and part of the Nikol Williamson version), and all of them have taken their model from Olivier; Danger dan Olivier did not work at least about it self-motivated, but Gibson and I saw what Williamson saw, "Look, Mom, I'm acting! I'm acting!" <br /> <br /> <br /> Here's the version of Kenneth Branghé, which is exciting from the end. It was finished in # 1 in 1996 (behind England's patient, and Lone Star, Jerry Maguire, Fargo, Secrets and Lace, I love you all, disaster, big night and Richard), finished # 2. And it's best kept in Hamlet and probably the best Shakespeare, the movie. Obviously, the 70mm print of the full-length version of Branagh can not be the genius of the creature and can not lose our interest for four hours, but the headline role of this movie which is ignored is its effectiveness. . Until this year my favorite performance was. The actors who avoid Branagh melodrama seem to be trapped by Hamlet's game as a normal, regular man, and the way to understand each step of our steps and feelings. Contrary to Olivier, who used to depend mostly on his voice, Branag used Hamlet's whole body in terms of the emotion that was observed, but he played it as normal, none of it seems like a scenery-chewing. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast as well as the top notch. I did not think of Jack Lamon, although I agree he was the weakest member of Caste. The most wonderful change has come from Charles Hesson; I always saw him as tough as the board, but he is commanding quite as player king. Another big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I would make him a mistake as a first grovigiger, but when he was in character, he was a normal fun person. Above all, a magnificent film!
