First, I do not like. Actually did not really hamlet up to the standard. Branagh is really doing much over-the-top, mostly yelling. In my opinion, those actors did not have a big name celebrity usually did a good job; Although I dropped Billy Crystal and Robin Williams out. (And Charlton Haston, but I'm not sure whether he is playing while being a hack.) Many of the blurry in the game was resolved in flashbacks in a similar way. <br /> <br /> Do I think too much about this game is accessible to it. Shakespeare is hard to understand for the vast majority of people nowadays; Many people are not even prone to try because of his fame as serious literature and his fame as Old English. If they can see this movie, then they can understand the interpretation of at least one person's game. They will see more from Shakespeare's audience: Seeing the war with the sword and fighting, the mighty dynasties and fame, murder, displeasure, evil plans and ghosts - and great art, if anyone thinks of it, Shakespeare's days are mostly in comparison to most people. Now more. For the restraint of Brunge, and his interpretation of the audience's story, he may be somewhat frustrated by Shakespeare's art, but the modern audience can get a part of it instead of doing nothing. <br /> <br /> I have to say 'one more thing though.' Some people complain that "it is set in the 19th century and it is not the time of Shakespeare". Well, in Shakespeare's times their costumes and scenes were their own days for their own plays. Shakespeare may have been dressed in ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or whatever he said, but he did not wear the clothes he used to do, as he used to wear his own time. For the same reason his play full of anachronisms. For example, on the day of Robin Hood - John is in English and French canon. They talk about the chimneys in Julius Caesar, which were not invented for thousands of years, and they spoke about Machiavelli at Henry Square, who was still not born. So I think this objection is folly - you can complain that the game is not Danish (they do not live in Denmark?).
