Moonchild categorize is a very difficult movie. It's easy to think of it as two snapshots of the central character life. This character is a street gang member who is set to set up a multicultural city in the future and one of them is not a animal stuck in a moment like any other person, and it's a place where it's different from anything else I've ever heard of this movie. It's a vampire of original characters that is not actually covered, it's just something that will be dealt with like any other problem. How to communicate with characters is surprisingly realistic - there are embarrassing relatives and tricks that appear to be cold, which do not just work, which leave the film in a lot of cases, with a very nice feeling, not taking it very seriously. <Br /> <br /> Another area that really stood near me was the language. The fictional city of Malleppe has different cultural groups, and the letters can speak a language that they would expect. Japanese gang members speak each other as Japanese, but Chinese speaks with Chinese characters, Probably the most fun exchange involves an Australian and managed in English. Out of the four controversial main characters, there are three different mother tongues and different levels of each other's language, so the film has been made quite a few achievements. Which, I think, brings me to the main actors. <br /> <br /> This picture is Japan's biggest rockstar, two stars with Gate and Hayd as well as Taiwan's Superstar Lee-Home Wang, whether it is their performance or criticism or fangirl about them is appreciated for them. In my opinion, Li-Home plays a straight and realistic character. However, the role that he played in most cases of lack of ability to play in the part of the gaat is mostly considered dramatic. When Hayd's character came across, I was not sure that it was not frustrating, but it does not really disappoint in any other way from the movie. <br /> <br /> There are so many scenes which, instead of taking musicians, are turning around, which affected me more emotionally (though it does not seem to stop many people). I see how it's best not to enjoy the movie for it and to take it very seriously - it's perfect for getting out and meeting a group of friends. It has its flaws, but overall it was very enjoyable and I would highly recommend it to those who do not think of some subtitles.
