Horse Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough to see a movie-genre, and even though it is not the only reason to see the most credible theoretical Si-Fi / Horse Mani. "The Wild Zombie", "Island of the Lost Souls", "Dracula", as well as Carlos ("Frankenstein," Frankenstein's Bride of Frankenstein "," The Mummy ", ...) or LuGosi (" White Zombie "," The Invisible Ray ", Lambert Hilian of 1936) , ...), or both ("The Black Cat", "The Renen", ...), is a very entertaining movie that should not be considered a movie boyfriend compared to other Universal Horror Pictures The missing, the story is displayed in a big but pleasant way, of course, Karloff and LuGosi are definitely bright, and the film gets a better profit and a great photography profit. Janas Rukh, a bright scientist who looks at the telescoping technique Discover and discover that a tattoo struck the earth thousands of years ago He was surprised by the discovery of Rukh, the famous French scientist, Dr. Felix Bennett (Bela Lugosi), invited him to join an expedition to find the weather. In Africa, Ruq invented a discovery that is very good reason and great destruction. Maybe ... it's a bit strange that Carloff was actually British, he was a Hungarian scientist here Hungarian lugosi color was a French scientist, but they are both excellent as usual. As far as I am concerned, I could read the telephone directory of these two horoscopes, and I'm sure they created something from it - both are just an icon in the form of horror, and they look together for each section to treat each fan. However, this is one of the few movies, if not the only one, but it is clear that the logos were taller than Karloff. Against France Dr. Women's leadership is very good in the role of Rukh's beautiful young wife. Specifications are notable, the performance is good. Along with the casting of Karloff and Lugoscii, the best quality of the film is probably due to the great setting and photography, as well as the atmosphere, as well as amazing chessy and very entertaining tales. My main complaint is that I wanted more screen time for Luigosi and its role was even more important. He is always as pretty, but his role can be bigger, and more sinful. Otherwise, the "Invisible verdict" is an excellent entertainment film that satisfies every lover of classic horror / saifai film and all my colleagues, lugosi / karlaf fans, must be seen.
