Best of Thirti Hara, which is best remembered for all time, is always Dracula and Frankenstein's choices; And there's a very good reason for that, but there were many small but still excellent productions and invisible rays are certainly one of them. The plot is particularly original and similar plots have never been seen before (even back in 1936), but everything that has been put together is of course very delicate and has created a very nifty little horror film from director Lambert Hiller. This plot is hearty. Johns focuses on Rukh; A man who has discovered the way to rebuild the history of the world is a man who has discovered the way to rebuild history. His discovery believes that there might be an unknown radioactive material anywhere in Africa and so he closed it with a team of fellow colleagues. However, during the campaign ends tragedy strikes and exposed to good doctor material; Which makes him dark in the dark, and also sends him crazy ... <br /> <br /> The biggest draw of this film is undoubtedly the two biggest stars of his day - Boris Karloff and Bella Lugosi, and both give excellent performance. Karl has really seen that he is a good actor and his character has lots of meat for Karl. Bela Ludosi has a role that is quite different from what we're using to see her, and it's a great performance from her. It's beautiful to see a bit of versatile from Lugosi. The film does not stop at a rather slow start; But things start to learn soon. The second half of the film is the best and it's really exciting when the movie gets exciting and gives Carlough the opportunity to (literally) illuminate. The film does not monitor the major effects and basically depends on the activities of the central character to keep things interesting; And it works very well. The film is interesting all the time and flies with a nice measure which nicely conceals everything. Overall, invisible rays can not be one of the top horror movies of the 30's; But it is a very good one and the recommendation comes.
