The story of Ned Kelly has become mythological story and very modest when it came out, and this movie is no exception. Andy Kelly, a permanent place in history, confirmed that even the police tried to stop him for the effort he was making. During several wars, he wore a beaten iron plate, at which time the bullets found in the police would suddenly bounce. Actually, for this reason there are some bright sparks in Victorian police, who noticed that he did not enter his legs and was hanged. This story has been told in Australia's school and in history that some of the stories have become increasingly annoying, annoying. More stories of Kelly portraying some inhuman or supernatural monster, fewer people pay attention. <br /> <br /> This story is about the adaptation of our Sunshine, Kelly legend novels, Excels. Instead of trying to portray Andy Kelly, she was unreasonable in the surgery, the film quickly established her as a man. In fact, contrary to popular legends, Victorian police showed the unstable situation of corruption and colonists, made a long way to distinguish this movie from the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is only living in the time and place of conviction for killing a man, when a policeman gets it, then it was closest to one person nearest to the dead person. No, I'm not making it. About the only area that made the film a mistake, the English vs. war has made the English mentality very much. The Kelly Gang was a separate Irish, but in Australia there was a long time where wild people of different castes have gathered around (some Chinese immigrants have presented this scene). <br /> <br /> Hit Laser has done an extraordinary job of abusing Australia's most notorious laws. Visitors know that due to their fame in other movies, the audience is aware that they are watching the laser and Kelly is not even himself. The Orlando Bloom has finally found a role that he did not completely lose without his bow and Geoffrey Rush's appearance as the leader of the Glenroven Police Force, showing why he was one of the most respected actors on that small island. Status. But Neamie Watts is acting like Julia Cook, who got a bit deal in the film. Although the film originally meant that Cook was originally a woman in Ned Kelly's life, but you did not know the little screen time you came from here. In fact, in the hundreds of minutes of the film, it seems more stagnant-dry than many searchers. Once the elements of police corruption were established, in fact, the rocket was created so fast that the film was almost often felt. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the movie's power is not accumulated. Rush barely gets more screen time in opening and closing credits of her name. Ditto for Watts, and the rest come off like custom mannequins. I can only conclude that other fifteen, even thirty-minute footage can also correct this. But this indicates another problem, since the title of the story leaves the story behind the headless hero or the impact of the lack of background effects on zero effect. One scene manages to create a speech lecture, but unfortunately, after some time it becomes a collage with a link. If anyone can believe the impression of making this image, even in a matter of weeks, Nader Kelly wanted one of the corrupt police and the infamous shootout of Glenrown. Annoying, Ned Kelly's trial and execution are not even mentioned here, only to be mentioned subtitles before the credit roll. <br /> <br /> It's not saying anything that camera-operated away, drawing some exciting shootouts that are managed by Ned Kelly, and it's a good start. For this reason, I gave ten to seven rates. Other critics are not so kind, so if you are not influenced by unusual elements of shootouts (and what could be more unusual than the entire body armor in colonial shootouts?), Then you might be better off to look elsewhere. Especially if you want a more real account of Ned Kelly's life.
