Okay, note to those who keep these horror acting legend DVDs together: I am really grateful and I support this initiative, but? Did you watch movies before selecting them as part of the collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were several films where the star played a helpful and essential role ("The Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). "Invisible ray", however, is part of the collection of Lughosi and here Boris just lets Karl bell! Instead, it was a great title to collect Boris Karloff! Bela Ludosi's character is probably the most beautiful nature of her career and the oldest and old Carleof actually played crazy and hazardous obsessed scientist here. "Invisible verdict" features three main sections. Janas Rukh's carpathian castle set is the first, quite annoying and the audience's patience is much more demanded, but certainly the characters are drawn and the subject matter here is the subject matter for the rest of the film. Dr. Ruuk (Carloof), some prominent colleagues (among them, as Lugosi Dr. Benit) showed how he was able to catch multiple rays inside a customized device. The scientist is deeply impressed with his work and invited Ruukh and his lovely wife, Dean, to campaign in Africa's heart. Dr. Ruq kept himself separate from the group, invented the "Radium X" material needed to complete his medical rays and became completely stupid after the warm weather was released unexpectedly. The third and final work is certainly one of the best and most horrible, because it is fascinating with a great old artistic assassination, with captivating hostage and a surprising measure. Carlo blazes in the darkness and others believe that others have come out to steal his invention and even steal his life, using their deadly touch to eliminate them. The description of "Invisible Roy" seems rather complicated, but the film is easy to follow and entertain. The story is rather far away, but still compulsory and the director Lambert Hilarya gave uninterrupted perception of several moments. Boris Karl is really fantastic and like the Lugosi, although he was eligible for some more screen time. Their scenes include film highlights with horror images of the burning flame together.
