Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have made many films together, but the whole (interestingly enough) Carlefer is generally the two good people. The original exception is "The Black Cat" (1934) where Carlo is playing the evil head of Satan's community and Luigosi is trying to take revenge for the destruction of his life. But the usual "Black Friday", where (where its purpose) Karloff is trying to improve brain surgery, when Lugosi is a killer thug. "The Renen" Logosi is a vicious surgeon who has blackmailed Carleof to help his evil plans until Karl was finally enough. Suddenly they are both completely negative characters. "The Body Snatcher", Carlos loses Luigosi, but LuGoshi is trying to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> This is an exception where they are both sympathetic, but for the crucifixion, this 1936 film, which I think is the few movies I have mentioned, have little acceptance of the audience's acceptability. Karloff professor. Johns Rukh is a tough-brained scientific talent who has condemned the "official scientific community" for his theory, which is the rare form of Russia in a meteorite mentioned several centuries ago in Nigeria. He finally got the support of a well-meaning campaign led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Abella Stevens (Walter Kingford and Bulahah Bondi) and another scientist, Dr. A Frenchman named Felix Bennett (Lugosi), known for Rukh's younger wife Dean (Frances Drake) and Stevensace's friend and PreGiji Ronald Drake (Frank Layton). Before they leave, Ruuk has been warned by his mother (Violet Kumble Cooper) that he is probably not seeking wisdom and that it may end in tragedy. He tries to dismiss this, but worried by what he has said, his scientific position, and he is worried about whether he is going to get his proper credit. <br /> <br /> What she gets is a disaster. He finds the substance, but it is transmitted by the extraordinary radioactivity. He sees that he is burning slowly, and if he tries to touch people or animals, they die. He actually created friendship with Benit, who expressed a kind of radioactive warrior cocktail for rook to fight the danger. But two things are unexpected here. The antidotease can last only for a fixed period and it must be replenished. And radioactivity affecting Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Enean friendship with Ronald (encouraged by encouragement, encouraged by Sir Francis and Lady Arbella), and he is also annoyed by the fact that (due to the pretense of his death - this is the effect of radioactivity) Bennet and some others don " Collecting. Rukh too soon destroyed a lot of life that is on a lethal rampage, ending with his own. <br /> <br /> The film must be picked up on a bit of science. Madame Curie has recently died from cancer due to working with Radium. In 1936, very little is understood about the dangers of radioactivity, but some of its ideas are coming out. The ruckus of the killers said to talk about a "curse" in newspaper raid. Of course, centuries ago, for a hidden treasure, a "cursed" operation (on the African continent) was paid by a heading English, we entered physics or geology (house carter and Lord Carnobone paging) in the archipelago. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benit tried to determine the cause of death strings and returned the idea that it was actually vandalized in England in 1888. During the White Chapel Massacre, Sir Charles Warren ordered the arrest of a few of the dead, so that the latest picture of the picture of the photograph of Jack the Ripper was seen in the photograph. The bodies of prostitution prostitutes have only been found. But the idea did not die. In 1899, Jual Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers Kip" and here Dr. Benit used it. As it's a science fiction story, he gets Rukh's image on the plate, but the Benet plate drops accidently and it shatters. <br /> <br /> A variation for the film is very good, the most striking is that Carlof and LuGosi do not disparate each other. A tragic fatality that can be found in one of these stories. Other performance is good as well, especially m. Kemble Cooper She is considered as the most fearful sister of Bessil Rathbone (Jane Mardstone) in "David Copperfield". Here is the only way to finish this tragedy, and who can say that it does not harm him more than his target.
