In the 30's decade, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have guaranteed excellent performance in high quality films. After being the "first dragon" of the musical instrument "Dracula", after Universal's "first monster", Llongo became her awesome style of thanks to her elegant style and her foreign accent (sadly, this last factor would make him type-custard in 40 seconds) ). Similarly, the performance of James Holle's "Frankenstein" by Boris Karloff transforms him into looking for a good monster. Of course, this was only natural for sharing the screen for these icons, and the 1934 "The Black Cat" film unites them. This formula will be repeated in several movies over the decades and one of the shortest classics of that year was the horror of director Lambert Hiller and a mix of science fiction "The Invisible Judgment". <br /> <br /> "Invisible verdict", Dr. Johns Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who has invented a device to display visible scenes in the light of the lights coming from the Andromeda galaxy in the past scenes of our planet. The time of the invention of his colleagues. Felix Bennett (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford) discovered that thousands of years ago, a night hit a meteorite in Nigeria. After this extraordinary discovery, Dr. Rukh agreed to join his colleagues in an Africa campaign, to land the mysterious weather. This operation will not be of any benefit to the soul, as during his campaign, his wife Dean (Frances Drake) loves Ronald Drake (Frank Latten), an expert hunter brought to help Stevens. However, he will lose his wife in the tour, because he will change forever after the weather is released in the invisible ray. <br /> <br /> It was originally written by John Coulton (who previously scripted "Weyolf of London"), "Invisible Roy", and Hughes and Douglas Hojes' original fiction. It was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Coulton gave great importance to the horror of his story; crazy scientist plays very efficiently with Architchipo and adds a good amount of spice to upload things. One of the other horror films of that era, "Elemental Ray" is an element of the making, Coulton plays morally with the story. In other words, there are no heroes and fame in the classic style, but those who decide and later face the results of those choices. In many ways, a modern tragedy about "invisible judgment" emotions, crime and revenge. <br /> <br /> The opportunity to create 3 films of filmmaker Lambert Hiller, a priest director of low-budget B-movies, was made public when the legendary studio suffered serious financial troubles. Thanks to his experience with limited organizations, Hililar's films were always very good despite the budget constraints and there were no "invisible rays" exceptions. There is nowhere near the stylish Gothic atmosphere of the previous Universal horror films, the film of Hillarya effectively holds the essence of the Colton script, because it has made the film more easily a dark and more morbid mood with the help of lung novels than in the dark. Finally, a word about the use of Hillarya for special effects must be said: For very low budget movies, they look a lot better than the era of different movies. <br /> <br /> Naturally a movie with Lugosi and Karloff, this legendary performance is of great quality. As the film's playwright, Boris Karl was simply perfect in his illustration of his personality, which was blinded by the fame of his work, which failed to see the evils he had shown. His colleague As Benit, Luigis is just a pleasure to watch, the things he stole and showed that he was a neutral actor. As the wife of Rouh, Francis Drake is very effective, really helps her character become more than a teenage girl. Still, the role of Kambul Cooper as the movie Rukh and Bullula Bani are performed as Lady Arbela, because these two actresses make most of their limited screen, making their supporter's role immensely. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but it is not surprising compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If this movie is judged in today's map, it is very easy to cancel it as another cheap science fiction film. Bad special effect and unexpectedly jumbled with camouflage. However, it would be a mistake, even though it is less budgeted, it has been significantly significant for its time. On top of that, when the film was created at the beginning of the nuclear era and radioactivity was a relatively new idea, the ideas about radio hazard are accurately accurate. One final thing that is worth mentioning is that the script has special relationships between letters, especially friendship and competition, which is the proponent. Rukh and cold Dr. By managing the relationship between existing relationships between Bennett, it allows great visualization among two interesting icons. <br /> <br /> Lambert Hilian's "The Invibable Ray", a neatly classic horror movie in the Universal Pictures catalog, is nowhere near the Gothic expressions of "Frankenstein" movies, or near the elegant mystery of "The Black Cats". One of the most striking screenshots of panic 30s, suspense, horror, and science fiction is a deadly intrinsic gem, which provides a good dose of entertainment for the most awesome actors: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi 8/10
