A few weeks ago, the film was borrowed from the local library, it wanted to see it on a memorable day or in a few days, I finally saw this sainan. Of these, Marlon Brando Major Lloyd is the son of a general of "S" Grigor, who is moving from Japan to Japan, a friend of his is going to be the Friend Webster (Patricia Owais). Before leaving, she tried to agree to one of her Joe Kelly (Red Button), because of her marriage to Japanese women katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), because it violates military tearing law. With her and Ailean romance, however, S. Joe and Kassumumi are not the best people in the marriage, they fall for Asia after themselves and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) goes out of town and sees headlines in alternation of Hannah-Ogi (Mickey Tuck) Entertainment. Bailey is dating himself with a dancer, Fumiko San (Rico Cuba). Aileen feels herself the actress of Kabuki actor, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will stop there and say that this is the most compulsory play about Romance in Romance of American-Asian Relations, which was very sensitive from the beginning. Even Hispanic Montalban is not very embarrassing to watch an Oriental playing (although it is short of his part in a good thing). And there are some nice touches of humor like Brendo's head that hit more than once on the inside of the buttons and the entrance to the Umike. Red and Miyashi herself deserve her with her disrespectful and proud emotions throughout her Oscar and especially the Red. Before finishing his legendary role in TV's "Marvoric", Rookie Garner, Brendo and Miko Falter, fined his view, showed great restraint in his initial character as anti-American. There are some changes from James Micheren's novel, I can not imagine, director Josha Logan, who had previously taken another work at the Broadway musical "South Pacific", and eventually made it into a film, nor the original source remained true. He definitely gave some inspiration to the last scene which made the heartbreaking tragedy a little bit of a necessary plot twist in the film. Some number of production can make the film a little longer; otherwise, the 50-odd chickens' wonderful educational experience that flows in America and Japan.
