Whether it was a few years after its release, so do not know why it was in the movies. But as a kid I enjoyed it. I just got a VHS tape of Superman and Mole Man in the Flame Market and decided to watch it again (it has been for many years). I was not expecting much, now at that time, the movies of how B movies were created. But I was very surprised to see the film very much and all the wonderful acting. The ordinary acting in this type of movie leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, the text was not bad. Superman went from order to sequence and forgot all of them could kick Butts, because the story has ended, right?! OK, the joke was hokey men wear and not too scary (they did not even scare me as a kid). However, the potential for low budget budget for the background and clothing, it was a good job to do all the work. I acknowledged directly to Sheriffs like Old Ranger from Death Valley Days and supported the role of TV Westerners. J. Farrell McDonald played the old pop and I was always a great supporting actor in more movies than I could count. Walter Reid and Jeff Corrie, along with other familiar faces. Do you know the old doctor as captain of the ship to get King Kong? Little Yeller, the little girl called Lesbeth Serie, is rolling in a copper belt? Some of the men of joke were very famous. Jerry Maran McDonalds, played for mayor MacKay for Little Oscar's daughter, Mucakion handed over to Dothothy Llippe, Sheffield's episode and other work was a treasure. Billy Curtis has played an unforgettable part with Clint Eastwood in the High Planet Drift, the incredible Sininking Man star congratulated one of his friends, he was a movie partner, I only thankfully, in the title of Girl Gallery titled Rita Hairwire, Oz Wizard and many other parts - The actor John Brarbury was a mucus. The film was played by Lois Lane in Philis Cotes, this part was a wonderful question and George Reeves, like Superman / Clark Kent Wiss Superman. He did a great job playing strong man. I told the following line that this movie is worth watching for the cast and writing to work on an amazing idea for the film. But it was more than 50 and the intruders from outer space could tear off men from the internal space. It is certainly valuable, the team does not have bad actors. Anyone had to throw together, was very lucky to get many gifted actors into a B type film. Some had already had a wealth of experience and some experiences were about acquiring a wealth - but all were gifted. So if you have the opportunity to watch movies then forget the dope clothes and just enjoy the excitement and acting. Is this a bird Is it an airplane? No, just enjoy a good, old fashion movie!
