Written by Jimmy Perry and David Kraft, this war-time sitikam, who wrote the best program of the Arms Army TV, was not as good as the Dodge Army, but still very funny. <br /> <br /> This is a concert band India. Most of the episodes were trying to get the BSM Williams (Windsor Davis) concert party, which he mentions as a bunch of puffs, the jungle posted. As a big fan of the faint Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and Boca Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) concert party, he always failed. The concert party includes bombed solomans (George Latton), Zinger Rogers's guise "Gloria" Bammont (Melvine Hayes), University of Educated Piano Player Gunner "La de de" Gunnar Graham, Ukka Padurski (John Clegg), Singer Gunner's "Lofty" Sugen, Gunner Perkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thinks Parkins was his son, he was quite wrong), big voters "drug addiction" and animals The cricketer (Kenneth McDonald) played, he was not a Percy Edwards. Also, the valiant Indian slaves, who were associated with bravery, gave wonderful support to Rama Rama (Michael Bates), four-walha and Pankah-Wahah (Dino Shafalkak and Babar Bhatta) along with Rama. <br /> <br /> Just like the dodge army kept many cafés. Rani Rama told her Pankah Walha, "Do not be so clever tricks," and he concludes many programs, "Here is a very ancient Hindu proverb. For example, when a wife is in a relationship with a good friend, The house "was Williams, though most of his stories were there. He is always "shoddy !!!!!" Shouting, "Oh dear, how sad, never mind," and while talking to Gunnar Graham, he will always talk quizzically in a fur. <br /> <br /> Do not show the same recognition as the Dodge Army. This is probably due to a question of taste: it is seen as crude. Williams is homophobic to tell her male "puffs", although it is considered to be a bore of Williams. Also, some people think that there is an ethnic element of humor that Michael Bates was black to play Range Rama (BAT actually was born in India and spoke Urdu before speaking in English), so the BBC would think, though it has actually been shown that Most people have seen this show, although this program is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian, and his It was not a little annoying and I was not opinionated. This was a very interesting show. When I see an episode for the first time, I smile more than I am for any other season, but when I see it for the second time, I do not smile at all, but how many times I see the grandfather's army, I often smile in one episode. <br /> <br /> Best Part: Road to Banu, Series 1, Episode 7
