7 If you are a kid - 6 if you claim to be an adult. With the story of how these lion's growing growing people met, their eyes retrieve the original story, the next letter shows Timon and Pumba off the spin. In Disney's Grand Tradition, bad signals are made, and occasionally TV series combines events with minor characters from their biggest hits. You might be suspicious as you want about this, but kids and fans of the series probably will not care; They have enough jokes and songs and interesting things to make sure that these are some of the top seagulls. Because of the very favorite central character kissing, there are some fun gags for the first time in the movie, the jokes involved in the movie and the old audience. The animation is as good as before, if there is a little less light than the original, then the plot is easy here, the acquisition of Hakuna mother. <br /> <br /> The Timon and Pumba decided to watch the first incident, the film often closes in the middle of the film, like the real viewers of its parts. We see how Timon has moved closer, he thinks he is not fit and decided to look more than what he looks for in his ideal home. On the way to meet Pablo, another is unwelcome and they become friends. Soon they meet the natural huntsman of Simba, lion's child, T and P, but they form a triangle. However, when Simba realizes that she must follow her own destiny and leave the group, decide whether to help others or not, and how. Normal Disney elements and themes are here, friendship, good versus evil etc. The plot is simple but works on many levels, making it smarter than your average animated movie. As soon as the CGI movies are shown, Disney's traditional form has to be more intelligent, but do not forget the roots that make them popular. Tow Story and all that came out have shone with the benefits of all ages, and it seems like the market is going on in this way. However, there will always be a place for such movies, and you can not buy it wrongly for the youth. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
