Occasionally, Things show up as my favorite horror film. The carpenter's film is more efficient and more entertaining, though Kubricks is more artistic, more thoughtful, and perhaps a scanner. This is one of the few movies where I can forget its flaws and truly see it completely. I tried not to compare books ?? Which I once read, a few years ago, and which made me afraid of death? Because there is nothing common between the two, apart from stories and characters, obviously Cubic was banking on the love of people in the novel to make his film more fierce. And in the way, it is certainly one of the most interesting book adaptations, as well as one of the greatest horror movies. <br /> <br /> This picture makes it so horrible that the jump is not afraid, not the blood and the eagle, that at times different pop-ups do not have many ghosts. It's the destruction of Jack Terrence. Some people complained about casting Nicolson's role, saying that he is going to be crazy about his past role and his appearance in the film is very clear. I disagree. We know he's going to be crazy ?? Since most of us have read books? And Jack's look only furthers this concept. But in the beginning, he works in a way that really scares us. He is calm, calm, patient. She also talks with the manager at the hotel and even the unwanted small talk with her family. And annoying a wife and son like her, it's a little strange that she handles it. But once he gets the view, he changes, he changes. He gets excited, angry, angry over. The scene always shakes me when Wondie prevents her from typing, and she loses absolutely, telling her to "Leave her alone F ***". The first F-bomb has fallen into this film, and it is a shock for the system. Since then, all the bits are off. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love is that there is more than one explanation in the film. Actually, we are not sure what we are seeing is actually happening. Many critics have mentioned that whenever Jack speaks to a ghost, there is a mirror that shows that he himself is talking to himself. But what is the other letter? Wendy did not see anything until the end of the film until many ghostly tourists in the hotel were given a tour, but Danny is almost immediately acquainted with this place, but she is a bit misunderstood. His mental power is not in question ?? How to come to the hotel hallaran? ?? But has she ever seen a ghost that her parents witness? Jack only loses it, is easy to claim to be trapped in a hotel with his family, and why even after Winkie? Will your husband try to kill you with an ax? But what about Danny? It seems that Tony has taken over his body, but how do we know for sure? These characters are no reliable witnesses. Haloran might be, and he warned about the danger of the 237, but he died when he reached overlays (the queen was a threat based on the fiction of the novel fans). And that's the final shot. Has the movie ever ended more sophisticated? Is Jack really before? Or was his body just 'exploited' to the hotel? While talking about the acting of this film, a discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Does Shelley Duvall give history one of the most annoying performances in the movie ?? Perhaps the intent, give Jack a more reason to snap the character's character ?? And Danny Lloyd is not good, but Jack is a powerhouse. Part method, part improvisation, he is terrific and interesting at once. For good or for bad, he is the character with which we detect, not boring or nagging wife. We all want a hotel for ourselves in the season, we will be able to do whatever we want. Who is afraid to care? Of course, technical aspects are awesome. Kubrick takes long, strange angle, and all the awesome contributions of bizarre imagery. Colors, mirrors, long holidays, and each other motif use only this height. And even that score does not start me. I do not know whether the film will be half or less scary than hunting, electronic tunes. Her curiosity reflects the whole hotel, mood, and the whole movie. <br /> <br /> I know that the king does not like this movie, but there is nothing to boast about King's input in the movie. As a novel writer he may be, his screenplaces are terrible, and his attempt to guide him is unknown from the left side. This is not a very reliable book adaptation, but it does not need to be done, and it should not be done. The horror of the film is not read to the audience; There is no reassuring source material. Kubrick masterfully even more visitors to change the statement of resignation. If only for this, it is one of the most innovative movies of any kind. And it's got all of the above.
