Jack Torrence (Jack Nicholson) starts fluttering on an isolated hotel, its manager is becoming the winter supervisor named 'Overwell', located at the height of the Colorado hills for interview with Stewart Olman (Barry Nelson). Olman told Jack that he would be responsible for the basic maintenance of the hotel, but as a strict winter set, it would be almost completely disconnected from the rest of the world for six months. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duval) and little boy Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack went to the hotel and everything seems right at first, it is a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge and all they need is their disposal. But the former caretaker at the Overlook Hotel had a horrific past while killing his entire family before he committed suicide and Danny had the ability to 'shine' which means he has such mental strength that he can see and hear 'ordinary' people to see him. Just as days, weeks and months have begun to become more insane, Danny keeps things and people 'watching', when Wandi does not make clear what is happening to his family, because heavy snow storms trap them. Jake finally loses it ... <br /> <br /> This English publication was co-written, co-produced, co-produced by Stanley Kubrick and a subtle horror film. It seems that The Shining is a film that exists in two different versions, and the comment I make is a small European cut which is less than 2 hours in length. The script of Quebec and Deven Johnson is based on the novel of Stephen King, which I did not read, so I can not compare them, instead of being seen with a single murder during the whole film, it goes for mental horror. The only thing in The Shining With the Sucking With Jack, Andy And Danny is really important, because the film focuses on them, because you care only about them, they will get involved with them and what they do. Although the speed is slightly slow, it is a film that does not remember for a long time and makes you interested in it. Negatively I have not argued Jack's crazy and I was trying to kill his family, it was strong enough to strengthen me, actually came out of Jack Freiezer and my explanation went without bugs and I do not know if I missed anything but that No idea how to end me, I'm still trying to do all of that picture! Violence or very little on Gore's path, some stupid junkie ghosts and someone die with an ax, but The Shining is a horrific film that does not have to depend on blood and special effects because it is a secret story. With the budget of about $ 19,000,000, The Shining is technically improper, as you would expect from a silly filmmaker like Kubrick, the film is brighter with some pretty free streaming and smooth stardom shots, because the camera lazily follows the character around the caricature, the set is absolutely real and old sleeping Instead of dark corners, basement and cobwebs Ibarte kubrika brightly illuminated corridor, a wide open space and a modern decor (just 80 of the latter, it's OK Check) out of the red in the toilet!). Acting is good from all but generally small children as though in horror films are extremely annoying and Nicholson feels crazy from the very beginning. The Shining is a dry film I enjoyed watching, though, I'm not sure that I want to see it again soon. You will be disappointed with those who are looking for explosions and fancy special effects, for those looking for a good ghost house type with a good story, I'm definitely wondering, shining for you, a clutter of my modest opinion.
