Sometimes it is such a small thing, that the unique, obsolete and incognito material that transforms a great movie or a great script into a wonderful composition, makes a film like Kubrick to master the era of that age. <br /> <br /> There is plenty of meat and potatoes in the story of Stephen King, which is not difficult for operators like directors. Hack, even the king did not hire himself too bad. How Kubrick understands King of the universe, how he transforms the page during the screen, which disciplines a visual stimulus and directs a compact master master. <br /> <br /> Kabirik's Miss-n-scene is usually awesome. The film is progressive with intense, sharp, vivid motion, although it is not fast or too much edited and it is not watched in less than 160 minutes. The camera runs through the sculptures of the Overwiek Hotel, it is a mysterious spatial rifle to search, which shows the spectacular linear tracking shots of shamelessly decorated interior in their majesty. How Kubrick feels like a place that has an equation and geometrical approach that reminds me clearly how Japanese directors have worked in the 60's. As it is described, it is incompatible with how all the components inside the frame are consistent. <br /> <br /> Some images are definitely definitely standing. Jack's first shot of the typewriter closes the screen to touch a ball, as is produced by the rage drops or typewriter from another floor, though it is a machine of debris itself, but after all it does not prove that only the short. Slowly a red river flowing through the hotel elevator. Jack hits the door with the ax, the camera is moving with it, instead of static, it follows the verb, like the camera is breaking through the door and not in the compartment. Thrusting us inside his head to zoom fast in the baby's face before we see two dead girls from his Pov. And of course, bathroom view. <br /> <br /> A lot has been said about Jack Nicholson's offensive response. His crazy is not completely successful, because he is Jack Nicholson. The guy looks half-crazy however. Playing crazy turns him into an exaggerated caricature. On the other hand Shelley Duvall is one of Kubrick's most inspired voting choices ever. In the 70 years Robert Ollmann (3 women, such as the United States of America, Nashville) is coming from a line of fantastic performances, he brings his character to the right amount of flexibility and emotional pain. A horrific and very implicit actress.
