Shining, you know what is weird about this movie? This movie is for all those who do not like horror films, will always say that The Shining is a horror movie. This is the classic look of Stanley Cabrick's crazy and bloody Stephen King's horror story. It's just an incredible movie and you've seen it or not, you've heard about it, know some lines from it and know some of the classic images. Who's Jack "Johnny here!" Who can forget? Who can forget "All Work and Not Play Jack is a Dual Boy"? Who can forget this cool end? This picture is unforgettable and despite my opinion Kubrick's best work. I know that there are many arguments in that section, many people say it is 2001: A Space ODC or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. Strangelov, but if those films progress in film making, The Shining makes it perfect. This isolation, insanity, horror, and horror stories that will crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrence, Jack's son Danny, and Jack's wife, Wendy Closing, reached the Overwiek on the day. Old African American chef Dick Hullan, Danny, is surprised to talk to him telepathically and offer him some ice cream. He explained to Danny that he and his grandmother shared gifts; They communicate "shining." Danny asks that there is nothing to fear in the hotel, especially room 237. Dick Danny says that there is a certain "shine" in the hotel and many memories, all of them are not good, and they advise to stay out of the house 237 in all situations, Danny's curiosity about the room is finally 237 when he is opened in the room to see his good. Jack told Jack that Danny was hurt and seriously hurt after his family was up in love. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack Danny is insulting. Jack went inside the hotel's Gold Room, where he met with a spectacular bartender called Lloyd. Danny begins to call the word "Redrum" with void and sculing on the wall. He goes into a trans, and withdraws; He now says that he is Tony, his own "fictional friend". Jack Hotel hijacked the radio, closed the connection to the outside world, but Haloran Danny got telepathic tears for help and on his way. Wendy discovered that Jack is constantly writing pages of manuscript, in various ways by "forming a repetition of all works and a play Jack a humble boy". Scary, Jack threatens him and he makes him unconscious with baseball bat, lock him in the kitchen in the storage locker. Jack locked the door with a gradients, which then released him. Wrote "Redrum" in Lipstick on Danny Wendy's bedroom door. When he saw the mirror, he saw that it was spell behind "murder". Jack started cutting through a door leading up to an ax and leading the fourth quarter of his family. "Johnny is here!", And Jack's legendary film was born. <br /> <br /> One of the shining movies is that you have to show serious times, it's an incredible movie and still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But I also think that Shelley Duval, Jack's Rant All Work is very satisfied with his view? Incredible, it can look horrible and you can see that fear in her mouth after you understand her husband's crazy. When Jack also sees the ghost in the bathtub, another incredible scene is one of the most horrific scenes of horror movies. This movie is so well-known because it's a perfection film, it's been on Simpsons, it has been shown in other movies and it's a movie that you can see with it, trust me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
