Chilling, the cinematic horror royal piece, this film is closely related to all the great elements of an intellectual thriller. This movie is associated with a huge perspective of a director who has the power to accelerate the mood of a Moody storm inside a gifted region of his film. Original shot, an ice cold soundtrack and the overall sense of dehumanization. This film is used by people in the public eye through all the common horror films like Red Poké, because it lets viewers feel the violence and psychology of his hero only, but he appreciates the seeds that cause damage. The most horrific things to face people are unknown and this movie only represents its plot with that thought. The setting is perfect in the perfect winter hideaway. The silence of the moment itself is a character, such as the heavy attacker of Jack Torrences, who passes through this idle time and gives rise to Satan's new playground. I always felt that the presence of the temple was unstable in our minds, with the only situation of the moment and its causes, to raise its violent asses and emphasize its helpless hunters. This image is a perfect example of this thought. <br /> <br /> and in this delicate touch of the canvas of the photo, the labyrinthian garden that represents the fine line of mind between the big-wheel-clay clay-clay, intelligent and insane, and the deliberate fluctuation of Kubrick, continuity errors and sets Wrong mis-arrangements, which we find in a world managed by godly and real, but strong and nonchalant By not coaxed. I've never read the book based book, but apart from comparisons, I'm proud to say that this is a horror movie I've ever seen. I think the runtime of the film can be cut a little bit, but again, I'm not the most admired director in the history of the film, so maybe my two percent criticism is an excellent picture, myself After all, this movie attracts your attention with your grand form and attitude, planting you some terrorists and brilliantly and closing you and throwing your mind at heart with its cold eyes. Atmosphere and damage to humanity. <br /> <br /> Ratings: 9/10
