Anthony McGarton adapted his game, Via Satellite and directed the best comedy movie that has long been to New Zealand. Chrissy Dunn (Daniel Cormack) a drop out. In his subsequent years, he did not achieve much and disturbed his family from the confession of his father's death. Her senior sister, Carroll (pictured by Daniel Karamac), based on the Media Lighthouse representing New Zealand by swimming in the media Olympics. A middle-aged, unwanted and frustrated director (Brian Sergent) and a cameraman of his kind - who had a night on Christmas night - Paul (Karl City) picture of the proud moment of the family; Carroll winner watching swim. It will not be so bad but the symbol of Chrissy's family is embarrassing. Firstly the matriculation of Wellington Dunes, Joeys (Donna Akhrstern) She makes fairy cakes and cocktail sausages for all the important film crew and she refuses to change that way. His old daughter Jane (Rima T. Vayata) is somewhat more frustrated than the general. She has a beautiful home (with "Blackberry sorbet" painted with bedroom walls), has a nasty parasite attitude to match the expensive taste and. She is 40 near and desparate for a baby. Her husband, Kem (Tim Belme), forced a power plant and herself to do things that do not need to work ... as well as the things that need to be done, that is, Zen. Middle Daughter, Lynn (Jodie Dorarde won the best supporting actress for the film at the New Zealand Film Awards) is a "fake-up" tart, with Cain having a suspicious history. Both older siblings are in conflict, mother remains in the state, who is as a tooltem Team Taylor, Carol is burning her Olympic desire and is aware that Christian is splashed on all these national TVs. Why would he not feel embarrassed? It is great to see some famous New Zealand performances in the sub-formation comedy. I like sparring between Jane and Lin. One is an adult Mona-bi-biological-watch-far-away, far away, another nervous trunk whose wife desires - a bamboo in the oven. Film climax is quite sensitive and done nicely. Performance is a treat and film works perfectly. A great way to spend a half hour <br /> <br />
