Loner Greene (Jenin Reidud) is an acting artist for the rich intellectuals of a local club. She has become a victim of her imagination because the promise of romantic conflict has become a murder because she believes that sex is horizontally. This is through a form of hypnotic suggestion, someone (.. a possible task master, pulling his strings like a puppet) instructs Lornar to kill them in exile, when it seems that love is getting started. Lorna was awakened immediately after her murder, and the confidentiality in her dreams often became unknown. <br /> <br /> If anyone asked me to describe this special work from Franco, I'd say it elegant and difficult. Until now, you probably have read how other users' comments have received feedback about this image, because a large part of it happens in the guest's dream environment. Franco mentioned in an interview that he was widely influenced by the beginning of the film from the beginning of the film, and decided to abandon a distinct descriptive structure in order to create a completely different viewing experience. And, here you have read from the feedback of users' opinions ... something like this decision, others find the style rugged, lazy, and mockery. I would be the first to admit that the film is above my head, but when Franco himself asked critics about "Sukubus", he admitted that he did not even understand the film and he operated it! Some might say that "Sukubus" was much more acclaimed than the much praised work "predecessor Friday", Franco-trustedly considered her masterwork, because it also accepts too much, dream-like structure, where the hero does not really know that he / She is facing some real or imagination. In a sense, like the drama, we are facing similar confusion. Of course, "Sukusha" is not making an incomplete movie where it is not what we are going to do. And, the confusing dialogue does not help matters a great deal. "Sukubus" is also entertaining by beatik type and "poet-spoke", Karamen's film "A bucket of blood" is fun. My personal favorite scene is looking at Lorna and a woman in a respectable party with potential possible lesbian intercourse. A malicious fantasy sequence where managers are rather unusually used. Great position and jazz score .. I like this picture myself, although I understand why it got a negative reaction. A scene at Porsche Party with Lorna, a chicken drunk, one evening gown roams on the floor, others are joining in Shindig. (Equally wasted) hugged and kissed him.
