I did not see all the movies of Jesse Franco, I saw 5, I think, and have more than 180. So maybe it takes very little time to say, but "the nicrologican gateremat sunden" (known as 'Sukubus', but this is a cut version) is not the best for Franco's best in my opinion but in my opinion. Franco is best known (although 'known' may be slightly exaggerated), "Vampiros lesbos", a strange culture film that received more praise in the mid-90s when people also found José Franco as an attractive musician. Some happy people discover through the soundtrack and find out what can be expected after watching the video clips of 'Singh and Kakur' ('Vampiaros lesbos ost'): Jess Franco is a great director. When the phone was in 'Vampires', I did ring it. I just wanted to watch movies. From that moment Franko could not hold me for so long. But then I stumbled upon this movie. It's better than "Vampiros Lesbos", I think. Looking at what French can do with a story and a camera We can find out he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to find "nicronomicon": it has not affected me since its inception. Remember, I have seen "Vampiros Lazás" before (though it came only three years later), and both movies started the same way. But then the story went away, confused and embraced, beautiful camera work and want to see what you want to see as a guards, if he does not grab his political message to spread. Later in the movie I heard the art of conversation or is not old. The guy says that all the movies have to be old because the viewers take a few weeks to see what they have seen. But the girl answers that "Buñuel, Fritz Lange and Goddard made movies for yesterday". Janine Reynaud is an attractive lead actress and certainly Franco's regular Howard Vernon is also there. Fortunately good acting (something that can loot Franco movies for you, but it's not the same). But watch for course dummy scene. Boyfriend's tension, wild direction and a movie of tomorrow, will make a film for tomorrow that many people will have to see. It is more accessible than "Vimimiros Lesbos" that it certainly helps.
