Police, investigation, murder, suspect: We are all familiar with them in movies. Most of the films currently dealing with criminals, which seem to be involved in the audience, keep an enchanting environment for them. However, most of the romance lovers will pay attention to the latest movies of the forgotten old people. Nevertheless, these people can easily get confused. Though more than 20 years old, a film entirely based on terrorism can be interesting ... it's a unique film from Claude Miller's Garde Avenue. <br /> <br /> do many jobs? The events presented in the film happen within a short period of time. But the way they are executed is the film's great plus. Investigating by Jerome Charles Martinud (Michael Surrat), Inspector Gallen (Lino Ventura) and Inspector Belmont (Guy Marrund). This is not correct on a New Year's Eve, rainy evening and such a meeting. Nevertheless, after the rape and murder of two children, towards the dawn of the old year, the door of doubt should be open to the end. In other words, (more cited from the film), it should be revealed that any bad wolf is really. To achieve this, many efforts and many emotions are needed from both sides ... <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the script for being too strict. Still, I would ask them: If there are not many questions and there are many things to talk about, then what should be the investigation. This word style touches the very roots. In any way this is not annoying but throughout the whole movie, as a spectator, you are involved as an observer. Moreover, the film is well-known as the story is called flashback. Not too high and they are not enough - enough to make the whole story more clear and more interesting. The most memorable flashback, for me, when Chantal (Romi Snyder), Martynude's wife, talks about a beautiful Christmas ... but these flashbacks have views of places with notorious beach. It's all amazing to help me keep the right pace. And since I watched the Guard AVU, I've always mentioned this movie as the "defenders" of the French film against the allegations of mess and chaos. <br /> <br /> Those who have already been mentioned may not appeal to many audiences because they can not like this movie and still the content and its execution will not be satisfactory. Yet, guard AVU is also valuable for those people. Why? For performance. But do not expect to appreciate my first Romy Schneider here. Guard is not a Vue Romy Schneider vehicle. She makes a horrific job as a mother deeply frustrated for a lost child. He strongly portrays a person's quiet, concrete, which does not reject a given cup of tea but wants to play with words. The part of the deeper discussion of life and duties is brighter, credible than part of Elsa's highly annoying role in Las Parent de San José's Sisi. It is still played. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Virtually, he appears for the first time after 45 minutes from the credit; He, as a wife and different point of view, appears symbolically with the New Year at midnight. His role is one of purely supporter. Lino Ventura is really rock! He is the middle age inspector Antony Galian who wants to find out the truth, who is aware that his questions are "missile" to other interaction but not hesitated. She is an inspector, who has been married for three times, she fully acknowledged women's mentality. He does not consider his work as a job but a real service as a sport. Finally, he is a person who does not feel extraordinary to sit there on the eve of the New Year. Michelle Serrault also fears a fine work, especially in the final scene of the movie. But Thomas Ventura's Thomas Up <br /> <br /> <br /> As long as the memorable moments are concerned, similar movies that do not easily analyze this aspect. The whole movie is memorable, once seen and felt in the atmosphere and which I have not mentioned earlier, the superb music For me, the most brilliant moment of clarinet and inspector Galian. You are there with two letters, you go deeper into what you see, but you feel their state of mind. <br /> <br /> The Gudd AVU is a very interesting movie, it must surely be seen for thrillers and artistic artists. Performance It has become a new year ... is it easy to open the door now? You will find it when you decide to watch a memorable movie by Claude Miller. 8/10
