This film was released in late 1998 by Edward D. Wood was created based on a script, a script that did not feature any dialogue in the tradition of film as the thrift. Although most of the woodwork was among the low-budget entrances in tradition and tradition, its first released feature is a true visionary attempt of illogical expression through Glen or Glenda primitive ant-guard tricks. I'm awake on the first day, the day I represented Died Ed Wood Pride, although this comedy is a comedy (though a wonderful comedy!), Although the GLANN or Glendron cross-dressing theme was taken so seriously by wood. There was no room for the comedy there. In the first few seconds of this movie, I knew that I was being taken to a new movie, and I can not compare the world with anything else. Technical aspects of the film - production design, sound design, music scoring, photography, etc. - Groundbreaking at any level. Especially, although the film does not have any "dialogue", there are all kinds of words and "language" words, but you have to see how it has been done, because the cleverness and surprise of the systems provide a level of excitement throughout life. For the supernatural effects, the glance or glenda-escack technique of jockspoping stock footage works well in film and is kept to the lowest. The whole film played at the violent feudal pitch, and Billy Zane provided an extraordinary tour-de-force performance which shows that it is a great body comedian and actor. In the only world, he has given some reward for this performance. He also looks like Ed Wood and played Jane in this role at different times, lazy, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes at once!). This film was caught in legal issues and how shameful it was to not get any North America theater or video release, just a few festivals. At the moment it is only available in Germany's video (Actually, my copy comes from a German source - Periodically, the timber parts on the screen are translated into German but the headlines of the magazine (which is a low budget strategy for providing great plot elements, For expensive, newspaper headlines, here is the tradition of wooden traditions Is used in the time of knowledge)). I think this movie played moderately through some cautionary publications in some big cities. And if art-film circuits shut down the city at a slow pace, it might have been better. In fact, if legal issues can be solved, I would like to suggest that the film should still be given for the release of the theater, especially for the release of a Midnight "culture". It's waiting for a classic wait. <br /> <br /> Do I "understand" all the scenes? No, but I mentally "felt" each scene. Did everything "work" in the picture? Probably not. I just saw this twice, and for the first time I've had several breaks. However, by playing all the assembly-line fake multiplexes and rejecting the idolatrous or Shahbag shot-on-video movie-school with many "alternative" movies, we need to have such a genuine Hollywood-ready test. The latest Bob Dylan film "Mascade and Anonymous" has something similar to Steven Soderberg's full frontal. This movie can be much bigger than that audience. If you've been reading this review for a few years now and see the idea of ​​this movie as curious, it is never published on the video. You will not bother Invite some friends ... Create a party. Play LOUD amazing soundtracks. I have the feeling that since he is in the next life, Ed Wood is happy with the film and believes that his film is a little more justified and verified through the creation of this film. Wood probably said to laugh laugh that he is always seeking a bad break in life, after his death, after his death, he was honored in films and exiled to his cruel country.
