All right, so I know the reason for knowing one of my friends about this film and I actually visited the set during the making of the film, so on behalf of the personal position, I was finally interested in seeing this vague little gem. If you dig the information about this movie, then you will be exposed to legal problems (more than 7 years after the film), if you are like me - a copy of what you want to achieve. My source? Ebay About 15 dollars but I thought that when I got it in the mail today, it was a very rough, stained copy of the release of a "screener cable", it was done with the annoying top mini-code code, but I could still enjoy it, but I had an exact copy, I suggest that if you want to get a full impact on this movie or not If you earn on it. From what I found, it was released from Germany and now the Spanish DVD. With that, best wishes and happy inquiries / bidding ...;). Score / sndtrk is worth it alone. Very eclectic and varied (somethinbg rarely in the film these days IMHO) - I think it may be my next syndrome / score, but I digress ... <br /> <br /> Now, towards review. Billy Zen's character is injected to a nurse in mental ward, which is apparently locked. He stole his clothes (even shoes) and quickly escaped from the loot of a bank / loan shop. Well, guess where I started this "plot" - he looses it invisibly. After several criminal offenses against various campaigns and brokers were found in various C-Si-list celebrities for identifying the money, he found himself in a graveyard where a funeral - I think he is the loan office / bank for the dead person, and - even 1950 His police cars and police were searching for him for a lifetime - even when he never met or danced. (He reports his "crime" in the daily newspaper) I like because it is a thin plot extension. Finally, it's a movie (see: fiction) and director Iris Ellipulos, which I think is all possible 1) Attract the attention of Wood for the brightness and 2) Give it a feel of the update, but there are 50 shotguns with true cars, Local LA.99 $ store - so my 9 rating is so good. If the expiration is over, I could give it 10. Now it's spontaneously weird and I will not loot it for each other, but let's say that the final finale is somewhat frustrating for it, to me, it was commitment, action and comedy - all in the end, so ... all that said - Assign a copy based on your own consideration. <br /> <br /> Just understand that there is no dialog (some description and singing) it may be your lane - maybe not - but I think it's a clock value. The actor has made me really great for all the good performances and the only contradiction in the right time piece which really has made me really long for that correction - then I would say all this studio is out of the day these guys will check out this film for all time (or in the future, too I'm sure).
