The movie was based on the focus of polarizing the American ideology. This is a highly suppressed scene in America where two completely different cultures conflict. However, has such kind of extremist activities been justified? .. This image represents the scene (drinking hiccus and smith), these two men did not take drugs, or they were not under any kind of drug !! It was a clear cut case of cold and numerical debate. Basically, these violent acts were the last result of mental and social negligence ... at any time before 1975, we as a nation have compassion for those who have been tortured by them. Environment ... However, this event was held in 1959 !! This horrific revelation favored us, and turned the nation into a policy of contradiction !! With the recent release of "Copt", based on the "cold blood" documentary creator Truman Capet, the Americans have developed new inspirations with this film !! Robert Blake plays the role of Perry Smith, a villain of this movie ... It seems that he was interested in his personal life! Based on indefinite elements in "cold blood" ... no vendetta was involved, no profitable profit was achieved, there was no possibility of social progress, it does not ensure that only a secret and abominable rebellious anger that ends. !! The circumstantial diatribes that depressed about Hick and Smith were always vague !! Under such circumstances, why would they take their frustrations on anonymously helpless and innocent Kansas family? .. Geyer (Grandfather Walton) will judge the attorney who is ill by the law of Macbeth miser! His argument is fully convinced ... his conflict is: "These two men who have not shown any mercy are now asking you" is the reasonable line that will inspire me to give firm judgment if I am a jury member! The complete ban for your uncertain disaster in life does not act as cruelty to confiscate capital crime !! It was the ghost of the Capet that such grave activities should attract the attention of the American people! As it comes out, the real things are ... "Cold Blood" That's right !! This incident was calm before a storm of 1960's radical evolution! Such a lethal charade also served as insights of isolated interests which will surround many ordinary Americans for the future !!! <br /> <br /> The erroneous Capet did an extraordinary job to verify the authenticity of this book, (which was a best seller) and along with this documentary ... Robert Blake and Scott Wilson acted in this role and like John Forcith People were incredible !! Director, Richard Brooks, (For his co-operation in this movie, there was something extraordinary "Great Tin Roof", "Blackboard Jungle" "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo") !! I think "Ind Cold Blood" is one of the best movie history !! This picture portrays two harmful span divided into rogue theater and unleashes a malicious resentment to the recognition of an insulting country-wide level, harmful harmful harmful harmful harmful harmful harmful harmful harm. This film marks the emotional spirit of mental retardation. Violence purveyors !! In 1959, the ideology of our nation is incredibly different now! This film introduces such an uncertain transformation in our overall standard of the American people to the mental and exploiting criminals !! I recommend everyone to see this movie ... "Cold Blood" is the central theme of the movie "Kapot"! Think about it, making a movie about a movie, creating a rare and alluring accolade in Hollywood! In the case of "Cold Blood", this is an extreme example of a film which is surprisingly intelligent, intellectually raised, and of course, it is not saying that "Ind Cold Blood" is completely spell-free and completely extraordinary movie !!
