One of the ten best films of the 20th century is easily. The availability of cold blood and the reality of his stories, and absolutely brilliant in riveting. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake walked away with the film. Despite being a leader and planner of the Dickie Couple, the story is fully presented from Perry's perspective. Viewers feel more unstable, incomplete, and generally do not drag them into this nightmare like Parry, and think that someone might need someone else and pull a bigger score. Based on the real story of accuracy, based on the real story, In-cold blood describes the story behind a brutal and intelligent murder of a cold, windy night on a rural Kansas family, because Dick was bought by a rich old farmer in an old mythological story. Cash in their home is completely safe. "Prosecutor" (a character which is not named in the script), has been played by Will Gear, so clearly mentions, their lives are bought for only $ 10 a head. Director Richard Brooks intelligently decided not to share with us the horrific details of the killings until the end of the movie, but before that we have only done this, and gradually uncover the lives of Dick and Perry that they simply do not try to flee to be arrested by the law enforcement, but Perry's upcoming growing feeling has its own growing ideas. He repeatedly remarked, "Nobody ever goes away with something like that" and "I can not think of leaving anything for our help." Dick is not sufficiently mature or moral enough to feel any criminal feeling on their crimes, only Periyar's irritation. In fact, after being caught, it is the Dick who first breaks, and finally when confronted with irrational proof, suddenly it becomes mad that the two men put on the crime. I was somewhat sorry for Perry from the very beginning of the film, and as far as the events progressed, I just disappointed Dick. <br /> <br /> The photo genre is a compelling way to follow the story. We do not think for a moment that we are portraying actor characters, but we are seeing the real attendees and events as we see them. The story is overwhelming, taunt, seems like just a few minutes during the run of more than two hours. <br /> <br /> For those of you who are interested in such interests, I have listed a few "cave" here on the IMDB page for cold blood errors or too much. As in the beginning of the film, "opposite" shot shots, like Dick and Perry, are driving in Kansas across the bridge. Initially, this is not even a process shot, the camera is actually positioned in the backsat and the image you see outside the windshield is real. A large cargo truck on the left side of Dick Pontiac, creates optical illusion that they pursue because they are traveling at a faster pace, but the close test will reveal that they are actually moving forward and this is a real shot. From a moving car. <br /> <br /> As I said earlier, it is not recommended for very young people because of one of the ten best practices of the 20th Century movie, a course language and intrinsic and oppressive violence (your face is not like a modern one like you The film will adopt), but a thoroughly excellent film.
