The real crime story of the Cold Blood Corps is the story of the classic serial killer (Gene, Bandy, Dahmar), or just more notorious cases of Hollywood (OJ, Manson). In this case, the necessary information is not too scary: Perry Smith and Dick Hikk (played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson here) have fulfilled some fate, after saving a man's farmhouse in Kansas and after killing, shotguns and four families of Dazzar Came back There are many mysteries for the resolution, as well as returning to the US after fleeing for a short time in Mexico. They were caught by some stroke of curiosity (a police followed them, and stopped Smith and Hikku for the boy and old age for raising bottles and stopping them to keep their stolen vehicles), and forced to hang on to the neck till the dead. The story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it's storytelling, silent moments, performance, a purely filmmic touch that gives Brooks and its absolutely wonderful (late / great) DP Conrad Hall provides crispy widescreen and black and white, and a story style that is very Feel realistic without excess naturopathy or excessive melodrome (probably save at the end, which is perfect pitch). Hanging on the story of the tragedy, and killing is not so much that the "third" man is treated as brutally as it is said, that Smith and Hikk have met him, but because the inevitability of the story. You feel for some of these offenders, in any other hand, that could be just outside the conventional statistics or B-movie. They are not good people, but they must at least not be on the streets by road. <br /> <br /> This is a wonderful 'road-movie' as we see Smith and Hikk on the street. Clutter Residence (the late night scene of the film's late realm), then Mexico, then returned to America on Las Vegas. We try to sleep in the personality of these two people, probably more than police detectives, who do not have a lead at first and eventually break a prisoner. It's really annoying to close these two (it's like the silly quality of Malican's Badlands character), and it's a bold sign for the time being. There is no promotion, such as "He did this and for this or another reason." We see how smith was psychic father, but Smith loved him and hated him. The complexity of the film is much more, even for the Capo's book (which I have to admit, I do not want to read yet, though I have planned). And we can see that Hikak suddenly got this animal of self-confidence (i.e. the case and other things with the bad things), but without any explanation of this it is <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The fate of the majority of the 60s and the fate of Brooks was similar to Black at the top of The Popes Performance (this and the Lost Highway, considering the fact that in recent years Saga is real enough, An impressive piece of work), and a character actor before becoming Wilson's success. Although they are surrounded by good support, yet they absorb themselves completely, with fewer or fewer motions of greed and wealth, and by their death row and their end, they have some permanent status in their situation. What is a morale of this story, if anyone can, face the possibility that it is more horrific, that those who kill can not be classified, good versus the temple can be smoked? Before smiling, Smith apologized for his crimes, and he said, "But who?" This is a story that is true to the true hardening of the real crime, and it is probably the best American film of 1967.
