Criminal Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickcock believe Holcob's cluster, Kansas, keeps a large supply of secure cash. On November 15, 1959, they were Mr. And kill Mrs. Quatre. Teenage boy and girl After a little police investigation, two were found and sentenced to death. In Cold Blood (1967) directed by Richard Brookes Now, I did not read the truman caption novel based on this movie, so I can not compare. The film is a wonderful act of horrible events that have actually happened. Robert Blake is as nice as Perry. Of course, Blake was charged a few years ago in his own murder case, killing his wife. He is free now, but we still do not know the truth. Whatever may be, she is still a very good actor. Socrates Wilson has done a great job as Hikk. Jahan Forces is superb as Alvin Davy. Paul Stuart is very good like Jensen. Jeff Corre is wonderful like Mr Hick. At the same time, Charles McGrath, who played Texas Smith. John MacLeaf portrays his Heartbar Clutter, Ruth Story, his wife Bonnie, Brenda Carin's daughter Nancy and Paul House son Kenyon. All of them work well. Let's remember a lot from this movie. Let's start from the lighter side. When Perry wanted to go to Mexico to find gold, it was very good and said to Hikk: Remember the bogaret in the Sierra Madrar Treasure? "And Black himself saw that boy as a boy! And this is a fun moment, when they move the boy and his grandfather to collect the bottle and turn them on to refund the money. The dark moments are the most frightening flashback sequences, where you kill Seeing it happening, it is very horrific. When Perry goes to kill the girl, Nancy ends, and she says, "Oh, please, do not ..." It is impossible to explain ruthlessness, then hanging scene, first goes to Hikk and Peri, talking to the first minister, in the last picture of the film, we saw the perry hit at the end.Cinema and books can try to sympathize with these villains, especially Perry's character. You can show someone whom you can forgive. She thinks her mother and father, whom she hates, a   ন্তু এখনও ভালবাসে। কিন্তু এই দুই জন পুরুষ এই অভিনেতাগুলিকে নৃশংস হত্যাকারীদের চিত্রিত করে না, যারা কারো জন্য দুঃখ প্রকাশ করে না। তারা এই বাড়িতে যায় এবং পুরো খুন করে। পরিবার, ঠান্ডা রক্তে। আপনি কিভাবে এই লোকদের সহানুভূতি করতে পারে?
