I grew up, my interest in academy awards came from unrealistic interest from the strong interest. Like some other comments I wrote, the bizarre results of the Academy Award voting are often difficult to explain. In 1967, one of the five best film nominees of "Cold Blood" was one of the unreasonable examples, especially when there was a sad and obsolete "Dr. Dalilit" nomination paper that year. The Rex Harrison Disaster will only be safe for an insomnia or the Mokokist, but the outstanding adaptation of Richard Brook's Truman Capets, the All-Fiction novel, has the power to attract the viewer's attention and completely exhaust him through final discoloration. There is nothing particularly graphic or shocking on the screen, but the film is of course adult content. In the 1950s, Nebraska was based on multiple murders and in actual locations of murder, the movie "In Cold Blood" was portrayed in black and white by the main cinematographer Conrad Hall, and her screen compositions could be properly seen on the widescreen face ratio. With the uncertain scores of Quincy Jones, the title of the hall work should have been submitted on Brooke's screenplay above the headings of three pillars, on which this intense classic was built. Performance is as good as well. Scott Wilson's intense intro as all the cold charm and Robert Blake's two murderers. (Black, when Bogart and "Sierra Madres Treasure" are an inner joke, when they are driving in Mexico. As a child child, Black Star sold a lottery ticket to Bogart in the movie Houston.) The film is like a slogan for the murderers. And it is a death penalty punitive punishment, even though the killers are innocent In spite of the final scenes are a bit more difficult-ta deny the spirit. Many have criticized the film because it focuses on criminals, their backgrounds and lives, when the Clutter family is literally killed in cold blood in the middle of the night, it can be seen as a one-dimensional letter of shorter import. The lack of imbalance comes from this book because the Capitol spent a lot of time with two killers during the executions. The clutter family has not apparently been studied in the same depth. However, there may be any feeling against the death penalty or against him, "cold blood" throws you in a conflicting thought. Run a double bill with "Walking Dead Man", and you can not speak for days.
