In 2006, "In Cold Blood" - Since 1967 there has been two interesting interesting topics of a writing thriller, which was not the previous one. First, and most impressive, it was for his star, Robert Blake, recently for the trial of his wife's assassination. Secondly, the recent Oscar winning biopic, "Capote", shows the playful story of the violent true crime story, Truman Kopot. These two new twists create timely films for a modern audience. <br /> <br /> As a single film from its era, "In cold blood" is a top notch in every way. The most notable of the wonderful black and white painters from Conrad Hall (later "American Beauty" and "Road to Perfection" fame) Many scenes or tree-lined country roads can be sold as fine art photography at night in the Kansas Farm film. Creates a rich brooding atmosphere that determines the level of writing suspense (even when everyone knows the cracker-jack aspect from Brooks and great editing in the initial scenes (where we find that the silly family's giant daily detonate with the murder of two Capricorn murderers). That's how it's going to end in the real life Based on them). It is very good to see how brightly this day and age can be illustrated in the killing of slayer killers, where the graphic nature of the law is transmitted to the audience with excessive blood drops on the screen. <br /> <br /> This photo is also beautifully anchored by Robert Blake's brutal performance, which is a more sympathetic, yet stupid, barbaric act of killing. His awesome childhood flashback scenes are very well done. Then there is a scene in the end of the film where he is speaking with respect before sending his execution and he has made his last "confession" to speak. This is one of the classic movie moments that is a great acting, fantastic writing, a perfect look, and a perfect marriage of hunting photography. I'm trying to remove you from your mind, so that the image of the rain reflection flows, instead of true tears, Robert Blake's rural face flows. <br /> <br /> The only problem with the "cold blood" is the slow intermediate movement where the murderers remain lame and ultimately the forced nature of social speech The political message about the execution of death penalty is second to the crazy killers and their victims' illustration.
