For the feeling between human and human condition, because of the feeling between humans and human beings, whoever is able to get up on Hollywood, the movie that is happy to see that there is no series of explosion in the cerebral / willis / brain of brain in someone with someone else or lying in bed, whose intellectual level Gain the ability to grasp, express sympathy, understand, laugh, natural flexible Weeping with second-warming, human Beijing, "Le hiutimeme jar" is waiting for you. Jack Van Damel did not just achieve a great composition, which could be very simple; He earned one of the rare memoirs in the art of cinematographic world, which denies any encapulation. Is it a drama? Is this comedy? No: This is George's story, wonderful funny ridiculous, loving terrible beautiful personality, a patient in Downs Syndrome. This is a story that you smile through your tears, but this is not the classic tear-joker; This movie goes through a world that you once mixed with feelings of sympathy or sadness or shame with praise, warmth and even love. A successful banking salesman, Harry, hinders Georges: both of them were going in the opposite direction with the most controversial ideas, problems and priorities; Efficiently, Van Doormal throws these two unlikely men into warm friendships, but it is much more than the beer kept beneath the streets. This is a relationship that develops for both deep needs for others. The Kuasi-spiritual view is perfectly fit: Georges remembers (or discovers) the past scenes of his life, during daytime dream or sleeping; Even the almost complete phantasmagorical final scene is completely accurate. The only place where the place could be considered a little is that they steal a bus and get them out of the showroom. However, this does not deter from the whole. This picture is a monument. Even if your French is not much more then please see the sub-titles. `Le Huitième Journey 'is worth the problem. Something else, well, just read the following comments ?? I go along with all of them This image is a joy, it's royal, it's unique. If you've seen 'Rane Man', which I consider to be an extraordinary movie, you must see this: It's great because it's not a sponsorship of Hollywood-produced famous actors; Does it have Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? These two ten jacks for Jack Van Damel and ten oscars for ten. Gives care Yes: Of the 10, 11 IMDB ratings will not break below the strain. <br /> <br /> <br /> Majestic! Chapeau!
