This movie is famous for several times: partly by Philippe Dunne - an educated script for making religious films, some good performances, first-rate production in every division, and famous for the intelligent direction of intelligent Henry King. If someone has made a movie, Lion Cheyleroy as a cinematographer, Lyle Wheeler as art director and Alfred Newman as the original musician, will receive a genius like this. Adding the cast to Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward's title character, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Messi, Kiron Moore, Knowne and John Sutton, can be done by Gain Verdon, a dance and raising hopes that the film may be something special. But in biblical content scripts, usually a sub-section expresses the tendency of illogical motivation and miraculous interference, everything ultimately depends on the author's expertise. Here Phil has provided people to Dunne, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man of the film, many, in the Old Testament, some are not doing mythological work. Gregory Peck makes him weird, enthusiastic, self-controlled, self-destructive and obnoxious. As Bathsheba, Haydard is rarely given the perfect choice but a good deal of common sense-sense and emotional naturalness that can see why the king of Israel will take such a risk for him. Active by turning the rest cast and counter active. The familiar story provides little to work with them, but the writer Dunne and Caste make as much as possible with the human condition. David's youth is called Flashback; How he was chosen to be king of Israel by a prophet of Jehovah, and the king chose to take Saul to the second place, by defeating the Faiestine Goliath in the war, everyone feared terrible demon warrior. Then, he eventually led the King of Israel to the court of Saul, became a famous warrior and went back to the demands of the kingdom and the son of King Jonathan became the instrument of death. Her battle was successful - the film successfully tried to open with the successful attack scene; But his wife, his wife, Mikhal, Jenny Midoz, daughter of Saul, and cool him down. He went back to Bathsheba, whom he saw from the nude bath on the roof of the palace; He then admitted that he hoped he would see him. But her husband is Uriah; When she was pregnant, Uriya became necessary to come from the battlefield and to spend time at home; Instead he was asked by David in the front of the war even after he was inspired by David's Verdean dance. David convinced He died, a war hero; But this unreliable question is not solved. Drought comes to Israel, and the royal betrayal is responsible for the incident. Finally, David placed his hand on the Ark of the Covenant, recently came to Jerusalem and is in a temple, resulting in accidentally approaching him, inviting his god to punish him - and nothing happened ... David came out of the temple, And see that rain has its place in the rain. This picture is always interesting, different types of scenery and physically beautiful. Directors and writers used observer policies and were able to make characters more successful in human terms than a film outside the Greekized-neutral Eastern Canon, where credit is somewhat simpler, because the miracles or religious themes are central to the center. Such courage . Reminiscent of its dramatic efforts, memorable for its enlightened perception, fine performance and intelligent dialogue.
