Not being a fan of first-person shooters I was very hesitant to play this game. I sold the demo after playing. The "landing" really leads you to the game and to manage the universe that is part of your character. You have a special power called "Galezier's Stone Stone" and warn you about special events or things. Looked at With a special spelling "screen" you can see something that would otherwise be invisible. Suddenly you can hear the magic stone on a hellevo: "Look", for example, the stone is burning for a painting. And then using scraps you can see some weird and strange elements of painting. Tell me to testify something that is scary as hell. Those who expect to finish this game for a few hours, they may even forget about the use of cheating. This game depends on using the wits and carefully depending on walking. Since it is usually dark around you, like any horror movie. And ghosts and giant appear randomly when you do not expect them and can kill you very quickly. This scene is where you want to enter a room where you are pushed with such great power that your moments take time to understand what happened. This is a scene that could come out of the horrible classic "Evil Dead"! Some experiences like this are a real achievement. There are many elements to take the "Undying" level of the best classic horror movie level ever produced. But sadly I have reports that there are some errors. One thing is that the universe you are playing is huge. You start in a big palace with all sorts of hidden, hidden rooms and even a hidden hell level "Oneiros". That's fine at all in the beginning But all the loading times and some of the difficult enemies in that may be frustrating. And there are no maps. In the game you have to remember your surroundings. So patience is needed. There are also some jumping puzzles that you do not have to do otherwise you can not make progress. I do not think the jumping mind on the Third Person Adventure's Adventures platform. But the first-person mode that could be an annoying job. Thankfully you can save at any time and anywhere. And believe me you need it. Above all, "Embarrass" is a remarkable first-person shooter that is desperate to be driven by a horror or game fan.
