When I love this movie, I thought my hair hanging on burning coals. Bring coal; I'll tell them to walk next to that I love again "Beckha Lake Bekham Lake." Guessed, there are a lot "in spite of confession". This is a bit of movie off of week; The plain-by-number is on the side screen. And, most anxiously, the director's commentary indicates that the beauty of this film can be initially found in white in the skin. <br /> <br /> This is not the genre of the film, which is visible to the Sild Field-Doctor ID: character arcs, themes, construction. It's hidden both on the page and under the bottom, but critics do not seem to scratch on the surface of artistic surface often. Strong, sometimes semi-clad women organizations do a good job of normalizing women's power and chaos due to Lara Croft or Zhang Ziei, not just for exhibition but forfeit gossip from football. These real companies (excluding Keira Knightley) whose work is the first to look great and do not see kick butt. They are doing such work whose beauty is in their movement and self-determination. And, in my book, is one of the most gorgeous creatures ever seen on the screen of limited actress Parimind Nagora ?? Only he can not claim for that hackneyed adjective, because "bright", but his performance is a fairness and non-intelligence intelligence that is completely mandatory. <br /> <br /> As a result, a woman can enjoy without feeling. They are making a deal with such a devil. As the "Bride and Prejudice" of the Chair, the relations between women quarrel with chemistry, which can not be inserted nicely into "Sweetest Friends" or "Bone" classes in the beautiful sweet valley. Perhaps Chadha is right in his speech to ban the practice of homosexuality with filming. "Bend bricks like Lake Beham" has a power that does not reduce the simple heroio / gay love triangle, which will be recommended according to its conventional structure. The specific nature of his pleasure, finally, a bit of a mystery ?? And it's more seductive for all. <br /> <br /> Oh yeah, and I mentioned that it's fun.
