The sadest thing about this picture is that only 8 people can leave the review and feel free to comment on the message board. <br /> <br /> The same year as Philadelphia ... Tom Hendes Oscar-winning ... This movie was actually seen and rewarded by people. I have seen that in comparison to any other gay film these people have more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty ... and it's all true. I will leave a few more text lines printed for this: It is enough to say that anyone who really wants to know what is being gay in the 60's and 70's, and what it was before modern drug "cocktails Sufficient for understanding. " "People have been allowed to breathe a little bit easier ... it's a film to see." <br /> <br /> Oh, and I'll add personal comments about AIDS, in spite of all, there's actually a terrible crystal lining, when AIDS first appears. , Then it is known as "gay cancer" and governments "save them" instead of spending a red center for research to save a bunch of fugs. It has become evident that AIDS is also a hatercetus disease, but the government was not prepared for it; so when the person started to become sick, only the only organizations and committees available for them were established by themselves (for example: name project: everyone who dies of AIDS Memorial monument, act-up etc.) As a result, people who are likely to live in their normal life They did not come in contact with them suddenly depending on them and they needed because no other organization existed. According to my estimate, this close contact finally broke the barriers of ancestors and allowed them to accept equally equal equations in the world. When AIDS first appeared in the scene, many of us thought that the world would use it as a way to make it even more difficult ... and perhaps if the Strike did not suddenly get sick, it was probably true; However, the move that has been done in gay liberation - point to that, as I write this, at least 5 countries in the world are taking homosexual marriage - this gain will probably take a lot of time to bring us without Edis together. It is unfortunate that these people - both directly and gay - had died before our general humanity became more clear - but if what I write here is true, and I think - then there is some consolation that these people do not die in vain Be realistic.
