This image will be seen in the correct frame of mind. Firstly, the relationship between the central father and son clearly makes it clear that the film was intended as a preview of his Wang Phi Hong film "Dracon master" (from the repeat of the film "Draken Master 2") and "Young Master"; Chan has stepped away from this plan and renamed the characters, indicating that he did not believe in himself that the material was coming together and, in fact, the film expressed feelings of incomplete; For example, the romantic relationship is almost entirely hanging at the end of the plot by plotting half of it. The "young master" of the same era also feels underneath, but at least its central threads are tied together. This image conflicts with Chan in the plot and it seems that the characters are trying to find their central theme, but only due to time and budget the effort can be abandoned. <br /> <br /> Or maybe this movie is very ambitious. This is an important bend movie in Chan's career, because he commits himself to the development of all the concerns of the central character - so there is a lack of Kung Fu throughout the film. Chan wants to create a historical romantic comedy that only lives in Kung Fu. But both historical elements and romantic elements come a little more than the plots-twists. <br /> <br /> Leave it with our comedy. Because of Chen's concern letter-development, comedy is largely character-driven - like the argument between Chan's character and his best friend, an argument over the girl. But there are lots of slapstick as well. Frankly, I found this joke enough joke to forgive the imperfection of the plot. <br /> <br /> This image tries to find a part of the Chan for an effective formula that it can use and develop over time. It does not work much, and Chan will find that source after the abandonment of historical elements of his earlier films with the creation of contemporary action comedy "Police Story". But returning to see this film is very informative about how Chan worked through his historic style, and perhaps why he abandoned it.
