Walt Disney and his 9 old men put their own 1950s spin in Cinderella's classic fairy tale, which I can say you can form an unauthorized "Fairy Tale Princess Trilogy" from the year of the classic Disney. Plot: Cinderella is a wonderful girl who can not break. She was a beautiful, wealthy widow girl who loved her very much, but Cinderell was very young when her mother died and Cindy's father thought that she needed a picture of the soil, so she finally married the woman who was known as Lady Tremine, The widow with two daughters herself about the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and D'Sagella. At first they all started going along, but then Cinderella's father died and the true nature of Lady Traimine was revealed - she was cold, cruel, cruel, heartless, meaningless woman, and she went to her daughters who were spoiled, bratty, and Equally encouraged. Anastasia and Drizella hate Cinderella because they can understand deeply that she is looking good and overall, the more perfect, more attractive lady (for example, more attractive to men), and her mother, Lady Tremine, hates Cindy for the same reason. Over the years, Lady Traimine began to loot family fortunes in a cruel but vain campaign to make her painful, unreasonable daughters happy (to be called "Homley" and humiliation everywhere) and the multi-tasking servant of the Cinderella house to frustrate three, Misuse him, humiliates him and humiliates any opportunity to him (they are special Ray is already interested in increasing the amount of irrational work already). This brings us to our current Cinderella, where he has seen a young young man who, despite his humiliating steps, continues to be kind and heartfelt, and hopes to return to his table on one day. <br /> <br /> When Cinderella meets the royal ball to get the independent young man to meet the local princess, his shot gets freedom and happiness, so that he can accept her as a wife, sit up, start a family, etc. Naturally, the family of her family physically attacked her until she even bought the dress she had bought for herself, even with a little help from her mouse friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother. . Finally he pushed through the point of his break, Cinderella got up in the premises and wept in frustration. Meanwhile, his fiddy godmother arrives, a small, fat, gentle lady, and supplies Cinderella with transport and changed clothes (after Cinderella did not give a great impression on the ball if she entered the scene, she just got gang raped). Cindy came to the ball and said, Prince works hard for him, but he escapes in midnight street in the pocket, forced him to flee, but leaves a glass slip. Shorten a long story - Cinderella is available after a long annoying search to find the mysterious girl trying through a glass slipper, and she and the prince get married, their happy ending ability. <br /> <br /> Overall, an enjoyable Disney classic. Without its flaws, most of the stir is that the princess is a bit more than McGuffin - to help push the plot - she has fewer screen time and even fewer conversations, so we do not know her very well or her relationship with Cinderella is good Appearance (which is unfortunate, since the documentary is created, the prince originally wanted to play a big role Some extra scenes may be helpful to help Cinderella in the flesh (there was a song that showed the fantasy of cleaning her house in order to show her satisfaction in her homeland as well as cleaning the house for cleaning the house as well as turning her girlfriend to clean the house. , Which was cut because Walt looked at himself Law that it was scary in his appearance). Still, Cinderella likes herself as a favorite heroine, even if she is excited by her mouse friends, and the sweetness of the movie that is becoming difficult to find this day. Of course, if it is now made, Cinderella may possibly develop more struggles against her family during the dress scene, and perhaps herself to be free in climax (perhaps picking up the lock or incomplete but exciting jump from her window) but by this point . <br /> <br /> And those who are saying Cinderella, they set a bad example for young girls, well, consider this - at least Cinderella did not have to be drunk public. And curiously exposed, unlike some modern day "princess" (you know who knows).
