In the 1950s, Disney's animated features were criticized for being too shiny, which was set in very high-profile natural scenes. That's just criticism. And yet it can not be a complete story, because the two less shiny - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also the weakest. On the other hand, "Cinderella" is set in a world that is very dirty, clearly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. Backgrounds are fine and consistent; Pure without being very bright in color. Animation changes a bit. I swear that some people are rotacoped - but then, the rotscoped people (including Cinderella itself) do not have full bloody characters in the script, so this method works well. It's really the creature that made the movie. I believe that animals have not been used much like this before the studio, but rather as a totem than sideclicks. For example, the mouse draws us in the story of animals; But they are really more colorless Cinderella representatives or collaborators. Cats, Lucifer, and the wicked are slowly known for the drunkenness. (The cat is brilliantly fantastic and animated - one of the greatest creators of all time. The supervisor was Wired Kimble and he modeled his cat. I was amazed how he was involved with the animal.) This method helps animals steal the show without drawing our attention from the main story. Their activities are the most sought after in the light of the main story. <br /> <br /> A significant number of supporting castes are King and Grand Duke. The character of a note of King - He wants to be a granddaughter and seems to have no other desire - but the note is hurt in a delightful fashion. The Grand Duke is an impressive character, which can be lifted out of its sphere like a cinderella. (Though, of course, he is rich.) <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" returned to Disney's features after an eight-year break, and with that in the first year, she would restore the raw illumination with a subsequent film. Moreover, he did something very difficult for himself by choosing "syndrome". She is an inactive heroine and nobody can do anything about that. (Probably I did wrong this score - I did not see the recent "sometimes"). But it's amazing how successfully Disney discharged this disgusting story of its soul.
