Legendary movie producer Walt Disney came with three best-fairytale stories on the screen. They all remain in the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his graduate classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" released in 1937. At the end, "sleeping beauty" was immediately praised, which became its first debut in 1959. Among these two, perhaps the most satisfying adaptation of a classic was the fairy tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Among the three films "Cinderella" is the most trusted of its source. Wickedly, in contrast to "Snow White", which is good or bad, becomes the most sure version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a hit and, like "Snow White", it was responsible for the reducing Disney's recovery, it did not necessarily receive the audience recognition it must deserve. Disney, once proud of yourself, does not tamper with a classic, but rather elaborate and rewrite it on the screen, instead of adding substances, choose. The results were enchanting. <br /> <br /> The combination of excellent animation (beautiful soft technolare) and perfect voice surroundings combines today's life with such an illumination. Radio recorded by radio actors Elin Woods, music writer, Al Hoffman, McDavid, and Jerry Livingston's writers recorded song protests. When Disney listens to them, he knew that he got his cinderella. And indeed he was. Woods heartfelt presentation "A dream wants your heart", "So this love" and "Oh sweet sweet night" is perfect. Allen Audley, who will go to the "Sleeping Beauty" voice mellifcente, skillfully achieved cruel cruelty of the motherland, and Roda Williams and Lucile Bliss were convincingly nasty actresses. Lewis van Rooten played praisingly both as King and Grand Duke, and James McDonald's syndrome's dedicated mouse respects both Jacques and Gus. There is little conversation as William Fipes's prince (recent talk show Host Mike Douglas has given voice to his song), but the film (and Disney) is elderly, Verna Felton was born to play Fairy Movie and made the best number (Oscar nominated) "BBBD-Bobby- Bo ") her own show-stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "appearance" of the film was Mary Blair, whose Disney color was widely acclaimed by Disney. His elegant French-time backgrounds strongly add to the film's quality. But, the most important of all the 'credible characters - from Cinderella, on the right, Lucifer's right, the parents of the cat's cottage cat. They often bring both life and the company in the story, it is very difficult to create an animated film. <br /> <br /> On the occasion of the 55-year anniversary of the film, (and, not contests, next holiday season) a special edition DVD of "Cinderella" was released. It just does not feel good The fully restored movie must be appreciated - it seems to be pretty, it looks great. An improved stereo soundtrack has been added, and serves good music. DVD Extras are now an ideal part of the Disney Platinum Edition, many of them to be listed here, but naturally, some are directed toward children, slogans are given to some adults, and others are reduced to anywhere. But the real fans will want to get Deluxe's ​​gift set because it includes a 160 page hardback book with a real room of eight characters and not only that does not include most of the content available with the book. 1995 Special Edition Home Video Release, but much more As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will be available for only limited time. So, if you like me, you're a "Cinderella" lover, get it now! This version is really a "Dream Come True."
