And there is another evidence here that we all worship the Italian giyola and fear the horror as one of the most unique sub-novels. Emilio Miraglia's "The Red Queen's Seven Times" is completely submissive to the main plot, stylish production value, vivid music, extraordinary acting talent and innovative poor murder sequences. It is a fabulous gaoloo (released in 1927 in the golden year) which is in the top five of every fan of Italian film. The storyline not only identifies your average black-glided and sexually-minded slayer, but the Macbill's mystery of the murderer "Red Queen" combines the purpose of good old revenge. At a young age, their grandfather continued to tell Kitty and Evelyn to the warring brothers, that an unbelieving woman who killed seven people once every 100 years on April 6, in which her sister was the last victim of the inevitable. Fourteen years later, suddenly a prominent modeling agency (even sharing his bed with the general manager) has suddenly become a successful dancer at the start of the assassination. Sister Evelin will be a clear criminal, but she recently went to the states ... or is she? At least complex and involved red deers are thrown to you every few minutes, and the Red Queen character must be Geile-the most fascinating killer in history. Her face is never seen, but she wears blood red clothes and whenever she takes a new victim, she creates the most horrific smile. He is not very gentle, because his victim brutally abducted with the hijackers, dragged behind the car, and also detained at the sights! That one of the next one really is one of the greatest (= most awesome) jobs I've seen! What more could you possibly ask? Some enthusiastic and delicious nudity, perhaps? Gorgeous female actresses got more than covered, among them Barbara Bouchet and in a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous gaelo-director, because she only made it and recommended it equally "The Night Evelyn came out of the grave", but its impact and importance should not be forgotten.
