Dashle Hammett and Raymond Chandler's warmhearted detective stories are decorated in a fox-like film like chicken coops - in fact, in the process of creating modern American rituals and styles - which can be called Golden Age imaginable, no impression. Problems with books by Agatha Christie, Dorothy El Sires or SS Van Dine (who rely on the work of this film) are less of a performance or diversity - when Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe exceeds the average LA route. , Class tenants, bars, offices, rich palaces, and all kinds of exciting hazards and violence, the Golden Age fantasy is usually in the case of positions, murder scenes, usually a chaotic country house, and limited investigation for action investigations and suspected interviews This is a very static method, reducing the plot to solve the puzzle. <br /> <br /> It is, of course, something many ideological as the other, the story of Golden Edge dealing with unfavorable societies for the change and movement of stories; A harsh warm colonial event recorded in a minor reality is moving away from a growing center (both authority and a city), which divides itself into discriminatory, unauthorized and lawless camps. Another big problem with golden age fiction is the character - because we can not finally get to know the answer to the crime, we can not get access to the motivation or motivation of the characters, being defined by their potential needs to be completely killed. Conscious, anxious, contrary to private hidden eyes, can be bright only, and maybe a little brighter. <br /> <br /> Most of the movie problems from the Golden Age book are that they are reconstructing the merchant verny / jane Austen school over time, and ultimately looking foolish. Success has been achieved, for example, by Ellen Rani and others radical recycling by Cloud Chabral. In the English-speaking world, there are actually only two. Alistair SIM Classic, 'Green for Danger', works because it shocks the form almost parody, though it never betrays the mystery or interest of the mystery. <br /> <br /> Previously Michael Cartitz's bright 'The Kaille Murdere Case' The description is pure golden age. The potential suspects who have been introduced to a fraudulent character gives him the reason to kill him. He slumped in a locked house, as suicide lord, suicide indicator, as the appropriate creator. Playful policemen fall frustrating for brutality. It is also known as Filho Vans, gentleman and amateur detective, to read an older, thicker formula, to open the case outside the boundary of the room, and finally to solve the case, the dead body is more intelligent than the intellectual revival. <br /> <br /> This is not a detective plot - it can be just as annoying as a solution - although it's rarely less than entertainment, and business-wide bits are full. There is no attempt to 'abolish' the perfect detective picture - there is a terrific scene where a brutal sergeant threatens to bribe the suspect without making a terrible protest, but it is about him. <br /> <br /> 'classic' its modernity as a classic. Curtiz is not generally considered to be a great auteur, because there is no evidence of its continuous theme or artistic development. But he is the greatest artisan of Hollywood, and he's exciting form here. If the story of the Golden Age detective is only a puzzle, then this cartridge concept is a logical extreme form, creating an abstract variation on its source, a series of paintings, characters and geometries, a beautiful picture of the beautiful art-deck set, and the sudden motion of the static Breaks from compositing, and, they are knocked out in a corner, making the dead decor alive. <br /> <br /> This treatment is suitable for a story that firmly denies the reality, a pattern that turns intelligence into a mirror like two central brothers, or the original crime itself borrows from an 'Unsold Masters' book. This fantastic world of Oriental Rex ('Moonstone Film' 's film) collections of the rich wealthy people, unknown Chinese vocalist, former voice vocals Butler, dog-loving foam, Ranonosk police, perfect accommodation for the van, a man in Europe, like a cruise in Europe Jump to the cruise, who knows the social world of this human, and still with crime and co-operation with the police ় are mad because of her interest, or if he is not thinking about nothing more than machines, William Powell, the greatest American kautukabida decade, gamely to reduce humanity's stupid. <br /> <br /> But if treatment is rare, Claymax sees the sight of cruel enemies, enemy dogs and kill them. Police and intelligence are supposed to prevent crime, inciting one is guilty.
