There are some films that look at each and every fan (or myself) and Emilio Miraglia's "La Dama Rosa Vaccide Set Volt" Ur. "Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) Of course, one of them. Hello, I was waiting several times with my two favorite sub-generals Goyal and Gothic Tales, and my expectations were higher, but this great writing exceeded my highest expectation. Mirgalia ex-Giallo, "The Night Eviline Cam Of Out the Grave" (1971), already mixed with a fuzzy and highly atmospheric film that successfully mixed with Gothic Gothic Horror, but it was probably not possible to compare with this instant personal choice. "Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a hands-down, it is sometimes one of the most unique and great Italian horror movies ever produced, and no lover of it seems likely missing it. Incredibly messaging with the Gothic ingredients Gazelle, "Red Queen" provides everything that one can expect in a Gulf way: an innovative and incredibly intriguing plot, spinal-chilling mystery, a supernatural unusual setting and a truly obscure environment, vivid snow color , Stylish murder, a brilliant score, and at least, amazingly beautiful Barbara B. An extraordinary female lead lead by ouchet - this image is simply one of the most extraordinary combinations of elegant beauty and pure terrorism. <br /> <br /> The film starts incredibly in a beautiful Gothic palace in Germany. Like little girls, Kitty Winelbrook and her sister Evelyn are fighting for their grandfather saying a story behind their incredibly extraordinary figure: The legendary Red Lady protested against returning to the castle every year and killing seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara BUET) has become a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly people were murdered ... Directive Miriglia has already proved her incredible talent for style, atmosphere and colorful transition with "The Knight Evelyn Comes Out from the Grave" and she used these ingredients more effectively in these elements. "Red Quinn Kills Seven Times" is actually a festival for the eyes and one of the most visible and intriguing-based Italian horror films. Alone haunting painting in grandfather's castle is able to provide crowds. The Red Lady (or Red Queen, which is called the title of English) is the most impressive figure of all time in Geylot, the spine smell of the spine that can be scared of its fears. <br /> <br /> A sexy female throw is always appreciated, especially in Geylot, and this is a prime example for it. Frequently Bubar Bucket (one of my favorite actresses) should be one of the most beautiful women on screen, and she's also a wonderful actress. The appearance of BUET in Italy was one of the best films of the 70's (1 9 72), among three best artists: Fernando de Lior's "Milano Calibro 9", Lucio Fulcios Giulo-Highlight "Don" to pieces in pieces "and this unforgettable jewel. Along with Miss Bucket, the super-sexy cast of the movie includes Sexy Young Cyan Danning, Marina Malfati ("The Night Evelyn A The Abbey of the Grave "), and other beauties which are not afraid to carry it for the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the whole picture, murderers are stylish and very elegant, yet awesome and Macbra, and a few of them are impressive. The memorable score of Bruno Nicolaei is as memorable as it is, and more hunting continues to make the film more frequent, and the plot is impressively slow.   রে এবং লাল হরিণগুলির দ্বারা পূর্ণ, প্রতিটি ক্ষণস্থায়ী মিনিটের সাথে উত্তেজনা-স্তরটি ঘটে। "রেড রানী ..." অস্পষ্ট শুরু হয় এবং এটি শেষ সেকেন্ডে অত্যাশ্চর্য থাকে। সামগ্রিকভাবে, এই চলচ্চিত্রগুলির মধ্যে একটি যে আমি প্রশংসার যথেষ্ট শব্দ খুঁজে পাচ্ছি না। "Red Quinn Kills Seven Times" is a perfect masterpiece that easily grows in the best gaiety and is the highest priority for every fan of Horror and / or Italian movies. 10/10
