Michael Cartridge conducted this 1930s very stylish hooditt with Robert Schrittinger Sir, Robert N. Lee and a script for Peter Mine. They were adapted to the original novel "The Kennel Murder Case", perhaps strange to the author's point of view. come. Van Dyne's Best Filo Vance Mystery Vans was a long-awaited and superior intelligence talent, and his character was allocated to William Powell, perhaps his meaning was that Warner Brothers executives were probably aware that this detective could disassociate the viewers. Fortunately they employ William Powell first character. Later, he played before Basil Rothbone, Warren William and Paul Lucas, before becoming the title of "B". Always have another question with Warner Brothers officials why they chose Van as the character; Their tendency was to choose a law enforcement force, there is no clear discrimination between the killer and the individual rights champions against all the colleagues. There is a claustrophobic challenging locale inside the image of an abusive villain in the picture and an apartment complex. Characters are irrationally unusually felt, the direction is rather good and unnaturally read; And without a dark B / W look, the film is avoiding the many detective entries comedic acid, extra character, and irreplaceable dialogue features. Jack Okey did the best industrial direction. Berghard Kune's music is beneficial; Dress up Arri-Kelly. William Reese has made most of the cinematography in-house. In the fascinating story, Powell, Phillow Vance of his time, is mostly a hint of psychic sunny and simple humor. Eugene Palette is better than playing Vance as a complimentary police partner, along with his very professional timing. The best actor who played one, Paul Kawangha, which was written as part of Red Hearing, is always effective. Mary Astor is interesting but at this moment in her career she turned out to be effective as a bit too quick to speak. Helen Winson was also the villain of the villain, Jacques La Rou, Ralph Morgan (known as the brother of the best Frank Morgan), Robert Barratt, Ronaldo Barratt as Ronaldo's favorite brother, murderer, Acharya Quay, and Frank Conroy as MacWead DA; Quirky and funny Etiienne Girardot have a delightful wretched part that comes onto the criminal scene as a fun little forensic doctor. As a Chinese servant of abuse, James Lee is excellent and intelligent. The story breaks into four parts. At first the dog shows have shade dances, where Vans, Co and Kavanagha are watching all of West Weiland Hyperland. Cavanagh's dog was killed, by Coe, to win the title on his own entry. Take the leave in the second part of the scene; Someone who went wrong to kill his brother, who mistakenly forgot a part of his girlfriend from his friend Friend Winson, was quite confused by her. Enter the vans, a locked room and how, with the help of Palette, who was in Archor Quay? The romantic problems have been straightforward, the Chinese servant has been dismissed, we have found out the costliest float, who will marry, how to behave in aunt and why did not do it - But it was better excuse with anyone. This is a much better mystery, which took the cartridge of Hungarian-born director seriously. He used options between the available, bold and camera camera movements, camera angle changes, and options available for achieving various types of interest, interest and adjustable speed. Many authors, critics and experts, I've included myself, are considered to be the best in the van project, although others are also guessable.
