"Markham," fertile gentleman criminal-solver Filo Vance (William Powell) told the district attorney, "I believe in the death of aunt in this room, I'm coming in. This insect, this is the tip, now these fragments ... all of it here. "" But Vance, "Markham says," Do you want to tell me that a dead man is walking upstairs? " "I'm not really trying to say anything," Vance says. "This is my most wonderful experience." <br /> <br /> We are sympathetic. Who are rich, arrogant artists, who did not recognize him, did not like him, in his bedroom chair, in a pistol hand and a shot on his head. But wait. More tests show that Koe had hit hard with the help of a broken machine. Then there are stains on his back. The complex things are the doors and windows of the corner bedroom locked from inside. Coe was not a suicide; This was a murder. But how did the killer escape? So what were the specific motivations to have so many suspects? And the co-brother Brisbane Koe, who died on the main floor? <br /> <br /> Kenyil Murder Case, now 73 years old, still offers stylish look at the old locked classic hoodnuts. How does it work, first, the mystery is complex and clever, but still logical. Secondly, William Powell's ridiculous, assured performance. Consider his work as Philo Vans as something of a rehearsal for his great acting as Nick Charles. Some things turn vance. She used to piece together things her wight. He is a good company Powell was a star in the twentieth century and during the conversation, he continued to ascend for status and popularity. His intelligence, style, and current sociability made him a contemporary contemporary of the actor from the past. <br /> <br /> See also some other great faces beautiful. Mary Astro, young, annoying and potentially wealthy ward like Hilda Lake; Paul Cavanagh, the name of a pilgrim around Hollander Helen Winson with her remarkably enthusiastic and selfish approach (seen her stuff in the late 1938); Etienne Gerundot, a young person who is liberal Dr. Like Doremas, whose work is done and the medical examiner takes him away from his food; And as the personal secretary of Morgan Morrison Archor Koo. This movie has a height of middle-aged men, which is without an ounce fat, those who can wear nuts, English-cut facility suits. Most Eugene Palettes, its authentic stomach and jackfruit voice, as Detective sergeant hits. Sergeant Hath and Van are known long-known, who actually love each other.
