Job stress and the pressure of moral conflict borne repression against the responsibilities of any family business (though it is a unique one) - or of the medieval crisis - perhaps by the catalyst. Henry Bromel's written and directed, 'Panic', examining dark and dry play and William H. Messi and Donald Switterland played. It is a wonderful view of how irregularities and denials can bring about the consequences of internal conflicts and sufferings which eventually occur in conflict and at the moment of truth when conflict is needed, should be resolved by the end. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; She is a loving wife Martha (Tracy Woolman), a steady six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), she is the main source of income, along with the mail order business she has left from home, her family, her father, Michael (Sutherland), and Share with her mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain) But he is empty; The years of this special business have silenced him, he has kept him in a mental position, which led him to see psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). Dr. In the waiting room of the park, she met a young Sarah Cassidy (Nev Campbell) (and perhaps, better, depending on the viewpoint), whose presence can only keep in mind that for the first time she seems alive. He quickly made another brick on his moral conflict wall, after meeting him the next day after his job, he could not stop thinking about him only. His whole life, it seems, has become a 'situation' - apparently unable to succumb to himself successfully in a way that he does not like himself. He can deny his age, and in reality he really is inclined towards the medieval crisis, but he finds that the problems faced by him will not only be left to themselves. He will decide on a crossroads, and the way he will go. And he must do it very soon. <br /> <br /> is an idea that spontaneously interesting, Bromel has created an impressive character study that is insightful and stimulating, and it is a way to reflect the moments that reflect the audience and understand how Alex is running. He makes it very clear that there is no easy answer, there is no easy way in real life. His characters are well defined and very real people who represent the living diversity and also, in a particular family unit. The film is superbly meant that the father's sins are transmitted irresistibly to the descendants, with overwhelming consequences and effects. When you grow up, you will accept your personal environment just like the earth; And often it has been in the elderly for many years that nobody understands and understands that by virtue of every person running on the planet, the moral parameters are actually established and the people determined by the father may not be able to support the son's policy. And in the meantime, Alex himself appeared as a story; ergo, the crisis in the Middle Ages, or more specifically, the crisis of conscience from which he can not escape. This is a strong message, short-lived and lightly released by Bromel, with the help of some of its actors' outstanding performances. <br /> <br /> William H. for some time Messi's business's premier character actor, Magnolia's Quiz Kid Doni Smith, created a variety of characters like 'Mastri Men' and 'Fargo''s Jerry Lundguard. And that's a sample of his many successes. At one point in this movie, Sarah has mentioned Alex's 'sad eyes', and this is a very commentary, because here Messi has the power of performance, a real, emotional way of expressing all his publicity that he is facing internal turmoil. Consider the scene where he is lying awake in bed, looking at the darkness; At a steady moment it is clear that he not only with his instant situation, but with everything in his life which has finally brought it. In that scenario, you look for a total number of lives of crime, confusion and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully suppressed; All things that are always in the core part of Alex's life, only slowly, through its defense approach and eventually face, demand contradiction and resolution. It has created a complex character and delivered by Messi with an absolute accuracy that makes Alex memorable. This is a character that will be able to relate to someone who may ever face seemingly annoying disagreements. This is a great work of the best actors around. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is very effective; His Michael is frustrating in a way that is sinful so it is cool. Actually it's terrible that they are actually walking the world. This is some good fiction or James Bond type villain, but the real personality of the evil, it hides behind a normal face that it can be the next person, which makes it even more isolated. And Sutherland bring it all to life, brilliantly with a great performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell looks at Sarah's part, but her performance seems to be somewhat pretentious (as with her usual case), although her affective emotions will fit just the characters here and actually a positive aspect of the film. If he sometimes makes his energy introvert, it will make a great difference in presenting his characters. 'Panic', however, is one of his best efforts; A strong film that, in the end, is taking a good price in travel. 9/10 <br /> <br />
