When Bourne Identity came five years ago, I must admit I do not think much about it. At that time I was 11 years old, so perhaps I was very young to reach the story and understand the whole scenario. When Borne reached the Supreme Court two years ago, I think it was a better film than the identity, but I still do not think it would be judged by the trailer. Over the past two years, I have been told many times that Bourne movies were amazing, many times I had to bite my tongue and I did not have to say what I thought about movies. Until two months ago I could not disrespect Bourne Ultimatum, I really did not want to see it. But then I decided to come back before making a sudden decision and to see the first two. So I went out and bought both the original movies. And what was amazing to me when I was gripped by them. Identity is better than two, but proletariat is not far away. They both saw slick, action packed and thrilling pieces of cinema that I saw many times from buying them. For this reason I was on line today to see Bourne Ultimatum. And boy bourne ultimatum is not frustrated! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was never my favorite actor, until he appeared in Bourne's film, I saw him in a talented Major Replay, but I never thought of him in general. However, I think he was born to play in Bourne (great forgiveness). Throughout this series we saw the character change in front of our eyes, we see Matt Damon very well in this film, even better in exile and I think he was one of the best things in exile. Find out that you really care about the character and hopefully finds yourself everything. Matt Damon plays a role with a quiet intensity and you always find his character highly credible. The film's supporters were absolutely outstanding. Joan Allen Borne was one of my favorite things, here she inspires herself. His character is very credible and at the end of the film he has some great acting moments. Julia Stiles is again active as Nicky and eventually we learn something about her character. Julia Stilts is a very underhanded actress and I think she has many more roles, good decent roles, she gets. As David Strathren's new actor in this series eat Noah, he is certainly the bad guy of the film and he really excels. She's definitely the nastiest character we've met, and she decides that something is really nasty. Strathreen likes the role, and he also has some fantastic scenes in the movie. The special mention must definitely go to Albert Finney, who has made most of his short screen time, I will not say anything about the character, which is as good as the surprise, but I firmly believe in his view some highlights of the movie. <br /> <br /> The movies of sister are closely monitored on the performances of the performances, Tripoli does not seem to lack the order of action, there is no good god, they have no load, all of them in the cinema. But a very good writing and well-played tales running throughout the movie This story ends with the best imagination in this movie. I saw Alimmetam in the night before I saw the greatness, it was nice because I could have noticed some small parts. The very final scene in the snakes in New York, I have imagined that it is much more important. It does not fall for the people, but you can check to see the ultimatum before you check it. Unfortunately, for many people, they will see altimetam completely due to the activation actions. This is a part where I should condemn such people and they see it for the story, but I did not say if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series were completely moving. Identity Mini Mini Chase is one of my favorite car charging all the time. This step of Alemmeatam will be the best in the Bourne series. In fact, the film was closed by an action sequence in Moscow. So during the filming period we got many violent ups, all very violent and frustrating cruel. Absolutely amazing that a bike's chase, which is even more amazing, incredible, incredible, an exciting car that chases the legs, and oh so much more! But the highlights for me will be a scene at Waterloo Station, it will not be destroyed but for some reason I got stuck. <br /> <br /> So there is no error for the movie? Not in my eyes, but if you are not a fan of Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, then I will not recommend the ultimatum for you. The movie does not try to conquer any new fans because it works best for the franchisee and only adds top stories and action sequences. Bourne Ultimate is undoubtedly the best series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As one of the best James Bond, I have a great respect for telling that Altimetam is much better than most of the Bond films, and I believe that it's a lot for me. Bourne bonds can not be a better franchise than throughout the series, but it's almost the same.
