It was originally intended to do the same thing with "Batman", which was completed with the living "Gilgin Island" of "Gilgin Island". For those who missed it (and shame!) "Living Gilgit Island" (full title: "Surviving Gilgens Island: The Incident's True Story of the Longest Three Hour Tour in History") was specially a few years back, where Bob Denver (" About the story of the creation, cancellation, reconsideration, and rebirth of the show "Gilligan"), Don Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("Professor"). Along the way, the stories made the dramas dramatized by portraying the original cast and crew. It was a very good job. It was fun, well cast and added as the real document of the show. <br /> <br /> "Butkov: Misdentants of Adam and Burt" is similar. The history of the show, again the law, reiterates common sense all the same. <br /> <br /> "Return", both Adam West and Bart Ward invites a show show not to be invited. After the permission to stay, Adam and Bart testify to the centerpiece of the show: legendary batmobile! Adam and Burt have decided to chase behind them, compelling them to think about their leadership history through their explicit sources. It has finally stole Batmobal and expresses why using this manifestation. <br /> <br /> The biggest lockdown on this show is to choose the disguise (actually having a plot). In contrast to "Survival", "Return" forced the visitors to follow less interesting story instead of focusing their attention on the most interested (show's history) of the viewer's view (batmobile stolen). The historic division that works best is that. Welding (as "alive") is excellent. Jack Bruyaar ("Adam West") and Jason Mersden ("Bart Ward") * Many actors like them * did not play the role of the actors. Brett Ricci ("Frank Guiscin") carries a strong similarity to his subject, but none of the late Gorshin's characters simply capture his characters. The images of other actors are small and functional, especially good or bad as no one is standing. Most stories have been told earlier, but they mostly play frustrating, occasionally presenting incognito. Another wonderful bit from the historical divisions uses the audition footage of Lyle Wagner's efforts for Batman's part. Flashbacks are the only place to fail when they insert explicitly constructed plot points to move on to the original story. This inevitably reduces the accuracy of flashbacks. <br /> <br /> "The main plot" (if we say this, of course), but of course ridiculous. This is not a fault in itself and in reality, but it is not well enough to reduce itself. Strong performance and good writing can create a stupid plot (especially in such things), but we do not really get here. The performance of West and Ward seems to be a bit flat (even for them); The dialogue is very carefully written for it's natural feel. Again, I think the comparison of "living Gilgin Island" can be seen that the dialogue probably could set up a flashback. In "survival", it is all willing to be. In "return" it tried to dual responsibility and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Numera did a good job (though I agree with others that Gorshin was not very good at age and Numar had - and Wagner looked good?) But that's not enough. Again, I think they were all well served by a simpler presentation than the one selected here. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Another point is about "return". About this particular "Batman" TV series and its history, however, all the clips shown are from the theater movie. Even Wagoner footage technically movie footage. If you know that you are "bat-histories", but you know that the film was originally planned, it should be delayed only for TV shows when the CBS has to fill up fast time. So while Wagoner and West were testing for this role, it was not for TV but for the movie. Why "Return" is unclear using only movie footage. It will probably work with the greatest rights issues, but this is a different confusing issue for those who know it: At present, Julie looks at Nuemar, but in the past only the footage of Lee Meriwether as the Catwoman of the past. <br /> <br /> I like the show, mainly for flashbacks. I liked the style used in "Steviving Gilligan Island", but I can understand why they want more story-based pieces about the matter. As well, I like these people. They look and feel good about it, are still having fun in one of the great pieces of entertainment history. I just wish they had done it a little better and when the original cast was still more alive.
