For years, we saw many extravagant things by the authors, when there was no issue of mourning, after John Ritter died, "8 simple rules" have been remembered, but perhaps it was the first time I cared. Kicks are ridiculous to think of Eric or "less 70s" concept. They tried to add to Leo's return and growing obscene story line, but it always seems to be disturbing when you do not have any major character. It was not really connected, it was a bunch of unrelated things that most of the time was not even fun. The last season was very much felt for every single character, just like the season, because only Eric used screen time and now we are confronted with how old and repetitive the remaining letters are. Phase's hostile focus was completely energized and the character just stopped working, because the whole thing was that she would say something strange, and when you can not say stuff from anywhere in a second line it's yours. They brought standard cousin Oliver, only when there was no child. Whenever you heard someone standing in front of the door, you started praying for Rongdie, please do not let it be Rengdi. The deal with Randiei was really loudly, with a loud and a loud whispering loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly, half of more than half of the last season pretended to be surprised Was done. Problems started in advance: At one time, a really cool event, which was once a sick family, did not reach the soap opera region suddenly. Everyone began to love each other, mental scenes began to feel nauseous, only Lam kept somewhere in the joke so that we could see that "the world is changing". I'm guessing this character was developing, but that comes almost officially written as a moral lesson from "family affairs". To be justified, because of the last episode, it was a Kymo by Grace (a cameo in his own voice), was not really good, even if it is not funny. <br /> <br /> Season 8 more criticism: what was with the open theme? They do not only use the same weld (not singing a character), Fez fears hell from me. Dude, do not open your eyes until that. But among the best comedies that were broadcasted in the first five seasons or beyond.
