Before looking at it, I was hoping to simply copy another middle soft-core copy of the much-loved "Emmanuelle" series to be played in Sylvia Krisle. It turned out to be one of the wonders how it really was. It actually has a story, and it's really very romantic What makes 'yellow emmanuel' beautiful, it is heroin, beautiful and exotic, Lee. He played very well with his character, Emmy Wang, the audience would have to remember something for him when his dream would be an accident around him. Emy Wong is a highly respected doctor, statuesque with a regal quality. He comes from an ancient Old Family, where is still practicing ancient customs. Ema will be a virgin until she is married, a man she has never seen, Beautiful doctor seems to be okay with this sorted wedding. Just how it is done in his world However, he does not plan to meet British pilot and fall in love, where he works under his care at the hospital where he works. Amy decided to take away with the custom, and she gives herself to its western people. But after a long time in love, such as Dr. Wang is something other than a simple woman. His pilot, George, has promised to marry a good man and Emek so that he does not lose his respect and position in his harsh society. None of the third parties do count, one Ilona Staller, who destroys their relationship through a series of harmful games. Emmy is believed to have been abandoned by her man so that she only plays a game with him to sleep with him. His place in society has gone, he was disappointed. This proud, elegant woman, in her career as well as the sweet relationship with her caring father, makes the film a surprisingly dramatic and frustrating look and succeeded in drinking and prostitution life. I was surprised to find myself so mad in this unexpectedly tragic story. When George returned to town, I was on the edge of my seat, and went to an unknown hotel where his beautiful Eme is working like a prostitute! Classic drama I imagine many visitors were a bit disappointed by all these dramas. Here many would expect penis and nudity, but there is not much else. And when it is, it is completely non-exploitable, and very artsy and soft core. You are the first Emmanuel fan with Silvia Cristal, more than likely you would appreciate the familiar classics. I was particularly impressed by the extra attention to detail. Amy took the whole island where Amy took George to her forefather's house, that's really nice. Her father looks at George, and the spectacular collection of his Bonzai trees in the visitors. He has a complete tiny forest built out of these amazing trees. Completely unexpected. After grabbing it on TV's late night cable TV, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a copy of the film. When I finally got it I found no longer than the video version. More sex? No, more melodrama. A sudden sub-plot of the Klinging with some unknown fatal diseases about George for DVD release! I actually like the cables version well. I am glad that this rare gem has finally been released to the DVD I have to mention beautiful cinematography and bizarre and interesting 70's soundtracks. This is an observer when you just feel that you are watching something very rare, and quite special. I recommend to thinkers who do not need sexual violence and violence to maintain their interest.
