In future society, military elements do not have to be recruited; Rather, their candidates are elected at birth, dropped from nursery and are nominated to spend their whole life in government service. They are given the battlefield, body and soul, for any reason other than protection and serving; There is no personal identity other than their names and terms and no autonomy. This fate is set for them, for which 'Sendier', directed by Paul Anderson, and predicted for those who run Cart Russell. Before the movie began, the film began to be difficult and dark, such as training from soldiers during the advances of adults from childhood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, Best of the Year, and we look at his career when he did the job in the conventional way after the campaign; He was born from a soldier. But the best can not even go to eternity, and the days when Tod and his companions are no longer elated. A new generation of soldiers has been created, developed genetics and technology products, and Tod's generation is suddenly obsolete. Following is the story of a person who has to fight for his own life, struggling to discover his own humanity and personality's own ideas, a new feature for a soldier, who knows only two things about his whole life: fear and discipline. Rasel gives the performance of commanding like Todd, the soldier who imposes all emotions and personal thoughts on everyone else, but obey orders without any order. There are several lines in this movie, but Russell says the volume through his eyes. This introduction shows that he is actually one of the artists we are grateful under our times; So that he can completely disappear into Tod's character, his achievement of his power, and this part he created entirely different from what he had done earlier. And he gave Todd a depth and credibility that someone with a less gifted gift could easily be presented as something more than a proactive and sponsor stereotype. There are also significant performances by Connie Nelsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaac (Colonel Meekum). Jason Scott Lee surrounded supporting castings, remembered as Cain 607, is one of the new generation of soldiers; Shan Parateway (mes); Gary Bus (Captain Church); Michael Chalice (Jimmy Pig); And Mark Bringleson (rubric). Anderson has delivered an action film with a message, a story that has passed the science-fiction genre. 'Sainik' reminds us of the importance of keeping humanity in our lives. This is an entertaining way to consider the options, such as a bright future and a world where good movies do not completely make a difference. Most of them like '1984,' and 'Mad Max' are the film which is finally lifting, will pause you and think of a variety of things that all of us need to be together and share. I rate this 7/10.
