Why do I like Decision Crime so much? Why do I think of a dozen or more scenes from this movie, any time I shout aloud? It's hard to explain, but I'll try it. After all, this is a very interesting thing - in contrast to many "formal" reviews you want to trust. But then again, it relies entirely on your humor, so there is no point in debating this issue. Often humor is in dialogue and it is often a casual comedy. For example this is a very delightful scene where 4 gang members have been given a lift behind a truck. When the farmer leaves them, they stand by the side of the road, joins with beef *** or whatever. They are completely unfamiliar; Then, feeling the humor of the scene, each one begins to laugh about himself and Ruben's blades (as Carlos) show terrible (and of course perfume), spontaneously spray some mouths and make a chocolate again by describing the scene about his breathing! ). Which leads to the second point: acting Fred Guin, Lu Diamond Phillips, William Ras, Ruben Blades and Corbin Barsen (all right, sometimes the latter ends a little bit) are all okay and play their parts nicely - in fact, you feel they're enjoying themselves film shooting. Thirdly, there are plots. The director and screenwriter Jim Cauff is very hard; He took his time to unveil the plot and set personal letters on its own. Often, there is no real step, and you still enjoy these 4 different people - who try to loot banks, even though their boss (Barsenen) does not seem to be irritating each other even even instantly annoyingly. , Like each other The film is usually an excellent parody of a bank robbery plot - all its twists and tricks is impossible with the impossible, yet it is fully convinced for the wonderful details. Eventually, the title of the film is one of the greatest achievements I've ever made, because it is technically a very brief plot. So, please consult me: check out this movie, but if you do not make chicken, green or smile in the first 10 minutes, forget it - it's not like your movie. Psyche The only negative thing about this movie is that there is no way to get a screenplay - if you know, tell me.
