I like this picture for a variety of reasons. I have a soft spot for movies about a complex plot plot like TOPKAPI. I also enjoy movies (such as TOPKAPI and big deals at Madonna Street) that might hide the genre. One of the best is the Dzongjnade Crimes. <br /> <br /> Corbin Barnesen has met four content for years and he decides that he can use planned bank robbery in a small Montana town. But he did not give any information about the crime to the violent people, nor do they know each other really. Shortly after sending them, Barnesen was arrested by the New Jersey Police (Ed and Blue and Daniel Rokbuk), whom he had escaped earlier and took a warrant to bring him back. When he takes care of them, four consorts (Fred Guin, Lou Diamond Phillips, Ruben Blade and Will Ras) see without planning to see why Barnes is there to plan some plans. <br /> <br /> The first 20 minutes of the movie are used slowly to each other, while Gwyn and Phillips can trust each other with the help of pushing their own doubts. At the same time, we look forward to moving Barnesen slowly to O'Neal and Roebuck - not very difficult because they are sometimes not the brightest bulbs existing. As a result, there are two sets of plots which will keep each other in jeopardy across the whole film: trying to determine what Barnesen's plan was about, and how it managed, and Barnesen tried to maintain his independence from his followers and return to his cabin ( And hope his gang take command for him). Growing uprising against the Idiots from New Jersey and the rage of the local Sheriff Whit Acton, there is also a third, small, plot that goes into his hair. <br /> <br /> There are many fun moments in the film, such as coming from Oxon, O'Neal and Roebuck, surrounded by a house hiding inside Barnsen, and shouting (via a megaphon, "Come, we're surrounded by you! ! "To switch the scene a huge amount, the Montana plane that is struggling with Barnesen and stumbles through miles, the police think that he thinks at that moment. The moment of anger by those who are fortunate to be the oldest (Guin) position: It does not always guarantee a guarantee, at one point their cars will not start, and they will have to stop a journey by truck. Unfortunately, it is a truck carrying truck. <br /> <br Conclusion with the gang successfully convey robbery, including critical time including disabling all the police car (Philips specialty car) also, during the time Sya, and a gem of comic results. The film is very entertaining, and certainly worth looking for.
