Anna (Charlotte Chest) creates a strange fever that lets her go into the world of her own creation. In an inferior world he is pictured with a sad boy as an old dumpy house resident in the middle of a unfortunate field. Absolutely missing, like a baby in the house, and it is inhabited by Mark Mark (who can not walk because Anna does not get any foot on her). This purgatory / lebo world Anna's son travels home from house to house in the house-to-house home and tries to save the boy, but his fever makes it difficult for him to wake up every time and can not kill him alone and there forever Mark. <br /> <br /> Wow! Burner Rose is a good word for brilliantly adding hunting and poetic paperhouses. A movie that is so easy that it is impossible to impossible and it is impossible to forget You can find this puppy in your horror section, however it is anything but. It's a serious fantasy, skillfully guided and played well, especially Charlotte Beck and Elliott Spirits (Mark). And yet, this is not a movie of children, but we must remember those indifferent days which are now only dark memories. Rose Moody creates a thrilling backdrop for playing with a brilliant story and great actor who creates a rich tapestry of ambiance. The paperhouse stays away from trying to explain more visionary qualities and abandons most of the viewers' imagination. There are many symbols and ambiguities in which your teeth sink here. The paperhouse enjoys playing games with the mind of the viewer, it is very involved in your own sense of reasoning. Immediately after the story was published, I was fascinated again and again, how the film was finally managed till the end, which kept a smile on my face and a tear in my eyes. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> He is able to create a oddly awkward atmosphere that is easily visible on the surface, but as a whole, it's a lot more than the sum of its parts. This is the young young Charlotte Burke, debuting his features, as well as a really impressed. Unfortunately, she does not graced the screen. Many eligible Barnet Central rewards seem to be suitable only for that performance. In the end the film was a bit taller here and there, but I could easily ignore it. I wanted to create a more powerful finish that made a bold turn that would prove to be more irrational and true writings in reflection. Such movies are still eligible for a book and yet no serious movie lover. It is a poetic journey that tells the innocent innocent eyes of the child, it is a powerful film which can be thought of and appreciated.
