The first gaelo feature of Emilio Miraglia, The Night Evelyn Cam of Out the Grave, Gioro and Gothic was a great combination of horror - and this second movie is even better! We have got more of this time on the Gaolo side of the equation, though Miraglia Gothic did not lose terrible styling, which made the previous movie so much delightful. Miriglia further emphasizes the details of the plot, and as a result, it is the common gaoloid sphere, the letters of each place and the red deer are thrown in a few minutes. This is a specific bonus for the movie, though it can sometimes be very confusing; There is considerable time for the audience's interest, and the story of Miraglia has improved from its previous movie. The plot is open with a fight scene with two little girls, their grandfather describes their story behind a fictional painting rather than their fortresses. This legend revolves around a woman called "Red Queen", who is a legend, returned from graves for centuries and killed seven people. After a few years, the murder began to start ... <br /> <br /> Although he has only made two gayas, he has his own respect in Miraglia. It is clear that color red is important for him, because it is widely featured in both films. And he seems to have something against women named 'Evelyn'. He likes the castle, the Gothic atmosphere and the stylish murder - which is fine by me! While spreading blood, Miraglia can not be Argentine, but he certainly will throw the top killer in his picture; And here we are a Voxgrain Beetle, and the death of an iron voyage that is involved in one of my favorite fairy geysals of all time. Cast women side amazing Barbara BUET and Mourina Malfatti are not afraid to take their dress with an amazing woman! Bruno Nicolaiare's score is fortunate and although Night Evelyn does not show much of the characteristics of the Cubar of the Out of Shackleligal Rocks; It fits the film well. The closing of the closing is a little bit, such as the Miriglia Gothic regenerates the atmosphere, though it is much more than a small explosion and the identity of the killer is very clear. But even though, it is a delightful recreational gaolos and one that I highly recommend continuous fans!
