In Hong Kong's second characteristic effort by the energy director of the Province of Kongan, and his previous film return on his film, there are obviously a lot of him, with more than one related affidavit (in this case) and related problems with problematic or troubling stories, as well as a strong dose of ridicule. <br /> <br /> One thing that has clearly diminished from its previous work is the flight of horoscope which includes elements of supernatural elements. However, this film is the only moment of the guest's hint that would otherwise hit the opposite image. Two stories follow a young girl who travels to Kangwan province with her friends, can find herself only to a stranger, the second person who travels to Kangwan province with her friend and fights her relationship. Again, Hong again shows a strong sense of rebellion and errors in human nature and I still do not think that when he expresses complete disagreement with his letters, he paints enough compassion to offset the criticism he draws with his mockery . I think that I love Hong Kong's film, it seems that they feel very real, especially complex and conflicting characters. Not every person is suffering from a hypocritical or delusional feeling, but instead these characters and actors appear present, completely elevated and not believable. <br /> <br /> This is not a fast moving movie. Like many links and previous movies, things are not immediately connected immediately, so patience stops paying and surprisingly. The film does not seem to contain any material that is not deliberately kept, and as soon as the film progresses, it makes me somewhat aware of the apparently extra characters. <Br /> <br /> Power is an excellent film that depicts personal emotions, remorse, desires in a story, as a result of human animosity and human decision-making. It is rather a difficult balance to keep and it is surprising that Hong directs to close it twice in the row. The first film and direction has been stabilized and has been gaining much better technical production standards have been acquired. This film does not pack the first one without the same mental wall, but its reassuring receives lot of research and the dimensions actually help firmly in the overall view. Great look for industrial movie lovers. 8/10.
