Holiday Pitch Hollywood's romantic comedy has several clichés: The relationship between the two common people, the secret secret that he has discovered, that he has discovered, inevitable breakup, and very public? Well, I will not go anymore, but I can get the picture. Despite its predictions, it works, especially if you love baseball, I'm not as emotional as Ben Wetman, although Saturday night live comedian Jimmy Fallon is a teacher at Boston School. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a novel by Nickel Gonzále and by Bobby Mandel, a senior screenplay author, Ben Living Boston Red Sox fan, whose uncle gave him season tickets at the age of seven and at that time he was stuck with all kinds of emotion. Life of Damage to its Relationship with Women Ben is not just a fan but a "fantasy" who touches Ford Meyers, Florida, for every Winter Red Sox spring training game and does not miss a home game in the regular season. His family is not included in the parents or siblings, but co-workers who join each and every playroom with him and his bedroom, they can visit a Red Sox Museum but not a sleeping place. <br /> <br /> Ben is not ready to do this when he is threatened with business advisor Lindsay Makes (Drew Barrymore), but he is likely to grow up. To meet her father or to go to Paris and to miss the Anaheim series, Baltimore will have to join the Yankee series instead. His relationship remains at the breaking point, because of his stop and thinking about his priorities, especially when a Pete-shaped Dr. Phil Bhanben asked him, "Do you love Red Sax, but do they ever love you?" Although the foundation of the fever pitch is that some things are more important than baseball (thoughts are lost), you will never know how to get them out of things. Of course, anyone familiar with the history of Boston Red Sox, this is a group that will break the hearts of the hardest of his body - but in 2004, Bambino's curse was over, and as Red Sox went to a new level, Ben could do the same thing. . Both lead performance are excellent and Farrelly Brothers even manage a fantastic total spots. Fever pitch will never be wrong for any art film, it's a delightful romp that will go down as one of my guilty pleasures. Go to Blue Jae!
