Clint Tollinger has come to her small town, to find the news of her married wife and her daughter, when she finds her, opportunities for any type of coordination are very thin. Here, Sheriff and important townspeople are learning about the fame of tolling as a pistol specialist city. Since they are living in fear of a mysterious landlord, who are separating them from bed, they have organized a meeting that chooses tolling toller from the city of its helpless elements. <br /> <br /> It looks like the gun is a forgotten piece or a visible scene, while writing it is written for more than 200 votes and 9 user comments. This is shameful for both scores because although production prices shout that it is a B movie Western, it is a fine entry in Western style. That piece takes place on a rather ideal plot theme in a harangued town turning towards a shifting dark angel, probably has not been favoring the film for years, I read the synopsis manually and thought the other similar pictures just in the same lines. Yet, I was amazed at the surprise and amazed that a profoundly dramatic picture of both technically and an effective story is both enjoyable. <br /> <br /> In the leadership of Robert Mitchell Tollinger, throwing completely, he has some boring dangers like photos. We often talk about John Wayne and Charlton Hesnn about the presence of the screen. [Enough Creator], Mitchell is fine with the best of them. A sequence here shows that during a meeting, seeing him in the shadows behind the room, we can not see his face, but we can remember that the inside is looking at us! Other types of castings in the Mystom shade are also much higher, so in reality it is with big people that the performance credentials are higher, it is not unjust to be able to kick Tech de Corsica, but minor failures of The song with the song are with his villains, and sadly any kind of de Corsia There is a lack of villainesque hazard. The scores are excellently leveled from the North. [Spartacus fans will surely tear their ears] and Lee Garce's cinematography is extremely impressive, when someone realizes that this movie is shot in most of the studios. Directed and directed for the first time, Richard Wilson, directed by Man with the Music, and co-authors have some surprises for the genre, but it is tone, violent and, above all, very visible. 7.5 / 10
