Documentation of a document. A way to keep the river on your right: a modern canned story. This image follows anthropologist Tobias Schnebebam, who, as a partner field researcher at the end of the 70's, traveled in western Papua and then in Peru for the first time 40 years ago. Tobias is a complete physical character: A gay Jewish artist anthropologist who performs livelihood in the cruise ship, he teaches glorious tourists about the culture that he has deep reverence and intelligence for. In West Papua and the cannibalist in Peru, writers of several books to document his time with Amazonian people, Tobias was scared by what happened in his case and how close his relationship and relations were. Nevertheless, the strange wonders and perceptions of Tobias's place that he found is appreciable and the real satisfaction is to see. Nobody can only expect to achieve such humility and keep yourself occupied. <br /> <br /> Tobyas has created a compulsory issue for studying due to its immersion in these tribal societies, which fundamentally changed her. This image challenges the concept of morality and "naturalism" - eg. Nudity, Homosexuality, Cancerism (See graphic Su gladness for the scene). The question is asked why he was involved in some local practices which others would morally deny, his non-judicial nature questions: "Why not?" Who is right or wrong to say the path to other cultures? This small slipper is not only for the national geographic type, but also to be interested in the documentary making industry. This image shows what can be shot in video. The edit reveals a quiet expression of Tobias's life that shows you charm. Occasionally, he becomes frustrated to start the journey slowly by the film crew, especially considering his age and physical weakness. We can be grateful that Tobias allows the table to be set on himself, perhaps sympathetic to humanity and the desire to understand one of the world's places. The filmmaker gives a few moments of critical balance, for example an anthropologist who believes Tobias has predicted his outcomes (in this case, homosexuality) on the basis of his personal interest. Who said, you can not determine when to be frustrated and when this person will have to take it to sleep. The river moved over the queen, the best river ride I was taking at this time.
