We will not be wary if the 1973 Saifee Grant Solitent Green around the world, we are careful. In 2022, New York City topped the 40 million mark in the population, it is a worldwide Population, air pollution, year-long heat waves and lack of food are rules. The only hope comes from a food product called Swant Green. But what is really made of this special food ingredient? Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make room! Make room!" Based on this question is heartwarming somewhat still interesting pictures. Charlotte Heston Thorny, a nypd detective who is facing a major corporate executive (Joseph Cotten) murdered. As it turns out, the manager of Cotten Soylent Corporation was on the board of directors, who are responsible for people who are responsible for all food ingredients instead of real food. Hesson believes that this is not just a garden-based murder, because for one reason Kartane has been closed. He got a lot of help from his little cantaskasar but very intense "book" (Edward G. Robinson, his 101st and final cinematic), and some timely reminder of what the world was like. What Robinson finds out about the Sultan Green; beyond him all the imagination; But before he can tell all that Hesson knows, he has himself euthanized. And when Haston found the secret of the true Swant Green ... Well, that part has become immortal in the history of the film. <br /> <br /> Under the very handy director of director Richard Fleischer (Boston Strangler; Fantastic Voice), Solvent Green is a glorious but careless aspect that the dystopian looks at the future that humanity may be alive if we accept the natural resources of our planet Do not control our tendency to do so. In fact, it was a project that Hesson had thought of for filming in 1968, he embraced the science of apps with the gold of science - it really was when his highly conservative political philosophy came in conversation (after all, a tract for Solitent Green, too unknown capitalism). Robinson, as always, is the consummate professional among his last roles; The sequence where she euthanized (she shows the world video from a good era, Taichowski, Bitoven, and Grieg Music Set) is quite simply heartbreaking. Chuck Connors (as heavy as believable heavily), Brock Peters (as Hesson's superior) and Leg Taylor-Young help her in strong support, like a woman trying to help Hesson. <br /> <br /> Removal of the solvent green for the dated date will be easy to remember. But who should think twice to do it; If we do not see what we see today for the world of this photo, then we can become reality.
