I discovered this film after reading the inspired book. This is not a strictly biographical film; It is "short based" on the facts. But I found it a compulsory and eerie search of evil and madness, and Michael Serrault Dr. Petiot gives an unforgettable performance as well. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable pictures in this movie; Pittuit travels through a night as a vampire, behind her black-colored dress, almost symbolic. There are several touchs of expressionism - Leading steps have been lifted from the Petit's skeletal silhouette cellar, where the delicate residues of his victims are waiting, reminding me of some scenes of 'Nasefertur'. <br /> <br /> But I find that the initial appeal to this movie is comfortable. Soundtrack starts with unexpected sound foreboding music, is loaded with unexpected sounds, along with soundless shout Pittite lives and runs her medical practice in complexity with many small shops and chasing them on the knees and continuously chasing and playing a fairy tune. There are also animal crystals - the shrine keeps a goat, the invisible crawling of the cat - and later we see that the untimely cattle are being kept through pancreatic fever. The whole atmosphere is creating turmoil with violence and barbarity. <br /> <br /> The voice of the people is often heard, but the voices of the people are often heard - the shouts of the victims of the Gestapo, the screaming of the waitresses of the patients, keeping an eye on a listening device, after the war, their cells are kept in the same way as suspects. Even the activities of the movie are often arranged so that we can not hear the voices of the participants - when the stomach gets to see the reason we mix, we hear his singing, his voice echoes in the theater, before we see him. And when she appeared, she is often painted from behind, her voice calls her husband, whose voice calls in her conversation. Great Holes, and their owners, when absolutely seen, isolated voices are photographed from a distance, so we can not actually speak to them. This is a ghost story, and the voice of this Scratch - many of them stomach iot's future victims. <br /> <br /> Still Iot myself is often a voice; His scary laughter cried, behind the camera, commented behind him or someone in the air. In a way, he is as much a scary as he killed. He is always frantically busy, scurrying from appointment appointment, do not rest. But his activity is a machine - lifeless and irrational It is interesting that not only bewildered by the horror and fear of Paris; He is excited, enthusiastic, angry, disturbed, insulting, but not afraid, against the real man, he is attracted to his death. It is not surprising that he accompanied his mechanical innovation with a perpetual motion mechanic (the true story of the book - he claimed to invent many machines). He himself is a sort of perpetual motion machine. Throughout the film, the mechanical imagery, from the opening giant wheel of film, on the bicycle of Petit (referring to the word 'sharp steal' with his scanning wheel), he wanders to play music before he kills Victoria. Even with his victim his routine is mechanical - write a note to your wife, let you disguise before leaving, you need your vaccine, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like an oily machine, the routine is always the same, as the record is always the same. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The writer says that the perfection of his watch was so strong against the stomach iot during his trial. His system was smooth and functional as a Nazi concentration camp, and for this reason, this image has discovered a substitute for petite involvement with French Jistapo and occupied Nazis. Unfortunately, it does not work as part of the story, because it is very difficult to determine what is happening for the Petot associates or what is happening during their headquarters in the middle of the night. Body settled? Secret to stealing products? It's hard to say, and hard to believe; It's probably not going to be a freelancer like state petot. <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the duality of evil people; Petite is a robber and a murderer, but he is a foster father and husband. Just as we learned that Hitler loved the dog, and the Nazis who were guilty of the worst war crimes, he loved the father and the family, so we can admit that the stomach iot can do vague terrible things and still work naturally. His madness spreads easily through the fury and fear of Paris's wartime situation; When there is murder, robbery and disappearance, it is happening around, nobody pays Petite to throw the dead body on the body.
