There is an episode of The Simpsons, a playful news report that mentions a military training base as a "Kilbot factory". The comment here is only part of a poisonous comedy, but what shows us the documentary of Patricia Foulcrod, clearly, that it is not far from the truth. After World War II, the US military decided to deal with the problems encountered during the war; Many soldiers who came in the war and were completely unable to kill other people until they were subject to 'mine or their'. Since then, the training process of the US Army is to eliminate all moral rebellions and transform into militants filled into machines, who do not think of people like warriors. One among them develops the most irrelevant state: "The durable desire to kill". <br /> <br /> First, it is not such an anti movie. Although it certainly portrays war in a very bad light, Folcrud focuses on an aspect which gets no media attention, such as debate over the legitimacy of war or its physical success or failure; The process of bending a man into a soldier influences a person like a man. For training to be a soldier for the protection of society, it is a rebel that completely disqualifies herself from being part of society and when most examples and interviews are in conflict with the present Middle East, then the Folcrodes create links to past conflicts, especially Vietnam, painfully clear. This is not about a specific war, it is a matter of problems caused by ordinary war. <br /> <br /> The film seems structurally divided into three parts; How to be employed in the army and to be trained, how they behave once in the war, and what happens if they leave the army. Once reaching this point, we realize that the main goal of this movie is to actually establish the principles of internal policy in the Armed Forces, the principles of making the soldiers into an influential battle force, but to remove all humanity from the people. Those interviews say to the camera, how the recruitment process seems so clear and easy, how the term "democracy" and "freedom" are tied around, but after training starts they become "enemies" and "kill" and "destroy". How once the workers do not take care of the soldiers who do not order to do any work, because they are involved in the idea that as soon as they obey any order, whatever they do, one step ahead of their home. There is no political or social ideology to fight for them, but they fight and fight for war. <br /> <br /> But the main purpose of Ground Truth is to strengthen the way the US military takes away their path. They fought for their country once they returned to the country. There is no real rehabilitation arrangement for the soldiers to return, and many who are unable to cope with what they are seeing and accomplished are forced to accept and most policies should be kept in mind that there is no legal responsibility for them mentally. Take the soldiers. This is the final absurdity, that once they are used, they are cast away. <br /> <br /> If there is a flaw in the film then the Folcroad does not try to show the other side of the argument. Every soldier you went to the war will return to the post with trammatic stress syndrome. Will it be an interesting look ?? Less liberal fertility trains them how the army manages the training and policy. <br/> <br /> But in addition to this, it is fully used in documentary and folkcoda stock footage and used in music. While discussing the collapse of the war, a part of the war is often accepted.
