I just rented this movie because Rosario Dawson was in it. I was sitting to see it with my friend and in 6 minutes we were covered in our seats. That's not because of any intensity in 6 minutes, because it was a real movie. No Hollywood bs, no explosions, no corny one liners; Movies. It gradually paints you a painful, reeling you towards the fate of people. Some people think that they enjoy the film but they are sadly mistaken. They like movies; Entertainment alone is a great way to relax. Michael Bay's Transformers and these are just like these audiences are produced for. People do not have to worry, only watch and slowly we can be convinced to dissolve your brain. For purchasing our products, we will place ads throughout the film. And do not forget the explosion, we all love to explode. Here we create differences, the industry may be entertaining, but it's thought provoking and runs you in hidden ways. Entertainment is rarely artful and even then deliberately. Movie entertainment Dynasty is a movie. The film is art. <br /> <br /> If you still have souls in the walking equipment of the flesh, then this rape scene is "irreversible" as every bit powerful. The difference here is "irreversible" in the scene of a violent rape where two people were involved, whose unfortunate mistake and went to hell. About the date of "genital" rape. No less hateful No less depraved. A little different. In violation of this belief, about scars that impurity of soul and deep runs. The character "Maya" had the consent It has a hot sex scene. But she was frustrated to run away, the scene is sick. "Jared" is a sick and manipulute serial rapist, and it is totally uncertain because it is very similar to a passionate love related. How can "Maya" ever be ever closer to her even when her "Jared's" sticky lover face the boy at the rape? He's destroyed. <br /> <br /> The whole picture is beautiful. Cameras work and light sometimes move around and concentrate on "Maya" and his inner silent internal activities. All these are done by Rosario with facial expression and gesture. The soundtrack was nice, everything was a blend. Synchronizing the aspects of these films work together in my special favorite scene; The "Maya" of the sea body of the casual body, something inside her awakening, becoming aware, all the beautiful toxic Jeff Bucket tune sets. <br /> <br /> I do not think I've really ruined anything here but I'm off before I The bottom line, I think it's the best movie of 2007, hand down. Unfortunately, nowadays everyone is awake that if you do not hack and do not rape, do not rape or waste anything then people can not be disturbed. Death is not a bad thing for you. This is the only last thing that will happen in existence. The worst thing is that you do not leave. They are always on your thoughts. When you shower; When you brush your teeth; When you buy a Christmas gift, you make your shoes tie; They Hunt You As long as the last thing releases you, they bother you. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Challenge yourself See this picture.
