Georgi Daniela, Gauri (1969), a classic Georgian film by Akker.com, based on the novel "Man Chakra Benjamin", written by Claude Tillier (1801-1844), a French author, in the non-literate 18th country. Centuries France The Great French Revolution is still ahead, but there are some storm signs in the society. Benjamin, a local doctor, is a spirit of a local community, educated, friendly, democratic who often feels free to the poor. It makes it very popular with the locals but of course it does not support its bank account. She is in love with a beautiful mentor who is crazy about her but also closely watched her father who called her daughter "her small capital" and is determined to protect her virginity until the marriage is signed. I have never read the book, and since the description seems like a very nice French novel, I am fascinated with the results of moving from 18th-century France to Georgia and Grussia and the removal of some of the plot elements. I thought that Danylia came up with such colorful memoirs, who felt much more at home in Georgia-Grütia, the role of long and wonderful heritage, including artwork and alcoholism, mixing rare musical genius Georgians, very unique humor, and respect Looks like high code. Last night when I watched this movie together with my husband, he said, is a great example of an art film, and I agree with him. Grieve is a perfect art movie, apparently beautiful, deep but interesting, sometimes sad and philosophical but sometimes proudly promoted but not optimistic, celebrating life with all its beauty and sadness, with interest, loving rebellion and little to understand Bright but very human characters. The most important thing is that the film is warm and mild, as part of the Art Gallery it does not look at the audience. The young doctor of love Benjamin (to act in the first movie with the first actor and actor Witching Kikdebased in the famous Dailya movie), to love it, to live with it, to laugh and laugh, you do not have to be free from the movie. Danilia will go to make her two favorite films, including Mimino, all my darling, on her journey through the streets and mountains of Georgia). Or a friend to be a guest guest where friends gather to celebrate the life of the old doctor Levan, who wanted to be a guest in his own world, his friends are still alive to listen to him while he is dead, and he likes to cuddle any color Gets to choose. When I watched the movie, I thought it was a film that Federico Fellini probably liked. I am not surprised to find an article about Danilia, where she named her number director Fellini. I have also found that the famous Soviet director, Leonid Gaadi (the creator of a favorite pastime) and Sergei Parajhnabhov (this dreamer who I liked the movie of another Danilir, can not tell the fairy tale about the American boy Hawk Finn) Sovisim Prophesies feel and feel negative Do not say, although Fallini praised him. I dare to move a bit and guess that maybe Messro Fellini did not remember some pictures and remembering too much urine and making the atmosphere immortalized in 1973. Just a thought, because there are some essentials for connecting both movies. Both artists come back to their roots, where they love deeply, want to remember, love and respect them. Both the movies have many smiles through tears. Both artists are filming that will reach the heart of the audience. Both are masterworks. <br /> <br /> I think I'm going to add Georgie Danelia to my favorite director list. He made my favorite favorite dramatic images, even fun and bitter sweet, mad and fine, clay and lifting, gentle and bright. When I saw the list of written / directed films, he was surprised that in 1960, he did not make single bad movie in 1960 with a short story, Sirojahah Award winner. Many of the movies in Danilan are among my favorites, I am sure they are among their fans. The person behind Siriusja Pravechia (1972), who is pursuing the 33th expedition of Hucklebaby Finn's Mark Twain, O Shagayu Po Mokavov (1964) Uskana is walking on the streets of Moscow, do not grieve U Gargi (1969), Afonya (1975), Mimino ( 1977), Oseni Marafon (1979) Ur Automann Marathon or Saad Kamdy, for this film, and Daeniyya is fully dressed for the whole genre and the title is 20 years old Daja favorite year-over-daja (1986), bright and unforgettable moments of happiness for a movie worthy of our true love and true gratitude.
