Alan Curtis with his wife loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly Loud, and wait for his wife to return to the dead and the police, led by Thomas Gomez. His albeit tried to prove that he was with the mysterious lady because he can think of everything (Tobes, Alice Cook), he claims that no such person was ever there. She ended up with no alibi, though her secretary (who secretly loved him) came to believe in him Raines. Accused after a trial, he is waiting for his execution. After the rain really came out, discovering that Gomez had his own doubts. He also found a friend of Curtis, Frent Tone, who was apparently on the crime night outside the city. Will he spend time cleaning? Phantom Lady is based on the novel of William Irish (great Noor author Colonel Olurich). Fans of the film tell about the other works of Olkhir (Leopard Man, the Nightmare, thousands of people, Rear Window, none of his own) None can capture the truth of the page anywhere. The missing wife of a salesman can not really be objectionable, sending the messages she has reached, if she still has her jewels. Can the mentality really be able to predict the tragedy - or is he planning to kill his old partner, now the oil millionaire? A leopard killed young women, or did some godly knowledge in the town actually recluse the hidden wealth? Is a young woman claiming to be the wife of a brother who is actually an excitement of the train's debris? Trying to prove rain and gomes here, Curtis has seen that no woman can see - and if she sees her, then why can not anyone else see her? The story is actually given to Curtis's personality problem - it is very easy for him to commit the crime. Indeed, those innocent people will scream at the moment of execution. However, it has happened to other people in different movies to protect Curtis's fall: Gary Cooper, Mr. The bodies roamed, Douglas is so annoyed with Dumril and his little distraction to become confusing and crazy that he would cry out to those people who depend on his help, fear the court's verdict and not save himself for his own missile until he is resurrected. His ideas of responsibility. But Curtis just seems to give up. If not, rain, gomes, and curtis in normal circumstances would not be the other one. <br /> <br /> But the film survives this weakness. Due to the gradual embarrassment of the guilty killers of genuine killers, the two pieces are fragmented, which is a thinner higher platform and Alice Cook's jazz session. Gomez turns out to be more understandable than Villen again to check his Alibi re-examination. Until the last minute of the film, Wilne was directed to go a little further in Renes and Gomes. Whether it is a dual sensuality or postman, there are not always two films, or Maltes Falcon, it remains very well until the end of the meeting with Curtis and Rain.
