This silent era can not be one of the best memorable movies, but it is an extraordinary mystery plot, general silent environment, and some good performance features from less known cast members. Inspired by the mystery / horror classic 'The Spirit Searkes', talented director Robert Seyedmac directed the film more than two years ago, and created a dark and brooding atmosphere as well as a real flash to create a plot that fascinates both the plot and the audience. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; A man does not like him to marry a woman. One night he takes a big hat in a big hat, and two funny agree on a 'no strings attached' night. However, he sent his officer back home to find a house repaired by police officers and wanted to know quickly that his wife was locked in his neck! He was surprised to see that he could not remember anyone who saw him with the mysterious woman, and naturally the jury sent him to kill his wife. Thankfully, her beautiful lady activist gets this case ... <br /> <br /> This plot is going on well and not like many well known Norwegian, some of them are murders that make the proceedings. More interesting In fact, if it was made in thirty years and was shot in black and white, then I would not swear an Italian Giallo named Vantam Lady! Allan Curtis provides a good screenplay with unfortunate victims, central characters are quite attractive and effective for women's random detective. However, the film's actual standout franchise tone, which gives memorable performance as a piece of insane villains. The film also has the backing of supporting actor Oscar Cook Jr., who plays drums of the most memorable segment of the film. If I had criticized this film, then I would say that the murderer's identity has been published very quickly - even though the Phantom Lady is getting some credits in front of the way in front of him. The conclusion is satisfying and makes sense to everyone (which is amazing considering the unlikely plot line) and overall, the Phantom Lady must surely make the greatest and least visible noirs ever!
