The goal of a James Bond game is to estimate the player to fill a final fantasy: Take action in the shoes of Agent 007. "RRWL" comes closer to this goal than any other game because at this time you control genuine James bond. Pierre Brosnan has no crime, who has created a fantastic bond and lends the term "Ion" and loan for vowel, but Shawn Connery was the original James Bond, and there would be no person who came near his cold level. <br /> <br /> I will say at the moment, like many who review this game, the 70-year-old Shan does not fit the 30-year-old film on the screen, and something is used for it, but it is certainly worth it. He again traded "Bond? James Bond" and "Shaken, not excited" again a big deal. But while controlling Sir Sian, he managed the bad company known as Octopus, such as Bond, "Octopussy", "Only Tent Tip". The glorious opening gun of the game begins with barrels. It's the original gun barrels from the movie. Then you go to the first mission, the Prime Minister's hottie rescues the blonde daughter from the terrorists in Parliament and everything from the car to the dress is completely reversed. The real world of the game is in the original James Bond world, the classic rock-n-roll presentation of the James Bond theme, which is finally played at the last moment of the game, because bonds enter the secret factory. <br /> <br /> Following the launch of the game, the plot has faithfully followed the plot of the film "FRWL". James Bond has been sent to Turkey to recover a lacquer device from the Russian cipher clerk who claims to have a crush on him. Turkey, up the bond with the bond loving sidekick Carim B. The bond will recover the device, save the girl in distress and return to London safely. Bond screenwriter Bruce Furstin has worked on this script, and he did a good job to create this game but the movie is different. The characters of the film are all made well but some are better than others. Rupa Kleb and Red Grant The false proponents of the false fans are extraordinary. And at the very beginning of the game there is a moment where you talk to Miss Mpapane, M and the questions, who watched and watched the original Shaun Connie 007 movies. <br /> <br /> What is the mile of this game, in front of other Sense's voice and other bond games, there are two important features of the game. One is the bond focus. You can lock the villains with just one button and kill them with others, but pushing the additional buttons will zoom you closer to the target and select between the vibrations, such as a grenade will be attached. A resident of the belt that will send an enemy and his friend or a rappel cord will be submerged in his death. Other notable features are the Chau and Melie kills. When you are in an adequate range, just hit a button to kill the enemy with raw materials appearing in Shane Connery's James Bond. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> You have only a few gadgets, but they are better ones. Q-Copter is a remote control helicopter that can not reach the bonds like Q-Spider in "EON", which can be customized and explored. The classic laser clock is not useful, but only for sealed rooms, but you have no other weapons when sending the enemy. Sony cough links and play with almost a seram gun is the most fun, but you must have their experience for yourself. As well as gadgets, you could wear dresses in clothing with a variety of reverse clothing clothes, including the gray suit of the dress, the Stochy Black Tuxedo, the Retro Style suit, and the classic White Tixodo, which they did exactly when they wore them in Sir Sun movies. When you drive in this game, you run Aston Martin DB5 directly from "Goldfinger". It can not be invisible, but it has a gadget for popping tires like film. And when you are not flying on the "Goldgare" car in Istanbul, you can fly to the winds of "Thunderball" jet pack. <br /> <br /> Then there is a multi player. Of course, it should be compared to the standard of "Goldeneye", and it fails. Also, you can play Bond Villains instead of Bond or other heroes of the game. But multi-player is fun, and due to the uniqueity of single-player campaign, a decent bonus play makes the game playable. There are other errors in the basic game. In the most exciting moments of the film, especially in Gypsy Camp Shootout, Orient Express Red Grant, bond cats and collisions between bonds and bonda shoes of Rosa Kleb, justice is not done in the game form. And even a difficult game in the game, even harder difficulties. But overall, this game is by far the best James Bond experience.
