It is a classic composition of Frank Losses, a strong composition by the adaptation of the Damon Runyon material from the Best Music, Suitable Themes and Musical "Books". What is amazing about the film, the musical numbers flow from the story. Abe wrote the book on the contribution of Lebasar; Michael Kidd was a dancer and Joseph Wright's outstanding industry contributed. The storyline can be called two sentences. Nathan Detroit, directed by Frank Sinatra, needs cash for his permanent floating craft game money to impress Chicago Mob Boss's Big Julie. He beat the strange player Sky Mesterson, presented well by Marlon Brando, he can not get a Salvation Army girl to go to Havana with him; Masterson won the bit, saved the mission, loved the girl, confiscated gambling players and refaffe to attend the service, and everyone regarded Lady as indispensable for her character - complete lies Of course he ended up with the lady; And Detroit High Language Fianci, married Vivian Blain. Cast Caste Stubby Kaya, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. As the great Julie, Molester, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Tomi, Mary Allan Koksen, Katherine Givene Salvation Army leader, Ved En Square and Secret Savior Army girl Sarah Brown as Gene Simmons. The famous musical numbers of the award winning Broadway include "Fino for Tinhorns", "Guy and Dallas", "Luck Bay of a Lady", "I Know", "A person can develop a cold", and "The New York The oldest established Permnet Floating Crap Game! ". "Cleopatra" Joseph L. Manukuchik and the "Three Wives Letter" operated the proceedings; And keep the flow of work very interesting and successfully moving. He played a good conversation and created "Lucky Bee Lady", a variety of challenging and challenging big sections, similar to Havana's "Love of a Woman" section, in order to manage this huge number equally rich and prepared for the movie created before the title presentation. The song "Guy and Dallas" and "Pete Me, Pappa" set where Blen works. The acting is very uneven. Occasionally the simmons seem to be wrong, Brando enjoys singing and jokes, even better during the instinct, elegance and complexes. View Sinatra tried hard, but due to various reasons as Nathan Detroit, the role is wrong. Blen is a bit more dramatic to sell his numbers, which he sings professionally. Leonard, Tomi, Kaya, Keith and Puli are all asked about. Stylized opening and closing is done well; Above all, this film is justifiable for the tragic and exquisite lyrics of Lossar, for the director Manquiquix as a ringmaster and for the musical style, this example is justifiable. Delightful and very different.
