I'm intrigued by the strong feeling of bias towards Sinatra (or sympathy!) In other reviews here. I have read somewhere else that Sinatra has never been forgiven by someone not being thrown out as Sky Masters. <br /> <br /> Well, who does not want to throw as a Sky Masters? ?? This is a great part: a charismatic successful Jwala who makes himself a serious mistake when he can bet on himself, in which he must defeat Cuban's date or Cerebration Army Sergeant Sarah Brown. Is not it money ?? It's pride, but he and his match meets. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit will force her long-suffering drunk Adele to try to find a spot for a crossover game that will enrich her because she does not disconnect her wealth forever. <br /> <br /> This picture started life by a series of short stories by Damon Ryan: this is his unique conversation that you have heard and this is the name of his great character and its horse-racing / nightclub / late night gambling world. Then it is a musical instrument, and you can not help but feel that the form of the film does not really leave the stage. Camera abnormal static and set significantly ?? And not joyfully ?? Flat and childlike Fortunately the music is so big, I do not care too much about it. My best favorite thing about this movie is singing and two non-singers, actress Brando (as Sky) and Jean Simmons (Sergeant Sarah Brown). Of course, putting pro singers into this role will produce good music; But it can be forgotten that two excellent actors have brought something else to the party instead: Glasso, acting ability, and pato, deviation, they do not reduce the vocal talent for deviation. Because he argues against Sir's argument, stability, pipe and security he is with the sky. You enjoy Sarah's location under the influence of "milk" in Cuba. With fingers, they feel the suddenness and emotions of the scene in the sky and the plane can go for an hour before they take them. Sky correctly says, it's "chemistry". Pro singer ?? Will they be broadway belters or smooth crooners ?? Not necessarily can be relied upon to happen this. (And of course they did it.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra because he did not play the role of Nathan Detroit himself. Senate was rather angry with Brando's four acting methods. As a Brando fan (this shows?!) I'm forced to go elsewhere, but I can not imagine that this movie was a very classic, if Brando and Simmons do not have it today with their wonderful chemistry; Brando's unpredictability; Simmons face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, a Cuban Bar drunk and ashamed. Beautiful A copy of this film would be almost false if I always needed to be good again. If you stop 100% of the brush while giving some parts of Nathan (sleep) you will forgive me, do not you? Will not you Oh, calm down and give Mindy's pinker something!
