I remember watching the Disney edition and watching it now I think it's missing some magic touch. Lots of other presentations, sometimes after the siren, Cinderella, in fact, have lost their touch throughout the year. Then I saw this production as a bad midwife with Kathleen Turner and disappeared by the fantasy serials of this fabulous story, which made me from childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl whose father had died and was influenced by her wicked husband-mother and nipples daughters and wanted to go to the ball for a last chance of independence. But this plot line takes a different turn in the classic fairy tale by Cinderella (whose real name is Gijola and his bondage is called Cinderella by his family) to get trapped between his father (who is still alive). Slowly defeats a lively wife who tries to poison her by applying her to play with her wives and midwives. In this way, Gisola prevented her husband from saving her father and said, confused the person who came in his way. There, the indifferent Prince Valiant changed his heart from his dull life and fell in love with pink petals for the slippers, the mysterious lady of strange clothes (made by a pirate named Mab). <br /> <br /> What has attracted me to this movie is all compared to old fairy tales, which can not be compared. It does not make a web of falsehood much like the Cinderella story, it does not ignore any reason, Cinderella wants to appear on the ball, and it does not show a shallow direction to the Prince as the Disney version. Instead, it shows Cinderella the uninterrupted heart more than any other production, and the artwork is simply stunning! All of the costumes are beautifully made, especially in Gijolla's sapphire blue ballagon Marcela Pluncet's fantastic looks and soft, soul-like voice match. <br /> <br /> I would highly recommend this film to anyone who is interested in a dream of a classic fairy tale with a twist in the series. My only problem is that the producer and director are in complete collection of other fairytail with this same material and this film is no longer out of print.
