See the scene: A mountainous surrounding landscape. Twin moon blood brightens the red sky. Tired of the land, and out of the doctors, a middle-aged man in a Victorian frock coat, and Rose, his companion to the earth. Recognition a flicker cross his face. "Well, I'm never 7 of his solar planet, where I fought with war criminals, and they tried to use huge skins to accept the planet." Girl sniffs the wind "We can not go, doctor, I do not like the look of this place, I think we are meeting." The doctor wags an insulting finger. "Do not be stupid, girl. I wonder if the queen of King and Cordababy remembers me from my last visit." She strides off, struggling to keep the girl. High, hazardous red eyes on a mountain consider them with hatred ... <br /> <br /> How does 'Rose' start in 2005, and thanks to the sky for that. The main UK broadcast, 'Rose' can now be safely considered as a landmark episode, where it returned 'Www', where it was one of the BBC's main programs. MacGen learned the mistakes of TVV movie. Rather than trying to succumb to the new 'A' in the existing Chronicle, the shop girl Rose Tyler (Billy Piper) introduced her new routine for the series, starting with her daily routine. One day he went to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the problem started. Mannequins come to life and his attack. It is only preserved through the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston). <br /> <br /> The story may be slightly, enough as a starting point for the series. Autons, of course, are an old villain (it was their first appearance since 1971), but their past attendance is not any reference - another move step. Finance effectively recreated the famous scene in 'Space to Spirahhead' when the window sprang the life of dummies. As a doctor, Christopher Exststen felt a lack of barbarity of his predecessors, who liked modern leather jackets in the traditional clothes of the doctor, but it became more accessible to the show new viewers. Billy Piper made a big impression as 'resin' and confused his critics. Nobel Clarke was also good as his boyfriend 'Mickey'. <br /> <br /> Yes, special emphasis was emphasized on special effects, but still there was a need to stay there - there is no space for stray hobbies and unknown monsters on the 21st Century Television. What's more important is this is a good script. Ten million people are dragging to see new doctors. <br /> <br /> 'Dr. K' came back - and went back with the lips!
