As a part of the British pop culture as Monty Python and James Bond, the doctor who received widespread injuries for 26 years (1963-1989), became one of the longest running TV shows in the world (most cereals are fortunate for ten seasons). The plan to reboot the series was always on the BBC agenda, and an unseen (not mentioned in the US) TV movie produced by Fox has failed to catch the original version, the other nine years (in spite of comic relief spoof and animated mini series) May come back, courtesy of acclaimed writer Russell T. Davis. <br /> <br /> The decision to do Davis's brightness for the character's reintegration is with the eye: Rose Tyler (Billy Piper), a London-based girl, who lives a normal life before being attacked by living plastic creatures . He was rescued by a miraculous newborn who simply presented himself as a doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappeared after answering: "It's good to see you, Rose. Run for your life!". He became more interested in this "man", he soon found himself in a completely new world: Alien, attack, time and space and of course the public police box-shaped TARDIS traveled everywhere. <br /> <br> The first 45 minutes of a new doctor who is perfect (special effects may use a little more polishing), because Davis nails two things: the unique humor of the show and two satellites. The most respected feature of the original series was a blend of spectacular scientist and pure British comedy, it is a difficult hybrid, if not impossible, for export. The smiles here are associated with the conversation between the Doctor and the Doctor, which just stops as a full-round letter after just one episode. Well, technically, Existon's technician is not ninth to use that name, but he has kept himself away from talking to the north on the north (which he uses on a daily basis) and from the previous eight incarnations, and it is reasonable with a great line: "a lot Planet has an answer! ". <br /> <br /> The real victory of this episode Piper's performance: According to the theory, at the age of his late teens, so thousands of young people from the same old age who never heard of the doctor before. Her screenplay of the lost, ordinary girl of a new, thrilling universe represents the new generation reaction of a TV icon, and the chemistry that immediately formed between her and Exclamation is the new doctor, that indicates that it is just as good. , Fifth, ninth, it does not make any difference: maybe alestaneen (and piper for matter) There may be others, but he is together, William hartela, Peter Davison, and the rest of the bunch in a single character, one so cool he does not even need a name: The Doctor.
