Paris, JIT, is a city-based symmetrical tribute and love city, a movie so complex that it is reviewed almost briefly and reviewed. Ask a group of people in Paris for their feelings and the result will be something like this movie. Being integrated by the combination of each sector or city, the film examines in every kind of love, interacting with local people and tourists with a great city in their Parisian system. Almost twenty writers and directors, including five-minute screen time, Olivier Assayas, Coen Brothers, Sylvain Cotet, Isabel Coexate, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuoron, Gerard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincentjo Nataly, Alexander Penn, Walter Salays, Nobuhiro Suwa, and Gus Van Sant is less well known among others. Stories changed from sunny, ridiculous, touching, sad, inactive, tender <br /> <br /> In a story, a young French (Gaspard Ullil) is attracted to a young lithographer (Elias McConnell), who calls her heart in French only for a boy who speaks in English. On the other hand, different couples and couples (Guyna Rovers and Ben Gazara) met in the Latin Quarter to finalize divorce, and Parre-Lachaye (Emily Montemar and Rufus Selel) married without marrying a couple. Steve Bussesmie in Tuileri Bastille Sergio Cassilito (in love with Lion Watling), with a bag of tourists collection bags, faced with the prejudice of superstition. He is ready to divorce his wife, Miranda Richardson, until he is in his terminal leukemia, Juliet Binouch expresses regret about him. Place Monsau, Fanny Ardent and Bob Hoschin's 'Play Out' have shown a public story of wrong ideas in a wrong relationship, with the imagination and loss of the son of Place des Victores with the help of a mythical cowboy Will Defoe, Sarah Martins and Nick Nolt and Ludwigen Sagnier. Actress Natalie Portman plays a young blind man in front of actress Natalie Portman to learn how to look at the love of the vampire between Peguale, Melchior Baselon Faubourg Saint-Denis, Elias Wood, and Olga Corinello's Quartier de la Madeleine. The Magi Guilhenahl Dragon Quarter's Des Anfants Rujesse and Margo Martindale, a traveler's letter carrier who is trying hard to speak the French language studying for his life, a sincere sunny 14-cm arodissement trip. <br /> <br /> The final few minutes of the film tries to combine most of the story, but it only works on the top level. There are no longs in film and many stories, this is a factor which can disturb the audience because it's time to enrich all the work. But in the end it gives a great city a great deal of respect, and in Paris a number of vintage supplies to view scrapbook readers like Scrapbook. This is a film worth more than once! Grady Harp
