I met my 19-year-old daughter to see this interesting exercise in film making. I always find it interesting to find a different generation of opinions and opinions in the film, especially as I think myself proud. It's good to get humorous comments from a person who has not yet reached there "who is there, done" draws attention to each of his movies. I'm glad to say that we've both really enjoyed it and regarded it as successful mother / girl out in the evening. According to the public, is the brain's body better than "chick flick", what should I enjoy? <br /> <br /> The director of two-and-a-half was asked to create a short piece of each of the arbitrage in Paris, that I would not go to a city in 20 years. But my wish was They join the shots neutrally connected, and the world's culture represents the various cultures of the romantic capital as the city represents different ways of love. Better than others, compared to others, other critics have said that it is never too low in the kitchet. Some funny, some tragic, some curious and somewhat readily available (I'm still trying to detect some deep internal truths for the "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon" hairdressing salon.) Some interesting and probably should not have been allocated a lot (for example Vampires and tourists.) Probably my only criticism of the whole film, it's very good Paris It can be packed with cold, wet, foggy, indifferent, and unhappy, or in summer, hot and warm, with a lot of interesting tourists, which you can feel like a sardine that can spend hours looking at every attraction. But I'm picking night. <br /> <br /> My personal favorite, Coen Brothers, shot the film at Tuili Metro Station, and starred Steve Bussimiim as a distraught traveler, who weirdly quarreled with her boyfriend. Absolutely perfect, and very, very funny, is to say a word without Buscemi. I enjoyed sharing pieces of fun about two Mayam artists, which was probably the closest to the film - which was certainly spread on the edge of the valley, but it was right next to it. Inspired by a collision with Oscar Wilde's tomb, Rufus Selel and Emily Montimer kept me quite indifferent, and Juliet Binouch made me very uncomfortable trying to cope with the death of her little boy. I thought both Bob Hussein / Fannie Armement pieces, and Ben Gazra / Guyana Roovland had a little flat, but Maggie Gilnehal was good. (Did he come to the jockeys in the market? I saw Sheri Babi last week.) <br /> <br /> But I have felt two pieces of "social justice" (if it wants a better way of putting it), it works very well. That means, my first meaning is that the little mother has kept her child cared for in the daytime and cared for any other child in the city. And then the film about African immigrants, struggles to exist in the margins of an indifferent society, who died on the street in front of a young, new paramedic. Yet another murder statistics, which die in the struggle to reach thousands of immigrants around the world to try to see them as good lives every year. I think both pieces looked very well. <br /> <br /> Final film, 14th Arrondissement, among which Margo Martindale describes the story of his first trip to a postal worker in Colorado ?? French very badly accused ?? The French class of her school, moved me. A perfect finishing, if not a good, playful, quite a great movie. <br /> <br /> There was an ambitious idea in Paris Jesse'i, but it did a great job.
