The digital projection (35mm shot and the first film scanned in the first 6K, graduated in 4k and projected the project project with 2K projector in the ETC / USC theater in the HTC) saw it tonight at the seminar. It's a lot of technology content. It was given 5 minutes to create a love story with 18 directors (Alexander Paine, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Sales, and Gerard Depardieau, several well-French / international directors). They are familiar shapes (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Busemimi .. Most Sunny ..., Maggie Glillheinle, Nick Nolt, Gina Rowlands .. well ... and she really wrote the piece in, MS Depardieu and many other great international Actors. The stories have been discovered by Vanessa in all the romance to Spanish comedy from Alcán Pán in Spanish, and anything that can happen. In French, many conversations (with French subtitles) have a small amount of French conversations, though it will probably transfer to the Art Houses (a La Deva), only a part that is considered "experimental" but colorful. And one of the simplest studies of fun, as well as complicated relationships is easy to follow. (Unless " Experimental "does not stimulate your desire for a formulaic story. Many of them raise some emotions for me ... I admit that I am in love with the movie, influenced by .. When it is presented with something other than feeling I even smile in a wax, As I have seen, any other (thanks!) This image has been topped, for me, around halfway in the middle, then the last two sequences Has been lifted again. Although it may not be possible (though the main character of the shot / scene), some lovely shots of Paris on night, syllabic romantic type music, generally schmaltz generally for the words "passion", generally good cinematography, although not only some shots seem to be the soft focus. Pansing each movie was good and the overall structure was slightly higher (2 out of 20 films were released, but everyone in the DVD would say) to maintain a good balance, they began to change between film tones. Not sure when it comes to it, but good research on how to do the 5 minute film work. And sometimes, what does not work (if it takes a lot of time for a short time to mentally). When one is released, but they do not know when.
