I was lucky enough to have a screening for this beautifully expressive, enjoyable and thought provoking movie in Stockholm. Paris JJ becomes the most powerful weapon of love in Paris by falling in love with romance, and navigates eighteen in different "Quarteria" but excluding parisianas and succrine formulas. Undoubtedly, there is disappointment in the part of its Sonamin managers? Frustration on having 5-10 minutes of screen time ?? So you are only presented with the best and most assured aspect from each side. <br /> <br /> I am debating whether to review all 18 sections, I have come to the conclusion that it will be unnecessary and long-term. Instead of simply confirming that each director enjoys the film with their bright style and skill, and certainly you will find your choice. Although Gus Van Sant can not resist the temptation to be interconnected, one of LES Maris's best contributors, even a well-placed cart cobbler referendum is also sticky. The Coen brothers revive one of the more accessible parts in Paris, a scene with a muted but passionate transparent Steve Buscemi, Deadpone comics and cute camera angles that certainly make the most smile on my theater, and probably correctly. <br /> <br /> In this way, all the story lines are extremely unique ?? Filter by different manager minds ?? But the most devious person from the rest is Vincentjo Nataly's Quartier de la Madeleine, a dark horror-Gothic love starring Eliass Wood, who is lost in Paris's retreat in the night. In a black and white format but blood-red contrast that seems to bleed out of the screen vaguely, does it almost become a paste of Sina City? An otherwise fairly grounded film is a refreshing eerie and visual turn. Still my single favorite segment was by the Sombat-Denis Tom Tiecker, but I think I was forced to think that I went to the theater with him as his favorite and mocked my friend next to it "Finally, it My favorite director is here ". Still, it can not be denied that the delivering of a beautiful part of the tackle, where a blind boy picked up the phone and when he heard his girlfriend (Portman - not annoying), he interrupted him and he reflected his relationship. As Tywker's style, the story is dizzyingly fleeting, Kinetic and repetitive, screaming and running (Lola Rent) makes it the most Adrenaline-Pumping segment in Paris and probably the most powerful tool once Tywker started wielding her once? Music <br /> <br /> To fill out a negative account, do not explicitly handle all directors such as Tycars, Van Sant, Kohans, Coexate and Depardieu. In Sylven Chitty, a little boy reiterates the story of how he got together with his parents, which really created a disposable segment and scraped under the shield. They are two solo mimes. This part is French and wildly playful against you that it is humiliating to international viewers. Suwa also mourns the loss of his son who points out a poor and fluffy segment with an unusually-looking-looking Juliet Binoche. There is nothing more to do. Eventually, eventually 18 covers the story and the inbound looks a bit overwhelming and half-hearted. <br /> <br /> Paris J. Ta'iim really spoils you with quality, because all other stories are well-dressed with glossy and fun writing. It is certainly one of the highlights of 2006 (notably speaking) and it is essential to choose an individual personal film that is preferred by a favorite and least favorite. Highly "induced" (O) listener both recommend the mainstream. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
