Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I must admit that I've enjoyed the movies that I usually scoffed: "Quintet", if only to look at a big and beautiful Brigitte Fossas, who was unforgettable as a little girl in "banned games"; Lauren Bacall, Carroll Barnett, Alfred Woodard and Glenda Jackson "Holthah" for keeping the same cast; "Popeye", for that bright and spiritual world, Shelley Duval's Olive Oil and Wonderful Malta; "OC and Stiggs", for the proposal of an anti-"teen girls"; "Base Therapy", for all his dogs and the presence of the Genvivist page, which is a tristestite for his efforts to see Paris's chic ... I even enjoyed his one-acted TV movie, "The Doomer" and "Laundromat ". When there are not many plans for the development of his films, you have done outstanding performances by Barnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Kartin. I understand and enjoy different perspectives and descriptions of different cultures of the United States. It is very sad that his talent is rarely appreciated and he always forgets when it comes to American awards and rewards. He is not your ideal mainstream conveyor of imagination. She is more of a maverick. So I'm not surprised to find many bad comments posted about "The Zinger Bread Man", this is my most mainstream attempt date and my knowledge. I did not know that there were so many people who thought Leonard Maltin, who does not like Altman. In this case, a "gingerbread man" may dislike, but for me there is more to do with Grisham than the director-screenwriter. Some of Altman's trademarks are here: Revised Dialogue, Excellent Performance, General Sunny Receptionist and a Funeral Attorney's Office with Secretary Although some people find it annoying, I found the first impressive film, thanks to the great painting of Changwei Guay who shot "Red Sorgam", "Zhu Du" and "Farewell My Conkubin". He showed us a way to show the same thing on our other American movies, but under a light. Through its "overseas eye", almost everything seems new and different. In this first thing, things were so logical and true! Wait until you get older. If you fall under the spell as young and beautiful someone like Embeth Daviditza you may get in trouble. I know for myself that I am fascinated by someone younger than me! Then there is a boring, terrifying and mysterious character of Robert Duval, when the Geraldo storm threatens Savannah. Altman could be managed with a nap because it was a little mad and even funny, because the second law is. I remember to laugh loudly in several cases with his satiric remarks. I think he is implementing some of Brett, he has kept us away, has prepared us for the third task, which is Hollywood's passive. Altman does it efficiently. Fortunately to be a wise man and an intelligent director, he did not fall into the trap of today's action film. He was instructing a story of wish, greed and death. I was not very disappointed with the movie. If I'm nine instead of 10, then it will be because of Grisam. American reader has become a best-selling author for him. Then why the complaint? Maybe we would like to thank Altman for his story, neutrality, leveling and showing our ocean in their silhouette. However, he did it with so much importance and humor, but I could not agree with negative comments. For me, these people watched other movies ... and vice versa.
