Steven Spielberg wanted to make Oscar so bad that he would not win with the direction of special effects epic (he was nominated for three of them: "Third Mortgage", "Expedition of Lost Ark" and "ET: The Extra-Terrorical", so he " The Color Purple "decided to be very serious with the direction, without a special effect, a certain time movie Image: Spielberg's first serious drama is an extraordinary movie, but the Academy voters voted in 1985. Spielberg has not been awarded anymore. "The Colors Purple" won 11 Oscar nominations with the best picture, but as a well-known creator of Spellberg, If this picture is won, it becomes worse on Oscar night It was not perfect. "The Color Purple" will win an Oscar together for the first episode of the Hollywood movie of Holly Goldberg, who enjoys in the hands of a vague husband. (Then set by the awesome Danny Glover), then Sounds thanks to some special friends across the film. Oprah Winfrey also made her debut on film, and Sophia is one of Selior's best friends. Since I'm from Chicago, before that I knew from Winfrey, from his talk show (which did not go nationwide during the release of this film). Like a Goldberg, a movie debut! Margaret Everi is awesome as Shag Avery, another friend who is also owned by Selly's rotten husband. Here, three actresses have been nominated for their work (Goldberg for Best Actress; Winfrey and Everi for Best Supporting Actress). In the first half of the 20th century, "The Color Purple" set in the south is so powerful that it cries me to the end. It makes me smile very often. Academy voters were so good why not to be named Spieberg as the best director today, the mysterious mystery But Spibberg will eventually win two years after Oscar for "Shindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan", which makes him the best movie director ever. But he should have got nominated for this movie. Special effects on Blockbuster, he did "ET." A serious play like "The Purple of Color" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (four out)
