Will and Tede Bodaissas travel beyond an existing travel through the theme of death, religion, time, heaven and hell, man's quest for fame and beyond his graduation machine due to fear of body. It mentions the most intriguing work of fiction from Paradise Lost and many past works of art - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. During this time, Dude is a famous rock band who spent time collecting icons during the past - Napoleon, John of Arc (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They take the skills learned from each of them, kidnap some of the princesses, and finally learn to play their guitar and write hit songs. These songs again love the world and defeat war, hunger, evil forever for eternity. We are moving fast in the distant future where an evil dictator who wants to rule the world, who despises the good music called Satan-Gao-al. She got the power to eat Rooshus (the cool guy from the first film who helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and at the time to send two cyborgs. Cyborgs produce tissues on metal exoskeleton and coated in a mitigating sediment which makes them survive the turmoil of their time and they can imitate something that is bred by physical contact. Kill well Biff and Fred and make their life such terrible music that none of them can like. By doing this they will change the whole world forever - Grill and Z's music will never leave war, famine, and hatred, and more annoying, blood-laden pop music. Good people are really killed and they try to find a way to protect the world, themselves and their wives from the evil dopangangars living in their bodies. Penelope Spyhide shows that both youth culture and real culture mix modern sets and artistic references with modern day music and phrases and try to teach us all by delving our psychology to show us ourselves. He presented a nightmare that confronted the 80th youth of the society, which gave up the society and detained us for spreading structural zingogism, self love, and the laziness of that time. We believe that we can actually change the world, it is an inspirational message, but to achieve such dreams, we must travel around and face our nightmares. To overcome, to overcome death is really a realistic step to overcome death and not just living. Kenneth Reeves's words- 'Wow!' Best Scenes: For a fun game - See how many songs, bands and albums you can spot in the whole movie, covering cover references. There are at least 6.
