The best two signals of all time were released in 1991, 1991: Terminator 2: Judgment Day and Bail and Ted's Bogus Journey. Two out, I've always liked Billy and Ted's BOGUS journey a little better. Terminator 2: The Judgment Day has been made better, but there is nothing like Bill and Ted. In addition to Tomie Boa's Chris Farley and David Spade, it is difficult to think of more comedic pairs than Bill and Ted. They are one of a kind. <br /> <br /> Affected by National Lampoon's OC And Stiggs, Bill and Ted Ed Solomon and Chris Mathean, were created by two incredible gifted writers, who invented the two in the late 1980s while acting in a local theater in L.A. The two began to write a quick screenplay and before that Bill and Ted's extraordinary avicencer were born. The film was released in 1987 and released in 1989, it became a big box office success and became an instant classic classic. The job was not long before the start of the sequel. 'Steven Harek, director of the wonderful adventure, was not interested in working on Siegel because he was very interested in it and against Peter's debut, Peter Hewitt was brought directly to make his feature film debut. Consequence Could not have been a good director for the job. Billy and Ted's bagas journey is surprisingly well-managed. It does not match which can be met with its own unique style and energy. <br /> <br /> Which creates one of the best signals 'Bagas Jatra' which is darker than the original, but it's just fun. It does not change the letters like most sequels. Bill and Ted were the same loving characters which they were in the first film. Because it was written by the original authors. Most sigs are not written by the first authors as the first authors, but the 'bogus journey' after the same screenrunters it ends up as 'extraordinary avenure'. Just like the first, 'bagas journey' is absolutely sunny, well written, fun, and above all, original. It is filled with Alexander the Winter, Keanu Reeves and William Saddler's excellent special effects and excellent comedic performance. This is an unforgettable 'journey'. 10/10
