When I was 16 when my children suddenly dropped my time into existence, I reflected those days. The quick moments in this movie are accurate with what is going on in the mind and heart. Youth is the age of the teenager's age. Now at my age, I want to preach about their decision, and at that time life seems to be all the time as important. If they can tolerate their youth and suffer both hard times and internal difficulties, life will be so sweet But then again young people have to face some variables that I have never had to deal with the youth. <br /> <br /> Three actors (Kerry Wahington-Linisa, Ana Simpson-Joycelein and Melissa Martinez-María) starred in three main characters. A truly reliable image of young people living among our residents is in poor condition. In the family raised by single parents in the presence of Linsar's parents, they make the poor family alive, but they are not actively supporting it on that day. There is a lack of direct communication with poor education system and role model acquisition. These influences them in a dominant situation and their reality but these are not a big depression for these young women of their daily lives. They are concerned about young girls around the world, keeping an eye on their problems and the same issues. Finding a true love of a man, having a good friendship, on which you can depend, some respect / love from your parents and can take responsibility and enjoy life. This image has exceeded the race, age and gender gap determined by its characters and it has been stuck on the stumps. <br /> <br /> The director and author Mac explained about DVDs that how the scenes of each edge penetrated his head, young people of the same age who lived in this neighborhood. Plus you are three up and coming actresses who are not moved so far in their lives that you get a real good synergy of reality and its best performance. One thing I know (African Americans and Hispanics) is always a spiritual family member or neighbor who is in the future or near the land and despite the present situation believes in good life and future and the role modeling is in some quantities. It was not touched in the film for the promotion and I understood it, but it is narrowing culture that there is no other hope than myself. <br /> <br /> I think of my future and where I came from and like Linsa, I have a good day today. Yes poverty still exists, racism, sex, and any IM we can add. Yes, each of these young girls keeps the controls permanent and self-destructive, everything around them is weak but there is no past or past action and their environment leaves them without the hope of a bright future. I was left with the sad expectation of every letter as well as the desire for a role model in the life of some young young people at the end of a devastating decision. I think the value of the film is not just entertainment, but we all work in some positive ways to think, reflect and then create a better place in this world. <br /> <br />
