"For a few days, we will walk in a beautiful sun ray." For some days, when the world will be very bright "- 5 steps" Oh Child "<br /> <br /> Movies about black tricks are usually for internal city gangs, hip-hop soundtracks. Contains drugs or enzymes. It is difficult to find films about everyday domestic issues of general internal cities, but a searchable jewel that I would like to recommend. Our song by Jim McCack is about three girls in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, who know that their high school asbestos will be stopped for removal and they will have to decide on their future, which can lead them in different ways. From the 15-year-old scene, the story is said to be reminiscent of old movies like never before coming from adults. To avoid overuse of compulsive roads and excessive use of F-words, it provides an honest and loving portrait of three friends on a grand way in their life. Girls: Their year of Sophoro in Lynisa (Kerry Washington), Jayselin (Anna Simpson), and Maria (Melissa Martinez) Local High School They are an active member of Jackie Robinson Steppeer, a real-life marketing band whose Labor Day parade practices provide discipline and purpose for their lives. <br /> <br /> David Gordon Green looks like non-professional black and Latino actors like George Washington but low-stylized film, with Kerry Washington as a standby. If there are some amateur moments of performance, I am involved in a story that I forgot to play girls. Maria, whose father is in prison, has become pregnant with local student Terrell. He just wants to stay in the age of 15 years of age and knows that Terrell probably will not need much help. Joycelyn is working on an up-scale dress shop but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very dark scene in her bedroom, she pretends to talk to her fans, then she falls in bed to read her poems. He got closer to Linnas and Maria at the beginning but stopped befriending friends around them. None of the girls gets much support at home and Maria is not afraid to tell her baby to her mother. Nonetheless, single moms are not usually movie debits or alcohol. They are warm and loving parents, whose time limits their family's support pressure. <br /> <br /> Linsa's parents have been divorced, but he is able to talk to his father, the runner-up of the luxury apartment building and music. When Lonisa asked to know that a nearby friend committed suicide, otherwise, some spontaneous plot points in realistic movies. After the summer winds decreased, the girls became separated and everyone decided differently. There are no major dramatic moments, but the sad recognition of the inevitable change. Even though we do not face darkness in waiting for them to wait, we still do not live negatively with their expectations and dreams. Our song is one of the fastest exciting films that reject life in other languages ​​than expected.
