When you start watching this animation-masterpiece, you quickly notice that it is a European production. Although Europeans (sadly) have consolidated some of the consolidation that you usually find in this kind of American production, but most are missing. One of them is that of an extraordinary evil that can win only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes. Another is that this group is only in the business for money, greedy, when the heat goes up, it goes away, but anyhow it goes to its good nature. This movie was closed without both. <br /> <br /> This movie was based on the TV series, which was four years before the film. Contrary to the film, the TV series is not a cartoon and computer animation. At first I thought the computer would kill the character and character of the plot, but I was quick convinced: anyone knew his animation in the animation! Although the characters are clearly imagined (they still do not see the reality), but they seem to be alive and sensitive like the audience following their mission. Characters can be deformed by the "normal" values ​​(the micro-foot never jumps on the giant body), so living and loving "more than just a highlight"! Another great composition in the creation of the world. Because of his appearance but so much innovation. World Our hero's journey is not as difficult as us, but it creates a lot of size land which changes in shape and size, which seems floating in the mid-air. When a person steps on a small piece of ground, it's a little bit as a feather to the weight. In some cases up and down apply but our hero still managed to get a foot somewhere. Although the floating islands are completely real, the film is completely credible and after a short time it does not seem like a weather than driving a car anywhere in New York. <br /> <br /> The look of the world is not as breathtaking as the idea is. I think that as true, the attention of world values, letters and descriptions is wonderful. Although there are relatively few features of the characters' faces, Spanish can clearly read in the face of Shan Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The characters around the world are amazingly colorful and no two settings are the same. The background is always dynamic, some are always going to seem to be more alive in the world. If you turn the movie off and look in the background, you will be surprised how many details you know. <br /> <br /> The existence of hectare actually puts Cherry on top. Hector is a fairy little "thing" (probably equivalent to a dog in our world) who is completely lovable and extremely fun. Although he is not really important for the main plot, yet he is reduced to Scratch will be in the ice age. The really cool thing about hectr is that you have to say Gibbari to understand him. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so big, why do not I give 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was rather thin. Two predators have been sent to rescue the world from a bad dragon who wants to consume the world, not really the original. That itself will not be a problem a lot. I miss what background information was. Did any dragon have this type and look at that way why? I love mythology but when it is very thin, they seem to be writing after the film ends in a weak effort to give some depth to the whole. <br /> <br /> Another thing I did not like was that of Joe. Although a little girl like her could be considered adorable, she was somewhat of a pain in this movie. He seems quite resistant to all types of learning about reality, had some heroes dreaming from a book in the story and basically making others slow down. If he was a little more in the movie and had developed better earlier - or less than he started to start. The girl's idea to me was, there was a bit of writing down the story. <br /> <br /> This is a really good movie for all ages.
