My first impression will be boozer with all the good bits of fight with Groovel and dragon, it will create a thrilling journey from start to finish. Written by Frederick Lannier and Arthur Kauck, the two made their imaginative landscape that became a character among themselves, in their stories, instead of floating ground surrounding the changed environment, sometimes the changed environment, which is the bed of the valley or green. <br /> < br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The story is simple, which is a land that is not saying that a strong dragon loses unwanted tour Covering the hopes of destruction and destruction, and the residents of the Knights have all been destroyed. Write King Nati Joe (Marie drone) who has assembled Lian-chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge intelligence with huge power, but actually a gentle giant and his partner Guizoda (Patrick Timsit), who maintains a balance of partnership with him. Intelligent brain. Lian-Chu and Guizoda (together with their pet animals, which spread proudly in the fire of fires) share a common dream of land grabbing and their farm animals spend time during retirement, but for doing so, it is financially free, therefore Their career in giant-separatism that does not completely stop. Its essentially a complete concept, but this makes the movie a visual, what is the CGG graphics, which is firmly rich, detailed, and an eye-popping surprise. This is a boring moment in some wonderfully designed pieces that are designed designed to draw you in a strict step, and the timing of those war sequences. The photo-realistic moments of non-existent visual scenes make it easy for you to screw up the imagination of the faith, and it is easy to be afraid of landscapes outside the normal three-sun and outside of a kaleidoscope of flying objects. (George here to you!) And I could not even fight in the last stages, although normal brickbats are somewhat blamed for the incompetence of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I think this picture has opened my eyes to many other computer-animated companies around the world that have quality in their products to associate with Pixar. And it's definitely a movie that can learn from Russian local filmmakers: The Race Beginnes and the Legend of the Sea ?? Let the story be simply kept, and let's talk about all of your moving artwork. Of course highly recommended!
