The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actor. Jean Dō-yen, main character, Shin-A, a young boy whose husband died in an accident, and who forced Seoul to live in his small town, Miryang. Jane's face is very variable. She is girls, flirtatious, elegant, elderly and sad, frustrated and delightful, and very torn apart with it, and all of it in her mouth. The film also plays Kang-Ho, a King like King, whose attention is in spite of the lack of interest, following the absence of the person who carries a garage in town, and then follows him during a visit to the city while visiting his car in Mirang. The song is currently famous for its work with Korea's biggest star, Park Chan-Uek and Bong Jun-Ho (for the sympathy of Mr. Vengeance, the memory of the body and the host). And yet he forgot about a forgotten character here, almost one. But of course he makes him interesting and enthusiastically attractive. To keep GeoON out of character, he needed the ballot ballot <br /> <br /> is a piano teacher at Li Shin. He came to the new town, which is neutral, a kind of poor people in Seoul, a city "just like anywhere else", such as Kim (just like anyone else). His little boys are obviously like a young boy, but they are easily damaged and sometimes withdrawn. Wanders his father, and when he misses him, he wakes up, pretends to smell. She goes to school, and meets Shin-A-Pitman and students and shopkeepers. The place has a place, although the place is "somewhere". People speak in local dialects, and everyone knows everything, and Shin-A's Seoul sources are immediately noticed. Life is really hard here, far from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-Aa does not understand the danger she is facing. <br /> <br /> Some terrible events happen. And Shin-Ae does not necessarily deal with it in the best possible way. But it happens and he will face the consequences. But he can not. She goes to pieces. A criminal is caught, but there is no consolation. Finally he became so frustrated, he became anxious and again went to a Christian interview, who was pressing him to get acquainted. She found peace and released with this. But when he does not decide to forgive only the culprit, then he tells him to go to jail, that experience has become greedy and it destroys it again. He became confused and violent and he no longer finds comfort in religion. And it gets worse than it. <br /> <br /> Gin Do Yen gave him this very impressive and institutional role. Li Cheng-Dong can be a very good director. If Kang-Hah's famous actor expresses great appreciation for him, then he is sure. According to El Weekic Scott Fountus, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Osciss (2002), have identified him as "one of the main images of his country's latest cinematic renaissance". However, this Quantum Director is not a successful film, such as Quantum Director, Yong Tsang-Soo, Bang Joo-ho, and Park Chan-Walk in the wonderful, almost distorted park. This can really start, since the foundation is a kind of "Asiatic Alice is not live here at Anime" and then "suddenly and without any warning" became some form of the thriller, and after some time it became a bursonian study of the people's grief. "But that progress does not seem just random and unfamiliar; The film sags and lose its speed towards the end and then simply fizzles out, with no ending. There are action weaknesses. Shin-Ae takes the stupid potential with his son, and makes bad choices along with If Jean-Jacques Benixix's Betty is submerged for Betty like Betty Blue, she can explain her abnormal and incorrect choices, which are well-developed. No. It is an interesting film, of course, an annoying one, but one that leaves a suspicious and unhappy, after putting it through a mental wringer. <br /> <br /> Presented at the Lincoln Center, an official election of the New York Film Festival, 2007 ?? Recently, the Korean film makers have made a proper show.
