The Korean film can be quite amazed for a progressive audience because of the tone and style you can find in the same movie. In this play "Secret Sunshine", you will find some ridiculous parts, thriller scenes and romantic bars. In a mix of songs, at a stage characterized by Song Kong-ho, "There is no tragedy in life, there is no tragedy comedy". But do not make me wrong about this diversity of film-related generation, this rich film adds to the authenticity of the offer to its viewers. This does not mean that it lacks unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see a woman so thick and deep in pain. <br /> <br /> Sheen-A, who is trying to get a quiet life, her boy, in the native city of her husband, is facing the sadness of the film's unity. This realistic part is going through the poor mother, by all the stage mental details. Denial, lost, anger, belief, reality: This movie falls into all stages that exceed the character and it seems like a mental catalog that can be experienced by a woman. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept any conceptual experience (the woman wearing tragedy masks, the man introduces humorous interviews) and allows you to touch a movie impression. I must say that some parts of the movie really moved me (especially in the beginning), especially for those who helped to help the Chang Zhang, who really helped me, but in the combination of sorrow, I was tired emotionally to the end. Nevertheless, some cinematographic ideas are really exciting and surprising (for example the scene where the body is discovered in a big shot, for example). These scenes make "The Secret Sunshine" horror movies similar to "The Host" and the "killing memories" for the thrillers. These movies are really amazing, most original, aesthetically incredible, and they manage to give other dimensions to those genres they deal with. The only thing missing "Secret Sunshine", "host" has forgotten being scary, its audience crying: bad point for a melodrama, but good points for a good movie.
