After many years of absence, the Secret Sunshine Director brings Lee Changdong back to the making of film production. Along with the acclaimed films of three critics under his belt, he has now appointed veteran Johan Dvoeck and his notable (con Winning) talent for Lei's main role. The journey through a woman's tragedy and the pursuit of her capping approach is followed. <br /> <br /> What is clear when watching the secret Sunshine is that it does not really care to follow a certain trend, but it is necessary to publish what is required to publish when style attributes takes up. The story follows Lee Shine herself, when she takes her son to Milean City (whose Sina-Korean translates the secret sunshine). After the death of her husband, she went to Milenga, so the film was born from tragedy. And you think that the piano shop can open up and they may face some nice people's mechanical racket (played by song Congo). But this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> We follow (and coagulate, hesitantly) following the confrontation with Milenge and the fate that he has got for his fate, his cracks are seen fast. He is trying to hug his power to defeat a tragic woman tragedy and we see that it is not enough. The Secret Sunshine is still managed to follow most Aristotelian theatrical cycles, but comes back to Catheris, which could end up with some viewers, but the colonial symbolism present in the name of Milenge, the discussion of sunset talks and the imagery used in the imagery, the film very well pleased me, once I I started thinking about some more pictures. <br /> <br /> Mrs. Gene is rather impressive, especially considering that if the role played less well then quickly it would have turned into painful melodrama, but he recognized the attempts to deal with its harm with a level of sugar. The film has a much smaller role than the other songs of Mr. Gun, but he gave it to the appropriate Creator, the appropriate Creator Jinn. Technically, the film is well done in a classical sense. No chic aesthetic is employed here - the director is trying to try to tell the story clearly. I think my only real complaint, and which can not be able to decide, is that we have some distance (or at least mine) between lessons and spectators despite spending time with learning. I think some of these works arise from nature, because if total sympathy is shocked, we will not be able to see the problems that we will face with Shin. On the other hand, I did not feel moved even with the tears of learning and despite the illogical behavior. Similarly, the film is still quite impressive, especially it has excited me to think. About her, it meant more and was stuck with me after the end of her roommate credits on tragedy, vengeance, self-deception, isolation and faith. Driven by a strong lead performance, I did not honestly notice its 2.25 hours runtime. And say something to that. Savash. 8/10.
