Secret Sanshine (2007) is famous for his 2007 awards in Festival de Kane and other film festivals. Zono-Do Yoyon, who plays at the young widow Shin, won the Best Actress Trophy at the 60th Kana festival. Secret Sunshine Best Feature Film Winner and Best Actress in Zono-Do Yuan Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, this movie won the best film awards in almost all Korean film festivals. Specifically written and directed, and uniquely photographs, reveal the hope and salvation that can be found when the secret Sunshine continuously tragically causes painful. This picture also talks about God and man's forgiveness. The director of this film, Lee Chang Dong, said in an interview, "In a huge sense, I wanted to express love and this movie can be a melody in a sense. Without love we can not talk about hope and salvation." Lee admits that There was no visible section of the Secret Sunshine. This film is not a movie about religion, but it has attracted attention from many Korean Christians because the film has many Christian elements. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> He was kidnapped and killed. The abductor asks for money because he thinks he can buy the land, so he must be rich. His lies have become a cause of great sadness. <br /> <br /> <br /> Shin-e wants to become a passenger and forgive the murderer. He decided to visit his son's murderer in prison and pardoned him. Jong-Chan, his friend in Shin, says, "Just forgive your heart. Do you have to go to jail?" Her church fellows are delighted for her and they will pray for her. His pastor agrees with what he wants to do. It's a sad moment because it's a step too early for it. Due to meeting with the killers, there is another bending point in life of Shin-Aye. The murderer said with a peaceful smile that he already forgave God. This sparks anger in his toward God. He said, "How can you forgive him before pardon?" <br /> <br /> He started fighting against Allah. He looked up to the sky and declared, "I will not lose you." She becomes a trap, her heart is a trap, and her hand is in the chain. It is more bitter than death. She became crazier and crazier and sent to a psychiatric hospital. Shin-is released to the hospital, she goes to a beautiful store and sees a familiar face. His son's murderer's daughter works in the shop and ends her hair. The murderer's daughter helped to kidnap Shin-Aye's son. He cut Shin-Aye's hair, but the drama did not understand what was going on and quickly came out of the shop. <br /> <br /> It's not hard to talk about Jong-chan in the film. Jang-Chan has done his best to stay next to Shin. Although Shin does not care much about her, she is still with her. Shin-Ae gave up quickly to the church, but Jong-chan, who started joining the church due to Shin-Aai, stayed there because he felt the peace with God. The director of the Secret Sunshine Lee Chang-Dong said that Jang-Chan Milenga (secret sun), rural city or vice versa. He thinks, "To be very secular and neutral, but he always takes two steps behind him and takes care of him. Mileang is like his." Mr. Lee added, "Some people have said joking that Jang-chan can be an angel. I think he can be an angel, who knows? We are not sure there is no angel." If there is a person like Jung-chan who always twists and twins his boyfriend, we can protect ourselves against power. Shin's life is full of meaninglessness. After her cheating on her husband, her husband dies, and her only son murderer murders after leaving her husband's house. And his soul was harmed because he learned Christianity in the wrong way ?? And its literal meaning makes crazy. Its easy to say that his life is filled with meaninglessness. Does he still have hope in his life? Can he find the meaning in his life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-Ae tries to cut his hair by himself: We walk by ourselves to the journey of our lives. However, he realized that it is difficult to do it by himself, and we know that we can not do everything ourselves. When we cut her hair RING-CHANK saw holding her mirror for him. That's his hope. Jung-want is beside him and he is willing to help him in any situation. As I mentioned before, rust-like is like an angel for him. If we think that an angel is always behind us and behind us, we can find happiness in life, even though we are in danger. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic for Korean conversations. It's like Da Vinci Code The Da Vinci Code helps us to discuss the history of our early church, Secret Sunshine urges us to deal with the discomforts of our lives and find meaning to feel life helpless. With a shallow interpretation of the film, people misunderstood Christianity and his theology. With a deeper explanation, this movie will help us to see below the surface. Some people say that they see the secret sunshine and join the church service, and Li Cheng-Dong says, "They were already anti-Christ before watching this movie." The secret Sansine is a life story of a woman and we can explain Shin-Ae Our life through its life.
