I did not want to write this review, but after reading the default review shown in this movie's URL, I was compelled to write a dispute. The movie in a word is superlative. This author writes that the brutal review is not suitable. I think the writers mostly missed the movie point completely. In fact, I was fascinated by a lot of pretender cruelty that captured the middle of the film. However, I want to be different with critics, eventually this movie is not a publicity campaign. I think what the director has shown is not how all the answers are found, how basic religion is, unable to answer the common questions, which one can ask, and the religions which are to be offered are sometimes only one kind or another, only fine platitudes. It does not show a valuation on religion, because we should remember that religion is generally meaningful, meaningfully, transformed and expressed by good people and has no exclusive right to the truth, and thus ultimately the religion can not provide the final answer Some questions in life. Finally, it is a matter of faith. And that's all you have to believe in it. And if you are given trust, then you can appreciate any show of faith. And if you are not given trust then any show of faith is boring. At the same time, the guide to note the critics' reaction to the film at the same time. In any case, the director shows us that despite the fact that no incidents of religious interpretation and accepting answers to questions and that life 'secret sunshine' is going on, and their religious orientation has been waiting for all the secret souls of this world. And that's just the original message! Please remember the last scene of the movie, if you do not get it! Finally, the film is a great and very worried and worrisome - the audience with the questions you have to answer for yourself. So this is an industry that makes you personally challenged. I agree with the reviewer that Evangelical Stuff was a little more. However, in relation to the above explanation of the religion shown in the film, I think the director is trying to maintain the balance of this law, so that he can not be a preacher ?? Basher! Actor Kang-Ho songs were always good. She is just so amazing and perfect that she is just amazing. He has no doubt my favorite Korean actor. I know this actress Dooen Yin has been awarded the ear award for the best actress of this movie. However, I could not find any speciality in his performance. It seems that if you get awards, just have to believe in crying and violent scenes and everything else? All in all a great movie. Do you like it ?? See it again and see if you get it! If it displeases you or makes you uncomfortable or asking questions, it seems that if the director does not really watch through the film on the first movie!
