A movie that can make you tears of sadness and joy, will be considered as one step in the career of the general filmmaker. Actually, Steven Spielberg, perhaps our greatest story-teller, has been doing it for years in various movie formats. At that time the purpose of color was considered risky, especially after the jadas and raiders action class of action class. Finally, the film was not surprising, as Spieberg gave us E.T. At the cry of joy and sadness crying. Critics called the intricate color purple in his intellectual rents. It's quite an entrance. No special effects, no swashbuckling, just based on a brilliant story-tell-a-classic classic by Alice Walker One wonders how to present such an ongoing film about African-Americans in the deep south of Spielberg. The slave has gone, but pictured here in the south, it seems that blacks are using other blacks like slaves. <br /> <br /> Spibberg is always kept to sensitize its pictures to make visitors happy or to add childhood ingredients. It is the first in the movie depicted from his career that you can not do these observations. This is not the first person in a movie line to watch or see because there is no alien. Everywhere in the sun, always, the names of the fallers, etc. His extraordinary talent is obvious with this particular picture. Because he is mostly unrestrained, uses actors for the first time, b) He tackles an issue that most of the feelings are unexpected on the screen, and C) is a prominent play in which a string is dragged where the letters pass and change for almost 30 years. It almost looks like epic and opportunity and it does not earn a single academy award from 11 nominations, it is a bitterness and humiliation. <br /> <br /> Hypie Goldberg is an incredible as a tortured Selly. The overwhelming woman kept her objectionable father away from the humiliating Danny Glover, who was known only as "Mr.". The film follows the often-hit and mental torture with "Mr.". PG-13 Ratings raised by film Walker novels are quite open. This is not the "burning bed" of Georgia in any way. There is no blatant revenge taking as expected. It will happen gracefully. Goldberg is completely playing a man, someone who is in need of love and someone who deserves it. The most brilliant and heartfelt moments of these films came when Goldberg and his sister Neody (played by Aksuya Bussia) separated. (Probably the divorce of child and parent Holocaust?) If you are not transferred by this order, you may have to check a pulse. <br /> <br /> The beauty of the color purple area and the beauty of the flowers around it are standing. Poor people There really is something to live in, but love to win over all. Spielberg's Bushra remembers: A man without an intelligent alien can make an unforgettable classic. <br /> <br /> Writing: 10 10
