Rather this is the bad name Emmy won for the best syndicated program in the Western series, and of course it is an interesting series. It was produced by the Republic, studio, which worked better than anyone, and they kept the best of it. Each episode was built around a real historical figure in the old west. Detective of a railway named Matt Clarke, which, like Eliot Ness later, with the Gangsters of the 1920s and 30s, between the mid-1800s and WWI, became involved with almost every notorious Western force. The best asset of the series was Jim Davies. The tall, ugly, vaguely good look, with the original title, a pure Western accent and great horse riding skills that make him completely believable in action, Davis was inches up to the Western hero. In the first season, Mori Casale was called "Frankie" and in two occasions Kristin Miller's "Jonesi" was combined with two lovely and active co-stars. Everybody worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> What this program differentiates from its contemporaries, and what happened later was mostly invested in action scenes. Action Action Director William Witney conducted 30 episodes. Franklin left Adrian Both impressed the action with the Polish. Serial and B's stock footage used to offer huge shops to the republic. Increasing individual stage levels has increased or fallen with the quality of the guests. Marie Windsor as Bell Starr in the Well, Lee Van Clif as Jesse James, Face Parker as Gart Dalton, Jean Parker as Gat Kate and Joe Sawar and Slim Pickins as "Smiley Kid" Western Up and Commerce, Picasso, Parker, Denver Pile, James Best, and Richard Jackal's Cream honored their art. With the experience of Belts, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth McDonald, Earl Hodgkins, Steve Darl and Chief Yolacchi's experience, B's veterans give the feeling of the oldest Westerns old skin. <br /> <br /> The idea was only so many famous western outlaws. Famous figures through the second episode are becoming obscure for everyone with the most dedicated history buff. However, the next few shows were a match for any of the guest stars. Henry Brandon portrayed the street drama champion, and former republican Don Barry was outstanding as a Malt Sharp for a short period. <br /> <br /> You will want to see western fans or history buffs.
