Round Prussies and "Villa Paranoia" Trumpf, the favorite movie of the general public, is more important than the jury award, the brilliantly dramatic comedy of Eric Clozen, "Villa Parnoyia", which was indicated by the European youth jury, appealed to all the cinephiles of all ages. The following day, director-actor Clausen traveled to De Louiere, the remote town of Mammers of the Mayor for the provincial festival of the new European film, where "Villa Parnoyaia" lifted three awards - Best Film, Professional Jury; Best Film, Audience Award; And the best film of another young jury by French High School students "Lyciones". Five awards in one weekend - Not a bad scope for a film from a small country with unknown actors. Also, "Villa", a week before the San Jose Grat Prix in California, awarded the total prize for 6 prizes by the British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi") by the Manorak Spirit Prize. One week In recent years, if Lars van Treyar has kept Denmark on the offbeat-enabled Dougma cinematic map, then now there is a good chance that veterans MacArrick Eric Clauson (62) and his eligible crew of actors will soon see the world that Denmark has some more offers than sturdy drills, which is to say, The repetition of the young and old alike. Moreover, this is the witch screen of female leadership of Cinema Richard, who has a good chance of becoming the next international Scandinavian diva with little more exposure. For the record, "Villa Parnoyaia" is a fantasy film that Mr. Clozen wrote, directed and acted and appointed certain Motifs from "Delicious Illegal" to Malier. An ambitious young actress Anna (Richard), has lost the role played in the game of Moliar and herself committed suicide to make the stupid TV Chicken commercial. However, Jorgen (Chlosen), who manages a huge chicken farm by sponsoring the spot, gives him room and board job and his Cantonster, Senail, wheelchair-driven father Wal-Mart to care for Valentin, who committed suicide before his wife Stella earlier. Anna is the only one who has found a way to communicate with the silent old clan - and after discovering that he has tied up all these deafness and instability - living "Malad Imamini". As a result, he will play the biggest role in his life to reveal the dark secret that led to the withdrawal of Walintín's life and reality. The "Paradise-Paranoia" volley is partly derived from the tradition of Mouli, which is an impressive, multi-layered, serial-comic psycho-drama that literally has something for everyone and requires only proper positions to achieve the common kind of international prosperity it is rich Qualified. Alex Dillon, Paris / March 21, 2005
