Undoubtedly one of John John Ford's best works, young Mr. Lincoln was strangely unknowingly during his initial liberation war, was not surprising because most movies of the film's highest film liberation war were released in 1939, among which, in the history of the most mythical western history, John Ford's Milestone Stagecatch And many others, such as Gone with the W Ranger, The Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith went to Washington, which took the Oscar in the category Kudos Mr. Lincoln was chosen, in which the main screen. This was the continuation of Ford's film for many years, which was later slowly spreading through John Shaw's shadow, but by the end of the 1950s, American and European film critics and historians, by legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein A note of the logical Russian director Sergei Eisenstein wrote a note where he  ব লিঙ্কনকে প্রশংসা করেছিলেন এবং স্বীকার করেছিলেন যে, যদি তার কাছে এমন কোন আমেরিকান চলচ্চিত্র পরিচালনা করার সুযোগ থাকে তবে এটি অবশ্যই জন ফোর্ডের তরুণ জনাব লিঙ্কন। Affected by this kind of doubtful choice of Eisenstein, critics began to see the film again, but it increased only with the different eyes and film fame. <br /> <br /> For the first time, it was not the screen of the life of the most famous American President. In the early 1930's, Grafith did the same year as Abraham Lincoln and Ford's film, MGM John Cromwell was published by Eliune Abe Lincoln. Both of them were very successful in the 1938 release of Broadway Stage Play and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As far as John Ford films are concerned, we can find many references to the director and writers for many life and work, and the death of Poul Lincoln's image, such as the 1924 The Iron Horse or the 1936 Shark Island Prison, as the second Young Mr. Lincoln uses the main song theme as the favorite Lincoln song - Dixie. <br /> <br /> Based on the previously mentioned stage play and Lincoln biographies scriptwriter Lama Trutti in collaboration with John Ford, which was very rare for Ford, but the final result was extraordinary - a script included several historical events as well as mythological tales Abraham Lincoln's life and law practice at the beginning is a ridiculous but mostly heartfelt The trial scene is full, which is the highest point of the film and the main smile and tears generator, where Lincoln accuses the murder of two young brothers, and Davis is brought before the court and a prosecutor attorney (played by Donald Make) points out that his son Actually killed, it obviously forced him to become impossible. The condemnation of death penalty and the choice to save others. <br /> <br /> Overall it is a very sensitive, heart-warming and even funny movie with Henry Funder's extraordinary performance. Prosperity of other characters, no matter how small or how big they are, from the wonderful and intelligent screenplay, and driven by John Ford's jeans power in his best deliveries. One must look for everyone specific. 10/10
