While writing the book, the conflict between Jews and African Americans in Brooklyn's enchanted environment - dead person Bernard Malumud - started as a short novel by writer / philosopher 1971. The story was deeply twisted as a novel: it is more likely to be operational in the final moments, as it is converted into a scrapple by the newborns of David Diamond and Danny Grein (who point out). <br /> <br /> The Jewish novelist who took a book under his belt, Harry Laser (Dylan McDermott), but he is now trying to finish the book 'Newest' for ten years now. Sure he will complete the novel in the same environment where it was started. He was the only tenant of the Brooklyn Tenement to be condemned by LevinSpiel (Semur Castle) who tried to buy 'Harry's lease' so that the dirty violent building could be destroyed. In this atmosphere, another black anti-militant anti-Semitic writer, Willy Spriminte (Snoop Doug), who hides friendships hidden in friendship, and supports the efforts of the current novelist writing about the death of all white people. In less time than the friendly rally of Willi's militant black brothers and sisters, Harry Willy's girlfriend, White Jew, helps in opposing Harry in interviewing Harry with Irene Bell (Rose Bar). Wiley and Irene are in the sky, and Harry has fallen in love with Irene gradually and as soon as Harry ends his novel, he plans to move to New York. When Willie listens to the assignment and Harry criticizes him more, Willie explodes and begins with a subtle friendship as well as a competition among the writers. The nature of the last man's condition, and the ability of people to bring back violence and reinstatement. <br /> <br /> Actors do their good work with a script, which is a little weird but written lines that despite the borders they create credible characters. The film further enhances the story, destroys the mood and primarily limits the often and condemned buildings. The musical score reduces each tension and isolation of this groundless character by properly using single jazz trump and blues piano. While it takes some patience to make it through cerebral ramblings, ultimately the film observers value it. At least it is an effort to restrain the malicious appearance of material in large city life. Grady Harp
