This is a wonderful film to watch. Using digital technology, director Roehm, in his literal sense, has captured his living actors in pictured backdrops. Most of the time it works wildly, especially at the beginning where the movie comes to life like a pop-up story book. This is less successful in some scenes, where it limits the camera angle (for example, they were not painted beside some buildings), but it is a historical film that is a very interesting way of filming, like our own misconceptions, history itself has limited opinion of history. It is narrated using Grace Elliott's memoir, the former mistress of Duke de Orlins. Therefore, Marxist historians, especially in France, claim that an event is usually their own, here it is said from the view of a female elite foreign audience. Inevitably a different point appears - there can be a purpose presentation. The film uses a memoir device rather than a reflection standard. Personally, I found out the most interesting of the story lines around the death of King. He was disappointed at Dook's vote for the death of Russia (The fundamental knowledge of the French Revolution was probably helpful in following the conversation between Grace and Duke, he was the cousin of Louis and he himself elected to the council, where he immediately changed his name from Philippe Samata). The filming of Louis's death is masterly. Grace and her maid outside of Paris, Medon, watching from a mountain with a telescope. We can not see the death penalty, we just hear the maid's opinion. The most dramatic events of the revolution are closed. Arrest could not tolerate killing his king. His visit is an aristocrat that is. No logic of Louis's death is literally beyond his vision. It made strong, deeply intelligent film. The story of love between Duc and Grace is insinuated, never told, and powerful is moving (Duc seems to be a bit of a pompous fool at times; what he saw him? No accounting for the taste). Staying lunatic (just enough to suspect existing) which shows people gathered at the time of the revolution, because Grace's life is reversed, his house is searched every day, yet he has ordered to cook his servants food and unable to dressing himself! If you see any interest in a great, well-spoken movie, the use of the latest technology is to use an ancient story, or a momentous moment in European history, an elite foreign woman, her exterior, then this is a good value for you. It is rewarded rewarding the place a little slower but your patience.
