Hayo Miyazaki's second feature film, and its first commercially and critically acclaimed both (though its debut - Naosika AKA Warriors of the Bound on the Winds Best), 'Tengku no Shiro Rapueta' AKA 'Casal in the Sky' Kiki's Delivery Service ' Feeling inferior and straightforward than most recent works like 'Monocoque-Heim' and 'Spirited Away' Ray, but in 1986 it was much more than its time before and it was one of the modern milestones. Copy. 'Casal in the Sky' revolutionary 'Akira' was created two years ago and should be kept in mind that it is not as provocative and controversial as the Masterpiece mentioned, but the main characters are mainly the character of the bee-hero / heroine / villain character, and the story is quite anticipated and obvious (At least in today's standards), Miazaki's design and animation work standards never before seen. Stories and humor are a bit stupid and old, but sometimes the movie is very entertaining and very enjoyable - if not as exciting as 'Spirit Away'. And if you can see yourself the beauty of the frames and ignore the color of the budget and the animation and the uniform pair of low budget - at this time Miyazaki is still faithful to its roots and agreed standards of Japanese cartooning - you can see the character of Miyazaki, 'Spirit Away' and Manooke. 'Casal in the Sky' is a science-fiction adventure and suitable for children, which later fits nicely with the classic anime, as it still shows the samples and policies of what he has done and plays an important role. To say a lot more is to destroy the film, so I will close it. Not saying that I'm giving it only nine stars because I gave ten, but I could not go higher for 'Spirit Away' and 'Princess Manooke'. And it would be a crime. Like most movies in an anime, I recommend showing the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not take any words from Japan - even the English overdobs don 't tend to be very good, and in this case it's just awesome. You can only want to see it in the English version for a laugh and star-cast cast (English dub was recorded only after 'Skyway Away' success, because it was a 'Kiki Delivery Service') - Anne Pauquin and James van der Baker ( Yes, the Dosne man!) Fulfilled the main role, Mark Hummel ('Star Wars' from Leak Skywalker, if you do not know!) Villain and others Lots of fun for Andy Dick, Trace McNeil (The Simpsons, Raggart, Animex ...), Michael McKenzie (Kevin Coster's Robin Hood Traverie Fryer Tuck) and Mandy Pattinkin (Hello, my name Ingo Monto ...) Or some really laugh. But see Japanese one first.
