In a movie, a stamp is always the best time to 'best of all time', a specific trend or what you should do. But I believe that strong arguments can be made that Lap is the greatest animated film ever made. I think Japan's animated managers are the most talented Haoy Miyazaki's expertise, and it well presents its power as a director, storyteller and designer, and includes all of his favorite underlying themes. The version I'm reviewing is the 2003 American Dob (I do not know how to see it in its original language for a hard-core anime fan); There's at least one English language dub, I have VHS (I have no idea from any source), and that version was the only best dub I've ever seen with any movie. But I thought the person can actually find the version. <br /> <br /> The story of a boy named Laputa Pazu (spoken by James van der Buck here), who is growing in a mining town, one day a young girl named Shi literally falls from the sky. It seems that he is following Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), a government official agent, who is more interested in magical crystals hanging around his neck. To keep things alive, there is a mischievous hideaway gang after crystals, which are managed by the elderly but still warm lollipop (Clarice Lichmann). The plot surrounds the ability of flying flying ships, scientific knowledge and a potentially wealthy treasurehouse of secret riches. It is not much to put in a fairy-tale setting, but Miyazaki knows how far the story is to be taken and this plot mixes with the 'Gosh-Wa' moment and threads its basic morality and carefulness about the abuses of nature's power. <br /> <br /> After nearly 20 years, Laputra's design work is still revolutionary. All kinds of flying machines are incredibly impossible, but very meritoriously designed that you will receive them immediately without flashing. Telegraph and ancient motors, as well as those incredibly impossible flying machines, have been set up somewhere in the early 20th century. But this is the city that is executed; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Heaven, and in that connection there is its appeal, its power, and its dangers. <br /> <br /> In addition to a thought-provoking and well-crafted film, Laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography. Laputa shows the opportunity of most movies, from small pirates flying on the ship to the ship from high speed movement from the flying shots ?? Even with CGI's magic ?? Can only dine about Although we see a small fraction of this world, its easy elegance crosses the frame and we do not have any problems believing in it. Although the film is not my favorite one, even the most exciting, action sequence: To me, the fallen guard robot on the planet is accidentally redirected and destroyed in the castle, always trying to save Sheeta (who was the one who saw it). Meanwhile, the paws and pirates float on their little flying machine, literally, from the jaw of destruction. During the last-second phase of Grameenphone's refund of Robot's horror, the whole sequence is a great composition of timing and camera angles and how far the audience will take it. <br /> <br /> It helps Laputa have an amazing score. Musician Joe Haseyashi has taken wonderful strange beauty, neutral innocence, exciting action and strange curiosity of the flying city and the guardians of her wicked robots. Although he has re-recorded it for this DVD release (which is not improving its original score), adding a piece here and there, the score is perfectly visual, a rare total of words and outlook. <br /> <br /> This is not a bad dobby. I have been deeply in love with the old English dub, and it only pushed one at a spot, but I was almost surprised that these voices combined with these voices (and those who were well-matched by Japanese). Especially Dola is difficult to get the right, but Lechman fire is in the old way as the woman (her boys are not as good as the original). Pacin has done a good job like Shita and Mark Hamill, when I knew that it was before, I was much more than a smiling talented (I love Muskaa other English dubs, but the better of Hamel). Most of the pictures are on the shoulders of the wagon and Van der Baker is excellent. Listening to him, I felt that this crew had access to another English dub, because the VDB was very close to the original pajam. OTACU is again the cause of deviation among the faithful, even though I love this movie, I do not think that you simply see this special English version simply giving a big deal. Pixar's John Lanceter puts it in front of me, and I suspect that he loves this movie so much that he tried very hard to ensure high quality. <br /> <br /> Miazaki's success has been awaited in recent years in Away and Manoococ (I have not cared for one of her few movies), but Laputa is still her main achievement to me. Anyone familiar with the next work will enjoy this previous work almost certainly, but again, this film is a master at the top of his form in his cylinder. I want to pay big money to be able to see it on the big screen; Perhaps it will never happen, it is good to know that at least this classic DVD has been preserved.
