Despite the personal opinion of the beautiful beautiful jewel "La Bate" of the 1975 Wallerian Boroukjek, this animated jewel is a completely unique film experience. Borowczyk erotic elf story has been banned in different countries for a long time, and it is quite clear why this controversial gem has become a victim of stupid film sensors. "La Bate" is an attractive blend of acute and beautiful fairy-tale atmosphere, quite obvious sexuality and genuine curiosity that boldly refuses to accept any compromise. In one of the central themes of this photo, veterinarian (sensor) does not necessarily help with sensors, but it becomes very controversial and is so well known to the audience. <br /> <br /> The French elite family chief S. Esperance (Guy Tréjan) is married to a wealthy English family young and beautiful girl, Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), to marry her some harmful son, Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti). Have arranged for Due to the old curse, Maturin's uncle (Marcel Dalyo) strictly against the marriage. When Lucy and her mother had reached the French estates, Lucy was immediately impressed with the portraiture of 18th-century ancestor Romilla (syrupa lane) and an old book of bizarre drawings. The story soon falls into the dream of a strange sexual fever ... without much more, I can say that the fans of the exceptional film do not think this movie is absent. As such as the wicked, "La Bête" style, settings and cinematography are suspiciously nicely beautiful. Fever-dream-like atmosphere is present in the dream-out of the signal and outside. Great settings for the forest and noble family palaces, and beautiful scores and incredible cinematography create a great environment for this wonderful story. Very explicit sexual activity (elegant female nudity, violent actress) from seriously submerged and even somewhat abominable (starting with horseback clips of the horse during sex) ...; It can not be forgotten in both cases. The complete cast of "La Bite" delivers a fantastic performance among the fantastic and all the bizarre characters (some of which are seriously submerged). The film is profitable from an amazingly beautiful cast, it is Lisbeth Hämmel, Finnish actress Sirapa Lan (who sadly died in AIDS in 1999) as an ancestor of dreams-sequences or relatively unknown but especially an extraordinary actress, as a revolt, who is a black Play the hottest girl to take the opportunity to have sexual intercourse with a hug The. <br /> <br /> I deliberately do not give a complete description of the most important parts of the plot because they are only seen to believe. Sometimes caught in the picture, some scenes in the most wicked, scenes with eponymous 'animals' are certainly being among them. Of course not everyone cup tea, but highly controversial and unusual movie fans are highly recommended. A true culture gem!
