Polish filmmaker Wallerian Borouczke's La Bate (French, 1975, Uk of the Beast) is one of the most controversial and bold movies and is very nice. This image, which is usually hidden and denies our nature and our sexual nature, especially with its symbols and silence. The pictures seem wild, reverse, "sick" or exciting, but they're all related to the end. Sex, desire and death are very strong and the primary subject and within it all human flesh possesses the soul. They are interested in and enthusiastically lure us (and by our nature) that they are considered to be very wild to be fearful, unacceptable and true. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated young woman travels to the French countryside to meet her mother. His short-term husband with whom he had a letter. All are very exciting and waiting for each other's parents and relatives to wait for new people to come to their families. Illuminates the bride's innocence and nobody knows what can happen, and sleeps inside the walls of the big and beautiful French palace, all its people and animals, and a mysterious "la bate" which may be characters, or even most of the movie's viewers are real and ( In front of them) could not imagine. <br /> <br /> This film is about the same theme as Canadian David Krenberg debit feature Shavers (1975). Which occurs inside a luxurious building, among which the destructive and cowardly parasites spread to people through sexual intercourse with people and work very fiercely and with violence for the fulfillment of people's joy and fulfillment. Human beings have a tendency that can be stronger and stronger than his will, and therefore the senses may be dangerous and strong as any other creature, propagandist of an animal, it seeks blood, revenge or sexual and spiritual pleasure. People are not only intellectuals and equipment but also animals, because we are also animals, because intelligence is not always used very much as we can be seen anywhere around us. The film is widely open and very frustrating for the most hypocritical attitude, shows a horny man riding the horse in anger, since he is waiting to enter Murray and continue the race, but from his eyes we see anger and visible desire. These are the main components of the introduction and why it is there, the close-ups of the limbs can not be so easily claimed. The horse is an animal that wars in almost helpless heat, which is much stronger than its desire, because it has no control. The power of engagement makes an animal an animal. <br /> <br /> After starting memorable, turn on the character, and the film is fantastically older than the older innocent children have the necessary age groups inside it and develop their flowers, adults and elders who represent their own part of the lifetime, on the screen Creating the face of human life. No film needs more characters because all the important people are already there and represent the entire nation, residing in urban and rural areas and with both sexes. Slowly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly began to kiss the house. For the first time, he sees something unique and some enthusiasm that feels most important to him and his body, when you drink like a very thirsty water. The transition of the girl is an important element in the film because she was not aware of these things with her mother, camera and private lover, although these moments are just waiting to explode. Meat wants meat and it can be a human, but those things are not so easily taken, and trying to describe such movies that have been banned for decades? The stupidity of the photo and the reluctance to understand the photograph should not be reasonable or prohibited for any other violation. <br /> <br /> The film is important at the beginning of the last 30 minutes, and again it is seen how strong the movie is and without words. The girl and the audience can understand how her body starts to feel and what her desire, she begins to dream about the mysterious creature, which can not be any other than its own ornaments. . The sequence of dreams is, in addition to the overall simplicity and honest attitude of the film, mostly creates controversy and creates it, and it is very easy to think of the images as "perverted" and "pornographic", without the courage of deepening them, what we see behind the reactions and thoughts . The pictures are exciting in his dream and dreams are dreaming in the dream of people (dreams), and BoroWeek compels us to accept with an image that is closer to "normal" sexual behavior between a man and woman, a beautiful thing and expression of love, another Human needs There are also many shiny funny comedic love scenes inside the palace between the small, drunk and black slaves, who barricade many times for a servant, for example, and there is no doubt that two young people are together and that at least one rage is hampered by obstacles Do not become more fun. Borowczyk has managed to shoot his image so beautiful and "sensitive" that his message will be nearly impossible to obscure, but criticizing the industry seems impossible for our culture and mind. If it is needed only by using dialogue, otherwise the images work and make the movie stronger. <br /> <br /> dies after death or even after death, after life and years of self-sacrifice die. The end is inevitable, but the order of dreams can also be dramatic and powerful until the "publisher" is finished. Another black humorous element comes when we saw that women in these threatened cities were going out of the place where they wanted to see a little more! They visited us on the real palace of meat and about them. This picture reminds me of the story of French writer Georges Bautail, as well as lover, death and how they both are connected to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and well-liked as well as this movie, and naturally both of them have been blamed for "very clear" content and other equally remarkable shallow comments. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> " Bright and bright eyes. The sun is through the trees and in every place where people live and its beauty is always there, but the unrighteousness produced by the inhabitants of the earth is like the sun. Every innocent white sheep has a selfish, evil and terrible animal in our world, and the intelligence we have been given for this can not completely overcome our bad feelings and the power of the other side of the sheep, which is present in every human soul. It has dark side-responsive and active handles. The fulfillment of some of our innocence is not a bad thing and by using this intelligence and seeing what are good and which is bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence and lethal and destructive circles created by it. Some of the things that feel and satisfy with each other's sudden moments are not more than human intelligence, intelligence, which can be forgotten and eaten in the background. Borowczyk's film is an example of an example of magical movies with an unusual and extraordinary theme, an unforgettable and clever piece and a filmmaker, which can be achieved only by a man and expressed.
