If you like me, you like to be unique in your movies and in most cases than other movies, but I fully recommend that you test the beasts. This movie is an extraordinary, erotic, fantasy story surrounded by a mythical 'beast', which after women agreed to float inside the French temple and miserliness. The film is very brave with its content, and it's something to give credit to. The animated theme is a specific ban, and for good reason, I could add; But the film releases it; Straight and point. As with other bans on a banned subject in their center, Beast went around it and used our imagination to fill our gaps, but Borouczik did not do it, and he was brave in that respect, especially because of such a movie that he would face all kinds of criticism But, in my view, he proceeded with him It means the big organs for the man. <br /> <br /> With a sequence that is mounting a female in a growing male horse. This opener keeps an amazing sign in the film and in some ways produces the audience, which they are going to see is incredible, to say tour de. The scenes shown to the companion of the animal with the woman were ineffective and frustrating, and many people were forced to blame (that is why it was banned for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for bouroukjos in view of the threat of viewers; This film has a defined point. As said during the film; The only difference between humans and animals is intelligence. People and animals have both instinct, only people know how to control them. Explore this difference between people and animals through seed sex; The sequence of imagination where the animal reflects the control of human desires, and it only happens when the central female character goes under his control that he can see the animal. The film has a strong theme in the age-old story of "Beauty and the Beast", and overall it is a surprisingly shocking story, but not without moral. <br /> <br /> Critics of many scenes. Around the scene of a sudden sexual sequence of film to be annoying, but these scenes are important for the film's story. Without this view, we do not know the characters or the stories of animals, and, most importantly; The story of 'Beauty and the Beast' will not be able to conclude the horror of dealing with the audience, and since it is one of the main elements of the film; It will be a real shame. Alongside this, Broouckeck also mourns by these scenes, not by the shock, but with the dialogue and personality of the upper class family, the beautiful shots of the palace are not shown, and therefore there is a great difference between them and the events will not exist later in the film. <br /> <br /> Overall, Bust is suddenly a movie. This is the screenplay of a forbidden subject and the way of this despair will ensure that the film is not for everyone. However, if you can get over the film's shock, and can squeeze the beat; What is waiting is a skilled and beautiful piece of art that is willing to give an opportunity to this movie that nobody will miss it.
