Most people, when they are thinking of evolutionary films, keep an eye on the German films of silent and primitive words - the emphasis on filming on the molds, the contrast and the dark contrast, extreme performance, and the use of supernatural titles. The atmosphere is traditional, cinematic representation from the natural method. To split up. If we want to admit that the German publisher is not the only film maker to make movies and (the above mentioned features are not prerequisites for the evolutionary film), then I would argue that Dodds-Dane (DKD) is a major example of such film. <br /> <br /> Like a dream, DKD is a bit uncomfortable for a Kurosawa movie, as if it is unrealistic. However, DKD is also in contrast to Dreams, a great film and probably my favorite Kurosawa picture. Why? Mostly, I think, it's color. It was, I believe, the first color film in Kuorawas, and the person joins the film with a vibrant primary color, completely created by the present-day contemporary Japan. We are using Neon Lite and Gleaming Tokyo Galaxy; We are not used in a city that seems colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> I said, Dikedi, as I said, this is an extraordinary movie, because many of its characters live in a zunkyard, which live in another universe. In other words, I think, point - the outsiders of this Tokyo, after the Second World War, people have gone during great progress. The film represents one of Kurosawa's more hearty films; There are real feelings and actual pathogens (as the father of the father describes his dream home). It's suddenly stunning, a wonderfully moving movie from a man known to John Ford-like vistas and samurais. Everyone should know that Kurosawa had a movie touching and a movie to think about. (Aikiru predicted the emotional resonance of this movie by this means). <br /> <br /> I will finally say, Kurosawa is the greatest achievement. His Samurai film, though capable, is pale in comparison to the works of Kobayashi (Hara-kiri is the greatest, most intelligent samurai film committed to celluloid). Rasoman, the secret castle, the seven Samurai, Yozimbo, Sanjuro, Kejamusha and Ran are all good films, but they are only good (and, in truth, the secret for the castle and the key word is very generous). DKD is a big movie, such as IKIRU. They are the jewels of crown which shows that Akira is not a part of the breakthrough Samurai. They express their art and film skills.
