If Akira is wrong to make a Kursauva Dodska-deck, it makes it with the partnership with "four knights" (the other three Kobayski, Ichikawa and Konichita). They wanted to block their partnership with a large blockbuster, and instead Kurosawa, the main theme of the group, distributed an abstract, human artist film, which gave the character residing in a demuaded slam, with most of the letters facing dark tragedies. He made it on an independent basis or went to another studio, but it was because of some other financial and creative losses, which contributed to the attempt of suicide in 1971. Yet, day, an artist Qurusawa did not stop giving the drama for his plays that were notorious: the power of the human soul to face disaster. His backdrop is not a bit unusual, but should not be overlooked at all, but it is not the result of all the crimes of Kurosawa. <br /> <br /> Doddas-In is absorbing the ingredients, but not the way one is usually found from the director, and mostly because it is character driven by the plot. Something happened to these people, and here Kuroshawa's challenge is to divide them into a solidarial forefather. The character that begins in the movie is curious enough (though it seems that there is no additional space for it), Rocukan makes a train of people with a train sound every day ('click-clack' title), only sometimes stop praying for her mother . But then we closed the branch: Father and Son, the second who opened the restaurant for food and the former who goes with the site-specific description of his dream house and accompanies him; An old man sees the face of his death, and afterwards we learn that he will tell many people, more people are lost than him, of which there is a woman with whom he has past; A shameful, peaceful woman who is slaves of her dutiful father (or uncle, I'm not sure), who rapes her; And a suit is a case of a neutral face and a large average wife who has a bigger female- who is around the social circle. <br /> <br /> There is a small marker of people around this character, who kept two drunks every night wow barking and baking a sweet but weird There are people who like to sell the bike who have connections. And of course, there is a group of gangsters who roam around the water hole in the middle of the slumber, if there is nothing beautiful about talking to somebody, it is not about sex with any person. First of all remember how the Qur'assa sets the image; This is a small post-apocalyptic, no specific time or place (in some shots we can not see in modern cars and streets). This is a marginal society, but the concerns of these people are brutalized in a tragic scope, through dramatic power. Like Bergman, Kursevava has come out to separate the shattered emotions of the people, especially with a view when a person who is hanged, who is open, sad eyes, silent clothes silent, as if a woman goes with him. <br /> <br /> Sometimes there is charm, even some smiles, have to be with these people. Rokukan (especially with curo as the painter in the streets of Kuruzawa), or with the silent tone of the face with the silence of the person, even harmful I also enjoyed. But the Kuorwa allows its actors to renovate some of the houses, their camera movements still remain, as they were always patient, but with great caution and clustrophobic shots, painter attitude and sometimes a crater like silly plays, with the stililation of the play, take careful caution. . Occasionally in odd and tactical tales, some of them (such as father and son in the car) are especially sad, Kurusawa illuminate his film and designs a color scheme such as the first image of EastmanCollar, it is one of his paintings. Neat, spills, spilling on seams sometimes but some control is always, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; It's like the complete throttle comes in abstract scenes, where things are vibrant but very dark down. It is a bright, clever double-pronged sword that allows for words with heavy heavy drama like dreams. <br /> <br /> The sweet 'movie' score is done by Toro Takmitsu (also responsible for the role) and some wonderful actors, and in some incredible career, Dodska-Dane himself has done a lot of work from the director, but his own position is perfect Nearby, such as Kikosawa plays such as Eikiru and Red Beard, hold the truth to the human condition without much sensitivity.
