Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two films together in two years. One is considered to be one of the best romantic movies ever, and Olivia is a big film star (and Oberon has played his best role), the film that created: Hitting Heights. The other is the film, which was produced in England a year ago. A romantic comedy inside Lady X (like a romantic tragedy of height heights). A lawyer from Olivia, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic barrister, but he is a total misogynist One night he checked in a hotel in front of a crowd of people. It was a very foggy night (in the 1950s London was going to the famous Motor Soup Fog until a notorious "killer" fog), and crowds (who were present at a party at the hotel) need their bed. The manager logon allows one or two social women to sleep on a sofa and sleep a bed in her room, but she refuses. But he did not count Meryl O'Brien like Leslie Steele. The granddaughter of the High Court Judge, she led Logan to enter the rooms and did not agree with her sleep, rather her bed (she went to the sofa - for her discomfort). <br /> <br /> They share a morning breakfast the next day, and in the short list it is clear that Logan Leslie is very attractive even though he is a believer. But the girl refused to call her his name. She is determined to know more about her, and she suffers from her attitude towards women. Meanwhile, Logan is contacted by a wealthy nobleman (as the Lord Rolf Richard Lord May) as a possible client. My wife, Lady Marray (Binny Barnes), doubts the issue. In fact, he told Logan that the hotel staff knew that he was on fog night with his boyfriend in London. Logan (naturally) jump over that night that Mere was in his mysterious roommate. Leslie did understand the mistake, and Leslie decided to use it to teach her about women. <br /> <br /> The script has a Wodehouse novel, but slow. Still, Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selene (all of Oberon's grandfather) are all excellent performers. It even shows what can do with a little custom even minimal ingredients. Take a look at my little scene, I mean: Selenen's first scene, complaining about his Butler / Vault's weak coffee, who closed him properly (he has been used for each other's personality for years). Or working with a young Clerk at his office in Olivier, who was sure that two minutes before the office had two Lady Messes (there, but Oberbard and Barnes had gone together), and ultimately poor Clerk was thinking of a common thing. Or a hotel waiter who does not understand why the merchant in Olivier's house has been constantly changing from one man to one woman. I said, a little comical comedy - but it's very charming.
