Galaxy Express 999 (Jinga Titusudo Three-Nine). Created in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto <br /> <br /> <br /> As I know about the history of the Galaxy Express 999, it was first published in 1970 as the popular Monga and it was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE 999 The same Star Wars-type space has been set as the manga in another world famous matsumoto: Captain Harlak. Actually the space pirate Harlock and the Monga (other characters including Queen Emeraldas and Tokio Wama) are displayed at GE 999. The GE 999 was successful as a manga and soon followed the popular Anim series, which included more than 100 episodes. It was circulated in 1978. The movie comes a year later, which is not a series of the series, but briefly summarizes the story's main points in the two-hour long film. <br /> <br /> The story is set in the future of the unknown Star War-type where the journey of different planets has become a possibility. The future people themselves may be in mechanical companies where they can live for hundreds of years, even for eternity. Playwright, Tetsuro Hosino, a young boy, who testified how cruel Count Me Cha, whose entire body made mechanical parts, killed Taresue's soil. Tetsurô vows vengeance and ensures that he can achieve it by having a mechanical body. To get this, she needs to travel far and wide with the help of Space Train Galaxy Express 999. However, Tetsu comes from poverty, he has no money to get expensive tickets. With an opportunity restraint, he met a beautiful young girl, who resembled her dead mother. Metel offers a ticket to Tetsurô with him immediately on his ride. And so is the journey started? <br /> <br /> I saw this image in October, now about six months, and again yesterday. I think that first of all I have to tell the most annoying of this film: It seems very fast. Then again try to tell the main point of 100 hours long movie? Whatever, the situation varies rapidly and Tetsurô basically meets other important characters in the story by the pure chance. I think the manufacturers should exclude some or include additional 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there is no argument that GE 999 is available as anemic classic. Matsumoto's manga style is very trustworthy, the animation is beautiful and beautiful to look at. Even after nearly 30 years of its release, the animation did not become "old" but kept many anime films after the shame. Music is a bit "enjoyable" to listen to this day through the film (it was only after 70). I could not hear any English dub of this movie so I can only comment on good Japanese audio. Voice actors give life to their characters, the most memorable ones are Masaco Nujawah (mainly known as Goku's voice through Dragon Ball Sea), excited and young Tetsuro and Masco Iceda as quiet and mysterious metal. The supporter characters are not left in shadows, but have a life of their own, my waitress Claire being the most memorable. <br /> <br /> The story is also suitable for entertainment for both of them, as well as for those who try to find deep messages as well. GE 999 is an entertaining adventure film but can be seen as the journey of Tetsurô from manhood to manhood. The whole picture has been told from his perspective, so he feels compelled to feel what he thinks. I think many people may be related to Tetsurô, despite the fictional ingredients, he is a very realistic character: young, hot head, weird and naive. We begin to see the difference between man and machine and reach the conclusion that the mechanical body wants. On the other hand, Mattel is similar to the mystery of the film and even until finally, when he reveals who he really is and what he does not answer. Mattel can be seen as a dream of growing young, always close but beyond reach only. <br /> <br /> It is a strange but beautiful relationship between Tatsuro and Mattel that still raises questions and questions and is fascinated after decades. People have confronted the relationship of their two friends, mother and son, or two potential lovers (which is unknown to Matele's age and a lot of criticism, and Tearsur has not reached her adolescence). Without any way to sound deeply, I think the best word to describe them is "soul mates". There is no question that both feel devotion, care and affection for each other, but it is more than friendship, family and lovers. I think that their relationships will be stuffed in any section, it will take a little bit of the whole film and characters. The last scene, if you already know what is going to happen, is still very sensitive and memorable. In the end, despite the intensity of the plot and some scenes, Galaxy Express 999 is an animated classic in movies like Katsoo Otomo Ekira (1988) and Momoro Oshir's Ghost in the Shell (1995). The film was directed by Rendto, who had previously experienced the work of Legi Matsumoto, as he did in the Captain Harlak series. After Renato, a nice described metropolis (2001), which asked for the difference between humans and machines. <br /> <br /> Galaxy Express 999 (1979) is a classic that should be viewed by at least once every anime fan.
