This film is a spicy little part of Sam Fuller's filmmaking, which gives Richard Weidmck the chance to play his best, the most rigorous role, a small-time thief who was trapped in the military secretly. Sorting of a crowded beautiful candy (Gin Peters) pockets. The candy is a favor to her (former?) Boyfriend, it is working for "committee". <br /> <br /> There is a mystery about Cancer's purpose and most of its films determine it. Purpose ?? Indeed he first thinks that he is a "committee", a soft gesture pouring beer into his mouth so far as going on. But the real question is? What's going to go with? What is its purpose, and why is Candy like so much? Why do we like him so much? What the filmmakers have done here is basically the character of Wade Mar Kahn and its performance creates a very interesting "Male Patrol". As the male audience "B Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" is thought of through the length of the film, such as the female character with the main characters, credible or simply a beautiful face, filmmakers have made here a similar quandary for female viewers. Widmark is handsome, and has a charm in her boyish insouciance ?? But the first two times he met our leading lady, he robs her and then punches her in the face. Finally the question goes ?? To sell his country for his bone, so much less will be left to sync (his opinion to the police, "Are you blurring a flag to me?") Or would he just take revenge for killing? His friend Moai (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure that the film gives us a perfect answer. <br /> <br /> Does the character of Thumma Rotor have a special job? She has made a really indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give her "business" lots ?? He uses the physical object used to attract visitors to his world, especially his ties. Another example of Fuller's "business", using the chip sticks to revive the condition, I'll look at Victor Perry (I have seen at least some other actor). <br /> <br /> One of the most prominent "respect in thieves" themes among the themes emphasizing the relationship of the relationship with the square. In fact, there is a similar type of comfort and similar casual relations with the police, with the exception of Captain Tiger (Muivin Y.) who is angry with him. I liked the scene where he invited the police by name and they provided a beer for him to pick him at his shake. Who's the kind of story this picture looks real ?? Whether it really is "realistic" or whether it is a completely different question. <br /> <br /> I said to all, this is an essential criminal film that shows many of the best and durable features. The "film silent" school of filmmaking is in the school. A predictable plot is set off by a host of color characters (identically good), cheaper sets are disguised by the overwhelming speed of the film, and the final product seems to be more important than it. By Sam Fuller I have seen this far and it helps me look better why is he known as a Master's Director? Here he has worked a bit which I think he tried, but eventually failed in other films like "The Crimson Kimmona" and "Shock Corridor", and failed to achieve the true secret secret. Is this what I have seen so far that one of my favorite performances from Weedmark ?? And Witmark was a genius that I was tempted to say (based on a few extraordinary movies he met) comparable to Allan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he did not reasonably create many classic movies.
