'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first film, Samuel Fuller, and I have met the director's diverse film and aesthetic beauty of the big budget, even if the story itself is pure scholar. 'South Street Pickup' (1953) 'was released in Fuller's career a decade ago, probably a big name studio, Twenty-one Century-Fox was produced in big budget. Despite this, the scenes are still noteworthy that photography has some raw, natural elements, not against Dasine's "The Night and the City (1950)" and Cagean's Panic in the Streets (1950). By painter Joe McDonald}. In some scenes, Fuller has made the camera so close to the faces of its actors that they turn out of focus, closely close thoughts, emotions and short conversions, which reveal the facial features most. Although, (unexpectedly) the trend of melodrama, and an indication of anti-communal propaganda campaign, the 'South Street pickup' is a strong movie which makes it the most remarkable success of isolating it? City of New York City Underground <br /> <br /> When out of the off-jail pickupate snaps the paras of a woman at MacKay (Richard Wyomdark) subway (Gene Peters), she 'd is basically an application for. The woman, Candy, and her coward former lover Joey (Richard Kelly) was smuggling secret secret information of communists and McCoy unexpectedly found an important role of micro-film. Will he turn McGuffin to the appropriate authority, or will he sell to the highest bidder? If there is any error in 'South Street pickup', it is only for WWIIII {Diet Taylor, who provided the story, especially the Thein Man Gayes 'promotion of the propaganda propaganda, to strengthen the anti-communist program) Home (1944),' The only promotional film in the series'. For any apparent reason, each identifying character ?? Even smugly discount self-serve McCoy ?? Finally, the self-proclaimed patriot turned from the beginning to the expected transformation. In the traditional film Noor, the outgoing criminal always gets his punishment for his absence, his sin, but apparently he does not serve his country; Patriotism slates clean up. <br /> <br /> Richard Wymark, I want to start acting, an actor, playing a promising cockpocket with the composer, though always with the hint of weakness that he closes more. She can chew. The opening scene of the train is the best of the film, McCain undoubtedly and quietly fishes near his hunting hand bag, remembers Brason's Pickpocket (1959). Thlma Ritter is awesome as a tired street woman, who will publish information to anyone willing to pay for it (though, of course, she draws lines on the committee). Jean Pietersa, on the other hand, plays a role other than as well as dirty information besides glamor; In Fuller's statement, the actress was imagined that her prostitution had a little braces. However, Peter must face a promising love relationship with Winkar, which actually reduces the effort of film efforts. Ironically, after his release, 'South Street pickup' was immediately condemned as the FBI's Communist Propaganda and it was condemned from the opposite side of the Communist Party. Go figure
