The fantastic pickup at Sam Fuller's South Street is a choice of the 50's Cold War-Effective Low Budget Blue Shades. With a running length of less than 80 minutes, the Chikon UP at South Street is tough, radioactive, explosive and endless recreational. <br /> <br /> McKay has been selected three times. Nevertheless, McCoy can not keep his scary finger out of trouble - and when gangster's candy (Jean-Peters) pattyrette hand in hand, it's just a problem. The microfilm in candy walts is valuable for a roll communist movement, and its last job for delivery to former lover Richard Kelly. However, when Wyomber takes it, then Peter must reclaim what he has to do, which he (initially) did not know anything. <br /> <br /> This is a tasty set-up, with the character of Widmark, although not the story of death of psycho, a real live-wire, unpredictable and tough, yet weirdly charming. When Bogart or Mitcham played the role of Naura in a film, you knew what you are getting: The only single hero keeps his moral integrity (bogart), or an exaggerated man who tries to trap himself (Mitchell). You do not know what you get with Wyomdark and with his incredibly modern acting style (always keeps his movies well) he's awesome to see. Here he is selling the film by making a big score for himself or transferring it to the police and breaking the "Commies" war on the right side of the law. And he still asserted that he never put Peter in pocket pockets to avoid the fierce fourth rap in his chest. <br /> <br /> She plays her best role with Peters-heart-gold candy. Broadcast ambiguity is probably best expressed in his view with Peters; Fantastic trams fast (and rather incredibly-romance angle spreads rather than) fall under the spell of Wimbledon, but the alternatives in Waddock slapping her around or around her. Peter's hard-edged beauty, yet the most recent Hollywood glamor (Lanna Turner did not work well on this land), it's a great asset to the film. The candy is not innocent, yet she has gone through a very weak, steady way and riding around a man. In the first encounter, he prevents cold cold and pours beer on his face, but in the final work, he is much more flexible than he (he is going from Kili to hell's forehead). The hospital scene should not work with Peters and Wymark, but it works. Like all other things in the movie, Rotor's performance is frustrating, real and heartfelt, honest. His death scene is stunning. Fuller's camera movement and location settings are particularly interesting. Fuller likes a good close up, and the pick-up on South Street is full of uncomfortable, cloistering tight shots that only enhance the tactics of the plot. Freder's camera is not afraid of chatting over the old Old-Hollywood, but oddly turns away from Rotor's death scene to give the viewers the greatest effect. Urban losers and abnormal, camera corners prefer to face South Street, a dark, incomprehensible modern look. <br /> <br /> 10/10
