"South Street Pickup" is a slow motion drama about a small speed criminal who suddenly becomes involved in the activity of a group of communists. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and the speed is kept through some bright editing. The wide range of different camera angles and effective close-ups contribute to the constant speed and overall impression of living. Joseph McDonald's Samuel Fuller's style of directing and cinematography is wonderful and many scenes create a strong feeling of mood and atmosphere through their composition and stirring. <br /> <br /> McKay (Richard Witmark) reaches Deepak after stealing wallpaper from a girl named Jenny (Jenn Peters) from New York's subway on New York. His ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kelly) was in the Communist organization for delivery of his identity and unknown to him, he kept secret information in the United States on microfilm. Two FBI agents saw the theft following the Cad. One agent returned to Joey's apartment after her and another, visited Zara (Willis Burch), Police Captain Dan Tiger (Movin Yi). Zara explained that the FBI has been following the candy for a few months as a part of the enemies of the communal group. <br /> <br /> Tiger, a "Stelli" Thilma Ritter to mark the cockpit, has made eight possible suspects in the list after giving a specific description of the "cannon" method. Once in the name of the Tiger name list, he immediately believes that he is the person who wants to stop him and send him two detectives to arrest him. When Tiger is brought to the Tiger Office, Zara tells him about the microfilm and Tiger will cooperate with his investigation if he is not charged. Avoiding and being arrogant. He does not explicitly believe in Tiger and denies all knowledge of theft in the subway. <br /> <br /> Jei stole the thief's thief and then ordered Candy to recover it. The candy gives the address of the skip to the skeleton and when Tiger comes back from questioning, before he steals in his house, the candy searches for his home and makes him unconscious. When he restores, ignoring the $ 25,000 payment demand for microfilm. He told Joe about Zoe's instructions and Joe's boss gave him a gun and ordered to restore the microfilm the following evening. Avoid and Candy is attracted to each other and it is due to their uncomfortable, developing relationships that they are able to shake the police attention. But soon it became clear that solving issues with the Communist gang would only be achieved through more direct steps. <br /> <br /> Skeps, candy and mo figured as a character that lives in a poisonous world, is forced to deal with enough risks on a daily basis, strong and compulsory. <br /> <br /> Moyer's work as a police inspector depends on his knowledge of the people of his community, but those people also know what he does and whoever may want them to retaliate at any time. He appears to be shiny and in the direction of the street but as his weakness he also describes himself as "running down an old watch" and seems to save money in order to enable a decent cemetery in a exclusive cemetery in Long Island. Her belief that "every money has its own meaning" leads to selling any information in spite of its danger, friendship or policy, and is still a show where she refuses and it proves to be fatal. Thumma Ritter's performance certainly received the Oscar nomination for her role. <br /> <br /> There is no concern for his victim and he is convicted of fierce criminals thrice in the past. If convicted again, jail for life! Despite this, he still continues his criminal activities and queens, when he betrayed his position only became philosophical, and yet he confirmed that the so-called grave of such high value was available. Candy is a former hooker and whose whose activity keeps him in constant danger, but a warm side behind his tough outer body becomes more clearly visible. Widmark and Peters are both perfect for their role and illustrate various aspects of their personality with great style and consistency like Ritter.
