Attention, the speaker! Many people told me that the «Apps Planet» was Tim Burton's worst movie and it was much weaker than the original. So I decided not to see it. My other friend, who has not seen this movie yet, has advised me to look after it because 'Tim-Burton-movie is still Tim-Burton-film'. I decided to do it, and I saw that she was right. <br /> <br /> It is clear that the remake of a famous movie, 'Apex Planet', is automatically affected by commercial thinking. Tilton directed his film to represent his strange playfulness as well as 'BitLives' or 'Batman'. If you already have a choice of movies, but do not find it difficult to choose a movie, even if it has some flaws: Nervous-Rocking Monkeys, Extra Dressed Apes and a Leading Actor, which can be replaced without difficulty, br /> <br /> <br /> The first picture gives us an answer to the question: What is the consequence of prompting Tim Burton to make a remake? Not the first, Burton Burton, if he refuses to call it a remix from the beginning; This is a 're-imagination'. On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every audience of his film has played Charlotte Houston as human (in his first role) and he knows that a remix does not exist without his model and the two movies are not being compared. So he is playing with this comparison at every moment of his film, E. G Specifies the quote. About the story line, Burton has done a brilliant job by answering the first open question first and then destroying this extraordinary clarity and ending the film towards the whole audience's frustration ?? And the speaker here ?? Leo is coming back to the world and found herself in a world that is always regretting. <br /> <br /> Now, this is the surprising, frustrating ending of the first planet of apps, due to the wondrous answers of the people's expectations. An end, even more unexpected, more surprising and: completely confusing, because ?? And here I disagree with various 'Planet of Apps' - homepage and platform ?? It does not carry anything. This can not mean, or it is so complicated that it is not effective. Team Burton is playing his cruel games, he works with a Green and he is good at it. Burton fans will be sure that others can betray and complain about some kind of mentality. Well, I do not think the producers will ask Barton again to manage a remake?
