Before the crash, there was a grand canyon called Grand Canyon. The Grand Canyon, which was released almost 14 years earlier than the former movie, lives the lives of two people of different backgrounds, who came together as a friend of their lifetime. Crash was still a little good movie for me, but there was no Grand Canyon. <br /> <br /> In Los Angeles, a high-ranking lawyer, Mac (Kevin Kline) took a shortcut near the seer, only to break his car at the worst time in the city. He will be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want to call his car soon, and will have to wait a while, shortly. Soon the tower truck driver arrives at the perfect moment, and Salmon (Danny Glover) is taken away from the truck. Both men were threatened, but Simon himself, Mack, and managed to find the car in stunning straits. This is the friendship between Mac's lifetime and friendship helped Simone, as Simon hated him before. You see Simon's sister Dobro (Tina Lifford) is living in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and fears for her old boy, who are roaming around the streets on the street with some bad guys. While Mac survives them, Simon gives you a better place to hooking up with his secretary Zen (Alfred Wudder). <br /> <br /> The main plot of this film, but other small plots are also involved. The Secretary (Mary Louise Parker) and Mac's wife (Mary McDonnell), who did not discover a abandoned child for a long time after their son Roberto (Jeremy Siesto playing the role of her first film), and probably moving with her own life soon. The details of these plots are brought together in a complex film that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and uses it as a bridge to strengthen all the different scenes. This simple plot device works very well and helps a lot with the story's flow. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kassan, on this date, was his biggest film, The Big Chill, which made an extraordinary movie here. Cast is excellent, and most of the ideas are well thought out, but it reduces glory because some points, which will make the film more powerful, focus on it. One of the stories involved in the secretary, and the other involved Simon's nephew. These scenes should be far more than the whole story, and then the views of Lawrence Kasdan in life above and below the lower classes were very good, rather than the higher level. The Grand Canyon still exceeds the expectation, and yes you will see a view of the canyon named after this movie. For Steve Martin, there is a small role as a violent film producer Davis, who gave his opinion on life and there are a small part in this film's ideas.
