If you really want to know that the majority of Hollywood actors and managers have created it "make it", then the vast majority will tell you (they say they say that a strange incident happened). They meet the right people at the right time and enter the right project which leads to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino accepted an acting class whose coach Harvey Keitel knew. Kevin Spacy lifted a back lift from an elderly woman who went to sleep in a famous playwriter's speech, who helped him play an important role. And Robin Williams credits Gary Marshall's son to his career, who, after seeing "Star Wars", later advised his father that an alien must meet Cunningham of "Happy Day". These coincidences, seen as many times pure fate, are many sizes of Hollywood today's career. Or is it good luck? Is anything else possible? The "Grand Canyon" written and operated by Lawrence Kassan, gave a completely different explanation for the strange miracle. The film expresses concern with several different characters, whose life is intersected with positive and still guessable events. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kain, middle schoolgirl, breaks down in a more dangerous area of ​​LA. After he is calling a tower truck, a young gang accosts him. If they do not leave the car, then they threaten violence. Before the clashes increased, Danny Glover appeared as truck driver and reduced the goals of the gang. Although Glover later denied, he probably saved the life of Kine. A producer of cheap violent films (Steve Martin) shot on foot and wards have spiritual experiences. Then he announced his retirement from blood and cowherd entertainment. And Clayne's wife, Clear (Mary McDonnell), Jog in the morning, finds a child hidden in some feet. She said that the child was crying for her and her baby's "rescue" was earlier. <br /> <br /> Analyze the results of these strange connections that lead to the next relationship, ending relationships and new initiatives. . And all the time, a strange homeless man is seen throughout the film as if he is connected to what is happening in any way. <br /> <br /> This is very rare in Hollywood, or generally a purely esoteric subject for movies. A few moments that seem a bit unbelievable, but probably that point. What is fabulous acting by Cast Cast in the film work. Although miracles and music may be many, the actors believe that they are feeling these new realities. Maybe this is a topic we should explore more often.
