Two-thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDB users who voted in this movie rated it 8, 9 or 10 and visited six user video tapes of one user (this is a record, or only a defective VCR?). Although the film was initially called a fixed piece but it clearly has a pretty unusual attraction. But for some reason I have imagined it as basically radioactive and until recently felt the passion to visit it. The original book of Elizabeth von Arnim changed my mind. My wife loves to read but her eyes do not allow her to read, so she lays in the book book. These books are usually annoying to a partner who is busy with another partner, but I gradually became grateful that it was absolutely impressive, although there were no syrups and very good writing. I realized that my wife would enjoy watching the film, and so she agreed to buy the video. I am so glad that I have done that work, and of course, it would recommend buying someone who praised the peaceful reactive work without any fireworks, but praised the well-developed character and a very successful pre-mesolini Italian environment. The story is set on the immediate post of the WW1 period and starts with two married London women who decided to pull off their marriage and enjoy the holidays to stay away from their family in Villa Rentals in Italy. This coupled with the situation strongly involved two very different characters and two with the background. His theme is not much more than the interactions related to the progress of their holidays, not only among these four mature mature women, but also sometimes with male viewers. If you want action, thrills, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or Harlequin style romances, it will not be a movie for you. But IMDB users have combined and highly brilliantly that there is no need for a movie that is very fruitful to watch and if you try to use it then I can rank it among your favorite movies. <br /> <br /> It's rare to see a picture of my book, with which I already know. Most of the time, I take a little bit of pleasure to watch this movie, but here there is a strong visual appeal that I have really increased my book with the prospect of seeing the next book, effectively executing it in front of my eyes (Perhaps there was some part of myself in Italy, for the last time I had this experience when I was watching the stories of Boccaccio DiCamaran on TV.) Usually books are enhanced by the dramatic level of the original work, so that the protected version is sure to have even a greater appeal, but instead of any background event here Attracting the audience's attention on the development of the growing character If this is a little less than the problem. It works very well, though some of the book's changes are true and the original story remains true. Because of the great credit director, Mike Newell and all members of cast, especially the well-known British actress who plays the four main ladies.
