The three youngest descendants of the Gailard family, one of the most royal families in America, orphaned at a young age Before going to France to fight in WWI, his father said the oldest, Fiona, do not sell the land. While sisters are adults, they have to loot most of their money to protect their property. With some disappointment in the father's will, a person named Charles Barclay was forced to take Gerald's land, on which he wanted to build a complex named Barclay Circle. Berkeley is actually John D. He bought land and buildings from New York's rich family based on Rockefeller, so he could create a Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This image is related to the musicians of most of the three sisters. . Fiano played well by Barbara Stanwick, although it is certainly not counted as her best role, it looks like a cold, dominating woman and it becomes clear that she has some skeleton in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, loves a young modernist named Giga Young and is absolutely amazing. Coleman's picture was my favorite performance. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a humiliating temptation with Monocle, married in the great blood of England, but does not prevent her from trying to steal Gig from her sister. Although three sisters are very well developed, however, the main tendency among gay sisters is not as good as ever. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. She is not very good. Well, if the story should be with him, he would be happy, but he always feels like a comedy in the film. When we call him late to film, it's impossible. Is played by Gig Young, huh?, Jegg yang No, he's not playing himself. What happened, before that Actor acted in several films under his real name Bairan Barr, and forced Warner Brothers to change their name. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but in the end he changed his screen name to Guy Young, he played in this Girl's Gears. Curious, Ah? Young is quite good with most of the movies, but this film does a somewhat unfortunate job with its character, which delayed the film, which ultimately causes visitors to sympathize with it. In the role of the other two supporters, Helen Theming and Gene Lockheart are pretty good. <br /> <br /> One of the guests in the big system can be one of the guests. Characters are all interesting, in their situations. Unfortunately, the script does not try to do anything more than the simplest maildrum. If it makes interconnections of all major characters more complex, for example, the competition between Evelyn and Susanna makes it more complicated or flashbacks, but the film can be great. It may be more tempting to fleshed more, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We have to take care of our characters more and we need to be more sympathetic to them. And the last few big fixing is needed. It basically just gives it at the end. Fiona's problem is so bad that it is resolved in the pain. Due to the progress of the film, its character has gained any sympathy. It's very happy. This story seems to be moving towards a tragedy, or perhaps a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is not solved. Fiona's story is worse than the last, Susanna, Giggs and Evelyn. <br /> <br /> I still like the film. It is thoroughly observable, even if it does not look like other great films of our era. 7/10, probably for its feasibility. It should have been rebuilt, or novel should be re-adapted at some time during the studio era. It's very date to rebuild it now. In the 1950s, there was a time of great time like giant films.
