I saw Rob Roy the first twelve years ago. With a little money to entertain, I hired it for my drunk and I keep an eye on cold winter bones in the bone. The movie I wanted was gone, so I hired it instead, I did not expect much and I was amazed at how good it was. I recently saw it again, and for the first time it liked every bit. <br /> <br /> For strangers with the story, it is Scottish Einstein Robert Roy McGregor, a cowboy and guy hero. From childhood I know about man and his stories, events have been taken with independence, but this is not a film, textbook, and so the filmmakers can be forgiven. Originally, the plot of the film Rob Roy purchased cattle from Marquis of Montros, which he wanted to sell and earned a big profit. However, when the money was looted by his friend and he was killed in the forest, his plan was destroyed. After failing to resolve the matter with Marquis, our hero finds himself and rapes his wife Mariah from Archibald Cunningham. As a result of the torture, in a very satisfying conclusion, Rob increasingly highlights Christmas like Turkey's archivalald. <br /> <br /> This movie has a lot of performance, but lets me touch special. Liam Neeson, as usual, is pretty sexy, you can not close your eyes. True, this guy is like ice cream: Even worse, he is good. His Lord Rai is an honorable man who struggles to fight for his dependents, how he knows the best. As Mary, Jessica Lange is forced to tolerate the audience, a beautiful change in the Simpering, gentle cinema wives, which gives this woman a fierce. You just know that he does not take b.s for Rob or anyone else. Tim Roth is on top of Arki Archibald's screenplay, yet it works anyway. All prejudices and progress, combined with some bad dialogue, are among the most memorable villains in recent memory. Combine it with the delightful scenery of Scotland and combine star-based work of other supporting players and you have a really great amount of movie. If you did not see it, I highly recommend you.
