Bad for this fine movie, which was released in the same year as Bravo. Although it is a very different type of film, there is a conflict between Scottish general and English high-profile as well as the center here. During the BrahEart, nearly 400 years had passed and Rob Roy was set, but some things did not change. Scotland is still driven by English nobles, and may seem to catch a break when dealing with them in the highlands. Rob Roy did pretty well, but is not the grand epic of Brahhett. There is no big battle here, and the conflict here is even more among the people. And helpfully so all English is not portrayed as evil at this time. Rob Roy is a movie about only honorable people, and those who are truly evil. <br /> <br /> Liam Nisson played the title character Rob Roy McGregor. He is the leader of McGregor's dynasty and his fundamental effect is the tendency and respects of the local prides of cattle known as the Desert Montrose (John Hart). McGregor looks a little rough for the lineage, the winter is coming, and everyone seems to lack food. Rob Roy puts together a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from Marquis and buy some of his own cattle. Then he will sell them for high prices and use the money to improve the general benefits of his community. Not enough fair word, right? Problems arose when Marquis's two cronies steal money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the worst character in the film. Tim Roth has performed wonderfully, this man is a meritorious man who was sent to live with his mother Marciss. This man is very cruel, rude, merciless and very dangerous with the sword. She denies ownership of a child father and responsibility with a hand girl. He raped McGrimin's wife and burned her outside his house. This guy is really as rotten as the movie characters come in. Along with other cronings of Marquis (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals money and uses it to fix its debt. Although it was painful to most people, Marx still kept MacGregor in debt. Setting up this conflict that will take many lives and challenge the power of fighting only to keep its status. <br /> <br /> to come forward !!!!! Fortunately, McGregor, a friend of Marx, who did not have a friend, resolved the conflict between Robi Roy and Cunningham and set up a double conflict. Many of these sword fighting were sometimes considered to be one of the best illustrations. Cunningham is considered as a conqueror with its speed and grace. And for most wars, these features seem to win. Rob Roy seems like the end of the day, he suddenly turned the tables into astonishing manner. For the first time, see what happened, you'll probably be disappointed like Cunningham! Rob Roy beautifully portrayed, amazing acting, and fully read. Score is very memorable, too. Casting seems to have worked like a favorite Jessica Lange, who could come out of her material, actually became a strong performance like Mary McGregor. The film is fierce, but not too much. Although it's a lively picture deviant behavior, though. The fame is largely played as moral and sleazy. There is no clear error in the picture, thus it gets 10 10 big stars. <br /> <br /> Hound.
