This ongoing story of his war with the legendary hero of Scotland, Rob Roy and the feudal zamindars. It is often compared to Bravo, it is not very historic. Despite their primarily mythical nature, I both rate these movies and it is difficult to pressure them to choose between. William Wallace of the 13th century, others noted that a national figure larger than life, and in the early 18th century, Rob Roy was added as a respected but ordinary Scotsman. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a group overseer, Robert Roy McGregor, who lives with his wife Mary and her two young sons in the Scottish Highland camp. After the film began, he and his colleagues were hunting some thieves who steal local thieves. Then Rob Roy wanted to improve the living conditions of his people so that he could borrow a thousand Scottish pounds from the local people of Montevos Marquez by buying cattle in the market. He temporarily gave this money to his friend, Allan McDonald. When both McDonald's and Money were lost, Rob Roy found himself in conflict with Montrose, a conflict with his hateful essay, Archibald Cunningham and his lazy factor, Kelleran. Rob Roe's consent was also examined for Montrose to engage in false testimony against his rival Duke of Argyle, whom he wanted to accuse of being a Jackaby. <br /> <br /> Charitatik Liam Lionson is a bright, intelligent highland Rob Roy, an intelligent, fearful, and noble hero and a man who can be respected for this honor. Personally, I think it's the best performance of Nissan, its brood (Irish however) adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a shocking, proud, brave and honest man whose words can be credible. He is a loving husband and father, and his friend McDonald is particularly loyal to the person who accused him of looting. <br /> <br /> Team Roth has wildly portrayed his main competitor, and certainly one of the most serious and sad cinematical villains, Archibald Cunningham, a proud, ruthless striuting peacock. She is very excited for someone who does her main business to disappoint local women, whether she is willing or otherwise. Incredible Cunningham himself constantly implies that he is unaware of his father's identity, even though he does not appropriately support the horrific losses of murder, rape, and theft. Also, after she became pregnant with her child, she separated the daughter of the young woman, causing her to commit suicide. John Hart boasts and foppish Montrose, finally playing that is meant to be the father of Cunningham. <br /> <br /> The movie is a very credible love story between the ordinary man and his wife, the passionate relationship between Rob and Nirvana rhetoric and Mary. Those who question the emotional presence in the wedding, they will see this husband and wife! I think the term used in this pair is, 'How good you are for me ...' is one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all movies. <br /> <br /> The most powerful performance is probably by Jessica Lange as Rob's wife Mary McGregor. Unrest, she has a strong farmer's wife and mother's beautiful but natural appearance. When hateful Killharan was brutally raped with the hated Cunningham, the actress brought great courage and dignity in her role. His conversations are plainly spoken but filled with pride and grace. I gave Hollywood the reason that once she showed enough in the scene of the rape that she showed her cruelty and pain and humiliation of Mary, but nothing was intended for stimulus. When their relatives, Alastair McGregor Mary saw mental anguish when learning about rape, she swore to keep her secret while not expressing her violation of Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film also features the beautiful scenery of Scottish Highlands, plenty of costume costumes and proper musical scoring. There is no Grand War scene like Brahheart, but continuous engaging movements, and particularly sticky sword wars, with the final double conflict between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is an exciting movie featuring both excitement and a beautiful love fiction.
