There are some rich and special rich with Satan if you can stand to develop slow. During dealing with a dark, satirical subject, during the Western War, the American West's brutal guerrilla war (which was expelled in the old west of 1870), the film maintains a strangely satisfying, irregular environment. What I'm saying is the music of the movie and the tendency of the discussion to feel the mood that you can feel. But instead of RWTD there is relatively relative soundtrack and the word and program sets the mood instead of the manipulation of the audience's senses. <br /> <br /> As an encouragement to this special area of ​​CW History, I am 'fascinated with the film accurately. Dualgoodoo is specially written, even with reference to Bushwalkar and the previous boarding battles (sometimes with humor humor) (for example freedom ... much tears from the Oregon trill!). The minor incidents happened in Jake's band like the actual events ... especially when they hide in the house and the store / booths are destroyed, the attack. The war scene, though rare, is very well executed. Recently it has pictures of the first CW Cavari war. <br /> <br /> The guidance reflects that the talent expects each and everybody to have Ang Lee. For example: The character of Black John showing taunting the Lawrence resident during the massacre: "Where is your army? Where do we fight? What do we fight? (The shot is not a time to stop nothing from closing the voice, Either! "Who are the cowards? A little touch like this really enhances the movie quality. <br /> <br /> There is no big visible area in history, something that can not be said about the superiority of the film's superiority, which was originally a fiction about it. This is the main event followed. There are some minor issues that representational events do not add the years shown. But you do not notice that. A big curiosity is the character of this African African-American persona-character, Jack and his confederate Bushwalkar's famous-slave war. It is true that some blacks fought for Confederate there, in which before the attacker scouted Lawrence for the Quantory (who would suspect him?) Although this black rebel is a fascinating character (PC African-Americans may think about it), the film does not show the single black Union Infantryman, which was more responsive to the black experience in Western CW. One of the first black regiments of CNND was raised in Kansas (by the murderer Senator Jim Lane and the 54th Mass. Registry of Fame), and the role played by black soldiers in backstarter Sprions, KS such a war, was a critical one. <br /> <br /> Which historians No errors. Well, realistic actions, which are not inappropriate and gratuitous. Good directions This movie can not be Blockbuster, there was other recent civil war, but it is a clean work.
