Taiwan's director and Lee, whose previous films included 'Sense and Sensibility' and 'The Ice Storm', became the American Civil War for its latest feature. Based on a novel by Daniel Vadrell, it follows the exploitation of a group of southern guerrillas, who are known as Bushwalker, fight the Jivarkars in the North Battle of the North Battle of Missouri, west of Missouri. <br /> <br /> One's expectation is that there is a large number of vicious actions, but the focus is that the youth fought in this war - many of them fighting against their former neighbors and even family. Jack Riddle (Toby Maguire) is a man, or rather, boy, because he reached Missouri for seventeen years only. He is a German immigrant son, but his countryman follows and instead of being a unionist, he joins his boyfriend Jack Bull Chiles (Skit Ulrich) and the road with the Gulshadi. Despite lack of recognition due to his ancestors and his reluctance to involve in the murder of a ruthless union men, he is loyal to the cause. So his friend Daniel Hollt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave who was released by another Bushvakara and is fighting for the South. <br /> <br /> Lee records this issue, does not drive deep skepticism in the demand of conspiracy, bias towards action, and gives the idea of ​​the war to the reality of the war - for a long time, the gloom of annoyance and the intense warfare shines occasionally. The action is inappropriate and commendably candid, recognizing that both parties have done a great deal of torture. <br /> <br /> The performances are fantastic, Maguire and Wright are both bold and respected. Irish actor Jonathan Rice Mares is particularly prone to a cold blooded killer, although the Schitt Ulrich is enjoyable and arrogant. Lee never bursts from the reality of war, but it is an honorable act to show what is good to his actor - freedom of friendship, freedom of expression and freedom of the liberation of the oppressed people. The Devil the Devil is a beautiful and deep sympathetic film that regularly dazzles but always removes the audience.
