<br /> <br /> I saw it in Blockbuster in the future of Ang Lee's new movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" and thought I would try it. Usually I'm not watching movies in a civil war. Fortunately though, I had a good feeling about this director. This movie was amazingly written. The old southern style of the conversation, still not out of the cornily and out of the old words. Spectacular acting movies help in that aspect. Toby Maguire was awesome. I was good in Pleasantville (but nothing special), but he shines here. I always think of Scott Wilrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is excellent as well. There was a big shocker jewel for me. She was amazingly good. Jeffrey Wright, I've never heard of before, great in this movie too. It seems to me that great acting and great writing and hand-handed instructions. A movie about evil writing makes the actor bad and the opposite of the visa. This movie was the perfect combination. The spectacular appearance and character development of the actor is spectacular. This movie keeps you hoping for something good and bad things for others and hopes for. This lets you really know the characters, which are all very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex, and on the edge of your seat, you guess, and keeps ready for any time. In the literal sense several times I was certain that anyone who was killed in silent part of the movie was "very calm" (bright direction). It was a beautiful shot movie. The scene could not breathe (it's good for Missouri and Kansas) but it was clearly given attention to choosing great nature settings. That has rough and ugly feelings, but keeps a elegance, which keeps the eyes very entertaining. The movie was deep. It's a story telling and doing so you think. It was under the story of internal civil war. In particular, it centered around two characters that they were not sure about for what they were fighting for. There are many deep topics discussed in this film, many are selected. It was like a beautiful short story, which is full of symbolism and artistic fillings, after which the story ends and thinks later. If you want good acting, writing, lots of steps and sometimes any good directions, check out this movie! Take a chance at it.
