One of the less widely acclaimed low-profile action topics in recent Asian time is the first slow and often enthusiastic but overall fantastic awesome suggestion, exciting, layered and beautiful. I can say sadly that I do not know anything about Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and legends that the film is surrounded so deep into me, its profound meaning is lost on me, even without contextual knowledge it is still rich in renting, a traditional fantasy formation, dominant high level The story is Bennki, a warrior monk and possibly a giant who wants to gain knowledge by destroying the Gogo Bridge monster: Prince Shana also sought the death of his high-flying aircraft, but this time gave power to the demons. In this way, the film becomes a matter of illusion, and Benkei wants to become a suit, uncertainty, a conflict in which the real goal is to get self-knowledge, to Ben himself with his true nature, and Prince Shano to face his nature. Benckie has been more disturbed here that his dark nature makes him fundamentally impaired with the world, even when there is no open conflicts, he is never easy. Director Sogo Ishii has been operated as an epic of this, measuring speed, camera work is always stylish and often mad, without neglecting the extra fixed moments to make the work even worse, light and fog are also used for illumination. In the atmosphere, most movies have fanciful winds, but beyond a supernatural supernatural moment, it is a low and dirty fantasy, which is less than the fancy of the time with the flights. Mekto Watneb's cinematography is important, detailed and detailed here, a rich stimulus affair. Actor Diazuk Ray Bennky is as proud and powerful as mysterious barbarism, running as Prince Shawnana, being a cold ego. Madatoos are rounding up things as a common man, smart and senior among Nagesh's Leads, but they are still aware of them right away. The film fits well together but it is a touch flabby, it starts slowly, some shots are pulled out and the epic battle scenes go a long way more than required strictly. It is characterized as frenetic for the war, it has artistic effects, but it may be frustrating for regular performers fans, which often hide by objects, blades and fast moving people, their opponents flutter with the strength of the day, It's vivid to watch but ultimately I'm a little more traditionally We would have to work with. There are some unfortunate CGI bleeding, it works in some context but still confusing. Above all, although it is found as a beautiful movie, it is not for regular action fans or swords enthusiasts, rather than other Azimis, for deep and more mysterious animals, its end will not work well with more generic wing fans. Such as rentals But for myself it can really hit the spot and those who are more adventurously working for it too. Good recommendation at a rate
