Ogrey does not seem to have earned himself a great reputation after his release in 1988, and I think it might be the reason that it has been given the subtitle 'Demon 3' so that it helps sell good. . Well, the film is managed by Lamberto Bava; Humans behind the first two demos film, and the ogres and monsters are somewhat similar (both of them are 'monsters') ... but there is no connection to this film with the other two films. Well, rather good! Italian filmmakers are famous for hijacking popular films, and although it is not completely obvious; It seems to me that this one took a little bit from Hellraiser. The plot attracts a female horror writer, who takes her husband and son away from a fort in Italy. When he was scared by memories from a child and found his foundation lived in an ogre. It is not long before the castle is gone before it turns back ... and it can be more than just a restraint, because he believes that a killer is alive in the basement. <br /> <br /> The picture was probably shot in a budget and it was made for Italian TV, so expecting something extraordinary would be unrealistic; But for what it is, this is certainly a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava can not have his eyes fixed as a father of Mario; But it takes time to build a forecast atmosphere that really congratulates the film. Central setting, a large castle, makes it a perfect place for a story and Lamberto makes it the best; Even if it involves ripping off higher films at times; Such as the inferno-style pool scene. Plot itself is not as good in the atmosphere because most of the scenes are drawn far and the relation between the characters is rather strange (especially between husband and wife). Bloody is not a big deal, but Bava will have to work a little with special effects. Ogre itself looks really stupid and it is a good job that we will not often see it. We get warm from a fitting, if highly anticipated, finished and overall I say that this film is much better than expected and is recommended.
