No one has seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: "La Casa del Corso" Do not expect any ghosts because you will not find them here. This picture is not the third schedule of the "Demon" series, and it has nothing to do with it, in addition to Lamberto Bava ordered them. In fact, Michelle Tsovier's "The Church" is also known as an "Apocalypse 3" and it is also known as a deceptive title in that case, so go to the picture. It is clear that the "Demon" film is due to success; They tried to deceive the audience with a confusing title, although it is clear that it is a disconnected story. I think that, on the other hand, it is unfair, saying that the "La Casa del Orco" appearance is not worth it. Indeed, the film is quite atmospheric and although there are some strange sunny situations, I thought it was completely unclear. However, I think the story is trying to imitate Lucio Flori's "The House of the Cemetery". Of course, this is my idea, but I think I have valid evidence. For example, in both movies, the man of the Paolo Marco family, in both films, there is a boring little boy named Bobby in both films, the woman is a beautiful thirty thing in the house, who only seems to see a new room really wrong, and in both movies, really something There is really wrong in the basement. I'm sorry but I can connect both movies very easily and I'm not complaining. On the contrary, I say that those who enjoyed the "house by the cemetery" are probably going to enjoy this movie, of course, remember that "La Casa del Corso" is much less terrible, less scary, not nearly as atmospheric, but the formula is still There are. <br /> <br /> "La Casa delaro", Cherel, her husband Tom and their little boy, Bobby, is a holiday trip to an old holiday in the castle, an Italian villas heart named Trifiri. Shortly after their arrival, except for the beauty of the place, Cheryl has the feeling that he is there before, which is impossible, because he had never been with the Trophy before. Sadly, Charlie could not cross his daisa vu, and the worst part is his outlook, which comes after the terrible creature coming after him. Tom, who is not very patient at the beginning, enjoys leave without consulting and disguised leave. However, the outlook of women becomes more real and peace and quiet which they want to enjoy, suddenly becomes a nightmare. The old nightmare from Charles's childhood has become real and this time, he will not be able to escape before facing Mensing Agaar. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot is somewhat simpler and, consequently, it is difficult to fill one and a half hours. It means "La Casa Dell'Orco", along with some sequences, some more silence and image of the original character, walking around the fort for a few minutes, reviving his childhood images and nothing else. It gets rather tedious from time to time, but overall, it's nothing serious. Many Italian horror films have spread throughout the eight long, the film is quite stylish and effective, but it also gives strange moments of fun that the movie enjoys unforgettable. For example, instead of crying cruelly by her husband in her bedroom and instead of crying in my bedroom, she tries to face her face-to-face and face her face-to-face. . But the most interesting thing is, after two minutes, they are happy couples again, as if one of the natural things in the world is by snatching each other. I know it's stupid, but I find myself, it's absolutely sunny. Ogre (which is perhaps the fame of the story) at the same time feels intimidating and funny and faces it: A villain who can surprise us and make us laugh a bit, it is twice as welcome. It reminds me of "Thriller" Michael Jackson, but of course many more natural and human. But if I pay attention to the really good aspects mentioned earlier: Music is one of the high points of music by Simon Boswell and even if it is almost always the same, it fits perfectly and helps pull it into a rather dark atmosphere during the moment. So if I have to give my final statement about this movie, then I have to say that I can not help it to love it, minor errors and most people who enjoy these common Italian horror films at the end of the eight arrests, they won by one Do not be frustrated. It's all common and always got better, like a crazy old man, who speaks the true truth, like Foxi local lady who is considered to be a witch, is a terrible fortress, a terrible secret, and a huge dark basement with a huge secret. Try to prevent tourists with their enmity for those who stay away from infamy. I would say "La Casa del Corso" as a way to honor the hero of the story, your spouse has two thumbs and a punch. Take this movie for it and enjoy it.
