The product of the classic MGM musical production unit "Anchor Avest", and what is the whole movie enjoyable? Good music by Jul Stein and others, excellent dance and a fun well-read script by Gene Kelly (and even a good job by Frank Sinatra). The casting of Katrine Grayson is the only main element that means presence in a movie will always be an endless pseudo-operating war from the Petit Misses. <br /> The Kelly Navy has played Joseph Brady, a serviceman who was a mythological fame around the ship as a boyfriend, but whose valentine-skins were continually reduced by the name of the Central American named Cambers (Cinetra), with the presence of his Cox's Bazar friend. After receiving leave on 3 days to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find out a girl based on suspicious grounds that she gives him something to save her life. Draft by one of their policeman (Ragus Ragland), who wants to help a troubled young boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the navy, to return to "At Susan" (Grayson). At first it is Clansense who is interested in screaming "Anne Susan", but eventually appears as a possible candidate for Kelly's character. There are many standout musical scenes, but Kelly's more famous works do not come near "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". In a fantasy sequence of dance with Jerry, we have the closest sequence with the character of Kelly "Tom and Jerry" (though he feels closer to the size of the dog or cat than the mouse). It's a surprising sequence for its time but there is not enough complexity or emotion to really stand in the test of time. I actually enjoyed some part of the sequence before the animation, where Kelly semi-ballistic patch was to emphasize the transition of the world of fantasy and where we saw it that it saw a tunnel dancing that "Alice" <br /> <br /> <br Finally, the characters find the way to Suzanne's favorite bar, some of the Sanitized Mexican restaurants / bars in Tijuana. There the patrons gladly permit Mrs. Grace to leave her aria, and the management became very excited (with a light ridiculous touch) to play with Clarence and Joe's "friend" José Iturira. Of course they have never met their "friend" Itituri and they spent most of the length of the film to try to reach him (Sinitra fills Eitur, but he misses the piano tuner and leaves him tuning piano and professional career), studio and Hollywood Sticky in the bowl, where Itcherabi has a dozen young piano players Is doing an exaggerated Symphony practice? You do not see anything like this "1000 fingers of Dr.". Ittabby itself is the story god? He represents the opportunity of hard work and the opportunity to get rid of fame and artistic achievement for the hero. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as m It will be the story of Mrs. Graceon, its operating career will be real. 3 The initial character is frustrated to reach him and they think of him as a distant and remote mythical image? Most of the film's charm and humor come from the opposite side of the idea of ​​"real" method of the world's very low world. And while talking about Itabu's contribution to the film, he also supplied very excited musical moments with the interpretation of Orchestra of "Garh Serenade". <br /> <br /> When everything is said and done, then it is a movie that nobody enjoys musical miss to miss. Most of the music was written for this film, a nice contrast for the reelforcing soundtracks like "Rain" and "American" for other Kellys. Kelly at her first dramatic, adventure and passionate both her interpretation of her dance and character. Sinatra's voice was never in good shape and was very good to sing. Graceon's character is respectful when Stockwell is an impressive link to the group, and is not posturing on stage. Iturbi adds that the well-known but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the classic-style MGM musical environment and style. This is one of the better ones.
