My opinion, though, is that it is one of the lesser musical instruments of star Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Catherine Grayson and director George Sidney, the line-up that reduces the integrated feature, as well as the line-up <br / > <br /> Synetra and Kelly Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady respectively followed two naval battles. As the film begins, they have reached the Los Angeles area for the most important holidays. Planned to visit a girlfriend named Brady. Doolittle is still a bit wet behind the ears, deservedly enough, and Bradley's personal (public, script writer Isobel Lennart and Sydney's all navy men have charmingly exchanged their happiness with women) to ask for advice. Brady promises to help Dulitake get the hook up, but primarily because Dulitle will not leave him alone. Local police mainly compels them to assist a young boy who is afraid of the Navy when they have a plan. He will not give any information about where he is or where he is. Brady helps and she and Doolittle's last son take home back. The boy's guard Susan Abbott (Greson) finally shows, Dulitle is gaga for her. Brady tried to convince her to forget her; Brady just wants to get back to Lola. But they are returning to Abbott's home and ultimately some of the triangle forms of love. When a famous musician, Jose Iturry, who lives in a movie studio's house and knows that Brody is false about Dulit, has set up an audition for singer and actress Abbott in front of Dulilit Ebberi. Because of the story, the music is a weird combination of Milliastrich Music - in the context of the Navy, apparently, Broadway pop - they sing the opera in more informal settings, how wonderful is the character of Opera - Abobot, popular classical like Libertas - what is it? Did and Mexican music - because Abbott LA is surrounded by a Mexican restaurant in Mexico's Mexican department, a Ron combination may not work as well. The songs are quite good, and everyone involved is truly talented as a singer or composer, but the success of continuity loses the accompaniment. Worse, there is a couple exhibitions for Itibi, which was apparently a big star, which effectively suspends the plots and at the time it seems more than a little more than hockey. Robert Altman's Kansas City (1996) has outstanding music that I saw in another film, but that confusedly stopped the plot to turn into a concert film. Anchor Aweigh takes a similar technique. Yes, it is a musical instrument, but there is a difference between the songs which are an integral part of the plot and concert which seems to be the contractual obligation element. <br /> <br /> There are some plot problems. It has not been established very well, why not follow the example of Brady W. Abbott. We can assume that Brody thinks that Doolittle should not be involved with anyone who takes care of any child, and who seems to be "correct" and traditional, but on the other hand, Brady might say that Dulit does not have the same type. Brady admits herself that the femimming nature. Abbott seems to be good fit for Dulitul, and more, Lennard works hard to find that Brady wants to get dulituts just outside of her hair and wants to meet Lolla - it seems that Bradley's character must be quick to close a dualal, whether she is a good Fit or not It may seem a minor detail, but it is actually about one third of the plot half. The story seems to be drawn a bit. Length is a problem. Anchor avi, the clock should have been cut by at least a half hour, about two hours and twenty minutes. <br /> <br /> It seems like I'm complaining about this movie a lot. I wanted to see what I just wanted to do as the error, because the conventional wisdom on the anchor Aweigh is very close to the idea that it has no errors. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separately and together. They introduced good, attractive performance. Cintra shows and is younger than 29 years old? 30 when shooting. He plays the role of an unusually harsh, virgin character - completely different from the roles that he later will, and is different from his official image as a croner. For Kelly, this is her successful film, and so precisely. Her dance style is different and impressive, as her acting. Grayson charming, its performance is understated sophistically, and he's simply pretty fantastic. This helps to override flaws with all the scripts and drag-out pacing. <br /> <br /> And even a very interesting element which arises only because Sidney has been allowed to spread on a large variety of moods - Jerry the Mouse (with "Tom and Jerry" fame) an extraordinary fantasy sequence with the infamous Kelly Dance It is one of the first examples of live action and animation mixing and it's a fantastic fan as you are very well and enjoyable. Fantasy sequences tend to be the best of the film. Geri the Mouse is excited to dance with Jerry the Mouse, a long song and dance called Kelly and Graceon, where Abt is imagining a scene from Bradie's film, when he knows him, physically bring acrobatic stunts to reach him. She is standing on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> As the film is as uneven and faulty, it is quite successful and entertaining for viewing. The classic musical favors must of course not miss Anchor Aviche, and fans of the synagogue should not be able to get quite out of their character.
