Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors, who have holidays on the four-day shore of Hollywood. Girls know everything about girls and can not wait to see Lola, Clarence fox and need some advice from her friends to meet the girls, then they ran for Donald Martin, a little boy who ran away to join the navy. They take her home and meet her beautiful aunt Susan, who wants to be a singer. Clarence wants to be the daughter of Cecilia, but her shyness goes in the way. But he does not feel ashamed of the waitress, who came from Brooklyn, just as he did. At São Joe's notice, he loves Susie. The guys are okay when they lie to meet Shusi. A big time music producer they did not even know. They have a fix with their feelings. George Sidney's Anchor Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Gene Kelly's song and dance, again, is the top notch Routine Sinatra Brooklyn is as horrible as the shy guy. Shine is the first thing that seems to be when Frank Sinatra, but he plays his part well. Superb as Casinine Grayson Susan Abbott We sadly lost the talented actress and the operatic Sopron singer at the age of 88. 9-year-old Dean Stockwell has done amazing work as a little interested in becoming a sailor. José Itabby performed his work. What it does with the piano is magic. Adger plays police station police station Kennedy. Voice of Sarah Burner Jerry Mouse This movie has a lot of great things and some excellent singing and dancing numbers. Only Kelly and Sinatra are seeing "we hate to hate". It's very energetic. "If you know Susie (I know Susie)" is quite funny. This is a wonderful moment when Frank will sing Brahma's song 'Deal Stockwale is a little Lulu. Graceon's song "Ehari" is beautiful to hear singing. The most memorable sequence is to be taken to the animated fantasy world, and there Jean Jesse is singing with the mouse and dancing. Tom Cats can also be seen as Butler. They are basically the Kid Mickey Mouse but they refused. The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stall got one for the score of the original score. Anchor Away High Class Class Entertainment
