Two young young sailors at the Anchors Away watched Joe Joe Brady (Jail Kelly) and Clarence Dulit / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra) four days away on vacation. Girls, especially Joe's Lola, especially Joe's Lola, attracted to Joe and Brooklyn in a break between the two naval penguins Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his aunt Soi (Catherine Grayson). Irrelevant to the ways of women and couples, Brooklyn quickly helped Joe win a pair of aunt Susie. However, however, Joe finds herself falling for the gallery within her best friend. How is Brooklyn going to take this betrayal? And Joe ends with Sussie, who loves him very much? <br /> <br /> I saw Anchors Avei on the first and second time, I also saw at the same time that I am going to the Town, Kelly / Sainatra. Since 1949. Both times I felt that Achievers Awayy was a good movie in terms of plot and framework - all dance and songs fits in the moment of the plot and they develop characters and stories instead of resisting them. Yet, both of them felt that the Town is a fairly good film. Now both movies are being viewed third time, I still stand that judgment. However, as a movie and a part of recreation, only lighter, gayer, purely and simply * happy *. Numbers are more harmful and less intrusive for the plot, and still it works better than any other dance and more than gaining. I'm not sure why this is so. Generally the logic is that the next film is too long: around half an hour, it is certainly a legitimate criticism. I have seen the first two times I have seen! However, this is a movie that grows to you - as soon as you see it, it sounds as low and as soon as you appreciate its technical expertise with its efficiency. And yet, some are not just hanging together. It is almost felt that the script was paraded and * every * was mentioned at a single moment when Kelly could dance or break in the music of the song, and it happened exactly the same. A musical number was given no chance of shoehorn ... and perhaps it is the film's biggest weakness. Whether it is number 16 (to take or take a few), and how big a fan is in Kelly or Sainat, it actually starts a quiet mood after a while. (For example, compare it to ten numbers.) You might think that every song, every dance, can not be found out of the film without its lack ... and it is true. But for that reason the authors were not much restrained in their first place. <br /> <br /> This long promotion does not mean that there is nothing good about anchors. Kelly and Sinatra ('We hate to leave,' 'I requested her' and 'If you knew Suzie'), all the songs like Duvets were spread. 'Make the Sunset', 'The Chamber', and above all, 'I fall very easily'), and always without doubt, inventive always, Kelly's exciting dance. It's also hard to miss with a cast of this qualification. Grayson looks sweet and enhanced each visit (his voice is terrifying rather stunning); The role of José Itury was written sympathetically and he did a great job with it; Even Clarence's own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, beautiful and cute ... As far as the Getra can go to Betty Garrett without herself! Sinatra plays adorable, and innocent child with his blue eyes and his curls (a role he remakes in Taun). His songs are, as usual, simply faultless from restraining through timing and phrasing. Her single number might seem a little tense, but when you've got a century's voice, it seems that it's one of the best reasons to reduce the film! <br /> <br /> Kenny's mere talent in this movie is worthy of her own paragraph. Billing third, behind Sinatra and Graceon, Anchor Away is actually Kelly Film. Her Joe Brady is a credible, real character - she is willing to tell out the difficult, glitch and a girl out of the woods when needed to lie, but she's actually the biggest softy inside. Kelly made this charming rather than closing, but the jog with a loud shout aloud loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly pushed it down. And * Dance * - Again, the film "affects most of the good things" affects the syndrome, as it happens with the song of Sinatra. But again, if Jean Kelly is doing softshoea, or a sailor's apparel tapping across the screen or the bandit is decorated as the chief ... but it may be wrong for too much work! All of Kelly's dances are excited, with her tap number 'Highest Begood' with Senator, her 'Mexican hat dance', sweet shiny little girl or her sculpture Spanish-influenced dance, with its simplicity of note number available. La Kamperesita '. Of course, the rest of the classics in the mind of the audience will be kelly in the red, white and blue sailboat suit, which will dance with Jerry's fame of 'Tom and Jerry'. Make a well-known golden film memory, make sure that you can not influence it by the special effects of a film made in 1945 by providing the synergies of CGI in the contemporary movie market. But Gel and Jerry still looks cool, Kelly always strikes her spots and she looks exactly where she needs to look. It can be only Kelly (cover girl) and a cartoon animation that can only be with Gene Kelly. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This first bold, innovative Kelly keeps a place for film history and access to Aviër, and the classic film Buff's heart. But it is notable as the first of three Kelly / Cinematograph films, and although many draw-outs, it is still a huge couple of entertainment Look at it first, again and again - if you understand it, it will grow to you! 7.5 / 10
