At the end of the decade and early in the decade of 1990, there was an extraordinary cinematic incident of the Oscars, which went on to play physically or mentally helpless characters. The first was the award of "Ledger of a Laser God" by Marley Matlin in 1986, and another "Best Actress" Award in the next ten years (the 1994 "Piano" for Holly Hunter) and less than five "Best Actors" Award in 1988 " Rain Man ", Daniel Day-Lewis," My Left Foot "in 1989," Al Pacino "," Al Pacino "," Forrest Gump ", and Geoffrey Rush in 1994 for Tom Hans's Inactive Pictures in 1994. "). Matlín, who played Deaf Women, is himself deaf, but others are all capable. <br /> <br /> This incident sparked some hostile comments at that time, advised that these awards were given more for political correctness than acting quality. In 1994, when Jodie Foster failed to win "Best Actress" for "Nell", some people saw this as a reactionary evidence against the screenplay. But I think, most of these awards were totally deserved. I think the 1992's award has gone to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey instead of Casino, but the only one I disagreed with was that, and it was because I liked the performances of "Madness of Nigel Hathorn" King George "The film is a character who was mentally ill." <br /> <br /> "My left leg" Irish writer and painter Christie Brown autobiography Brown was born in 1931. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen children of the Dublin family, who was born with cerebral palsy and was first thought to be mentally ill as well as ill, who had long been unable to deliberately move or lecture, but eventually Discovering that he is controlling the movement of one part of his body, his left leg (hence the title) He learned to write and draw chocolate pieces in the middle of his toes, and became a painter and a novelist and a poet. <br /> <br /> In the clashing class of Dublin between 30 and thirty, the life of Dublin can be difficult, and the City Jim Sheridan (Dublinar himself) shows us here that it gradually gradually, our normal idea of ​​"normal isle" From (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated with another film with an Irish theme, "In the name of Father"). Against this, of course, the joy and spirit of his people must be set, especially the Brown family. Most of the success of Christianity was due to his parents' support, who refused to allow him to institutionalize and always believed in the ill-concealed intelligence from his exterior and secretly his brothers. We see how his brother intensified him in a specially made cart, and how he helped his back father Christ build a room behind them. <br /> <br /> The film can easily penetrate into feelings and just end up with another heart-warming film "Victory over disaster". This is not due to several reasons, mainly acting great. During his career, Day-Lewis has done a number of excellent performances, but his best is to combine with the current "Will Bay Blad". He is not 100% less believable like Christ; In his persecution, shocking movements and strong efforts in the sentence, we were told that we are really seeing a handicapped person, although knowingly, we know well that Day-Lewis is able. Other performances are his counselor from Fionar Shaw. Christine's mother (as she won the "Best Supporting Actress" award) from Aileen Cole, Hugh O'Conner's young Christian and Brenda Fricker. <br /> <br /> Another reason why the image escapes from the feeling of emotion, it does not try to impress its main character. Christie Brown had a difficult life, but she could be hard to live with, and the film gives us a "warts and all" portraits. He offered a heavy alcoholic, cruel language and prone to the explosion of anger. He is also surrounded by those who can be selfish and fascinating, and the film shows us all aspects of his character. Of course, it also shows our positive aspects - his courage, his determination, and his misconceptions of humor. Day-Lewis's performance is not only physically unreliable, it inspires us to believe in its character's inability, but empowers it emotionally and wisely, so that it expresses all these aspects of Christ's character. Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh had some strong opposition teeth to his Oscars, but it was very good. 8/10
