Jackie Chan's classic directorial feature Paulis Streee (1985) is the most influential and modern day modern day police employee who came out of Hong Kong. Jackie just wanted to create a movie that would include normal Kung Fu and more deadly gun and other "urban" actions, which would later become very popular and ideal among hack managers like John Woo and Rango Lam. Policy Story combines these two action elements and styles and the result seems wild. <br /> <br /> A police named Jackie Chan Ko-Qi, who will protect an important witness (Bregut Lin), who soon witnessed a strong gangster boss and criminal activity against his ring. Jackie Girlfrend played by young and sweet Maggie Chung, who in his next roles, Solar of the Soul Many by Heric Trio (and Segel), Jonny Too, Corey Eunen, and David Lie and Solar Policy Story is very easy, but this is why this image was first created. <br /> <br /> <br /> Jackie must have done all the stunts of his character himself and hit himself very badly. Some of the scenes, which are finally in the ending film, in which Jackie shreds his head (in front of the eye) with a glass of sharp speckles. Jackie Stunt's team members also killed themselves almost during the filming of this film. The bus is closed in front of Jackie, the view pushes the abductors through the windshield, the bus gets damaged very quickly and the stunts do not fly as much as they are supposed to. They were about to fly in a car parked in front of the bus but their flight was too small and they hit the stalks of hospital level injuries. During the last achievement, the scene of these injured actors is behind imagery and images, and it is all bad and almost lost, but fortunately nobody dies or is seriously injured. <br /> <br /> can be expected as a lot and fantastic (action) director Chan. So far, the legendary live scene and shopping mall scene has been able to provide any action film. How Jackie is always making important edits (which is true) and it really shows in his action scene and his time is perfect, and it shows when movies show that it is too much of speed compared to Hollywood's efforts. There is no slow moment here and these moments are interesting and the film is never going to be annoying or difficult. <br /> <br /> But again a negative point that I can not stand on the Hack Action Commodity, which is this comedy itself. The comedy is not funny, especially when the screenplay is wrong and the amateur elements are not accidentally there but the authors wanted to add them there, they necessarily realize that they are bad scripts and signs of silly dialogue I mean, when the scenes of incisive murders start at the beginning, the murderer screams shouting and screams like some drunken clothes, and he "kills" the girl. This type of acting is stupid and inactive and I do not want to see a film which is otherwise very great in its own genre. Characters speak their thoughts as a sign of bad script because it "loud thinking" clears things just for the obscure audience and thus makes things very simple and "light". Although film comics are not very serious, such stupidity should not be there and they can not be easily forgiven. <br /> <br /> The police story is a fast speed, full impact, the action of the wall is a miracle of Hong Kong adventure, and from that time when Jackie became very sad, The Rancheras produced in the US, because director James Glycanehaus Like this film did not have the same idea and consequently please the visitors' and Jackie and he was more personal and innovative Hong Kong returned to ilma. He definitely did and the result was now as wild as today 80's. It will sometimes be among the most insane action films, and I will be somewhat perfect without the errors mentioned. 7/10
