Despite Shakespeare's bar behind Bar's content there was a wonderful raising documentary. Legens, Kentucky, who raped, murdered, etc., did the Convicts in the Luther Lacetry Correctional Complex ?? And surrounded by bad people in a badly depressed environment, they find something that really enjoys and can celebrate in important, popular and acting. Their institutional form comes from 'Shawshank Redemption' and there are similar themes for searching for forgiveness and liberation for their past life. We follow a liberal, non-judicial director who, in a selected game of William Shakespeare, leaves his time each year to point out certain detainees (at this time, 'Tempest', which was cleverly portrayed with the prisoners related to him With regard to his sharp focus on forgiveness and release, which they believe and related) we each actress I presented a formal interview with them break nicely punahsansodhanera contain leakage. The reason why every actor has their own stories and their regrets and melancholic music on each of a traditional documentary sense is because they have psychological fashion. The most powerful and most respected prisoner (it seems) is Sammie. The director quickly realized that Sammy (and later, Hal) was in the most attractive prison and allowed for more deep observation between humans and his personality. Her appearance is felt on the screen and her personal publication comes as a shock for the audience, but her emotional personality makes her such appeal and she feels special sympathy. Hall is similar to the beginning of the photo. He did not pass the time to show up as a comfortable hobby as some other subject which he runs in a time news broadcast program. Again, Halal's personal signature and publication of self-recognition (and shining the light body language nicely, his uncertain hand movement ties can be seen not only with him but also with others), especially his heart is uncertain and afraid of the true sex of society, which After that, he would not accept him as a homosexual because later he was in the film where he did it Most who have been grateful and dissatisfied with other prisoners involved in the game, especially Ron, who already has a frustrating temperament to his performance. The relationship between all the prisoners involved in the game is shown as one of respect and unity for them to achieve something bigger. Beautiful (if not clichéd) speed with the title etc with time ?? Everything seems right within the first law, and then becomes up to the public's effectiveness, things go wrong wrongly. An actor is being transferred and his character is a new narrative being replaced by a new prison, which describes a great mistress in the big promises, but ultimately disappoints everyone and does not fulfill their expectations. In particular, a rebel (Big-G) new catalog has expressed a clear desire to foster the actor (Rick) in his favorite habit, and hopefully he has become a good role model. The picture can fit the emotion of each category in such a way that it can be related to the audience, especially when Rick is kept in 'Hole' for getting new tattoos (some scenes in the movie before, when Warden closes a random prisoner) and asked him When he got a tattoo on his hand and we know it is punishable offense) and Bigg B It is understood deeply disappointment. A happy ending When they are performing successfully (even being invited to perform somewhere else) and it looks great in a sense of true unity around them, in the end, the film has brought everyone back to the world that it is short-lived and whatever they wanted or wanted, and always from them Will be taken away They have returned to prison to pay for their crimes and they do not want a freedom fighter to perform these plays, they will not be free people, their proud performance and recognition are less because they want to reduce the number of criminals to a shot of a long corridor There is a great suspension in the lifting music that closes the lights and closes the door It is a powerful image of their oppression. The director was aware that he was watching the favorite people in the documentary by giving additional information from the end of the film to the end of the film from the end of the film and that they are now about what is going on in the end of the film.
