This one, and CRAJJY Like movies, I am very sad about American movies about homosexual issues. Apart from the exception of Parting Glanses and Brokeback Mountain, there are several notable American films such as The Bubble, with deepness and sincerity in the film. This picture is based on Israel and Palestinian two men Noam and Ashwar. Their relations are complex due to the tension between the Jews and Arabs of Israel. Couples will struggle at the initial stage of their relationship, who will call later, or who will say "I love you" Noah and Ashar's primary love for suicide bombing, armed security check points and complexity by racism Although Noam's friends acknowledge and like hopes like Arab, it is clear that most of Tel Aviv's citizens are not likely to be. <br /> <br /> At the most sensitive moment and many of the film is present at the time of production of "Bent" of Noah and Ashraf. We, as a movie passenger, saw their game play, and among them the effect was deeply captured in their eyes. And finally, this touching moment is played very sadly in the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> Wahd Nola and Yusuf 'Joe' are awesome like Noam and Ashara. Director Itan Fox Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Juliet is brilliant in creating a curiosity and fascinating reconstruction. And although most movies today are sex in them, (almost as a sport), it again turns to love and emotional reconciliation and goes back to sexual versions. It is so refreshing. Refreshing the two gay men being portrayed as a non-cartoon. This movie has cartoon characters. It just does not have to be two gay guys for change. This site somewhere I remember reading a comparison between this movie and "friends". Not really good. Yes, these young characters are stumbling through their first uncomfortable steps in adults and relationships. But I do not think of "blurred" as a backdrop in the lines of "Friends" insights story lines. <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. It has heart, and heartbreak. And love love story love. But it is not entirely the unmatched glory of the bloom. Still, it's a very satisfying movie to see.
