This image is full of imagery of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers one from Tel Aviv and another Nablus. They have a border, and are present everywhere with the Israeli army and Palestinian militants everywhere are present with their bombs. The situation is awkward enough. We can imagine the love of this huge love trap. But the film has two more boyfriends, Naum of the fabulous oil aviv, and Ashraf of Nabalas, and the more light year goes forward. To be homosexual, oil is accepted in Avia. It's off limits in Nablus. Contradiction between the two communities, the conflict between the two communities doubles in two communities. But if the war does not bring any extra level, it may even be alive. Ashraf's sister is going to marry a militant worker in Nabal! Ashraf finally told his sister about being gay. He can not accept it, but then he accepts for speaking. From the marriage itself, the married husband sends the command of the oil aviv to bomb the bomb. It was seriously injured in a cafe in Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam. Bad enough. The Israeli army sent a commando to Nabalus to arrest the person responsible for the attack, but it was killed on the street and he killed a newlyworn wife. The funeral follows the marriage. Husband and widow volunteers for suicide bombs. Ashraf volunteers take his place. The exiled lover returned to Avi and killed some to take revenge for his sister. He came in some of the friends of Noam's operated diner. But Noah came out to see him and talk to him. Ashraf came back in the middle of the road and when he reached the road, he exploded a bomb. Revenge of the death of two lovers revenge We thus have a dual conflict but we do not have Prince of Verona, a neutral character that can impose peace, even worse, that the Prince chose the parties and wanted to stay with Israel. The game is completely false and confirmed on both sides of the death. But the impossible love level is even stronger because it is twice the size of a play in the film, a game that shows love in Auschwitz, two prisoners, one yellow star and the other is the pink triangle. Both of these are strikingly strong and breathtakingly gays: gay love in Auschwitz. The film comes out that Tel Aviv or Nabalas are impossible on love. Thus, this film of Palestine conflict is not possible, although it can not have any reason despite its thousands of reasons. Long ago Britain should not have let us face this region with us. Today we have to find a solution in which no one will be humiliated. If everyone comes together to find a permanent solution, it will only be able to succeed. But so far everyone is trying to avoid common contradictions and discussions that favor bilateral manipulation. Therefore, suffering will prevail and love will be banned; Of course there is no sex due to children's need for war: so let's collect more small soldiers. But love is just an additional landline idea. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques Collardou, University of Paris Dufin and University Paris 1 Panthenian Sovereign
