For Israel's director Itan Fox and for his films, which describes the life of the Middle East and describing the underlying problems of gay people in this region is not difficult. At the same time, he gave voice to the young generation, and their extraordinary parts, who really need peace and who do not want to send any further war notice, so that both of Israel identify the presence of people in Palestine. . For this reason, in my opinion, it is enough to consider Fox as a significant director, even when his feelings for melodram are beyond control. But this new feature of his film, (he comprehended Gaul Yukovsky, his producer, co-photographer and teammate with life partner), is surrounded by the same successes and water of Yassi and Jaggir previous to the Bubah (HA-BUAH). Announced as the contemporary gay version of "Romeo and Juliet", in present-day India, instead of Tel Aviv, Verona and two Shakespeare young lover have two men (one Israeli and another Palestine), the film is actually different from that, well, it is something else. In fact, the title bubble is one of the world, which Fox is the leading people run by regular Ohad Nola (Yosi and Jagger's Yossi), Noum, but I must admit that Jagraj, wonderful Yehuda Levi!) And his two co-tenants, a man and a Girl, chose to live. Almost 30 years old, unstable, malicious and strong (despite a hero, only spent a period of time as a national service on a checkpoint at the border with Palestine) to make a living that is not only for warfare. The two boys have established a triangle alongside the lesbian and girl, where they love brotherhood and support each other. Nayam Ashraf (TV star Yusuf 'Joe' Sweden) is determined to change their lives while coming to live with Tel Aviv with a young Palestinian. As far as effective law is neglected within the community, there is no desire to help a friend. But it will not be easy for Noam and his friends, because Ashraf is secret in Israel and his family who live in Palestine and do not know that he is gay, he is very nice waiting for his marriage, who is Ashraf's favorite sister is a relative of a subject, Who is a terrorist and he will take firm commitment to the development of the plot, which results in two men Not. Discrimination against homosexuality and peace (interesting duality, if not automatic) frustrates and so tragedy is essential. If films prevail, however, they do not ignore the relationship between Noah and Ashraf, but it does not ignore other characters, which are well-written (for example, Goenle, Yelli's boyfriend, Nom's fellow hired, beef presented as living, and then a sweet and more open psychologist As expressed) and properly edited (in addition to the two leads, we have fun zubair liba and gang sune Lady Daniela Vatkajar can not be ignored; However, late Mararaj star Liar Akhnajani will appear as a chemo himself). It melds gloomy tones with more brighter ones, even if the director can not do without a melodramatic conclusion. I saw this movie a month ago and in this I often think about it, there is a proof of an attack on Fox and his flock house.
