I'm currently on vacation in Israel for the summer, and so was able to see this incredible film. Before I started writing I have warned the warning: I speak sensey Hebrew, so the Hebrew parts were not a problem; However, about a quarter (a little less) of the movie is in Arabic, and I did not understand the bit of this subtitle bit. I did not refrain from my understanding of this picture, but let me miss some jokes, which creates some strong smiles in the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American film, many congratulations as a homosexual movie and the best year for the relationship, it really takes something special to stand on the head and shoulders on the rest; Yet, "Bubble" surpasses everyone, including excellent acting, hostile dialogue, and a combination of relevant political climate. <br /> <br /> The photo opens at a checkpoint on the Israel-Palestinian border; For the first few moments, we are not sure about the kind of movie we have been going on. Yet, this film's power is an important element. The political situation, and the extreme tension of air is always in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv acts as the protagonist of this photo. It is constantly referenced. The street name and restaurant name are constantly exchanged. Skylines and city development have been severely criticized and finally the city is developed with the film. The film focuses on love between Naum (Ohad Nola) and Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yusuf Joe 'Swedes). Obviously and Palestine serve as a constant foil. We always know that their relationship is prohibited, and it rarely creates a sense of urgency in the presence of the movie. Love is incredibly strong, and stands as the centerpiece of the film. Secondary relationships and friendship are equally strong: the relationship between Gully restaurant owner Yelli (Youssef 'Joe' Sweden) Ultra-buch and Goal Goalie Solider, Golan (Johor Lib), especially entertainment sources. Lots of love scenes in this movie are all fine, fine artwork and the film's first love scene, the camera is a male character, Lulu (Danielea Virtzer), and floating in a shot of Noah and Ashraf. Many people see this shot that viewers understand the expression of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> It will be a tragedy to leave more stories, but will know that many political pressures and tragedies touching the current political political climate, so I will instead pay attention to the malicious dialogue. Even when I saw this movie in my second language, I could not laugh at all. Among the most fascinating lines, gay suicide bombers accept the virgin woman or man of heaven and include Samson's similarity to the Bible as the world's first suicide bomb. This dialogue shows a special sense of purity and reality which is rarely seen in the film. The music used in the film is particularly strong. Songs are used only when characters can legally or hear, and in one case the music becomes weak when a character removes one earphone and stops while moving the other. Such small elements really make the film grow. <br /> <br /> I could not recommend a film more; It is a fantastic work of cinema which is cathartic and very well-made.
