what should I say? Because the Americans were so bad because the cutting of America was so bad you can recognize the intrinsic fortune of it. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the American theater (along with the newly released Blu-ray Disc version), it has been changed from H. faster than faster and intense, background musics to all dark, serious HK musics hip-hop musics; And there was a lot of nasty scenes cut. However, Dubbing was a noteworthy task that she tried to capture the voice and genre of the original actor. However, the problem is that the film is designed to be a hack hat (black mask) and it is dark, scary, very annoying and completely scary. Unfortunately, the US Liberation War only shrunk the cream they wanted, resulting in the final transformation of the film completely changed (the release rate of HK was 18+) more ridiculous and amateur <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about the release of HK. This film is like a hidden gem, the entire "matrix" tide and a prototype of the era. The war scene was completely awesome, and even the camera work was one of the "old-school" hacks movies. However, the style of the film was a unique mix of kung fu and pop culture. With all skin, black costumes and decorations, this film combines a Batman-like superhero with a black mache against Run-The-D-Mill-Gang, a multinational super-solder under a punk heavy metal rock star boss. Yes it sounds like a disabled child's imagination, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares that combines foreigners against bloody wars in skin coats. In 2002, they created a sigl, which had a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the main characters of the movie and had strong personalities and interesting friendships. And what did Francois Ipe say? His round house kick was completely calm, even Wilson was cooler than the boss because he did not use Stuntman for the war. Did I mention he was smoking hot? However, there are a lot of choices about the movie. <br /> <br /> However, the film suffers from many problems. First of all, this is a middle script of its best potential, which means that a good screenwriter deserves this production team. There's a lot of climax in the entire 100 minutes, but they often feel distant and do not fully listen to the audience (the American version was even worse because all the characters' development was cut). However, you can not ask a lot more from a comic-inspired action movie. Also, this movie is totally inappropriate for children. If you are under 20, I will not recommend you. It is related to boring stuff, including blood, gore, saad-maso clothing, extreme cruel violence etc. Along with the film style, it can be called the wet metal rock music fans and wet dreams for action fans. (Cutting the US was light, but if you want to see it, see it for HK release.) 7/10. Status: Inspirational, Hidden, Deprecated, Adult.
