David Linch's first film was praised on the Straight Story Release in 1999, which McAbough and regularly ignores regular themes. Based on the journey of one person's real story and the 66th edition of John Diar to see his troubled brother, it is a strange story to direct Lynch on the first glance. Yet with the development of the story you can see some of the Lynch trademark motifs. <br /> <br /> Lynch's attention to America and its residents was still as prevalent as the blue velvet or twin pix, but the most notable difference is that the oddity is reduced. The prohibited restriction means that one of the few live action movies in this movie is a significant congratulatory one that I can consider to be one of these features. Incredibly notable, these films have proven that beautiful and notable family films can be produced. <br /> <br /> The straight story was the first feature which was directed by Lynch, where he had no hands in his hand. It was a huge negative point for many Lynch fans. Almost universally acclaimed, James Broadse's only overwhelming negative review of filmcritic.com focuses on the criticism that it is not a common literate film. "Lynch struggled in the style of a G-rated story that is not his own." Brandez claims, his hero Alvin Strait directly quoted the line from "Confucious." He argued that stories are weak and dialogue is even worse. Yet this is the only criticism that many will read for the movie. Although it is true that it is not Linchen in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - Stret Story featured a different aspect of Lynch, which is not terrible in any way. If you are a litch fan, it is important to separate the part of the lint with this feature. <br /> <br /> The story is slow and thoughtful, which gives you the true concept of travel time, its destination. Alvin constantly reminds him about his past and his relationship with his wife, child and his brother. Yet there is not any flashback that is particularly significant, which only adds to the effect, which reminds me of my conversation with my grandparents. The conclusion comes as a viewer watching the boat ride down the slow-moving river and it's nice to see it. America's natural landscapes combine with the beautiful soundtrack of Angelo Badulente and eager to go to America. Their role of performance is excellent with every actor credible and Richard Farnsworth is particularly nice. His Oscar nomination was highly deserved and it was a shame that he did not win. Regardless, it is probably the best Swan-song for any actor. <br /> <br /> In the straight story, Lynch's complex story or trademark dialogue does not have any trait, but the film is an amazing childhood study and it is highly recommended!
