Who would think that a man who shows his brother's picture hundreds of miles away to look after his brother, could he possibly be a good movie? I certainly do not. I thought what to expect: The most annoying experience in my life. Well I was wrong because I still have not done much wrong, because it is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I've ever seen ... <br /> <br /> "Short story" Not difficult It is an old and vivacious man, who walks slowly and slowly slowly and gradually, gradually, gradually, step by step on his lawn wax. It is already special, but it makes it more special that he did not see his brother in ten years with some foolish reasoning. He has already shared his fortune and fate, but he also meets people whose life he has influenced his philosophical view of life in one way or another. Even after so many hardships he has been moving for weeks, he does not know how he will achieve his goal: his brother is seen again before he is too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why there are people who Not like this movie and that's why I will not say that there is nothing like these people's hearts or things ... this movie does not have any dazzling step view, it's slow driving as lawn madar And second, you will see that it is not good for the soundtrack, there is no reason. But why should you see it? Well, easy answer is the story. I have not seen such a powerful story with such a powerful movie and it really comes from Hollywood - and even Disney Studios (which is right, similar studios that make our sugar sweet meaning) make it even more special. I was not ashamed to see tears in my eyes several times, because probably because of the foolish arguments, the entire situation of seeing someone for many years for many years is very practical for me. <Br /> <br /> Some people will argue that the story is very shallow, but I really do not agree with it. Perhaps it is because they drive only that old man in his lawn and do not want to think of anything else. If you look very close, you can understand that this person is doing this because he knows that he once went wrong, his pride was only on the way to meet his brother again and he wants everyone else to see him. So they will not make the same mistake. If not enough, how deep would you be for any story? <br /> <br /> I really like to add this picture to it. Some scenes of beautiful scenery (finally an American film that shows something other than the sky in New York City, Chicago or any other major city), Richard Farnsworth, is very well played by CC Spas ... And despite this, a very intelligent way to say is actually a David Lynch Movie I now realize that I was totally wrong to say that this movie will not taste anymore. This is the best movie I've seen for a long time. This movie is targeted for my heart and hit the bull's eye. I give it a full 10/10.
