Based on the life of a British Empire, it is difficult to find a completely evil historical drama. Just take a well-respected British or Australian actor, things look beautiful, and you are guaranteed a formula for the success of the Oscars. <br /> <br /> Young Victoria is not an exception, just getting everything right, hit the movie photographer and with beautiful, soft light and smooth colors and clothes. She can finally fill up her role in acting with Emily Blunt, the film begins with Victorian's 18th birthday, and comes with intrigues and issues related to her famous marriage with Prince Albert (Reuter Friend). The young Victoria disturbs herself, she is removed from a team of chess because she finds her legs and her voice as one of Britain's most influential rulers. <br /> <br /> A fairly common area, it is the development of Victoria's relationship with Albert that makes this movie even more interesting. I admit: I have a degree in history with the specialty of the Victorian era, so I'm a little closer to these statistics. Regardless of their many flaws as a ruler, Victoria and Albert were the first few leaders dedicated to improving civilization for their first people. They leave public succession to the public in health and education, and Victorian conservative views of Albert's death and mourning culture. But these things are only directed briefly during filming. It is well-established that Victoria and Albert are not crazy in love, but they did not respect each other, usually not seen in kings. Arranged marriage. Even if it happens behind the scenes, they must of course be the best known. Famous couple have the right kind of chemistry for Blunt and Friend to make proper mix of justice, restraint and frustration. This is a different love, usually not shown on the screen, especially in such movies. Finally, encouraged to see a relationship that is equal to men and women playing on equal playing field. <br /> <br /> But we can not see enough love. Filmmakers are trying to fit the relationship between political camouflage, but it does not create the necessary momentum for most tensions. Also, without adding to the more important important public workings, things seem uninterrupted, rather than intimate, and sometimes confusing. It is not a big problem during filming, but then the effects are quickly stopped and you are trying to remember what you have seen yourself, despite the perfect performance by Leads, most notably the Blant who also features the famous Razakars. <br /> <br /> Victoria succeeds many levels of success as soon as it tries, but the lack of specific sparks that make it difficult to classic.
