It was easy to imagine that the royalty could not go anywhere, only a wonderful, Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong, pioneering role in Paul Bettany, which is equipped with a treatment, a running and intelligent play, Emily Blunt's strong and charismatic performance. Immediately the forces help develop one of England's most powerful monarchies"The Young Victoria" transforms this young woman into power and dramatically transforms. <br /> <br /> Emily plays Rani with good coordination of raw energy and innocence, who recognizes the complexity of this work, but who possesses enough trust to move forward. He is capable of portraying Victoria, as an incredibly young girl who knows that he needs support from some important players and should be able to stand up to him who can now head towards his best interests. <br /> <br /> Victoria certainly must stop the entry on the way to the crown, and when she commands her new position, she still discovers her own comfort road, depending on some important decisions and of course supporting the right. Fortunately for Victoria, Albert, a man who loves him and his relative's partner. The two actors have amazing chemistry and there is little doubt about the outcome, but there is a portrait of the Prime Minister of Betteni, a person who gives Victoria some support and loves him too. <br /> <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong support the role of both sides, which can be suspicious characters and may have enough power to raise the young girl. Each of the supporting letters can use some development, but what we can see on the screen is enough to look at the outstanding performance of the central character and the blunt, an actress who has shown enough fire and passion to perform the previous performance. Here, he is given the breakout role of his career, a real-life historical figure, who breaks the rules and manages to rule for a long time. He showed royal power and character seeds in his later years. He became a sweet and harmless person that the basis of his charitable work and social change became a future intervention. <br /> <br /> "The Young Victoria" is not a royal epic of England's ruling class. It's a close story about how people are becoming big and enclosed in special situations and their shape. Finally, the film is a beautiful entrance for one year, which gives importance to war and destruction. Here, there is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us far away and of course certainly a good old fashion love story
