Overall, I think this is a very nice movie - using the word 'good word' hates me, but it was very nice to see and the central performances of Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. I liked the most that despite all the impressive aesthetics of clothing and settings, all guilded and shiny, this view never grabs the heart of the film, which was a good, powerful writing (Julian Fellows: D) Thank you; Nothing is very flashing or associated with pomp, I am not greatly sensationalized (when Victoria is dragged out of bed she is now queen, well you could not get a less glamorous hand on the crown). It was slow and every line of film was valuable to her. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly the screenplay of love between Victoria and Albert, though it was a few story-books, it was actually a slow burning candle and friend and friend showed that despite the fact that this union was initially organized, how many people fits together (my rude Bit when they returned home after hunting and Victoria simply hugged her new husband; Or about what the film). Blunt has nicely kept herself alongside her, there are her mouths that demand your attention and can not mention the clothes I wear - each one is simply superb. If I was a Blant, I would share with some of them! Everyone else played their role well, Harriet Walter was highlighted as Queen Adelaide. <br /> <br /> My only joke was that there could be an emergency or an event that made the movie a bit more exciting. (It was rather tempered) I do not know, I wanted to do something that Victoria could draw some power and prove its value a little more. When he and Albert argued, I liked it, I could have done some more important dramatic moments, even though it could only be mine. In the end, all patriotic words are at risk, it is sort of pride and fear in the crown by renewing it and what it takes to be such a position, especially one so young. Victoria's young life snapshot shot for 'Swaraj and The Skion' wrote for one of my characters in mine, it may be appropriate for it, but it also flagged those feelings that followed my book, can you guess how character Victoria is properly reflected? ?) It may be a partner in the film that the government is in those times How ridiculous it was because they did not give two hats about poor and occupation. The race, which was just so active in Queen Victoria and Prince Albert on this domestic domain that renewed gratitude. It seems to be in vain for the government - I think a lot has changed. <br /> <br /> Blogs in Movies and Books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
