After you have seen in recent years, the interest of the British Raj movie The Young Victoria (1837 and 1901), the dacesa keira Knightley, Kate Elizabeth blyancetera with movies, and Scarlett Johanson and sisters Natalie portamyanera boleni with the effort said. Another Boleyn girl. During the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II in the run of the death of Prince Diana, Helen Mirren's winning screenwriter Helen Mirren's winning screenplay will be included. <br /> <br /> প্রতিটি চলচ্চিত্রে অভিনয় মহাভিত্তিক অভিনেতাদের সাথে অভিনব অভিনেত্রী (ঠিক আছে , তাই কিছু জোহানসনকে বিরোধিতা করতে পারে) অথবা তাদের মুহূর্তের গন্ধ ছিল এবং প্রতিটি চলচ্চিত্রের তাদের ঐতিহাসিক চরিত্রের উত্তরাধিকারের একটি নির্দিষ্ট মুহূর্ত ছিল যে এই ঘটনাগুলি বৈশিষ্ট্যযুক্ত হওয়ার জন্য এটি There is no intelligence and actually Elizabeth's two films interval was enough. However, The Young Victoria, as the title already proposed, the young queen, life is a light-version, and if the particular event, hunting or major political conspiracy in which the royal family and their shadow behavior flooded, self-worker politicians, unfortunately the depth There is nothing. <br /> <br /> It is not said that without the young Victoria. Canadian Jean-Marc Valley (best known for the best case) and written by Julian Fellows, this film is very easy, Victoria's life and times (Emily Blunt, soon becoming new girl) when she was a child, her mother's anxiety was done before she was done Problems faced, such as Dantes of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and his adviser Sir John Conroy (Mark Stru (ং) appointed himself as a joint-regent on the throne, as did William (Jim Broadbent), who had already planned for King's rule. যেমনটি যথেষ্ট ছিল না, তেমনি রাজনৈতিক ক্ষমতা খেলা লর্ড মেলবোর্ন (পল বেটনি) -এর সাথে নতুন রানী বিশ্বাসের জন্য চেষ্টা করার জন্য প্রধানমন্ত্রী-ইন-ওয়েটিংয়ের সাথে ছবিতে প্রবেশ করে এবং তার অবস্থানের মধ্যে নিজের বিশ্বস্ত সহযোগীদের উদ্ভাবন করে। Palace On one hand, how do you understand a young man, and new queen, the need of the faithful in important positions, but on the other hand, are they really working for their interests or working for someone else's interests? /> <br /> This is the conspiracy angle in Prince Albert <br (Rupert Friend), with shaking romantic story, their relationship and the majority of the second half of the film is mostly already includes trailers. For both, they have been brought under the influence of others, and just asked each step what to do. Both lovers acknowledge their common need to establish their own land and not do it with each other, even if their union may feel like a strong registration of even a coalition. Instead of crazy, this is probing the possibility of stifling and stifling breaks, and sometimes foolish, rules and regulations opportunities. Trust also becomes a valuable product, and loyalty can be traded even if you want to set the slate clean. <br /> <br /> However, these themes have become infatuated with the story of romance, marriage and marriage from childhood. Have children In fact, there is such a quick progress, especially in the last few minutes, filled with intertitles, it actually leaves viewers and sees a movie which I think probably will not see its light, but perhaps a television series film reaction Can take over, and come up with a short series or such. এটা খুবই দুঃখজনক যে এখানে চমত্কার পোশাক, সেট এবং আর্ট দিক নিশ্চিত করার জন্য সমস্ত প্রচেষ্টাকে এমন একটি চলচ্চিত্রেই সীমাবদ্ধ করা হবে যা থিমের বেশ হালকা ও সমস্যাগুলির সংক্ষিপ্ত উল্লেখ করে, যে তারা কিছুকে অনুমতি দেওয়ার জন্য সত্যিকারের চ্যালেঞ্জকে চ্যালেঞ্জ করে না। Attack on character-defiant opponent <br /> <br /> With her star-steadied cast, one would expect more, but instead many would like to. Those who are interested in the royal and queen's of the British monarchy are complementary to the more compelling stories available in other films already mentioned.
