Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) line for England's throne The current King William (Jim Broadbutt) is not good and can not live long. However, the mother of the plans of Wiki, The Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richmondson) and her classmate John (Mark Strong) want Victoria to force the papers to be announced as "regulator" until they are old, because she is only 20 years old. The young lady, despite slapping her around, denied. This is another sign that Victoria has a strong desire and deep love for her country. Yet, when William went after his 21st birthday, Victoria knew that before that he had a heavy duty. Firstly, he must be surrounded by "right" advisors to rule wisely. He is also referred to as a case for wiki, although an elderly man who chooses the handsome Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany). Which is our young queen's second major decision. Not soon, the young queen should choose her future partner, because it will bring stability to her life and the state, because the successor will be present in the coming years. Meanwhile, some remote relatives of the British Raj family, in Germany, also hide some plans. His father was presented to young English royal court by the handsome Prince Albert (Rupert Friend) of the Saxon-Coburg dynasty. Once in the palace, he strikes and the feeling seems mutual. But, he is a minor player on the map of match making, so can he succeed in winning his heart? This is a lovely movie, which Victoria has won completely by Emily Blunt. Yes, he is beautiful but it's his impressive study which ultimately scores. Friends, very well, Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a boring role!), And the rest do other actors. Also, the film is shot nicely, decorated and set up, it creates a visual treatment in every way. If there is a little lacking, it is an extra layer of cinnamon, because the film seems somewhat straightforward and looks great, sometimes with some obscure editing. However, this is only a small, overall very successful and fantastic point of view. Short, young and old, should be time for young Victoria. This is the most eligible film among the 2009 cinematic offers.
