In the fascinating Siberia of Andrei Conchlovsky, the poem will not begin once for four and a half, because it must be kept for the place because it takes time to explore the cyclone inquiries of semi-memorable childhood memories. -Senturebacks is a village, yet the film is based on the emotional feeling of steam making, although the words and images that compose it are also inspired by intimate relationships, which is a very uninterrupted calm status that identifies the attitude of Soviet work. Conchlovsky celebrates the Soviet collection, but like the stray paths like the Saui Cuban, often reflects the revisionist way and the psychological mind. Reach the revolution's news through Grapevine to reach the exclusive Siberian Village. The fruit of his labor only reaches when a world war calls for the youth to be listed. Through all this, Kochlovski took care of personal and caring care and tested the bitter remorse and regret of the woman who had waited six years of drunkenness, who had never returned, she waited to go out and repeatedly in a ship with velvet grasses. And what he left after many years, his father was an old adult uncle who came back to Kuj The father killed Baghdatta with the war, the absurd folly of the returning warriors, who delayed for more than 20 years, did not return to the interest of the girl left behind, but the oil shook the oil for the motherland, the leader of the medieval regional party was frustrated and resigned, Siberian came back with the sole purpose of returning to the village. Map of the construction of a power station. Segius of the decade decade of the decade of the decade of the amazing newsworthy footage behind the Soviet history, with the fight of famine from revolution and theoretical technical achievements of an empire. (Great scenes here! All harmful violence and diagonal corners and thrilling shots, crowds and faces) but the actual film focuses on short and big winners and harmful people. The second half creeps into a sense of satiricism; The unfortunate life that has not reached perfection of choking with regret and desire. "It does not matter", it seems as the world says, Konkalovsky is answering "it must matter" because the heroines are trying to get rid of. Even after '<br /> <br />' People Against the Landscape 'is like some galaxies, almost non-galactic, eternal Old Man is like Harmart, which is shown to guide or cancel the hero in each section, sometimes a mere spectrum, sometimes mysterious Sage; A little behind and above all the simple and logical unknown extreme ultimatums challenge the challenges and determination of human characters, some disappear hidden. The ghosts of the fathers appeared in the dream of sepia, a wonderful shot in the dark of a night at night, a strange bear, a truly eternal old man himself; Some other orders of Konchalovksy call for fear and respect before a mysterious land. Shawi Imamura's The Grandes of the Grandes, reminds me of how to deal with the progress of nature and the treatment of a small Buddhist community, as well as funny and malicious things, as well as how the director does not allow overloading of humanism. Designers When, in a dream scene, Alexei threw the Stalin preacher poster through the door of his door, throwing him to reach his body, as he fluttered in the fog, the film indicated with the betrayal of the Soviet dream. , Or better, in everything lost to the revolution, this betrayal made it more clear in the film firing. Somber with amazing visual, elegiac and a raw naturalist edge, help deal seal. At the end of this, the oil of the Dirac burned in the fire and the film spreads to the wild blast of pure film.
