This film is designed as Fred Astaire-Zinger Rogers Film - Plot Outline, Dance Number, Geopic Music and Full Formula ... Without Ginger! Indeed, there is definitely one of these films, whether it is uncertain whether it was really the original purpose as the re-linking of the group. Instead of a simple project, Barnes and Allen are used - like Fred, who are probably known by the comedy team, they can sing and dance, even after Fred (eg Eric Blora or Edward Everton Horton). It actually made me amazed, but the group welcomed and Fred and Gracie, or both George, made some of the traditional Fred and ginger numbers. Just once, at the very end, Miss Fountain danced with Fred, but with a very short and remote camera shot. <br /> <br /> And talking to Barnes and Allen, I think it's my role in the film talk about them. I have never had a fan on their show or their movie. In general, I find Grassy's absurd work very boring and I've done a bit of bad reviews on their movie shorts and full-length movies. However, in this movie I must admit that they were great - not only dancing with skill, but I was really funny and filled with very nicely filled with Edward Avatar Horton. They were at the top of their game and the author did an excellent job in this section. <br /> <br /> Now it's a lot of fun and entertaining for the rest of the picture. The problem for me was that Joan Fontenay was not particularly liked for the movie - he was not acting outside of his range (after all, he was not a singer or a dancer), but because of the presence of a ball screen on the lint. For this reason, there was a lack of normal balance and great boy-daughter dialogue. Harry Watson also acted as a malicious little boy who did everything he could to play Cupid - because he wanted to win a bit! And finally, I like the love of the fan house and the love tunnel - it's hard to describe but it's so fun to see! Overall, I like this picture quite a bit - it has lots of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, it also features a fantastic performance of Miss Fontaine which closes a point - to get my score for this movie 7.
