Soon, America will attack a dark, damaged England for aggression in Europe, but in 1937 there was an interesting, curious diversion in the pictures of a little laughable English countryside, close to the Hip Americans. American Dancing Star and Heartwave Jerry Holiday (Astaire) European tour and its manager (Burns) ludged publicity by the screaming fatigue of the crowd, frustrating frustrated Haydress Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). This story is complicated by Paul, a beta among Marshmarton servants. This is managed by Hit Butler Kegs (Gardiner), which is Lady Alice's cousin Regie (Nobel), who is Alice's Staff, Dinner's aunt (Collar). The story was much better than the half-hour episode of TV. Wrong identification Woldhouse Plot Wrapped on devices and mistakenly wear a full-length film thin. Both Alice and Jerry are awkward in the second half of the impossible (and annoying) film. The amusement park interlude and climax in the castle is very long and starts to pull. Fontaine is very beautiful, very glorious and very cool, a weird pink, no matter how uncanny, though young footprint Albert (Watson) is painfully awful. But when "Damascus" is not an extremely miniature car, talent is given down to us for so much talent. Astiar's romantic comedy skills here are not less enjoyable than Anger Rogers and his dance scenes, both of which are lonely and similar to Barnes and Allen, although one of his dance moves with the bride of Hupphar is essential. Gracie stole almost the entire show as George's bubbles secretary, who was once airheaded, convincing and cool-confident. Her character as a terrific snob Keggs with strong character actor Gardiner is a classic one of a kind. This and Astaire's invaluable scene with the Madrid singers give a delightful, colorful, but encouraged American color to "Damal", which mixes with the noble but low-intelligent Englishmen. Gershwin is at the top of his play with "Nice Work If You Can Get It" and "Steff Up Leap", which carries the film in its weak direction. And there's another picture about the Guernsey Swing Treatment of Madrid? Before the actual star, Astaire, without Rogers or Fontaine, may want to see "Damascus" more than a lot of towers. It's a great change in the entertainment of a Vaudvillian musical joke, ruled in the 1930s, but it will never be made again.
