In the famous writing he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell mentions that many readers are always sorry that Dickens is not going to write like poek wick popers: that is, he was not busy writing funny episode novels for the rest of his career. It was not very difficult for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Sirs has just said that focusing on the loss of the Fox hunting set (M. Fancy Rumford's Hounds is a title of his novels). Hunters and horse lovers are still following the Sets but most people find their novel remarkable. Dickens showed that he was more than a funny person (and did not forget, his first book, Skies by Byz, was a fun book). So Dickens's third book is OLIVER TWIST (which was quite tragic at points). Orwell says that any writer will have to change their book style to become them. Dickens clearly (and successfully) agreed with him. <br /> <br /> But Orwell ignores the author who crosses his partner. Surtees, as I said, focusing on hunting is a section focused - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But PG Widehouse saw himself as an entertainer, had fun at the top of the British social system. His Earl of Emmurts exclaimed over England's best pigs! When he is supposed to be under an inappropriate superiority, his cakes are always ready to resist. His Stanley Ukridge will always have a "perfect" project that will earn a huge profit (but always manage to separate from the end). And above all, his life will always work to rescue his brilliant brain, his barber's inactive Bertie Wester. Since Wodehouse was a limited view of her mission as a writer - she had funny cartoon figures for world entertainment - her book did not lose their glass. They serve their purpose (and still serve). In fact, compared with the more serious contemporary Evelyn Wair to Audhaus, who wrote funny books, but more intellectuals typed. Among the 20th-century British literature highlights are Wah's best: Bridesheld Review, Disneyland and Fall, and others. But in the determination of making his point, if his points fail to give interest to the reader, the book is often broken. Gilbert PinFold had some of the deferred delay in his career, like Ordell for each veloco board. Although Wodehouse could work less hack, his fall did not go as far as Waugh's. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a genius songwriter (when you hear "bill" on the showboat scene, it's not the Carne and Hummerstein tunes, but the tune of Carn and Oudhaus was a dozen years ago " Oh lady, lady "). He was very easy dramatic. So he found that he had taken Damsel in distortion in his novel and made it a platypel here. <br /> <br /> It has a common widehouse touch. That's a scoundrel rigging a "friendly" gambling game in the fantastic home stuff in a head ache home in the perfect Batler Keggs (an amazing performance Reginald Gardiner) Although Constance Kallie's efforts to control her emotions, sometimes she can not refrain from singing Italian opera. These are generally characterized by Wodehouse. The love relationship between Lady Alice and Jeroen is going well and both Kegas and young Albert going down due to Antrix, both want to win the cash poker game. Wodehouse is always the type of plot switch, with antagonists switching their perspective depending on their current state. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br / > Generally, they talk about all the movies supported by actors (such as six of a kind and we're not dressing) George and Gracie Fred have best support with Asty. The fan house sequence, which includes the song "Steiff Up Leap", is amazing, such as in an earlier sequence where three of them have a "jh broom" dance (learned from Astaire Bern). But Gracie's extraordinary miracle is used by Audhaus in Gardner's view (see how he misleads him in paying more money instead of his change - just look at Albert Kiggs / Gardner's mistake and look at Gardner, that he is either stupid or crazy). Her conversation with Lady Caroline (Collar) son Regie (British band leader) led him to imagine that he would marry her, but it is surprising to say goodbye to farewell to marry Gracey. <br/> <br /> This film has failed in box office due to lack of Ada Rogers and Joan Fonten's weakness. Fontaine is not doing great work in the role, but the error is indeed Widehouse - he did not make the character very interesting. But in addition to the film, other actors and their characters, Gershwin's music, and funny surprises in Vaudhaus.
