There was a similarity between Tim Burton and Castro artistic outlook before 'Javat'. They find their own, poetic style, and then they become abusive prisoners. Burton (and still has) Depp, Mikey Monozovic in Castro, and the same way they have received critical praise for repeating the same formula. However, people like me who have just heard fun only when they first heard it. Castro's worst films are 'black cat white cat' and 'life miracle'. 'Javat' is something completely different. You can like it, you can hate it, but it's not just another Kusturica poetic ?? Things like balkanic dream Of course, if you want to appreciate, you have to play safe. Kusturica was just too easy to create another flying gypsy movie and get reward. Fortunately, as a brave person, he likes to create movies which appear to be malicious in his earlier works. 'Javat' can be described as a strong and harsh parody in the Kushturika film directed by Kushturika. It's nice to see yourself as a big movie director who does not take yourself very seriously. This is not the quality that Kusturica has and even the largest, like Bergman or Kubrick. This movie is so meaningless that becomes irrational, so stupid that becomes deep, and so lazy that is pleasing. The same stuff that creates 'Plan 9 from outer space', how to see it, will create this excellent composition. Average Western visitors will not get any references. Most notable, Tire's shop owner is Srabalzovic, and it refers to the famous Serbian drama author Billjana Slozozovic. Politically, he is very active as a left-based libertarian, and he despises Kusturica's political opinion and anarchy. Misty Monzlovic had to throw the sodium jovic store with his work, 'everything but nothing is not fine' of Kastrika. The second reference is to be used in Bregovic? Composer of previous casturists He formed the 'Orchestra of Funeral and Wedding' and started work around Europe. Although he is praised as the Big Composer, he is the only performer and most of his songs (if not yet), the weak cover of the traditional Serbian song. A wedding and a funeral were confronted with marriage to marry Castro on Bristowik. Also, Western Western classics are 'reducing the London Bridge' or covering French Lulebeis. Do you find this unfunny? Now how do you feel in Serbia when you hear Bregovic's terrific cover? I really liked this movie because it does not pretend to be deep, it becomes a symbol, so that it becomes parody and it is managed well, because all its work is done. If you like previous Castrica movies, there is a great chance you can hate it. If you do not like his last few movies, you can find it as amazing, because it's like 'Pinky Flimmings' Fellini. Intended for After 'Javat' I have a great respect for this man. The next team Burton movie must be the main character with pale faces. The next Kusturica movie could easily be about the Earth invader Alien. That's why he is the most attractive director of the world, whether you like it or not.
