Lucid Defense is a wonderful genius and a strong attraction between beauty, depth and character, a movie of extraordinary brilliance and a mood and unusual love story. It's probably his best role in John Tarturo today (kindly thank you, he did not give to Ralph Fiennes, who killed it.) Similarly, Emily Watson showed her wealth of experience (from her outstanding background on stage). To reach the abusive chess master (Turcturo), his character had to show intelligence and the love of a woman. Watson does not describe the beauty of the costume, but she made her part self-conscious which is lucrative. <br /> <br /> In the presence of an opportunity between Nautilia (Watson) and Lujin, he officially prevented him from losing a barn piece that fell through his garment hole - especially the pieces we created later, in the film Expectancy and desire to symbolize Later, in the development of their lover's relationship, he liked dance in glasses (Luizin learned dance but never with a partner); He encouraged him to lead with "courageous, brilliant steps" and was able to play his role as appropriate as possible (and realized himself as his lover). <br /> <br /> This is a story of a woman who inspires a man to achieve his highest achievement and thus in his deepest fulfillment, emotional and intelligent (or believe that - in course of time, Natalia is nothing but freedom fighter) Anyone grooms themselves to be a stereotypical wife and mother). <br /> <br /> Italian set stunning. The complexity and character of the characters reveals the conversation to those who are delighted with the intelligent cinema-gear, but the film is quite accessible to hit the mainstream and it is most appropriate. Glasses are the only photogenic backdrop for the development of a psychological and emotional film, although the game is treated with respect to satisfying a chess player that exists in the characters. Although a tragedy of exceptional height by a classic writer, the final denouement is surprisingly uplifting anyway.
