"I hate the stories that start with a funeral, but I was afraid that this day we started George from the grave day, and we did not bury him. We burned him for the sake of environment." So George's widow Elizabeth (Judy Dench) talked about. He led a comfortable, anticipated life with George. Her two children and 12 year old grandson. But when he was 15 years old and in the middle of World War II, he was known as The Gold Bombles at night in a boy (almost all girls) band. 'Almost' because Drama was Patrick, a tragic barbarian, who does not want to fight and possibly kill. With a yellow wig, long red dress and makeup, Patrick looked almost like others. <br /> <br /> One afternoon Elizabeth sat in her house playing Sax. He used to practice, but when George was out of the home in the golf course, there were two incidents. The wonder of how well Elizabeth was doing, her granddaughter, blonde bombelles began to talk about how to be integrated with her school dance and play with her. Then Elizabeth Patrick (Ian Holmes), now an elderly elderly like Elizabeth, and likewise she was attracted to her more than 50 years ago. (He was also attracted to other members of the bombes. The rose displayed on his steam drum had a special meaning which proved to his affection.) Why, why other band members can not be located, and why not see it is a reconciliation performance of his granddaughter school A shot for? <br /> <br /> Why? One member of the band Gaga. One dead One is in jail. Salvation was found with one Salvation Army. One can find no traces they have. One last known to be in the United States. One is a professional singer and there is no desire to do a school graduation even for a review. But one after the other, Elizabeth and Patrick bombastes gathered the survivors. We do not know enough that they can not be found. Rehearsals often do not turn off-key into shambles. While they were doing this, when we were young in London during the Patrick war, we would share what Elizabeth's flashbacks were playing in the band when she left. As terrible as it was, it was the most exciting time of their life. When Elizabeth's grandson dances come at night, of course, blond bombings, filled with jitters and brand newness with the novelty of friendship. Then, Elizabeth tells us that Giggs continues to play in the bombstead, and he and Patrick have no plans to marry ... but they do not see anything wrong in making a fool. <br /> <br /> This is a sensible hogwash, done efficiently, and no worse. It makes sense Judy Dench and Ian Holm skills and charm. When I hear the word "warm heart comedy," I'm still crying until the actors first rate. Dench and Holm look as they take some as light weight and hope as this figure is wonderful and our charms turned into something that. Then, if the older broad memories are "old broad" palm, it's fun. Leslie Carnos, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billy Hotel and Cleo Line among blonde blondes Line three numbers and almost production-balance sings. He became so powerful and unique in a jazz talent that he would sing almost singly line shows. Another interesting feature is the number of great WWII songs played in firm swing.
