Neglect comes in many flavors, and exists for various reasons; For some it may be something more than a compulsive disorder, but for others it may be a way of survival. The lack of nutrients, daily life or basic social needs, even with the inability to discuss the easiest requirements, even the personal comfort zone, which can force even a genius to hug them enthusiastically. And in the extreme case, the content of that satisfaction can be a manifest emotions, the person who started his journey until the beginning of the way of living, his predecessor became very enthusiastic and we discovered in Marinen's 'Luzin Defense'. Gouris will not provide satisfactory solutions to high level intelligence, and, in fact, can actually increase the situation further. It seems that there is no irrationality or choice; Also, it does not give any quarters. <br /> <br /> In an Italian resort of 1920, Alexander Lujin (John Tarturo) was one of the many people gathered there for the Chess Tournament, who will be the winner of World Ranger Luisen is a master of the game, but he was rarely a chess player, since he could not play the game for a long time; Rather, it is his emotions, one of the things discovered in his childhood that enables him to see his total helplessness in all areas of life and to deal with the obvious selfishness of his immediate family. So Lujin is a gifted with Achilles Hill, an error that perhaps one other person knows and understands and understands many more that can be exploited for his personal gain in this tournament. The person is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), former adviser to Lujin, who was suddenly known to Lujin after some years of absence. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Life threatened to overwhelm him again. The tournament (Fébio Sartro) does not have to face a great opponent in the tournament, he got drawn after fourteen hours in the previous match against him, but he is trying to solve the new element in his life - his feelings for a young lady, he just visited, Natalia (Emily Watson) is met. And, although he could have the talent, the dark clouds gathered on him that just Luzhin could even curse his whole life, as well as curse, that could even push even deeper into the curse. <br /> <br /> Tell Lugin's story, Gerris effectively uses Flashbacks to publish her childhood elements, which quickly leads her passion with chess. And as soon as his background is established, he also understands insights that fully understand the audience that Luizin and how he reached this stage of his life. For childhood scenes, Goris has a fine understanding of the dark atmosphere and cheating properly, which prevents the underwater resorts, and further undergraduate settings. In the past, the accumulated infections of the past are handled nicely and with speed, Goris makes it suitable for a writing, which still works very well. He portrayed the damage caused by the presence of Valentin, which focuses on drama instead of suspense, which eventually increases the overall effect of this film and makes Luizin's tragedy more credible and uncertain. <br /> <br /> This film is a single element that makes it so memorable, but John Tarturo's dominant performance. To make this film work, Louisine must be absolutely credible; A false or abusive moment would be harmful, because it would take viewers out of the story immediately. Although this does not happen, and the film works, because Louise Tarturo creates a true and true life. He earned Lujin's talent, as well as his insufficiency and presented his character in a special way and presented very real. This is similar to a performance, if not beyond, Jeffrey Rush's 'Shine' David Helggut's screenplay And when you compare his work with those other characters, he is from 'Sid Lidz' from 'Astragon Heroes' to Pitt, 'Where's the P-brother Art?' Al Fountain 'in the light of the moon', you have to understand that what a tremendous range of Turquoise actress is and what is an outstanding artist <br /> <br /> As Natalia, Emily Watson is excellent, as well, she develops a fairly reserved performance which roughly develops her character and presents. Although he was out of touch with Lugin, Watson had operated it spontaneously in an effective manner. Most importantly, the detail that he has brought about his performance, makes his instant relationship with Luizen credible and gives total credibility to the story. Look at Watson's eyes, he'll know that the feeling he expresses is real. This is a great job of working from a talented and talented actor. <br /> <br /> Supporting cast includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Staard), Peter Blith Hunting (Young Luigin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santuckie). Well-made and distributed, 'Lujin Defense' is an emotional film, which represents a conducive condolence that reflects the sad sense and perhaps reflects the human's inhumanity towards humans. We certainly do not need a movie, to tell us that there is cruelty in the world; But we are served in the middle of the movie when it reminds us of something that we should never forget, although we all have the power to effect positive changes and we have the ability to make a difference in the lives of people around us. I rated this one 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
