One of the most brilliant film directors in America was the question without Elia Kazan. His dynamical genius was not particularly suitable for fresh thrillers, because some people had more space to breathe and to be slow and more fine. However, 'Panic in the Streets' is the first-rate social thriller and it is more relevant than the 1950's before it was published. The problem of illegal immigrants, man-smuggling, impending fatal disease, disease worldwide, is a major concern for today's disease (a worried Richard Wymark says: 'I can stay in a city for ten hours and Africa in Africa.)', Ethnic separatism and gentileism are more important than ever before. This film features an impressive film adaptation of Jacques Palença and Barbara Bell Jades has outstanding performance, gifted two casting strokes. Richard Wydmark is not allowed to go on a cyclope once and it is a deeply caring, warm-loving, strong hero. He campaigned in New Orleans to stop the epidemic of pneumonic plague, primarily one person campaign, in which struggles to satisfy the problem of arrogant politicians and confident police. In 48 minutes, there is a nation against time to find out criminals in a small time while the plague has been infected by the dead immigrants in the 48 hours before the whole city, and they are always reminding us that the whole country is endangered with the worst of the 1912 flu. An amazing scene where infected Jack Palencia, is prevented from navigating by a rat barrier on the rope, is ironic in the extreme, the worst carriers and all that can remind people in our most awesome terms. The very dramatic Chase Scenes, which they call the 'Coffee Factory', compete with Hitcock's most innovative final scenes, and as a spectacular setting. Many non-professional people have appeared in movies, of which there is a real reality, good things have been said. Kazan really took the camera to the place where the camera went very rarely, and even the rats would even even think twice. This image was a major achievement in social reality. If this is the most charged thrillers lacking electricity, then Kangan took it so seriously that he could not promote it, because above all, the threat of plug-ins is serious enough to fear anybody except guns and mullahs. . The only unfortunate thing about the movie is the title, which gives false suggestions of sub-rights. But there was nothing but Kaizen. He is explicitly considered as a public responsibility, to warn us of the real possibilities. If that level of probability decreases today, sadly, they are getting worse every day. One day after the worldwide plague, this film can be shown to some survivors such as how the film was outbreak, but its lessons were forgotten.
