"Panic in the Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller, which is directed by director Eliya Kazan New Orleans, has earned a great sense of reality through shooting, using different local people to meet different roles and for intelligent use of recycling. As a result, both letters and dialogue seem very natural and trustworthy. To avoid a disaster, an important timeframe should be met, which highlights the height of problems of instantaneous and speed and delaying its necessary steps, then increase the level of tension. <BR> <br /> After a debate among participants in card games, a man shot Kochak (Lace Charles) was shot and dumped in the body of the dock. When the body is found and the presence of the virus is identified, then the US public health officer Dr. Clinton Reid (Richard Wydmark) is called and his test ensures the presence of pneumonic plugs. Reed insists that all known acquaintances of the deceased should be stopped without delay because the infectious nature of the disease means that someone infected without any action can die in a day. <br /> <br /> As the identity of the deceased is unknown, the work of finding his identity is difficult and this situation is never helped when city officials and police commissioner Reid totally does not believe in the briefing. They suspect that the threat to the public is as serious as he claimed and the primary lack of commitment is only the first of a series of obstacles which prevented immediate action taken. Followers are frustrated by the lack of cooperation of the migrant community, a group of seas, a restaurant owner, and some illegal immigrants, and their lack of cooperation before their credentials. <br /> <br /> Illegal immigrants Kocak Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mötile) and Vince Poldy (Tommy Cook) and gang leader Blakey were aware of the ongoing police investigation, he thinks that the coaches must be 'we Something very precious smuggled. Being related to Kocak and Poldee, Blakey thinks that Poldy must know something about this and learn more. But Poldy is very sick and unable to provide any information. Blackie brings her own doctor and together with Fech outside her village and moving down some stairs, she meets Reed and follows an exciting chez. <br /> <br /> Deal with its domestic preoccupations as a family man when Richard Weidmck strengthens the performance as a subordinate official official who copes with his serious responsibilities in his work. An extraordinary kind of role for him, he said very firmly. Reid's picture of the nature of strong and serious mind. The first debut of Jack Palan's movie shows an impressive performance as a cruel touch, who made a mistake in the cocaak argument and the reason for the intense police investigation to abate the card game. His distinctive looks help make his screen appear more compelling. <br /> <br /> Commonly used in the Doku-style style, publisher film and neo-realistic effects, to effectively position the atmosphere of the location. Which is the action performed. Elia Kazan deals with lifetime accuracy, but also wages and daisyides exceed the commemorative chase sequence.
