Knowing when to finish a movie, just as important as casting, direction and acting. And it's nice to see when a director / script is right. Clocking in just 82 minutes, 10 items or less, does not extend the story, trying to grasp the invisible things. It's funny, sad, and out of good thought. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (Lucky Number Slaven) has played his "frost", an elderly actor playing a role that he presented to him. We identified him as "snow" when he clicked The Kid (Jonah Hill) on a city supermarket outside the city. It seems that he has a star in his car, The Kid has pressured him to talk about his absence in the movie over the past few years. He is not very upbeat, because he was not only out of it, he is also on the way to shooting for an indoor movie where he can work ("I'm not going to decide what I'm going to accept.") The director's son, who is involved in this ID's initiative, soon kidnaps him and drops him in the middle of the Oceresville. Stuck, he decided to check out the local market. She immediately handles 10 items or less registrations that take place in the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega). Not only interesting but intelligent, he started using it as his main research topic for his upcoming independent film role. He learns how he knows the number so fast and why he knows the jokes of each member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> She does not use scarlet, she helps her so that she can see her deep. Life. They travel together to bring their car back from cheating husbands, and learn how to work for how they want to get a new job, and how to dress for success as well as being targeted as a local clothing title. This is probably one of the most joyful moments, as we got a glimpse of her, the chain-store showed a complete lack of understanding of the retail world ("These shirts are only $ 12! How is it possible?") Last, as described in the beginning of this review, suddenly but apropos Is. There is no way these two friends could have ever had while they form a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye and garnered from each other. This is a quiet but radioactive moment, because Scarlett's clunk car is sitting idle outside her LA apartment. <br /> <br /> This is a great independent production and it's a waste of time. And it will not waste your time.
