The 2007 play dropped only two-letter sketch, but it works very well within its limitations. In South Los Angeles many different ways, non-decrypt spots are transmitted, the story itself is incompatible, but like Sofia Coppola's "Lost In Translation", the film is about two unfamiliar people who unexpectedly meet, find a common tie and go back to their life Enlightened for encounters. It also helps in playing Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega characters significantly. Finally, the identity of the wise sage and authority became free, which has become a special feature of the big screen, Freeman is relatively relatively free as a spontaneous film star. His character is driven by a low-rent grocery store in Carson, where he will be able to find a role that he is considering in an indie film. <br /> <br /> He is ashamed of working for several years when he sees his movie DVD's Dargah Binat but his arrogance is that there is no lack of supervision of shop supervisors and even lack of imitation. He had special interest in Scarlett, who went to Spain as an annoying worker and on the express line where he was an incompatible model of skill. He has an interview for a secrecy of a construction company, but his deep-seeded insecure seems to lose his chances already. Still, Amnestine sister of Penelope Cruz, beautiful Vega (James L. Brooks's death sentence "Spanglish" is one of the few valuable aspects), it seems that it brings the edge and realistic risk of starlet. He and Freeman very well interact throughout the story, not only in the grocery store but also in Target, Arabic and full-service caravans. <br/> <br /> The Silbercing Process Keeps Easy, But Production also reflects expert techology in Paddy Papemichael's dynamic cinematography (he is responsible for Alexander Penn). "Sideways") and infectious score by Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). Bobby at Kanevale (such as the former husband of Scarlett shortly) and himself as Danny Devito and Rhea Pellman as well as Jim Parson ("Garden State" in "Garden State") with funny holes ("Noked up") and a bizarre fan "). Extra stuff with the 2007 DVD Extra, in which the documentary was made, "15 days or less", movie students' goals and a marathon running for 103 minutes; Six extended scenes; A light hearty but insightful three-way conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of the target; And a couple of snippets that specially advertise DVDs.
