Lansman does not seem to pay enough credits where people are due to him. Some things to understand Lensman's experience are ignored. <br /> <br /> year: It was made (1984) Lensman has some great effect that I've ever seen. As a person who shows a lot of 80 minute animation, Lensman is a computer-generated computer that is unique in the use of images. Kim's war against the geometric cutter foot in the laser shrine can be taken as a wonderful example of this. Every time I see that I have to repeat it that it was created in 1984. Soundtrack: I heard Lensman's most insane soundtrack, and permit in every corner of this crazy violent bit film. Lensman borrowed heavily on two Western mistakes and managed to do little with the first - a hero with music needed to meet every second silence. Although the music is well-equipped and awakens for motorcycle battles in Radicals Theronite Factory, the heroine theme fails due to Chris's heartless mentality. It is very interesting to remember that the constant music when I was saving the lensman from analog tape in digital format decreased my efforts to hear the sound - because one second silence was not available for use as a reference point. Western influences: Helmet - sounds like "helmet" and have almost the same voice as Darth Vader. Clarissa Fairborn - The same hairstyle as the style of the same style, and her name sounds suspicious like the Transformer's Marisa Fairbane. Han Solos takes the role of flying flying and having some technical skills. Buzakk - Chebba is a definite improvement. Lens - An excellent concrete copy of the power that covers the audience as less as an opportunity to propagate Christians than the original SW. The power depends on a lot of faith than the density, the lens is pure density tool. Theoretically, someone can protect the lens. The lens is much less restricted than the forces - completely a protective / offensive weapon. <br /> <br /> Technology: Boscone alliance has interesting fleshy sponge ship. They look like white rather red uniforms just like thunderstorms. It was nice if the idea of ​​DNA weapons improved. The galactic alliance is called StarBlazars (or whatever it is called) - it's a series of 60s where they fight with the Jillons. There was not enough ships for the war ships for me - this was a lot of improvement in the second lensman film. <br /> <br /> Finally a note of Versova. This character is a unique and very interesting character-design, which fortunately continues in the second movie. <br /> <br />
