In 1964, Barbara Streisand was still a curiosity, and perhaps some industry frames were raised when CBS signed a 10-year, 5 million television contract (nothing on this day). But more importantly, Barbara and his manager insisted on creative control - and got it. He had impressed this way in his special way, and in most part his vision was clever, clever, and unbelievable. The title of the title (especially not written for it) by the title song "I'm Lett" (via a classified cast of songs linked from "Alice in Wonderland"), the Accessing Act! - She even puts a vague ear line and whiskers and "a lot of time to shave"!); It's a totally impressive, if not odd, - and enjoys it because it did not release TWO soundtrack albums. She is slowly, but dramatic for "believe" (which probably gets very slowly), "How to taste the wine?" O of non-SM-fold. "A Kid Anne" is beautiful (Straussand is looking younger in a huge chair - where did Lily Tommyen get the idea?), As is the "sweet zoo" ("I'm a drug - crocodile ?? - no, alger!"). "Withers of the Wanderer" is very cool and elegant, and its "people's" number, which is collected by orchestra, taps for the bondage of music, it's stunning. Act II is set with New York City's Burgundy Goodman, Streissand acting cookie gets high fashion (when he plays playfully stomps, listeners are actually watching the tape audience). Prior to the Act III, studio viewers (made by lucky fan club fans), "Kane the Sun Comes Out" (Straussand actually finds a dramatic tone of breath) starts with a strong version, then "Why have I chosen you?" (Probably his best first song), "Lover, come back to me" very quickly (where he finally drowned orchestra), and a 'funny girl' Medley At the end, "Happy Days is Hey Anne", which took 12, closed the amazing fashion hours. Inspired by Chemstrand (a fiber-making company!), This black and white gem at fast speed, jazzy set-up, with awesome cinematography, kicky set and costume. They really do not make it this way - and it's special and related to La Streisand.
