I could not help but feel that it could be a big movie. Scrapple is very intelligent and it seems that it can be seven more memorable. The story does not change - I mainly think through cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing that I could hold in the film. On the other hand, pence was absolutely point. Anyone working on the job did their job really well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job of managing. Now away from the technical staff ... <br /> <br /> This movie has thrown me for the loop. Spider Ahmed !!!! In all, I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy and then Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rose Garden and showed that in order to reveal who the body was buried and who he was, I cast for a loop. I was skeptical of the first part of the blurred, but in fact he threw me when he touched the agent and the agent killed his mother and the agent also saw Adam again (without touching any words) saw Adam again. Asked him how he knew. I was not hesitated to throw it in another curve, but this man and his dad are not crazy, but often picking the 'bad guy', often a vague idea of ​​knowing their sins and crimes. I do not support an eye for eye, so I could not believe the film that they are doing God's work. Instead, I believed that both of them were tired and the father had left him a long way from the side and he was annoyed permanently by the things he gave to his sons. It was my explanation but the film's scary thing is not it's a house of cards and sometimes the ending circle, and what is the exact explanation of the annoying events that happened to you? This is one of the movies I love to show to the writer, so I can only ask him what it meant. They were crazy and psychic? Were they just telepathic and took the license? Or have they seen any kind of appearance from God? And if so, it was disguised as God or Satan himself as God. My friends and I try to talk about it myself, how to do all night and what filmmakers think about when they tried to answer this question. <br /> <br /> Clearly confusing and thoughtful movies with some people Very annoying but certainly it is not a sensationalistic element. This is not a perfect movie, but it is definitely its own thing. The child was very good at playing great directory and playing Bill Paxton and fountain. I hope he will not interfere with child actor syndrome because he has made many promises. I have voted for this film to create an element which produces a movie, but if I do not think that something (although I can not understand what I mean) was stopped and if it did not, the movie has gone to an even higher level . Still, a specific recommendation, especially for those inquisitive.
