Frailty is a non-minor horror film that follows its argument and influence in direct deprivation of a man's confusion / emotions, to achieve his cold. Father (we do not know his name) is a gentle man and loving father who raises his sons alone after the death of his youngest son, Adam. One day when people wake up at night, the family wanders around the world, the father entered the boys' house and said, God has given him a vision. And what a vision ?? Jobs are given to the whole family, who are certainly impersonated in the form of human beings. <br /> <br /> The movie is disrespectful after this generation has progressed. Father told God to destroy man, bind him, put his hands on them, see their temple, kill them? The time of making his younger boys watch. Fenton, big boy, scared, turned a mad killer who was only a father. Adam, small, uncomfortable, but the father believes that God's will is doing. Finally, the father invites his children to take the mission to kidnap "giants" which God has placed on the Father's list, and finally, invites them to participate fully in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> You do not understand it, an insulting dad. She loves her children. He is just following God's instructions: "Now our work, boy, we have to do it." When Fenton was scared and his father was scared, he would report it to the police, his father explains, "If you do that, boy, I will die, the angel was clear about this." Children's pressure is helpless and tragic, and they force their whole life. (1) The composition of the movie is similar to the one used in the eusyal Sussex: A story of flashback, it tells an FBI agent at a police station. Moody lighting, windy weather, and the relentless peace of the day is added to the back of the dust. I wanted to believe the incredible horror was just a story, until I recalled the real life of Andrew Yat parallel, who believed that he was bound by the devil and could save his children by sinking them. Even so, I wanted to believe that I saw a human tragedy instead of the story of divine protest. <br /> <br /> This movie has not given me so much comfort, although it has been a strong signal at the end of the father's point of view. And this, as some plot holes, burned a problem for me. Regardless of the precision of the father's view, no one has the ability to act as the angel of death, regardless of the evil he has done. (1) Roger Ebert review, 4/12/02
