The latest high budget spin-off of the most successful franchise in Enterprise, Film and Television history, started a 90-minute episode called 'Breakman Bo'. Firstly, we are inserted into a massive action sequence with chuling by pursuing a Suliban (the main enemy in the first season of the slogan). From there, the television movie takes us on a journey which is very good, like the development of some small characters, stories and actions / visual effects such as in a short period of time. <br /> <br /> <br/> Open Credits is a controversial issue among the minority of enterprise fans, some of whom believe that the song has been dropped from the place. They fail to understand what the song itself is. If someone listens to the original songs instead of the theme, they will begin to piece together the riddle. And finally continuously progresses consistently and we can learn more about our heroic captain and his crew, the song will actually become meaningful. Overall, Diane Warren's theme is beautifully arranged and it can sing alongside opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> Time and time to watch a television show again, and how its formations can be formed and layered. Enterprise (in my opinion) is one of the best cast shots from next generation. After the selection of Patrick Stewart as his Jack-Look Picard, Captain Jonathan Achor's best decision was to choose Scott Bakula. The captain always leads the show, Bakula adds a loss to his role and in his veins, anyone who faces face through blood pumping. He is only a good man (both an actor and character) and his charm, intelligence, and compassion. For other cast members, who is my dear favorite John Billings Played the floc. It was also a good idea to play non-human role and to give the captain a dog named 'Porthos'. The show was brighter during the development of character, it was fast, good time and almost perfect. I am almost sorry because the character of Trashiv Myder, directed by Anthony Montgomery of Britain, is a little weak at the end of the first season. Here there is something to say, but it makes him more important to the producers. Sometimes the harsh but equally loving subcommander T'Pol as Jolene Blalock is wonderful. Dominic ketting as Lieutenant Malcolm Red plays a strong role and believes in the surgery officer. Conn. Trinidadian commander Charles "Trip", who always plays character and curiosity with his character, and finally played Linda Park as Ensein Hashi Sato, who often runs a weak character, but is grateful to be quicker. These characters make the enterprise, and bring all the qualities that the star tray can not be seen for a long time. Each person makes an observer look at the price. Smileys and feelings-good sense, for the first time, we see them together in the bridge at Starship Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, somewhat suspicious in the NX-01 design. The series has been set for 150 years and Captain Kirk 100 years ago. So why does the ship look like akin to the Akira square Starships in the middle of the 24th century? There was a problem with the continuity of the enterprise, but thanks to Rick [Barman] and Bran [Braga] giving them a fair explanation for each. You are always examined in the show and are obsessed with the tiniest of the details is just a problem. If you look at the show and the open mind you will not have any problems, but always ask why 'why'. So did Berman and Braga Star Trek fans base offer the cruel issue of the ship? According to them, NX-01 is the reason for this first communication event. When Zefram Cochrane watched the enterprise-through his telescope and by talking to the team away under the leadership of the commander rick, it changed the mind on his head. It's good enough for me to explain. Of course, it is not easy for some fans to take such an answer, for a while, they can refuse to see the show until they get a reasonable answer. Boys grow up When George Lucas started building a new quarter with his profit, Star Wars had destroyed the Saga, the devotees could not do anything, only see and do whatever they can to swim. And then they learned that, well it's not that bad after all. If you can not accept a quality show for it, it should not be what you think it should be, go elsewhere. Or try to be a producer on the show and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The enterprise sets remind me of many of the defents, not deep space. They are often cold and they have a terrible appearance of modern structure and they cry that they belong to the army. Perhaps why the crew of USS Enterprise (US Naval Fleet flagship) likes so much. They are an attractive set, and offer the show perfectly. <br /> <br /> John Barron correctly keeps John Logan as 'Emperor's authority' and his contemporary Bran Braga has just nailed it to the head where they are, and all should be in the right place. Whether that would be technical, visual, sound, editing or score. The enterprise is a delicate demonstration exactly how talented Gift Gift can end when television science fiction ends. The late Gene Roadenbie will be proud of this series and as a star trek fan, so you should
