There is nothing bigger than history, it is not a lie. It easily takes the illustration, simple and most shallow route as a giant. Just showing his negative points, and their groin "Those who are unaware of the past destroy us to repeat." She was a man. It may prove to be acceptable to some people, but an important part of life that we do not want to do. Rather than demonizing humans, we should try to understand him. Otherwise, we stand in the future, or potentially even a relatively small opportunity to prevent similar comparable opportunities, losses, and misery anywhere in any place. Hate him and take what he has done, mythological, deliberately or anything else. Actually, this mini series has a lot more "mobile phone * dum *!" After or in time. The whole thing comes to audiences with nodes and winks, with a clear message of "this guy was bad or what", each one contains the bad features (as well as going straight against those who did and what they were) to see them less or less somewhere. , And have to stay constant throughout their life, nothing that they believe or claim. This should not be used in educated. Use Dr. Untergang (Downfall, English), and instead, point to some of its flaws. This, that happened to the actual events, and respect to any and all survival, not to mention death. Quality of the movie? Top notch It has been well done, excellent production value, a strong cycle in a well-known plot, which is characterized by strong and trustworthy, dialogue and script great, all performance oriented performance. (Carlle shows and plays the role ... as it was written ... thoroughly), the music has been well-written, cinematography and edits are defective and creative, and it must be dramatic, entertaining and graceful. They get dates and many events, and do justice to them If I had been suggested to do this work and did not think that Hitler might have enough motive to appear as a fully swollen person, then I quoted the reason and denied it. I do not blame him for hating him. How do you forgive him and are we sure we should? That's not what I'm suggesting. Finally, let me write down that I wrote it in a global financial crisis, which has been going on for almost two years and it is not completely different from the stock market crash of 1929. It is for two reasons' due to the disappointment of the new millennium: the governments are paying the banks to keep the markets ahead and most of the countries are now friendly to each other. Still did not learn the lesson. Hopefully, it is now. This is my advice back? Read the dealing with a book, non-fiction, subject. There are lots of informative, smart ones. DVD holds a trailer I only recommend to those who know well, and strongly condemn those who have seen it in search of truth. 8/10
