In the movie of Christian Dugué, Hitler: The Rise of Evil, the first years of Hitler's life and some minor historical errors in politics and some exaggeration has been successfully shown. It is quite normal for the Hollywood movie, as the main objective of production is the income derived from the movie. Although such errors can frustrate some members of the audience, who believe that everything should be done by the book, I believe that most of them fits well with the rest of the film, making it more attractive. We should not forget a documentary in this movie. <br /> <br /> Hitler has been portrayed as a psychoanalytic personality who becomes very angry and very passionate about his ideology. But he is not pictured as an astronaut but more like an aspiring politician. I believe this is a great perspective, because the film is not contaminated by several negative emotions and it makes the movie a little more motivated. Yes, he was a little crazy and his methods were rough, but he was still not a completely insane person pictured as "mankind". I believe it has made the film more realistic with some incompetence of historical events. <br /> <br /> The history stream is beautifully reflected to the audience. Although the focus of the movie was around Hitler, even then through newspapers, public talk and Jewish cabaret songs, this work allowed me to see what was happening in the country. The response of the society was also reflected in the movie, but it was very limited. Journalist Fritz Gerlich and the cabaret that satirical plays that were exciting and interesting but that was all. Often we pushed his followers into the street and found him happy. Another thing missing in the movie was information about the source of hatred for the Jews. At the beginning of the film, some ideas were given about this but they were quite useful. Suddenly, he was a politician who gave lectures about the necessity of the destruction of the Jews. At the conclusion, Hitler: The rise of Evil can not be considered as an excellent film that everyone will love but it is not all unhappy. You can stand in the direction of those who change the history for cash, an interesting movie that reflects Hitler's personality in an interesting way.
