The third episode of Star Trek's final episode is a nice and quite malignated final season highlight. Basically, the presence of a giant library and librarian. In addition to autos, the planet's population is completely absent, spoke, McCoy and Kirk beam descended from supersonic. All 3 Trek characters will soon walk in a time-traveling device between the various times of the past of the precision. Speaking for Jochet, the Ice Age, who is in love with Jasabeth, gives strong performance like Volcano, while Kickk reiterates his unhappy experience with travel time - see 'Ever City's City' - when he was accused of magic and was brought to jail before fleeing and Sarpeidon's current Find out the door back in time. In the end, only three tracked letters are preserved before going to Beta Nevo Star Supernova around Surpidon. Just as the enterprise blasts and goes away. Ironically, William Shatner has given a note to his book "Star Trek Memorial", this show was the source of some controversy, since Leonard Nimo noticed that no reason was given because the space was behaving like this kind of psychic why in Lysat's script. Nimo restored the live show executive producer Fred Freiburger his misconceptions that Valencan was not in love. (P.272) However, Freiburg argued that the setting of ice age allowed the feeling of emotion to be felt, because at this time the vaults did not become their fully logical current condition. For a special episode this was a great example of the development of the fryerberger's part to save a large volume of scripts. The third of Shatna hit the fall of the script's quality for the season, although the script was more credible here, though its character was compelled to swallow an ass like "assassin of Platus Steppilreden", "Hey Eden", with Hippies music or sometimes emotional exhibition. Spark's performance was wonderful here, obviously in Freiburg, to shutters. (P.272) The only clear plot hole that was spoken by Spoke and McCain thousands of years ago, MacKay also came back to more primitive human states, not just speakers. However, it is a forgiving error, excellent Speak / MacCo performance, and the basicity of this script, considering poor quality of 3 shows of other damages. Who could have imagined that the present inhabitants of Sarpaid will flee the fate of their destructive planes in their past? We must come to the 'Best of the Classic Trek' - this is a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> The shutter has named its best "unusual and high-quality show", which is the season 3's enterprise event, The King of the Dove, the beauty of the truth, Thoilian Web, and Children Lead and Paradise Syndrome (P. 273) My personal opinion is that 'Children Lead Lead' is a very poor episode, when 'there is no beauty in the truth' is problematic, "all our years" are definitely in the list of top season lists of Trek TOS films. For 'all our Yesterdays' I'm out of 9.
