An extraordinary time of time travel: Instead of traveling past the Earth, the main three are trapped in the past history of other planets. They bent down on this planet, whose sun planes to go to Noah within 3 or 4 hours (it stops!). They have some kind of libraries in the future. Otoz (A to Z, it? Hah ha) and its duplication Rather than escaping from the destruction of their planet through space travel, they simply ran away from the planets of their planet in the past. Mr. Autoz is using a time machine to send people after a selection (check out the discs that we see here, the CD and DVD's other track progostostation!). When Mr. Autoz created the machine (atavakron-key-sease), the brave kick heard a woman screaming and was driven to the 17th century planetary version of the world, where she falls in the battle of the sword and is arrested for cleverness. This time there is a wonderful but good performance by the actress here at the time of freelancing. ("... you're finishing a fierce ... witch! Magician! They will burn you .."). Spock and McCoy followed Kirk, but 5000 years ago, ending at an ice age. <br /> <br /> Kirk managed to get back to the first library. The real story here is the brutal tendency of the ancestors of the speaker, 5000 years before the War of Volcans. It does not really understand, probably this time the machine is responsible for the change (even though Spoke and McCokou was not 'ready' by Autoz-Oh; I also thought that the speech was affected by the infection. Almost immediately - he was away from millions of years, right Instead of hundreds or thousands - a serious error for a logical vault). In any case, the point really shows his nasty side - forget "the day of Dover" and remember "this aspect of the paradise" - McCoy quickly finds out that his vaulted friend will not stand up for his usual batting and his face gets almost rearranged. Spock also gets it with Zarabeth, a cold female who has been exiled in this cold past as punishment (son of a spoke of track novel, this was written about the outcome of the union). A reminder of all these scenes in the eyes open, which holds or blocks the speech. It is envious that before a few episodes ("Muthuselah's request") McCokh directed that he never know the pain of love - and now all of this will happen. Kirk, in the meantime, got involved with the adult autos, who stressed that some came back in the past ("you are obviously suicide" - the great element of actor Wolf, eventually "Bread and Circus"). It works at the end of all, but, like I mentioned earlier, they cut very close. A perfect little trek adventure, with a certain cosmic slant.
