Steven Spielberg has produced, wrote, even ideas for the episodes of amazing stories, and therefore naturally it must be the greatest mathematician of all time? Unfortunately, there is a mistake. Some episodes are just gorgeous, but all too often it was a mixed bag. In fact, it was reduced to a very mixed way. Some episodes include light comedy, some plays, some were awkward, and even an animation, which was the same, but not as a better version of the Titight Zone (which was almost the same) as 80. <br /> <br /> I usually like a mix of stories on a mythology show, but they did not work here completely. Looks like late in the night on the Lifetime Network, like the "Ghost Train" episode, which Spielberg itself was directed towards, like some more fantasy dramatic episodes. In that episode, it's a message of hope, and gave us a fantastic story, but overall it was finally a build that did not move me away. Horror episodes did better than plays, but there were many dramatic issues and they became tedious to watch. According to acting, this mythology has received some big stars like the original twilight zone. Kevin Coster, Kefar Sotherland, Milton Berl, Dom Deloise, Harvey Kettle, Bou Bridges, Charlie Shane, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Ria Perlman, Danny Davito, Patrick Soze, Christopher Lloyd, Jun Lockheart, Cathy Baker, Wired Al There have been Yankovich and many other well-known show episodes. It is fun to see well known actors in almost every episode of the series. The Great Director also participated in episodes including Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Bart Reynolds, Bob Clarke, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bertell, Joe Dante, Robert Jamkis, Danny Davito, and even Martin Scorsese. I actually recommend more than 80 fans to the director and / or anyone else. <br /> <br /> Amazing stories are sometimes amazing, usually good, sometimes medium, and once a real came out of a real stinker. However, this show has nostalgic values ​​for me, and it's fun to sit in a boring lunch and watch some episodes. John Williams's theme song for the event is seen in anyone who sees it. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good show 30 minutes. Every episode. TVPG
