Actually, I was hoping to hate it and it was only in General James that I tested it ... but I have to say that I have come out of Evil Breed. A group of college kids and their teachers go to a "ground trip" in Ireland. Their residence is located near the woods where it is rumored that strange events are happening and tourists often disappear without a trace. The post-Taura group is warned not to enter the jungle by the caretaker of the property - but the stupid B-movie characters are - they do not pay attention and provide one after one for their mistakes ... First off, a lot of mistakes with EVIL BREED There are. The acting / dialogue is very weak, and my main key is that FAR should have more unnatural nudity than a film featuring Jenny James, Chassy Line, Anping Lynn and Taylor Hays - and the role of Genie in this product is fairly over-hyped, she's about 2 times during the screen There is a total match of the minute. Even less with Chess, and Ginger Lin does not show any skin and it has the worst Irish accent. The last scene of the film does not give any idea, and it seems that it is only thrown to the end of the film. Those gripes aside - there are some good things as well. Both Richard Giro and Chassy Lane rushed in early, Greco's nude smoke ended up in a floating sputum, and Half Half of Chess was broken into pieces (although he finished this way, but not shown on the screen) ... not bad for the first 5 minutes . Other kill scenes are quite innovative, with the removal of the generous breast implant, his man finds his colon through his ass, with a knife through the mouth and some other notable things. The implant and the colon scene also have special features and it is embarrassing that the producers make their valve so that they can talk. Also once it gets moving the film moves along a pretty good clip so that you do not have too much time to be bored. "Animals" FX also clearly helps the expertise which helps. Overall, the Evil Bread was not nearly as bad as I was around. This one with Saturn Little Helper has renewed my interest in direct-to-video movies of America's low-budget. I usually run them completely explicitly, but these two have been decent enough to give me some faith. Evil Bread is not an excellent composition, but it's a great way to sleep for 90 minutes - when you do not suffer from breastfeeding bottles cheap - I know I was, and I'm sure it was not hurt. 7.5 / 10
