A bunch of American students and their teachers decided to study the religious part of Ireland to see the extreme part of Ireland. Despite repeated warnings about the dangers of the beaten path (local lazy Irish people, by dance), they do it and they enter into the family courtesy of the families of pregnant cannibals. The infamous Sunei Bin dynasty, who took the stick from Scotland to Emerald Isle, as the film's stupid plot) <br /> <br /> If you think that pornographic stars are less nudity and horror tones are less likely to happen, then think again: Evil Bread is quarreling with adults, but in reality, there is often no nudity because many 'talent' Expect to be involved and acting, though far from Oscars, it's not all bad (except for the exception of Ginger Lynn Allen We know that RA extraordinary 'French', but the Irish are shy). Campos: After some short underwear canvas, the silicone enhanced hottie is pulled from the tent and knocks half; The man cut his arms and legs and roasted his spit. It starts a very serious, and the bodes are good for the rest of the photo. Unfortunately, after this promising startup, things undoubtedly start to go: we introduce the main character, a boring cluster, the savior just begged to be a cannabal, and most of the terrible false dreams are lost in the form of At times, many Irish people, from the local Irish Verido Gerry (Simon Peak), are very stupid about the atrocities and killings Post-modern conversation about some sub-scrum, horror movie conventions (how cute!) <br /> <br /> It looks like film never will be good, director Christian Violin decides to be serious: a man through his head Featuring knife and a weird sex-in-shower scene featuring lovely blonde Gillian Laying (not a porn star, but I'm sure there's an action Life wants it to wait). Then, the cancer rapidly improves things like entering the body of grease gear and the film transforms into a real blood pressure: An ass of Gary makes her ass (almost time!) And is covered with her intestine; Ginger Leak kick-box is a mutant; Genie James Piece is open, and her silicone breast implant has gnawed by the confused cannabal; A guy gets decapitated by cheese wire; And Taylor Heiss is seen bloody, throbbing and naked with a dead fetus on her legs (formally, she is caught and used as a breeding stock). <br /> <br /> All these are so tragic that less interesting things are beneficial, and Evil Bred acquires a final rating of 7/10. <br /> <br /> Nb. As a result of a very annoying production and studio suppression, the Christian Voil project finally abandons the project. Re-shoots and gore for a US release are extensively pruning. The good news is that even though the movie does not flutch as it flows and it is cursed by a terrible ending, the UK DVD (the version I have seen) seems to have left it relatively fragile until Splatter is concerned. (Total 13 films were roughly cut).
