I really like Richard Gere ... I have always been there and it seems that his status as a Hollywood star and money maker has diminished, but I think he is playing a very mature, intense role and his hacks, the hunting party (of course, See the film! Check out my reviews!) And now this is a wonderful look which is meant to mean the flock. I saw him at Large release, considering it's 3.5 million + budget. It seems like the other IMDB review is very difficult, because I thought that the film worked on a very serious, serious, social problem on a very direct, violent and boring road, and only brought it home. It's an action thriller drama that has covered my story with television. I think the problem is that people think that this is Hollywood - a serious problem is evaluated but I do not think it works out of disrespect but trying to take a different spin to be aware of the public. In fact it is similar to dealing with the fighting party of the Hunting Party. Hong Kong's director Y-Kuang Lau has done a good job, which has been held together but I think the cast is ready to watch it. <br /> <br /> As Richard Gere, you have guessed from my previous comments that a brilliantly registered violent sex offender came to keep track of his "pastor" when he created his own style and law, the kind of Erroll Babbage. He follows these followers and does not follow them and they make sure that they do not object to it again and if he does, he can identify it and stop them. Gere looks so intense and drained from this work and he became violent and angry at watching these monsters loose on the street. She is just superb. Blair's new partner and as his replacement, he wants to train Claire Dons to do his job. Dance's character is a little more acceptable by the more general social workers and style of the band and methods, but gradually she realizes what she is trying to achieve and against. Both of them are bright together and have terrible chemistry with such great characters. KD Strictland Acting as a very memorable character, Carl Homelka (currently Paul Barnardo's wife who is out now), for someone who follows the serial killers of Canada, plays a disturbed registered criminal. His character goes a little bit at the top, but he is once a believer and scary. Russell Sam has a small role as Stratland's new boyfriend, and probably has played a better role. Ray Weiz, who is a terrific character actor (along with a wonderful look at the Dead End, saw that Satan himself is a WB show ripper) and he plays a small but good role as the head of the public security division and the lord of the band. <br /> <br /> The movie is not perfect even though its lead cast is superb acting. The film takes independence trying to entertain the film more than education, but it is a different angle that is not contrary to the 8-millimeter of Nicholas cage. Shepherds take you to sexual trade, kidnapping, trafficking, and more and it's really something to really look forward to. Perhaps it was not directed or written and it may be, but I'm telling you that this movie together with Dance and C has created a completely viewable and truly great thriller. It's annoying but something that is not complicated and yet, in many ways, Gher's character opens up a complex, complex and social stigma with many layers and when you look at people related to Cerber you think about alerts in different ways. I encourage you to ignore all the poor reviews and see for yourself because it is worth the test! 8.5 / 10
