I wanted to find this picture because I wanted to see a new free fan and more. First of all, its Irish accent is great. He seems to have got a deep ear for the dialect. His acting was incredible, as usual. On one side of James Franck, I thought the film was done very well. It has shown clashes in North Maryland * It's really * It really is. Both sides are guilty for serious injustices, and men pulled into conflict are usually to say very little about their circumstances. Also, it is interesting to realize that not every man (or woman) is supposedly fighting for his country, * doing just that * really. For example, when Keny (James Frayne) asks Zinger (Ian Hart) why he "does it", Ginger can not come up with a morally acceptable answer. Why? Because the tribal does not have the great reason for the protection of its country or its fellow Protestant rights ... it is there to make fun of the ginger. She is full of blood desires and it works perfect for a man like her. In such a struggle, there are people like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their lives and enjoy their family ... those who watch war are just starting to fight more. Kenny such boys are born, they give full leadership to charisma, and they add fuel to the fire, rather they mean or do not. Also, Keene actually believes in "cause". He believes that what he's doing will make a difference in the future ... which is a bit weird 'because his character seems very intelligent for him. However, like other seemingly intelligent men, he sucked in a gang lifestyle and even realized it ... 'It's too late. Then Anger, a pure psycho that is not fighting for any other reason, but for its very exciting, which creates a valuable asset in a gangland type battle, some might argue. However, in this film, Gaga has ended its value, and it has become a dangerous loose cannon. <br /> <br /> The last one tragedy is that everything comes to warmth and is predicted. What makes this movie worthwhile, which shows both aspects of the old conflict of this age. To be American, I can not begin to fully understand what the struggle is all about. But, I know there is a better way. <br /> <br /> Everyone, good acting, touching ... but trouble-free movies.
