Sometimes they are lucky and have a hit in their hands (Wayne's world, the first one, not the second). But in most cases they are ugly (it seems pat rather fast). This time Tim Meadows as Ladies Man out. This movie somewhere falls into a hit and a bud. It was very interesting for the first 20 minutes, but then, it usually happens with SNL squats, before it ends, before it finishes it starts slowly. <br /> <br /> Team Midness Leon Phelps, a night DJ at The Lady's Man, a radio DJ. He answers any and all questions related to sex and relationships, usually in the simplest way. Everything seems to come down eventually butt. After pushing the station manager Leon Button, his producer Julie (Curian Person) was assaulted and had to find another job. Random blue out, his ex-woman comes in a letter. The letter gives wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem being the letter signed is the letter. So to find Leone to find her dream woman, she must find the women she was taken. But sometimes, Billy de Williams in the film says that your dream woman is standing in front of you. There is also a sub-plot about a group of guys / girls who have been sleeping with Leon, and they first want to portray him (who is in his body parts with a tattoo in his physiological organs). Leading leaders of these bunch, surprise! Ferrell will be from SNL. First off, I thought sub-plots were rather hair. The singing and dancing material was completely worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell but here he just does not click for me. And the rest of the people who only tagged the scalab, and finally everyone decided that their wife / girlfriend was actually cheating on them. So return the original story. The story basically centers around Leone and sex. So what comes down to it, if you do not like the character of Leon, you will not like the movie. His voice, his behavior, his conversation is what the movie carries. I'm not a big fan of Team Meadows. I have never been a special actor in SNL. I really really liked her, the only thing was that her Ladies Man skits. But the good thing about them, they usually involve guest hosts (remember one with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For about 5 minutes, they were pretty funny. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's really fun. The best that I did about the character of the film was that he used to remain in character. She waved from her buttocks ever wanted to get to just get laida. In the end where this was the transition, and current speech for the current type of things. Apart from that, it was good to keep Leone as Leon, and nothing less than that could change him. If you can not guess, this movie does not have many materials. But before I said that the beginning of the movie was very interesting. Smiling at some real loud moments, rolling all sex and its prejudice. The problem with this film and certainly most other SNL spins are closed, this is a character that is shown only for a few minutes at a time. Within 80 minutes the idea is very difficult to expand. This problem is obviously why they need sub-plots, because without it, this film can be a little bit of an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it started to be annoying. <br /> <br /> Overall, Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but it was not as good as others. It was some fun moments, the first 20 minutes were quite good, but the rest pulled. There was an unnecessary sub-plot whose sole purpose was to prolong the film. The bottom line is that if you like Tim Midow and his Leon Phelps character, you can watch the movie. If he bothers you, do not even bother. You just do not want to see Tiffani Theissen in some nice publisher clothing. <br /> <br />
