As soon as it can be pronounced, I've really delayed viewing "The Barbarians" because VHS covers (and the picture shown here in the photo picture) look incredibly gay! Now I hope I saw it because the movie is not so much homosexual ?? Just trashy, delicious, camping and enormous fun! It is almost unbelievable that a person who is responsible for this ridiculous cash-in in "Canble Holocaust" director Raggero DeDoo, contemporary popular sword and sandal fantasy flicks, especially in Schwarzenegger's Canaan movies. The film opens a great "one-on-a-time-off-off-screen" author, which introduces us to Ragnox. Their founders are able to access each country as their country of independence travel and entertainment, which once serves a complete mountain business of pure gold for the only magical strong Ruby. In other words, the rugens are a bunch of circus freaks! Greedy Quader kidnaps Ragnik's beautiful queen Canary and her happiness is stagnant while trying to find Ruby somewhere. Meanwhile, and for a while as a fun disassembly, two orphan brothers, Gore and Kutek are trained for muscle fighters and they are ready to fight each other uninterruptedly in combat. Rather, they fled from the plan to free their queen and develop. In fact, the plot is not primarily half as horrible, but most of the fun is given to brothers on screen chemistry, funny inactive conversations, and of course, absolutely Cesi fantasy monsters, especially like a dragon. Intriguing eyes, innocuous creatures and some kind of zombies that appear pop out of useless folds. Soundtrack and make-up effects are great and our Almighty director Deodato maintains a terrifically fast speed. Barbaryan's acting ability was much better than my expectations, yet one of them consistently made listening to gross bellings. Assistive cast as well as excellent. Eva La Rue never liked the look of an amazingly intelligent girl, Virginia Bryant has played a wonderful role like Richard Lynch's on several occasions and the beautiful Sheba Alahani is her first and only appearance, as a naughty scientist with a donut shaped hairstyle. (I'm not joking with you!). At least but not least, "The Barbarians" star Michael Beryman as the perfect creator of a mountain of darts. I know that the exhibited image looks more serious than the publicity campaign of the rise and fall of the musical version of the village, but "The Barbarians" will really see the highlight of an Italian exploitation.
