Late Grand Voyage is a dark act of the film, due to the unclear script of writer / director Ismael Ferhokhi, which has deepened the scenes of natural scene and the star performances of star Nicholas Kajale and Mohamedda. Funny photo is interesting to carry on the emotional impact. Faroukhiri's view grew substantially by the Catalan painter (a sensitive mix of horizontal turmoil and draws two images between characters) and Fozi Gerdzu's musical score, who managed to maintain some beautiful themes throughout the film. Many local music diversity movie surveys from many countries. <br /> <br /> Rada (Nicholas Kajale) lives with her Muslim family in southern France, a Western girlfriend who does not seem to follow the religious aspects of her heritage. His elderly father (Mohammad Majd) decided that during his time he could not reach and reach Hazrat Makkah in Makkah, requesting unwillingness to leave his personal needs to bear his highest religious obligations. A fragile automobile was built to go to Saudi Arabia via France and in Bulgaria via Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey. Aside from traveling, Raida requested her father to have some interesting views, but her father paid attention to the purpose of the trip, and Rada was annoyed to fight her father's claim. In their pilgrimage, they meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) who joins themselves and eventually leave the Turkish male Mustafa (Jackie Nurse) Rada, who promised to instruct the father / boy, but instead brings a conflict to Reda Drunk in water and disappear, and unlimited border guards and customs Agents delay their progress due to various reasons. Tension between father and son Mount: The significance of this pilgrimage is so difficult that, with justice and sadness, the Red does not understand so seriously and that the father did not understand the indifference of the Red on the father's religious beliefs and needs. In the end, they reach Mecca where they are surrounded by jewels from pilgrims from all over the world and feel the importance of travel and overpowering Rada. The story that comes close to it is touching and rich in money. It has adopted a religious pilgrimage, between youth and old age, between son and father and religious values ​​and for the recovery of the gap between acceptance. <br /> <br /> The visual effect of this image is extraordinary - much more reason seems to be 'happening' with special effects to capture the beauty of many close points besides the camera they need to improve. Nicholas Kajale is an outstanding actor (be sure to see his most recent and currently shown film 'The Grossers Sona') and this is his carefully motivated role that brings magic to this movie. Another fine film from The Film Movement, this is a flexible story that has been brilliantly called. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
