After "non Dirty Shame", I never thought I was going to watch another Waters movie. That movie was really bad, I'm sure that all its movies will be like that. But when the movie's DVD is reviewed in a popular magazine and they say it's a great movie, I still tried to try it out. Just a few days later it was shown on television. I've taped this from curiosity and now I have seen it, I can tell you that this "Pecker" is much better than "A Dirty Shame". <br /> <br /> In this movie we see how a young man from Baltimore has become an overnight artist in the New York industry. She is a sandwich shop employee who photographed photography photographs as a hobby for her strange family or street. She puts her first 'exhibition' where she works, her photographs are noticed by the gallery owner, who likes pictures full of sadness and curiosity. His photographs are sold for a lot of price, but when he sees that his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides that he will not go to New York, if they want to see him more, they have to come. . And they, but they can see it, they can never imagine a bigger shock than it could ... <br /> <br /> It's not difficult to see why I love a lot more than this movie "A dirty sham". The first reason is that this movie has an actual story. This movie really has something to say and is not intended to shock many people as soon as possible. They make fun of the industrial world considering the general things like art, because the reality does not know what it is, not just funny, it is not far from the truth. I suppose that many people think that way in the modern industry. Nobody understands why they are making such false statements about this, but apparently we all like to like it. The second reason why I liked this movie was because it had a much better performance performance. I'm not saying that everything you see is great, but thanks to the achievements of various actors like Edward Farlung, Christina Ricchi, at least characters. <br /> <br /> This is not a great movie, but thanks to its criticism and some good joke - which does not really go too far - it's an enjoyable movie. It's certainly not the best comedy ever, but I've loved it more than "a dirty shake". I give this movie a 6.5 / 10.
