I like this movie. Director Michael Powell once said that this is his favorite film, and that too is my favorite film. Powell and the Pressberg created a seemingly simple, well-written story - love power against "power". However, its hype lies in its complexity to "prove it real or imagined". Basically, someone can argue that it is only an illustration of the impact of the war, the poisoned air force in the WWII era. Or is it? The question is not answered in one way or another. In fact, it is not even asked. This series is an integral part of the movie appeal. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and cinematography also include some nice touches by portraying the interests of filmmakers. For example, the Press Hub always wanted to make a cinematic version of Richard Strauss' opera, Der Rosenkavalier about the 18th-century Venetian nobility. In brief contact it is clear that Conductor 71, with all its perfection, wearing roses (which shows silver in heaven). Music has even a dreamy quality. <br /> <br /> The first rate of all acting - David Niven is her most charming, and she has excellent support from experienced Roger Livesey and relative newcomer Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the character of the movie comes from Marriage Garing as the Conductor 71. She has the most striking role, she fills each of her scenes with innocent heart, making the film bright. It is very sad that some scenes of conductor 71 left the cutting room on the floor. Apart from the wonderful videos of The Scarlet Pimpern Television series in the 1950s, Garing's comedic genius is rarely seen in the film. This is by far and away the most memorable role of his film career. He is so naturally contrasts with a perfect foil for the discouraged style of Niveen and the remnant of its virtual extra-level characters. Wickedly, in the mid-1940s, Nivan also played against another heavenly "messenger", which acted as Curry Grant in Barry's wife. Their acting style was very similar that I found the results boring, unenergetic, and frustrating. According to Powell, according to Powell, Gering wanted the role of Peter Carter very impressively, initially the conductor 71 refused. This is a good thing that he gave and gave us such a colorful illustration. <br /> <br /> "The film" makes it more easy for her to relate to unrelated relations between Britain and the United States, "she said. But in the gentle reminder of the horrors of war it is disarmed - both soldiers and civilians must be killed while facing death. There is a vague lack of WWII "enemies" in Heaven, but the indefinite origin of the civilians shown. Powell and the Pressberg could become more evident in their illustration but it was not necessary. The film may not have been expected to serve its diplomatic purpose, but its originality inspired the ongoing filmmakers and viewers on both sides of the Atlantic.
