Some unexpected films carry a message that a few hours later and days of viewing This is an example for Carroll's Journey (El Viez de Carole), a beautifully created 2002 film by Spain Garcia Rollanan, a novel 'A Boca de Noche' based on the novel, which adapted this book as a playback. War and its consequences are not new to movies, but when the theme of the fight plays as a fine driving force for the development of children (especially children) in the background, those who may face adult life influenced by adult games, the results are different and more humorous in the continuation of age film continuity . <br /> <br /> Carroll (Clara Lago), a 12-year-old Spanish American young man in New York, who was critically ill of his mother Arora (Maria Bernanko) in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War in his house, in the house of his father, Don Emilio (Alvaro De Luna) is a house left Carroll's father Robert (Ben Temple) is a warrior pilot who collaborates with Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family. Orro has a past: he leaves his lover Alfonso (Alberto Jimenez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso is married to Arora's cool sister Dolores (Lusina Gill). Carol is an independent girl who is with everyone else except her grandfather, Don Amélie, unless she meets her age is not her class: Tomsk (Juan José Balleta) and her two friends hate Carol first, but events such as Carroll and Tomiche Love is ties to feel like the first awakenings. When Orra dies due to his illness, Carroll should have Alfonso and Dolores and his daughter must be with Blanca (Luna McGill), in support of her and her mother's best friend and teacher Maruja (always bright Rosa Maria Sarda) should return to her grandfather. And his intelligent fight discrimination between his intelligent father that keeps from his side. Through a series of events, Carroll and Tomich learn to work harder to become an adult, enjoying more attacks in the short time of war, most of us enjoy the whole life experience. In the end, though, sadly, the journey to Carroll's maturity journey begins. <br /> <br /> This image is shot in Galicia and Portugal, and the film has some beautifully beautiful settings, which is composer Gonzalo F. Bareidi and gentle sensitive light holds on. Benen is enhanced by the musical score of Mendigal. The director Imanul Uribe understood a deluded departure from Batho and gave a more powerful statement about the inimicality and cruelty of the war to focus on the children's story. Cast exceptional: They are clearly young Clara and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by fine veteran actors in adult roles. It's a visually stunning job with a permanent message and it should find a lot more audience than this date. Grady Harp
