In the opening flourishes left purring with joy on their inner entities - changed versions of Archers logo, introductory disclaimer, way of pans on camera way the universe. It seems strange that 'this is an extraordinary life' in the same year. There was no big coincidence: In the 1940s films of the heavens and the earth had the courage; But when the face of competition bright copper wool faces Nebulas and cutesy angels, when Alfred Junge's vision is placed next, pass some of the maximum on silence. <br /> <br /> It looks great all the way through, and more interesting ideas are sprung on us. I'm not usually a great fan of black and white color mixing. Nearly another one looks almost ugly when another visual scheme is around another. Not so here. Powell exchanges color and flashes in multiple colors so that it is the world's most natural thing, only palettes change. Both the color photography and black and white can stand on themselves. <br /> <br /> For the story ... it may be the best script in the press board, or at least it can be even more conclusive. Previous event logical results. Otherwise it is tight, but more likely I could be lazy here. The heavenly things were real or imagined? (Or both? Perhaps Carter dreamed that it happened, really.) Everyone says that we do not want to ask us and do not want to answer this question, but why not? I'm sure that we are asking the question. The film also answers to us what the answer is - in fact, the problem is that there are many sources and they first point out different directions. Along with other things, we should draw attention that it does not mean that it can not occupy us as well. As I said earlier, there are a lot going on. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene where Abraham Farlan (Paradise Judge Lawyers) ran a radio broadcast of a cricket match and said abusively, the voice of England, 1945. " Reeves (defense) acknowledged the exhibition with a big shame and then made one of his own: A blues song from America, which Faranan had heard that he did not get lemon in his face. Reeves looks smug. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I can not see why it is snowboarding to blame the blues music - and whatever Powell and the Presbyver is doing, it is not. As the song is being played, we got a shot from American soldiers to listen to it: Many of them have clamped the houses completely. They do not find it understandable. There is nothing valuable about the song and there is no reverse and Farlan does not know what it is. Reeves probably understand as much as possible Apart from telling all English audiences (and all Australian, Indian, as well as viewers), it is known that cricket broadcasting has some value; And when Reeves realized, he could not explain Faranan - so the blues were broadcast, which shows that after understanding everything else, people can understand each other. This is a cute scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I thought David Nivell a bit cold, without his career, he would achieve his career later; But even then, I do not think that after a movie has started, my picture has taken a picture very quickly, as it did one.
