I'm still new to the wormmy genre and only this I saw that it was a somewhat frustrating 'The Dead Eyes of London' before and, which did not inspire the extraordinary hope for the rest of the others. In my section But if I had seen the first one, then the Girl Child of the College was different in the eyes of crime, like a malicious and unexpected attempt. It is very fun to watch and it is very hard to hate a movie, which drives a lot of strange and wonderful ideas in script and pull it with style. The film starts from a lab where a mad scientist has discovered that it is a new and highly toxic poison that kills its prey and feels like it is dead from a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal masterman who breaks down the ordinary criminals (and then they are returned to prison) to continue their murder using this poison. According to the title, it is a nearby college where most of the girls are hunted. There is also a mysterious monk wearing red color, who roamed around a broken neck with a belle. <br /> <br /> Of course, with such a plot; This is not a serious matter, and the director clearly knows that the film has too much tongue-in-the-mill video, which will make it well with the plot. Unfortunately, this plot has many different aspects that everything is not smoothly running; Although this is not a big problem because things are rocketed throughout the film and there is always enough time for the audience to be interested. The atmosphere is superb and the color scheme on display is very similar. Of course, this image is based on the novel Adger Wallace and clearly has a great imagination for the people; The locations used are fantastic and when a killer's layer is decked out with a host of wild and exotic animals, it can not provide any relevance to the plot, it also helps to give extra 'some' movies. You can not expect a complete conclusion of the money that you are going to do in this movie; But the cause of murder is understandable and a satisfactory way to finalize the film. Overall, College Girl Murders are a wonderful little mystery flush and highly recommended that one comes!
