Prostatic gas, a white killer white strap holder is a red clansman suit and a murderer donated Hood, and a mysterious mastermind listed paid by the convicted criminals, college college girl killer who keeps his face hidden in an office containing turtles and fish's aquariums. Scotland Yard's Inspector, Higgins (Aizovich Fuschburger) and his superior Sir John (Segfried Schürenberg) must have fulfilled his hand in this case. It seems to all students Anne Portland (Uschi Glas) near the center, when he is 21 years old, is a huge wealth heir. The target girls share a room with Ann, but the reason behind their murder is to find the best of SEO remains a mystery. Girls' dormitory staff seem to be hiding everything, and some members of the faculty have been caught in the mask of red monk clothing, who are shocked by the scourge of the attackers, who are gifted with genius. To use freshly made toxic gases created by a scientist murdered at the beginning of the film, a mysterious man was appointed by the commission, which is considered financial exchange for his creation. This is a smart plan where a driver, Greaves (Gunter Mysner) is involved with the perpetrators (who hide in a barrel) who assist in the corrupt prison. Darkening in the secret room of the mastermind, he ordered them to kill and kill them. The unveiling of this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John because it will take them to the truth about the killings and why it is happening to them. Among the suspects are Dormitory Headmistress, her writer's brother, a sweat, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, snapping gardener and banner. Each time the loop is thrown for each loop, until the original mastermind is discovered the red horns are thrown. The last feature multiple twists <br /> <br /> I have found that among the movies, College Girl Murders is the closest to a giyalo with its colorful killer, it is a wonderful plot that is very surprising and potentially suspected and in the dormitory of Sordenen Schenanjan and college girls among adults. I think you can also see the effect of James Bond in this particular sequence of film that the secret secret secret secret (which is not used) of Wilson Mastermind, when the fake Bible / water pistol opens, the gas burns the surprise hunting face, the GREEV Royals Royce, which launches There is, in the back seat, without revealing the passenger, the windows turn into darkness and girls have their cells And used to spying girls during swimming. Many may be responsible for how Sir threatens the power of Higgins for his abstract, barbaric behavior and in reality. (Perhaps it's fun to tell - all British inspectors who do more harm than it can solve) .. I think he used comedy relief, especially in his efforts with the suspects and psychologists of potential predators, what he was often told was wrong. Understand Higgins uses skills acquired in her years as an investigator, instead of following signs / events, often avoiding as much as possible to Sir John. Reliable alfred is the competent side of the fountain which keeps the speed in motion and has excellent plates and interesting ingredients. This is actually the suspect of many adults around autumn, one of them might be one of them. Calling the shot behind wielding a whip or killing those women who executed. I would say it would be best for criminally the best (if not the best), because it guides you, always it slowly starts slowly. Open (..and, you'll also get a literal unmasking of the original Masterman to drag the strings).
