This is probably the fastest and most action-packed in the series of German Edgar Wallace's "Kormi" series, which was previously. A Cross between the Crosses and Batman and Man of UNC Man's 60 Pop Thrillers in the Movies of the Lord. It reproduces the stimulant villain from an earlier film, which donates a stylish monk's habit and breaks the neck of the hunters with a fierce whip curl. In the girls' schools of girls, it is filled with intermediate professors, and the police hate every hat-tru-trat secretary in every opportunity, it must be frustrating at the wonderful political-wrong times. The next Wallace-based movie contains a specific link, the excellent gaolo "White Happened to Solange?", Which is also worried that female students are being polluted by their elders (and corrupt). Appropriately suitable for the monk theme, Master Mind Villen uses the leaked Bible to deal with some of the death penalty, and also maintains a reptile-full black hole to entertain its captive spectators. <br /> <br /> Alfred was the most spectacular and visually entertaining man of the series, and here is the real star of the Larryd Color Simmettography show. The beggar appeared in a red-colored girl and dresses, while closing the delicious white whip, appeared against the purplish night's background. There is also a voyeur-friendly Feroza swimming pool, which is a brilliant milieu for Nubail students and both look as cool as chasing a galaxy for killing scenes. The trademark "kicker" hiding the "end" card in the last scene set is also quite memorable. And there are great brassie and twinkie scores for retro-music fans. <br /> <br /> Supporters of this series will definitely miss the character of Flip-end Eddie Arant in this next movie. Instead, the Chief Inspector played the role of Sir John Bafun, he is convinced that he mastered criminal psychology after taking a few nights course. Unfortunately, Claus Kinsky went on to big and better things. At this time, the Crimea lost some of their overwhelming charm, and now has worked on many popular pop-culture levels, making each other accessible to the audience.
