Another Pokemon hit the movie theater, again, I heard the same old, "Pokémon is dead, Allah is Allah." Franchisee's opponents can not be more wrong. Kids are still playing trading card games, they are still watching TV series, they are waiting for the Game Boy Advanced Games, and they want to see the "Fourth Movie Movie". <br /> She said, "The Pokemon The Fourth Movie" presented us with two other "legends" Pokémon: Sukuyen, Lor's "North Wind", and celebrity, guardian of forest (and the star of the show). The celebrity and the future Sam moved a boy, 40 years old, in the present day, where Walkman Train is going through Ash, his faithful Pikchu and his friend Brock and Miss Zohor. Sam and Ash became fast friends, once they discover mutual love for Pokemon (Sam's Vintin Poplock is a great moment with screw-on top) Together they decided to save Selby from the story's villain, the team rocket agent, known as the perfect creator, Weiss, who is taking Selby to her own end. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Selibi from the World's Dark Balls? Suicune is fit in the movie? Will there be a bigger part in this movie before Jesse, James, and Meoth? And who really is Sam? <br /> <br /> Like the first 3 pictures, if you go to the movie, decide that you are going to hate it automatically, but whatever it is, it's pixel (or just because your child / nieves / nieces / younger brother / Eaters Katara "dragged you"), then you are going to hate it because you decide that you want to hate it. It may be, but it is simply a Pokemon movie, and especially not seen in the trick to trash the "Pokemon The Fourth Movie" trash, is simply stupid. Apart from knowing the last description of Pokemon's world, non-fans can enjoy this movie. I'm not saying that you will become a Pokemon fan due to this movie, but if you can give yourself a hand, you can enjoy it. <br /> <br /> In contrast to the first 3 Pokémon movies, "The fourth Pokemon movie" is being distributed by Miramax, which I have heard, 5th Pokémon is also working for the rights of the film's rights, which was released in Japan last summer. Myamax claims, "Picman The Fourth Movie" has been claimed to have some bofo-aggressive marketing strategies, but I have seen it so far, it is a poorly limited publication, which is not short at the beginning of the beginning, which I'm really looking forward to at this time. Hopefully the Miramax Picchu short, known as "Picnic's Exciting Hide and Seek", will depend on at least DVD / VHS releases, if there is no future Liberation War of "Picman the Fourth movie". I hope the current version is just ice tip for this very entertaining movie.
