Early in the late 30's and early 40's, there was a golden age for adventure films, growth in budget during economic recovery, changes in screen entertainment after the production code became effective, and the usual uncomfortable time of optimism. Most of them were wild, superhuman and often wrongly harmful and the exploiters of hearty exploiter like the Iral Flin and Tiren Power, the Ganges Dina is very different in its focus, opportunity and voice. <br /> <br /> The secret of Part Ganga Day is the Labor Department of the authors' team. The original story of the most accomplished and famous writer of the Golden Age of Hollywood, Ben Hect and Charles MacArthur. But the actual screenplay was the work of Joel Serre and Fred Gull, both of whom had a background in the Gayolle comedy. What we get from these four is a plot that is well-balanced and spicy, yet spicyly spiced with ridiculous touch. Most adventures of this period were at least partially comedy, usually featuring one or two comic-relief supporter players, but they do not use smiles in the Ganges Dinat. Here, all major characters are capable of being objects or jokes. The scene exploded suddenly due to the terrible danger of bad people, because the scene fluttered in light heartfelt rebellion. The first major battle scene is Douglas Fairbanks' silently swashbucklers style action and gags combining an even handover, currents, which failed to replicate the Flin's and Power Vehicles extensively. The action must take a break in the middle of the Ganges Dina and there are lots of takedown scenes for the plot. But for continuous forays in comedy ?? Such spiked punch routines ?? This "slow" part makes the portable. <br /> <br /> When producer-director George Steven brings such a thing naturally, he is doing his tooth in the Hallow Roche studio and almost exclusively operated comedy to this point. It features its first full action action, and he works a nicely well. Especially using its running point-view shot will make fighting fun more enjoyable. Is this something of the era action picture you rarely see ?? A sense of real fear and fear. He set up with a lot of shots with this shot and foreboding mountains and dwarfing characters. Illustrations of the abandoned village and the thiege cultist Kali! Genuinely hunting This level of fear takes place among other other emotions that works here, creates anxiety for our favorite characters, and making more relief to the comedy tensions. <br /> <br /> The talent is a real touch of the way the intended hero is launching the audience. Our view has been made aware of Dean, since they are addressed in a number of scenes before addressing him or verbally giving him a verse. For this reason, we are convinced that Dinaj is not an important person among the regiments but he is quickly becoming a significant character and very sympathetic to us, we consider his life to be risky and provide water to dead people. <br /> <br /> The best efforts of authors and managers are vain without any capable cast. Do not be afraid, Ganga is the top for the Dinar! Victor McLaughlin and Kerry Grant were ideally suited for the material, because their best role is generally found anywhere in the spectrum between drama and comedies. Especially Grant was his best, most trusted but occasionally at the top of the top and trademark of capturing. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not much bigger than her heavyweight carer standards, but she's no worse. And of course, Sam Zaff, cursing this wonderful little weird player for cursing, but others can play with such glory and humanity? I'm not ready to confiscate the amalgamation of the Iranian flin and tiren power, and in fact most of them are full classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga does something that is not good for Sash Shankar's and even the best. It is not only with the male lead or the clutched DF, but it successfully combines action style with comedy and disgust, as some pictures have been earlier or later. And that's fabulous.
