I did not know my young man for some time, which is generally known about this movie, but the way to make a film does not really attract my attention, this motion picture also made it the most loved film. The day I ever saw the heroes, heroes and honors served in his Hirojasee service. This film does not always seem to be, and it should probably be, but I do not say enough to show the courage. Sgt.Cutter wanted to dedicate his life to the defense of the same uniform so that he and his soldiers were threatened with the rise of this group of thieves. <br /> <br />. A person who has a lot to give you advice about, and then you see this vague belief that the queen of England is not a celestial celestial body. I think all its worth and its character was great. The brave brave soldier who was not afraid. I think Grant was outstanding in this role, he really made a very sophisticated tactics that he wore. He thought he was not balantine shoes-in fact, there was a lot of conviction in there that you might not be able to keep watching because it is still a picture. What i mean This image is still just a motion picture and like a story that takes place on these events and how it was actually done with an eye on how the film was actually done and why these different opinions like this motion picture will confuse your attention. Both ballantines and matchlesses are equal to dedication with both men at the same time. During his great mood, working time like men's work is lazy and lazy. It closes these three things well and I think it's a date with the fate of Balantine or if you think it's an effective, even usable interlude, there are fate as well as you have luck. Is it credible? I do not know. I think it escapes from the backs of death at Tantrapur when the company is very suitable and they are pulling the tails as they are approaching the head as Balantine tells the other two that he leaves the service and is getting married and going to tea business. McChesney says he can sign up for another 9 years. This will expel a man from him. I like that feeling. <br /> <br /> I do not think that brave brave brave soldiers do not have any doubt about representing your best interests. Where this last, it can never actually be the end. Her interests are so good for what is important in this world that I have enjoyed this image today as much as I enjoyed the image at the age of ten. I never knew about the authenticity of this film when I went to history and got information about Kali. Kali's goddess has spoken and spoken about all the historical significance, and the image of this motion takes the quality that I refer to as intelligence. It is trying an honest effort to express a belief. I think this is an extraordinary movie. Jean Steven managed <br /> <br /> There are some things to be aware of, I do not think all the information will rise with history but journalist Mr. Keyping issues can be very emotional because the others are characters but this is Rudyard Kipling? George Stevenson went to the top for a time and a time before this incident actually happened. The information is honest, compulsory and it will not only happen to you but you need to understand why you love Ganga Dinena so much. Black watch is out of the distance and they are heading towards the most specific danger and possible defeat until the soldiers are warned. Sgt.Cutter is severely injured and is also blocked by Balantine as well as against Machchona. There is a deep wound on his back chest, leaving the bayonet penetrating deeper into the body. As a result, alerting the alarming kernel, the Dean gradually climbs with the capabilities of our most sincere desires in this life, and Tigiji moves to scale the pillars at the top of the temple. The sound of the Ganges Dean sounds to be used in advance. A very large scale war ensues and the enemy is destroyed. It looks now that his bullet-riddled body, which killed the dead on a pile of stones as the Ganges Day, is so dramatic and filled with tense position, says Sgt.Cutter's good job soldier. I do not know any other dramatic moment or where we say what I mean to sacrifice, when the soldiers predict the imminent dangers. <br /> <br /> The last is far from anti-climatic, which is the day of the Ganges and what it means for the honorable man in the uniform, for whom he is dedicated. The Belantin knows his heart and asks the colon to take care of his listed papers and it satisfies him with the paper to be honest with the papers listed in his pocket. Perhaps at a more appropriate time. The colonel says that now that everyone has gathered, we have been a soldier for a day and have further commented on how happy they were there in the protest. Macchney said that he wanted to get the colonel to get a bloomin medal from here. This is a very interesting subject and then he came to Dinak. Now here is a person who is not really in a situation so I'm going to make him a physical recruiter and his name will be written as our honorable dead. Poetry I stand standing beside the grave of the Coppelings and thinks it is standing in shiver and scales. Ganga Dina Bravo!
