I'm going to review two movies completely because I think how it should be considered and taken care of. When I talk about 'film', then I'm talking about 1 and 2 parts when they saw each other as they should be. <br /> <br /> Thanks to Anderson Anderson, Steven Soderberg and Bensio del Toro. << br /> <br /> This image is a refreshing, bold, great and true movie. And, it sounds a new style of filmmaking No wrong drama. Track any healthy sound. Wrong documentary style is not Just clearing the shots and making an attempt to stick events. I've read John Anderson's "Che Guevara: A revolutionary life" and recently finished Fidel's auto biography, and it helped my ability to open this movie properly. But I say that it is the complete, last, and wonderful biography of John Anderson that gave the film the right historical back bone. Anderson was the counselor in this film (or these two films). This photo makes it really clear what it does. To make a straight music or slow photography drama, even more importantly; No fake documentary camera camera Just square shot and straight forward shooting style. The type of camera used is suitable for you in the jungle. Bensio del Toro should be given full respect for this, I never used to suspect him in the chamber across the chamber ... not once. She did a wonderful job and I'll honor her forever for her. Some people complain that this film is not only about 2 pieces of life but also not complete. But I think this is one of the most beautiful aspects of this movie: it does not try to do everything. It does not try to 'tell stories'. A person's life is too many to try and say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the delicate beauty of this movie, it prevents that temptation and gets a voice for our chain, focuses on its developing merit mind and the forces around it. It focuses on three fruits of time: Boltista, Che's UN lecture and the fight of throwing gorilla preparations in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diary" has already told its young man, and instead I have to pay attention to other aspects. Thank Soderberg I mention John Anderson's book and the film seems to be true. The only weak link for me is casting Matt Damon (not performance). In an actual truly loaded lifestyle of life, an American, (Matt Damon) Bolivian playing an incandescent expanse - he did well, but after so much care of the cast, it was an additional site. Small and complete forgiveness. The rest of the casting gives you, and most notably Bensio del Tor's extraordinary work, put my list on top of my list. <br /> <br /> This picture goes directly to the video and tells how some cold war policies that sometimes a 'revolutionized Cuban' may not be able to calm their story sometimes. If the secret is not muffling out, the effect of properly completed promotion is that these issues are prejudiced out. It must be a must see the film, and we should remember about the expansion of the international / political financial chess steps of John Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" a 40, 50 and 60, South American neighbors have made unrestrained pressure and the impact fostered it.
