Probably the most brilliant thing about Che: Part Two, as we begin to integrate with each other part of our mind, there is no explanation for choosing to return secretly from Cuban after Che Revolution, there is no indication of his experience Congo, why he called Bolivia a coup For his next setting, he has no explanation, he is on a young motorcycle across South America Rinata political decisions did not answer, which has contacts with Walter syalesera. Cherie is given an extraordinary focus to meet with his guerrilla group of volunteers. Yet, in order to establish a relationship in the United States, they are not alone in their efforts. He is reasonably irrational Che drive an ongoing doctrine left no injured people behind. But she does not feel that she is deeply concerned with her men directly. This is the idea. Part 1 in Cuba, the villagers have welcomed the rebels, provided food and cover, which can be a winning revolution. Here, Bolivia, many comprehensions are not clear. The villagers released him. They do not protect the government forces, not their own. When he published the monopoly of the government medical system, his listeners seem uninterested. If you do not want to revolutionize the people, you can not lead the revolution. Soderbergh looks at US military adviser to work with Bolivia, but does not blame the United States for Che's fall. Che seems to have fought his war and the place where he wanted it. <br /> <br /> At both the exhibition of war, Soderberg did not create war scenes with the outcome of a specific war. Che's people are attacked and attacked. They exchange fire with remote assailants. Usually Afterhok is a cut of the group in the war, not to break for his death toll. This is not a war movie. It's a reasonable unreasonable drive for a person to endure There are no extensive cinematography. Soderbergh Che's incredible dedication looks firmly. There is an extraordinary spoddial vicious shot, but some are more powerful, such as Che's Pov shot during its final bits. There is abundant abundance of terrain, where this man lives in a week, and above all the banana effect is frustrating, Guevara himself regularly takes part in malaria. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film give the performance of a champion, at least because it is not modest. She is not pictured as the most epic hero-like cutting edge. In Cuba, he won Bolivia, he fell on opposite, and sometimes it is difficult to differentiate between a beard and a tunnel of hair. Dell Toro illustrates not so much identity as an attitude. You can think the film is very long. I think there is a real reason for its width. In Cuba and especially in Bolivia, there was no sequence of episodes and sketches in Guevara, but the stability of power that can be called practically insane. To the end, Che is a commercially strong film in whole or in part, where his director begins to understand the restrictions of the cinematic biography and works continuously among them.
