Part II or formerly known as guerrilla, this is also a great achievement, but the part is not as pleasing as I am because here we start to testify that Che Guevara may be the cause of the fall and death. Again, I have been influenced by both parts of the cause and effect that have their interconnection stories. We have repeatedly reminded that the character is Che Che Guevara Argentina. Some people in Fidel's army decided not to take orders from foreigners and now the ball chose to leave the victory comfortable to keep the revolutionary in Cheviya, because he did not receive much respect from his new army and native, because he was a foreigner. <br /> <br /> As far as tech goes, I think Part II will be more helpful if, before doing anything else, just after displaying the map, it will show some highlights. The previous installment only refreshed the memory of its characters and how they set themselves, why their methods have succeeded in Cuba to understand the audience, but they do not work in Bolivia. Now it is clear in this section that Che Fidel Castro is not as a caricature. In Bolivia, he is working with a bunch of soldiers whose heart is not completely in it. It has been said that love of the revolution is love .. well, they do not give much about their country, so this is a difficult sale. It is tragic, painful and difficult for f and it's difficult to draw attention to others. <br /> <br /> I like a special scene that gives an impression of Che's bad situation, a scene where his horse is not known badly anyhow. It tries to point out, and his mood takes him even better and for a moment he forgets that he is a doctor, and he is the great soldier who hurts his own horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to lead. But at the same time, the film gets reduced, depending on the small quayes of the familiar area which you can recognize for most of the concerts and, in most cases, on the other hand, you can be separated from left and right by a barrier after another, but it may be that Part II Its purpose, if so .. then it definitely works. Our first person at the moment of the last breath of the chamber shows the generosity towards cinematography Why can not this question answer why Che Guevara was so lively, why he was so convinced that he competed against him and even if he wanted South America to get the same fate as Cuba, why he was not saying the CEO of CHU movie The story
