It makes me amazed that I really got the courage to see Bio Flick or Flix "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if I ever found out the Cuban exiled parents, then I saw this movie about this cruel mass murderer of the Cuban Revolution, I will be permanent for life. Hey wait I am an adult, they can not hurt me anymore. Director Steven Soderberg, and Nababi Committee (sorry Steven, but I had to take a soda shot here) commander Ernesto "Che" shared this film with Gravar's revolutionary life in two parts. How Che: Part 1 joins the Guerrilla Crus of Castro in Cheyenne in the 1950s, how the President of Kaban joins the Revolutionary Search to overthrow the Batista Rule governor; As we all know, there was revolutionary success for them, but a serious guerrilla disaster of many Cubans rebelled among the communists. "Che: Part 2" represents the T-shirt industry with T-shirts in T-shirts with T-shirt makers pitching with their scary Bearbods mouth. Well, I'm sitting silently to look at you! I wanted to say 'Che: Part 2', focusing at the end of the 60s, trying to bring the revolution back to the poverty-stricken part of Bolivia, but with many different results, Che, became a dead body, when he was 1967 In Bolivian militia, he was captured and killed, and did not include time between the events of Cheyar's life in Soderberg, when he was in Cuba The hateful La Cabaña castle ordered prison, where he killed many Cubans who opposed the Communist, I think, Sodberg performs a cinematical injustice without showing to the audience how bad Guevara really was. "Che" I hope I will not glamorize Soyberberg I decided to look at him, but instead he was really upset Unfortunately, Soderbergh did not do next and sadly Guevara decided to present it as a revolutionary hero, which he was not.He is a sick man who thanks to God, perhaps possibly the devil is below the bottom. + Now, I must be a motivator again to accept the audience. Che Bansio del Tor's performance was very challenging and meritorious. And that Damien Beechie had a haunting dead-pigment as Fidel Castro in his impressive performance. But the remainder of "Che" was originally included in the mid-performance of Guerrilla soldiers portraying actors. And as much as I admire Matt Damon, why did the Red Barbar throw him in a revolutionary mix in Spanish-speaking camera performance by portraying the Bolivian representative? Soderbergh will not present this biology in most 4 hours and 30 minutes, "too much talk and not enough action". We already had a lot of che, even after the ridiculous T-shirt, even after death, why did he give us more? But I think when your horn has Dell Toro (like you did here on Steven), I suppose that your collection is "Che: Parts 1 & 2", because it is not fully edited. *** average
