I see the guerrilla, the second part of Chey Guevara Steven Sönderberg's biopic, seeing the previous movie and without any knowledge about the life of the fisherman. At the same time, I was rather optimistic that it was suddenly a letter of unexpected love to the lessons of history and the iconic revolutionary. As it turns out, this picture exceeds my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerrilla works unusually well as an independent film. Chilean military revolution The failed attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia is a compulsory tragedy. As a result of the arrival of the grave, the initial trend brought in the guise of guerrilla war was unfortunately followed by misfortune. Opposition Against the Revolutionary Revolution In support of the Bolivarian Army, the United States, the hostile circumstances of the rainforest, the suspected local and Che's failed health are just some of the problems surrounding the newborn rebellion. <br /> <br /> The Sopragrade Chain screenplay is largely undesirable, but this movie is not a musical instrument. The style is comfortably immersed, with a delicate and effective soundtrack of Alberto Iglesias adding a calm drama for many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the film, but he has very little ties and we encourage him to show time as well as the fight against him. Where Soderberg intends to show Che's qualities, we can see in small paragraphs, as loyal Olivetti, who upgraded two fellow guerrillas on the question of Che's leadership and stressed the encouragement to throw behind Cuban to fight again for the revolution. <Br /> <br /> The whole part is fantastic Part two edits firmly despite its narrow focus and allows a narrator to make a great deal of painting through images without needing to make things for the audience. At the beginning of the film, we see some short clips of eloquent parties in Revolutionary Cuba, why do we think immediately that Che will offer an old life to fight again in another country. Later, the guerrillas' screenplay has been an interesting scene through irregular rainforests, and this small band of revolutionaries help create a sense of gravity before the task. <br /> <br /> The movie problem is the distance between viewers and the likes, which, though it allows us to praise in the context of our rebellion and the people around us, makes us harder to understand him like a person. True, Bensio del Toro is fully convinced of the leadership role? It is so hard to remember that you are watching an actor and not by yourself. However, showing guerrillas as an independent film means that we give valuable little insight into che's thoughts, words and actions in converting. It is expected that the first part of Soderberg's biopsy has more than this (I can not comment on it yet), and of course, the strength of the part two is eagerly waiting for me to see the prickle.
