Many reviews tend to prefer a part that is better than two parts of people I've read. I think just the opposite. Part together played Che Guevara's personality a little more by trying to find ways to overcome the different types of movie stock, different positions, and an interview and the Cuban Revolution. For the most part it was subtle but somewhat confusing structure. In the second part, Che enters Bolivia, and with varying geographical location, the rules and structures change. Switching between special jumps and stocks, "Documentary realism" and books. Instead, we are now literally stuck with Che, where a natural, uninterrupted landscape where existing people understand too much for their lives, but the alternative to survival options. I think it's the dark side of Che's life because most people like Part Two to Part Two. <br /> <br /> The change in geographical location is also for me, at least, that is Che: Part One and Che: Part Two, in fact, the third act of the three laws starting with the motorcycle diary. The age of the arrival of the motorcycle diary Che (or more appropriately, Argentina), Che: Part One is the military leader of his Cuban, and Che: his fall in Bolivia. These movies do not fully illustrate his life (we are experiencing his experience in Guatemalan and, in my opinion, his absence after the post of Cuban Revolution), but he searched very detailed in the controversial aspects of his character and nature. World Symbol He witnessed both idealism and needed armed resistance to persecution and such activities as intermediaries of revolution in the Third World War of World War II and CIA intervention. However, again, in all these cases, on-screen, this screen is projected on the screen with a long view of the screen and the conversation, but at the end of the thread and at the end of his life, Chan is more closely screened. Again, the rules have changed, and it is difficult to know whether there was any chance of success in this case. The camera has literally blocked humans in rock and hard places, and unfinished, prolonged long periods engage in an unfavorable landscape of viewers, in the description of the prison inmates of an existing hell, where revolutionary beliefs eventually end up being the victim of the second death of the hungry hunting frustration level. It's not easy to watch movies only, but it's very useful. <br /> <br /> - Pollis DIB
