Part Two Pixes ... where the last image is not. As a part of Steven Sönderberg epic 4+ hour quarters of the event, two of Cheyle's stories are called the classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenes. In the second part, Che Guevara Quebeera promoted a bureaucratic post, and in failed attempts in Congo (only in the film mentioned in the film), then went to Bolivia and tried to start the jungle style revolution through another. . Due to the infamous joke as Cheo's communist and revolutionary and probably due to the involvement of the United States on behalf of the Bolivian government and, perhaps, a close-up for Castro 'f is really near. <br /> <br /> As it goes, Che is sadder in the second part, but in some ways wiser than the first direction. Which means Guevara has had to endure less morale than his men, betrayal from the people around him, continuous mistakes by grants and near peasants, and finally surrounded by a large military force. But still sad that Guevara does not matter, no one can give it. Anyone can see this as an incredible power or a serious error - both may - but it is also clear how Che starts seeing, if not completely completely rounded, then something more sympathetic. Truth is, he was killed, and executed, and felt all the way fair. And yet it starts working on the audience in the sense of feeling of a liberal level; Guevara's hygiene gets worse without any medication, which causes the horse to fall off suddenly, this year is marked as one of the most memorable and appealing of films. Again, the dominant power of södarberg's narrative is strong, if, on occasion, a little lazy (perceived due to large current time), and one or two scenes seem completely strange (Matt Damon?) but this is a small liability. Going this time for a straight-colored camera approach, it's almost like a pure militia-style war film, with plenty of care for the men of the group and as Guevara Lord on this group and how things dwindle down to the final scene. And as always, Dell-Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, every beat is so good to know this guy - for good and bad - he comes as close to the poses as possible. Overall, two parts of Cheyah create an impressive package: History as a drama in extraordinary style, good for the audience, even if they do not know the chicks or are good, they do not think much about them. It's that special 8.5 / 10
