By leaving the Cuban coup from his secret entrance to Bolivia, the two saddest heroes of Che Guevara's sönderberg episode are part of the story. With Che Part One, this fierce guerrilla war that was escaped through the colorful hills of Bolivia was probably more than desirable to be disappointed by the people, if the film (and especially the performance of Bensio del Tor) was so appreciated by so much? <br /> <br /> James Rocchi, for example, is an art, it is not "the story of revolution", but rather "a revolutionary story" and it is called "a revolution in itself". Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian also called it a "defective masterpiece". I return my original opinion for the part one ?? That value is particularly false in the illustration of a hero figure. And at that age when the worst role-role model embezzlement, can not she see anything of her sincere revered? This is his epic book, Heroes and Heroes, the psychoanalytic hero of Thomas Carlyle. Heroes can be real or imagined (or somewhere in between). But indeed our high goal, should motivate a high purpose. Compare with the unrealistic 'heroes' of the ordinary Western story: where a person enjoys trial and trouble before getting a very credible reward ?? Usually infinite love or material wealth ?? By interference such as divine studio. Is the real heroes an extra moral courage ?? Do not lose hell courage-devilishness or James Bond super toy. They strengthen their ability to grow and raise others. Part one, Che succeeded. Part two, he failed. It does not want moral courage, but since) all good plans can not be successful and b) being human, wrong inevitable. <br /> <br /> When Guevara's intellectual transparency was faulty, he made the conditions equal. That condition that enables armed struggle to succeed This is a serious misconception. <br /> <br /> High on La Paz, the color is breathtaking. The authenticity of the MyN-scene is such that there is sometimes a lack of Che-part in one. (The United States does not allow cinema in Soderburgh Cuba.) Visible behaviors maximize natural light and provide extreme flexibility and groundbreaking through groundbreaking. Red camera It's a high-performance digital-screen camera with 35mm film quality and pure digital advantages. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs just 9 lbs. "Shooting with the rod is like listening to Beatles for the first time," said Soderberg. "How do I look like red ... so organic, so beautiful nature is the most beautiful nature?" If Che stops with the successful Cuban revolution, then he was awakened by a mysterious excuse. He fails in Bolivia, not only shows his human limitations, but it is considered to be his moral qualities that are not political wins. Critics say ?? And with some justification - its armed struggle inspired little less noble characters to achieve the dictatorship of the tin. The guerrilla warfare technique is not good or bad (and then used in both cases) in itself. <br /> <br /> But for all its praise, the film often lacks dramatic and narrative pressures. We finally stumbled over others through one death, knew that he would eventually complete his death. I feel myself glancing at my clock and it might be small. But the work that went into this ?? Interview with people of all parties and even Guevara get one of the former comrades Bolivian operation minutiae coach coach ?? Make the film a commendable achievement. It can not be a top-flight entertainment, but it displays honesty in recording a significant portion of history. <br /> <br /> There is another important point of the Che Hero picture here. It's about failure If you try your best, even if you fail, your efforts will not be in vain because it can give others hope and moral courage. One can honestly claim it as a 'martyr' complex, and of course, it is found in many religious identities. But Che himself does not 'surrender'. He does what he does, is not the best of his incompatibility and therefore provides an example. Success or failure in a particular case has just become more elaborate. <br /> <br /> Cuban long and illegal siege in the United States (all called 'Freedom'), I was tempted to write Che Parts 1 & 2 was good in US but it should be invited to a debate that the movie should avoid Have tried sincerely. One should definitely expect that Che's ability to maintain intelligence without politics and consciousness will be there. Whatever its faults, it is Soderbergh rehabilitated Sonsbergh Ocean 11 from the populist fool. But if you do not meet Che Guevara or Part One, or you can strive to imagine what you'll get from this picture, without the phrase 'Marxist before murderer' blurred face. The same can be said for many, and for those who can.
