Now, confess, I'm not a continuing student enthusiast. In fact, I've always been away from the West because despite all their critical cassettes in America's initial story (or whatever), they seem to float me into a tired resurrection forever - "shoot injuries," "big gunfight," or " Hey, we form a posse! "In other words, it always seemed like a genre to me so that the conventional and connected to the Constitution Health is precious little room for surprise it was. (And yes, I've seen at least some so-called "great" and undisputedly involved them in this negative assessment - Stagecatch, Rio Bravo, my Darling Climetin and of course the infamous [but deeply blue] Clint Eastwood - Teamups between Leon 60s. <Br / > <br /> But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of the memorial Jimmy Stewart Weekend on his death - I finally realized I did: At least I realized the theory, Western mythology has offered a serious theatrical propotion (excluding off-action and thrills), it is push-tension between lawlessness and order; American represents Western independence, but the wild prospects, untamed. That might have been hurt, which certainly meant - perhaps, perhaps it was not for the honorable man, and the only one The residents should be formal and uninterrupted, who would have been strictly judged by their revolvers barrels, and where land should be killed or killed, in such an environment, the real heroes must have enough ornaments and free spirit enough to get out of the first place (and thus " Society ", at least by sea of ​​East Bengal). And still a society based on chaos and fear has just enough justice to believe right. The main character that caught the discrimination between the laws and disorders in Himel and examined, I believe (after watching this movie), no Western maximum and greatest goal. Sadly, this is not often the case, for example the white hat is completely white, the blacks are completely black (and even the Indians do not just talk about them) and there is a slight shadow of gray color. <Br> <br /> This is not one. Hostage Stewart plays a daring hunter who follows the mining path in the Alaskan desert to expect gold before him. He has made friendship with his life, played by Walter Brennan (probably West's Cliché character to end them all - but always enjoyable, as always) - and there is no other. Undoubtedly, they are out for themselves, and Stuart displays its patent skin (Let's not really dislike people, what can we do now?), We have a little doubt that it is mainly self-centered, self-interested character: her Nobody can come through humanism as "Gosh" or "Oh Gali Gei" Or, instead, at the end of the photo I mentioned above, I have to achieve it. He must face irrationality and evaluate against the necessity of order and trial, which lacks so much lack of border cities that work on the start of the mining of their gold dust. This city has firmly ruled by its evil sheriff, Mr. Ganon has played John McIntyre in the best "bad guy" performance I have ever seen. He's so impressive and humorous, and has had so much discouraged and interesting relationships with Stuart, it actually takes some time that he is considered to be a bad guy - so that when he finishes it, double it twice. In addition, establishing a kind of annoying (if securely protected) kind of camerarea between McInntire and Stuart, the concept of the film is really density - and how much of the moral distance stewart must be done at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> I Do not go through all the twists and do not take plots - see them for yourself (as well as nasty and fantastic Alaskana the scenery - pictured on the location, remember, is the Painted steel) that consists of studio). This story focuses on the character of what's in there, which replaces many conversations and character interactions most often for gunfight - although there is enough action and courage to prevent it from static (read: "takee") of the film. Surely I've seen the highest performance I've seen from Stewart, he has shown that he can definitely stand by Manuel Mann as well as honest and upright man definitely play "man man". In fact, his "universal" virtues holds more power for his characterization, which seems to be less pagan or exuberant - for example, say Eastwood or John Wayne - and three-dimensional personality. His relationship with Brainen has been well played: is different, but still (with a vague suggestion from George and Lenny from "Miss and Man" - totally different "Western"). <br /> <br /> I Of course, the West should see, but now it's my favorite, and the Gap that I will judge others. It is much better known and appreciated than is appreciated.
