From the filmmakers who brought our penguins to the march, I guess fox and baby have lots of expectations. From the fertile desert of France in the harsh winter from the South Pole, the story is now part of the partnership and part fairy tale, which speaks of the friendship between two title chants, Rennard Fox and the friendship of the child named it. Acting by Bartel Noel-Bunu. <br /> <br /> The story is quite simple, and sometimes the film was seen as a lot of Japanese movies, which hit the friendship after the development of children's biological beliefs and how they go about hanging around each other, their respective rivals and their choice. Deal with Here, the child meets the elegant fox near the house in the hill, which provides a great shot of posterity, the perfect shot of the postcard, which must be oversadded to capture a cinematographer. <br /> <br /> But when we engage in impressive scenes, the characters can not establish the level of faith from the beginning and before we can find the food labeler we need to wait 45 minutes for several seasons and movies. The child continually tries to hit a bond with the purpose of taming animals for his own pleasure, but Fox, well, certainly as the other idea. Although I thought the story was very weak, unlike March of Panchganine, the human screen explained what is happening on the screen, what the documentary elements of the film were, what Fox's life and times were both hunters, and a victim. <br /> <br /> There was more tension and drama between two people, especially when the traditional enemies like wolves were dealt with and given, those sequences were particularly intense, especially when the child entered inside. . Otherwise, it was simple sailing and most of the burqa, because two of them are going to play each other, on some of the shots you did some movie magic edit. This movie was astonishingly dark moments, which was not very suitable for the children, because the people of the same hall saw their eyes suddenly, so parents, you might want to take notes and not bother your child. The rest of the movie Gears <br /> <br /> As a movie, I liked it to be a full documentary of The March of the Penguins, but I guess how it was worrying, perhaps its purpose was to warn us not to conflict with nature, And some things just do not mean and that's the way to stay. Bertil Noyel-Bruno and Renard playing low-folk movies based on chemistry in multiple foxes.
