The latest film of French look Jacquet of the Fox and the Pilguin filmmaker The film, which plays only one man in his cast, tells young actress Bertil Noyel-Bruneau, less rarely, though there is probably a trustworthy relationship between children and wild foxes. <br /> <br /> - Particular documentary, and part-fairy tales, this film is a fountain, a child who, on the way to school, one day a beautiful setting, probably focuses on a wild fox in France, though the exact location is never Not mentioned either. In the coming weeks, the child reconsidered the place where he found his fox that the days he would see were Fox, who once again started calling Lily, he said. And so it goes. Day weekends, and then the summer is invisible, falls and then winter, flashing, promising some fantastic cinematography in the white winter landscape. Finally, spring comes around again, and small children find her fox, and indeed strikes up friendship with the animal. And so <br /> <br /> My Fox and the child had no hope. I saw the lunatics in March and were just scared to make films in the film. Loose Jacquet was a hugely talented, and really rare film-maker, and I was hoping some fantastic, breathtaking cinematography, sweeping vistas and wild footage bright footage. These spades are distributed. But here's a screenwriting credit for Jacquet, and before screening, I did not know anything about the movie, expected something a little different than what I've seen before 'March'. A fabulous story. <br /> <br /> Children and fox and stories are simple. A young, seemingly lonely child stays in a house somewhere in the middle and is apparently walking to school on his own, every day, apparently without care of a perfect perfect world. Without the indication of an adult's sight. Bright So he strikes up friendship with a Fox. <br /> <br /> With a film like this, you have to dismiss your own opinion of the movie and keep yourself in the shoes of the target audience. This is a film that is aimed at children from the age of direct, I want to say, six and more. Or family who fancy a trip to a wet Sunday movie with their breeding. A 31-year-old man who did not get his kicks from the latest, bright WantedED and liked movies. But, I am Nandy London's critics, I keep myself in the age of 9 years old and the oldest eight-year-old shoe for the child. Now, I have some problems with this photo. As a 31-year-old boy and a faithful lover of everything in the movie, I like wildlife and landscape photography. This is apparently stunning. The aspect of animal characters has been brilliantly executed - as you can find at Attenborough's attempts. An eight-year-old print, like small attention, I love the first half an hour - I lost interest. It's a little repetitive and a small child, especially rather a very difficult and bloody scary place for the dark end. As a 31 year old male - I was a little afraid in some places. Wuss. So, this is not a baby film. It really is not an adult film and I felt a little down. This is a good family film. Depends on It's probably educational, and the film carries a message. This is definitely not a movie that I can provide strictly artificial green and I recommend to try my brain for a particular type of gear. It's hard, but I know anyone can see and see this picture. If it sounds too European and of course you're a fan of wildlife-themed flicks, try it. Did not know? Well I'll then wait for a wet Sunday afternoon DVD. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
