In 1930, when Louise Bonuil's 'El' Doug Door was released in Europe in 1930, it was astonishing, because there was a riot in Paris, which allowed it to be banned for some forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe passed this shock, it was again turned into an ear with a 'Ekstj', a symphony (type) love. This film played a young, unknown German actress named Hudvig Kisler, who later changed the name of Hadie Lammer, when he came to flee Adolf Hitler's madness in America, a bride named Eva who was only cold, distant, married. Loveless husband (played by Emil Jarman), only discovered that he made a big mistake. After a divorce, Eva was a footballer and freed and one day, skinny skinny sinking, when she invented Adam, a handsome, young engineer (played by Arbert Mogh) who had a real fancy (and she) him. On an emotional night night, Eva's former husband once again revolves around, Eva expected to win back, only to find it is now a rival. What transpires I do not have to be looted. Czech director, Gustav Makhati (who operated the original version of 'Madam X', another example of romantic emotion), from Robert Harkey's novel, directed by Jax Correll, Franciszek Harkie, and a screenplay from Macha. The film's Velvet Cinematography (which reminds me of the photo of the Extreme Guard photographer, Man Ray, which is a lot of light and shade for some dominant uses) Hans Androschin and John Stalich). The intense editing of the film is Antonina Gelenka and the direction of the film industry, which is a lovely, almost art deco look, which is by Boahumil Hesse). If I have any jokes about this movie, but it's music score by Zeuspe Bakas, which moves upwards, which seems like an old fast foot (some themes over and over again, it is welcome, fast --- David Lin's certain musical instruments Specially used on themes, especially 'Lawrence of Arabia' and 'Dr.Vivgago'). A few years ago, the best source material for a brand new restored print was made, which was gathered from several European existing prints, and the Vatican was "Falling" (yes, right ... the Church has never mistakenly), and the Hesse Office was " Hayes Office "Approved (finally) approved when it was spent in ribbons. Minimum dialogue with German subtitles (this was meant to be a major visual experience). Not rated, but there is a notorious nude skinny dipping scene by Hoodie Lammer (with transparency, you think) and some of the sexual content (similarly) suggestions that will rarely earn a PG-13 rating. See if you have any interest in the first European movie, or the Avant Gard / Experimental movie
