Personally I can not comment on this picture without discussing my significance. A child's bad health prevented me from going into a movie as ever. For the first time, at the end of the WWE, I met the movie "The Film" by the excellent Pampin book of Roger Manjalis, which makes my health better because I hope we can buy another copy to read again today. Blesshepe Potemkin, Drifter (Greerisan's Excellent Documentary), Metropoly, Dr. My role in many classic movies like Caligar's cabinet and Exstacy; This book came later and later in my university art-house movie. Eccle's Eva frustration, her next divorce, and the Vatican rage to swim in the early age was axiom, but Roger Manuel ignored these small things and discussed the film as a winning, extraordinarily beautiful, visual pian. For love - a view from many IMDB users. A very lonely young man, I saw it, I voluntarily agreed. There is no other chance to see access until the home videos are presented - even then it becomes a wealthy memory that is not annoying. Recently I recently added Exhibition to my home video collection and found that this evaluation is very helpful. A parable on the continuation of the existence of extasy people is much more, which is incomplete against private life - perhaps Bernard Shaw used the term 'The Life Force' in his aggressive fireplace. <br /> <br /> <br /> Existie married a bride to a middle-aged person whose sexual appeal is no longer strong. Frustrated, she returned home and divorced him To the young brother, he rides on horseback after a strong mutual attraction. She makes love for the first time and it's a great experience. His ex-husband could not face rejection and gave the youth a lift in his car so that a train killed both in cross crossings. But train time is closed and apparently the sick driver was taken to rebuild a nearby hotel, where he later shot himself. After these exciting climatic sequences, a soft, expected and almost inevitable last emphasizes that the life of individual people shows both joy and tragedy, jointly, life continues to flow in our stream and we can really be happy to contribute to this flow. This story is frustrating, acting is not enough; And generally, such a movie has long since disappeared in the trash like contemporaries. Extra cinematography given to its access to classic status, a series of song scores and very carefully loving aspects, is very important with some weak but cinematographic titles, which are very important - the word was presented after the presentation and was probably planned as a silent film. This subtitle and its director have absorbed the effect of short verbal sequences with some sub-titles and sometimes breaks the score which lovingly promotes the film. This is not only unique but very rewarding for viewing. The parable of the story has been consistently emphasized but it is so fine that it is reflected only after viewing. For example, the name - Eve and Adam; His wedding practice at the wedding night of Emil, which shows that Trivia has become the most important thing in his life and it has proved to be an ancestor of his last suicide that he has no purpose to sustain him; A series of beautiful sequences showing boyfriend illustrations (a bee defeats a flower, entered a lock, a broken necklace, etc.) during the formation of Eve's virgin love affair with Adam; And the final post suicide sequence that can be portrayed in various ways but contributes positively to the society and can increase the importance of the people performing any work to create a new life to survive that society. pass. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 film I will rate it 9 - it even compares to contemporary tasks. I will not reduce this 8. For me the film will always "definitely see" (although you think that my judgment indicates some favor on this judgment above the background). Unfortunately, the film's contemporary evaluations of Hudy Kassler's brief and relatively unnecessary nude scenes of reaction in North America have been distorted by the reaction of 1930, which has made it difficult to live in Hollywood (some critics who have not seen classic films like Hypochides explicitly, hula, back to God's country, Padma Bird or dw griff And a feature film thasa CB dimile early works wrongly mentioned as the first appearance of a naked actress). This scene was perhaps part of the original novel, and if the director wanted to rewrite it, the film was too small. <br /> <br /> Two more thoughts; Firstly, it was a Czech film released in 1935. His final message on the hard work of creating positive benefits for society seemed to be very deity to his viewers when their country became the first victim of Nazi persecution and is often destroyed. At least two generations (I do not remember these sequences shown after the war after the first scene of this movie - then the copy I saw was deleted?). Second, today's main message for me is that real beauty items are often very consistent, but their memory can stay together for a lifetime. All of us should be grateful that today they will be caught in some cameras and we will be seen again for our convenience.
