(Plot do not need to be restored, others have already done it.) <br /> <br /> It is understood that many viewers are susceptible to the film, as we are raised with today's cineplex experience slam-band sensor. Against the background, a movie like Access has flown from another planet. I think there are several good reasons. Most importantly, this image poetically expresses, because the camera slowly sits on adjoining hills, trees, clouds, etc., slowly and slowly slowly and slowly Pushing. The world that man and woman integrate into its fold. Together they publish a style and dimension that is not completely absent from today's technology-driven movie, where fast-fire editing does not work to attract the attention of viewers and pay attention to it. In addition, the story is published by the ears, not by the ear, but there is almost no conversation to explain what is happening. This seems to be counting today's very literally by the other extreme exit quotes, where visitors are only excited when the audience is excited. But perhaps most uncertain - films sometimes shamelessly do not feel that due to the silence of the silent movies, we are expecting their expectations. But in the sense that we never expect them when letters rarely speak. In this way the burden of the story is divided into filmmakers and viewers. To express intelligence to the former person must definitely choose his visuals, when the answers must be considered about those visuals, since they can not be explained. None of <br /> <br /> is intended to ridicule today's film -making. It is easily understood that a movie like Miketi, like today, comes out of a different beauty. I do not claim to be good or bad. However, I claim that Exsti represents a view missing from the ongoing experience of today's film, where such 'thoughtful values ​​are routinely boycotted as slow and annoying. <br /> <br /> The film itself is not a classic, though sometimes it reaches an artistic height, as its final crane shot in the well-made beer-garden scene reveals the table below. Slow pans of the rural areas are also surprisingly expressed with liberalism of life, nature and resurrection. These scenes that do not make you embarrassed but instead give half a chance - a "jawad" is remembered peacefully in its own mind as a mybivorous diversified form. On the other hand, the film is sometimes like a heavy tool, when the picture is painted on the ground, especially the sequence of order, labor-labor-labor. It is difficult to know what to do in this rather disastrous appearance. Perhaps the symbol has to be associated with heroic level, which works hard for the generation of heroes and ordinary people - a theme is then promoted by influential Soviet cinema. Yet his presence here is rather tedious over-done. However, I acknowledge that I started tuned to see the fantastic Hadi LaMarr at the beginning. But now I have to admit that in this process I've got far more than a pick-a-book ramp in the wood.
