I understand how the fans of the filmmaker Roman Polanski could love this movie - and I realized that anyone could hate it altogether (one of Ebert's few who did not understand why people are not coming out of the theater). After seeing the first, I'm not sure which section I can read, but who can not adequately get rid of dark humor in Kafka and Paranoia, the tenant is effective for its running time. Or perhaps not- this is an incident where it was more than a masterwork, if it was like an episode of the half-hour twillight zone, to the corko terekovsky (or anyone else could it?)). Bed in the bandage. It is very similar to the disaster treatment of destructive atheists, but it may be advisable that there was more ambiguity, permanent isolation of character and position (and, perfectly, better) lead performance). <br /> <br /> It's standing, Tenant has an interesting generation, the kind of person who does not talk to other people, Polança: Polish immigree of Paris who takes a recent apartment from Simon Chewl, which is outside the window. He succumbed to his death and died soon. But other tenants are the most conservative in terms of words. On Saturday night with Sherlock Holmes, some friends complained of too much noise. It does not happen again, the well-established but little nervous tenant of Polanski says, but there is no peace to go to a cabinet or a chair. Complaint is registered against other tenants soon, but from him? Can he register complaints? This is not a mistake, rather the lack of peace of mind and the people around them. After running downward spiral, following Polanski Tenzky in terrible dreams by showing Tervsky (and, I say, the black joke laughs) - one of the strongest scenes of Polanński in time - and finding the tooth of the wall, do not mention the bathroom in the way (which I I can add, always a terrible and supernatural crazy crazy launch-pin). <br /> <br /> But anyway, this film is not really important, from its extraordinary design to the mind-f *** machine, Terakovski's tenants seem to not only seem to be for a while: find out as long as they can not find There is no doubt about finding out, which makes paranoia more self-fulfilling. At least once or twice I thought, 'Why does Polanski play a title for himself?' It is not a bad actor, and he has acted in several films and plays, which is not his own directive. But like the church, or thinking that its momentum is getting blurred when they really come out to kill themselves, their transformation is less vague than the tongue-cheeks. Check yourself, can he stop it, which he does not completely. Despite the good work seen like gentle and frazzled Terkovsky at Polanski, I could see at least a few other actors who could pull it with more subtlety and influence the personality. When someone tries to pull him out, then it is worthy of cunning and goes in the camp, especially when he goes for the double-final (which, of course, is a little surprising). And still fans of Film-Buf and Polanski fans are happy to see the cast supporting and excavate more obscure characters (Winters and Douglas are pursuing it through a suitable creator, even limited characters) and Bruce During the movie, there are unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani becoming hot and heavy, or when they The Law, or in nearly a random scene where he rips apart a fountain near a child, but in his own light. This is a very good movie, and in the mid-most movies, when I can draw my attention. But is an essential film? It's not like that.
