One thing I'm sure is that everybody will agree that seeing this film is very unclear. The other films of the unpublished triangle of Poland are surprising, but all of them are different, which make them vague, but they all face the same thing, they all face the mind. Undoubtedly the hungry people are very horrible, each one of them sent a shaking under my spine, which makes me unable to sit still. Again, if you look at the other two films, I'm sure you will find this great, because you have usually started looking for Polanski features that you feel you have been aware of, he is aware of this and will bother you with simple things, During the time Trailkovsky roams slowly, I used to bind myself with jumping, perhaps at a It was me, but it was felt to feel, though it was pretty fine, but there is no build up of the song at the moment <br /> <br /> This performance was very good, mostly from Polanski, other characters in the film were out of bounds. There is not so much time to go out. Polansky has proven herself to be the greatest film producer, she can not only manage and write great films, but she can actually act. I do not think there is any other good person that could pull off Trelkovsky's character, Polanski just settled perfectly perfectly. I like to watch movies where the director is also out of the original cast, it has really given me the fantastic versatility and talent that I greatly respect. <br /> <br /> One thing I do not like this picture is how it is done in English. For those who do not know, it is a French film, American payments, and most of it is done in English to make it more commercially successful. There are some parts that have been sinking very clear, and I do not know why it is, but when there is a dub of 3/4 time, they can dab a completely wrong person. There is such a woman in the film, when she clearly says that it is a bad thing, but she forced a very annoying person to voice, to hear about it, it was a serious pain to my ear, I had heard some of her highest high sound, it was almost fake It seems, but I did not see what the point was, it was rather a small character. If I really liked it, they gave it up, as it was painted, its French part and its parts in English, because the dubbing of this movie was a pain and was not near (two completely different movies, I know) another movie high quality, which Did the same thing, which was The Good, the Bad and the Augley. I understand that this is not a big problem, it becomes annoying when you realize it, but I'm sure you will not sit there for a long time to read what you mean, even though you know French. <Br> <br /> It's so cool about Polanski that he will recognize you that you know him, that you know his style, in whatever direction you do, actually, you can not see behind that corner. This picture is much more open to explain than the other two movies, which I think is particularly strong. I personally think of these three best, I'm sure that comes next, but they all are relatively close to their level of glory. Come end gorgeous, and it's so easy to dwindle on it for a long time to get anywhere. I do not like to worry too much about him, just to give my personal opinion and leave it. <br /> <br /> I'm angry, and I did not give any insight about what makes this image. So great, I do not think so, so I'll do it here quickly. If you like the transition and / or Rosemary child, then I guarantee that you will enjoy this movie to say the least. For those who are very unfortunate to see, I suggest you check this movie if you are looking for something which is quite intelligent movie which is quite intelligent, especially end, as well as if you feel in the mind, paranoia even though that is fitted under good repulsion .
