Here is an example of a movie that was not well-received after it was created, but seems to have been raised in its permanent period. Poland's 'tenant' is a very interesting work, the first of its European exile It is placed in Paris, and plays a significant role in cities, its streets, signings and especially the building where the action takes place, like other exile movies. Polanski considered his main character as an American (for example 'francia') but a pole, as it went west. Indeed, this film has many personal commentary which should be a time of crisis in the director's life and in reality he has decided to play a major role (and it is efficiently). Eg exorcism <br /> <br /> This is a round story. Trailkovsky's hero hired an apartment in the Old Paris building, the first of which was suddenly like old or funny sunny neighboring parties. The previous tenant tried to commit suicide by jumping from the flat's window, and before the death of Trail Koskova, he had time to get admitted to hospital and his young and beautiful friend Stella (a spectacular Isabel Adisoni in his first role) will be seen in Toufault's 'El' Hyster's Adele H. Afterwards). Soon do the neighbors do not seem to think that this is a conspiracy to make him mad, or to keep the life and role of the deceased girl. He fights, tries to run, enters the game and enters the circle and gradually becomes his. The circle is closed. <br /> <br /> This is not the most credible story we have seen or heard, but the power of the film does not live in the story, but in the detailed statement of psychology, the slow balance between the emotional status, reality and illusion of heroes is slow. What is happening on the screen in certain cases is not happening, but how it happened, the classical 'knife in water' reminds me, which was made more than a decade ago at the end of Polish's Polish period. There are many details that are never explained, but in this way mystery films should certainly be, and this is sometimes how life is. Claustrophobia's feelings gradually contaminate the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphical details in the last part of the film were not implemented very well and the conversation of English conversations (the film was made in English) almost neutralizes the overall atmosphere. However, waiting for the final punch scene is very valuable for patience. <br /> <br /> This is not the best movie made in Poland, yet there are a lot of goodies, it shows the director and the style of hands and his career building is a significant step.
