This first-rate western story of gold storm brings great excitement, romance and James Stewart to the screen. "The Far Country" is the only one of the five stuart-quality Westerners which is often overlooked. Stewart, again, Stewart-Value attracted new attention on the current personality of five people in the West. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is unknown, always looking for herself, so when people make her good and kind, she is so surprised. Wickedly, he wears a bell on his shoulder that he will not travel without. It shows that he can only take care of him for a person - his side Ben Tutam, played Walter Brevin because Tatam gave it to him. Manna, again, he has attracted new attention on the current personality of Stuart-Value West's five personality. She shows violence, excitement, plot twists, romances, and corruption. The story is, Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, the rapidly growing Golden City partner of Calgary and Flipen in the city, along with the dirty but beautiful Roman and its hired men. They can not leave, because miserly sheriff m. Gannon (McNintier) and his "deputy" will hang them, because the only way is through skagwe, which is the city of Gannon. But, eventually, McInntire comes to them, but Stuart and / or to collect his fine which he did not give to the government on the assumption. What is McIntire for? He is there to deceive the excavators outside the claim and money. People are killed. Dosson considered a Sheriff needed, and Calvet chose Stewart because he was good with a gun. Stuart refused, however, because he plans to get the gold he can get, and then pulls him down. He denies it because he does not like to help people, because law and order kill someone. So, the flippan is selected instead. A murderer was killed because he tried to stand up to one of Gannon, a purely evil, Maden, the fighter gunner, who played a will, carried two guns. Flippan tried to arrest Maden and saw justice done, but he could not stand up to it, so the city became drunk. A person named Yukon replaces the flipen. Stuart and began to pull tight, but Gannon's men attacked. Tatum was killed, and Stewart was injured. Stuart finally understood that he must do something, or Gannon would take Doshen, set his own rules, and it would be his city like Skagway. The audience can also understand what Stuart must do. Another thing that the audience realized is that Stewart is the only thing that stands between the dude and the Gannon. When the Stewart leaves, Gannon will take the city. If Stewart is there and does not do anything about it, then the civilians will be killed brutally and in vain unilaterally. This is where a great scene occurs. Stewart walks into his cabin. He has a sling in his hand. For a few seconds, the gunman's gun hanging in a post beside his bed, the gun is closed, Stuart is just inside the door. She stares at it for a few seconds. She tosses away sling. Land sling behind a chair, and fall on the floor. It's symbolic, because he is throwing away his old life, in which one is not cared for himself. Help people when he needs help, comes to his new life. Is the film a gun-shining, insane display of good work against the temple, and actually feel-good feeling that everything is fine.
