Surely this review spoilers! I ** ** worship the American Gothic and I was late watching the first night that it was okay to compare Stephen King when he was first promoted to the F4 in the United States at the age of 14. It's small town with supernatural eeriness but with excellent layered characters. Best of all, and because I love it so much, it can not be black and white! Although Lucas Bock often works because of lack of conscience, as he said, enough rope to hang people with himself. His manipulation works only because of the weak morality of other people. Though Caleb is usually a thoughtful, kind, insightful boy, he can show a secret dark side from his father. No character is completely good or bad, even the angel showed angry anger through the helpless revenge of Marilyn Plug Beauer. Not only to Gayle, Clay's closest thing to his mother is near, but does not just sleep but falls in love with Lucas, though he knows I need to realize this event and will not apologize there. I am a huge Buffy fan, but when that season after the show really tries to go 'dark', it has unfortunately failed because it is not lost in its ridiculous aspects and its ideas completely. AG shows that you can play a morally bankrupt explanation in the heart of listening and still laugh to make it laugh. <br /> <br /> I can not think of why it was rejected. All will get very angry at this just sunny time. The TV and the good many junk, the real shots almost jumped. Thanks for the emergence of DVDs at least I can see the show completely! Yes some visual days look now, but the strange strange environment is supplied enough by the story lines. Actors also have the perfect performance that makes it something weird cameras are designed to do. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think no one can like this show is that it is the X-files where 'solutions' or the Lost, where the answers to the questionable questions are there. Lucas Buck has some evil powers and it is quite clear from the display of Caleb's fight for his soul. So this show can make people frustrate for a purpose or unknown 'true' search. Yes, there are some mysterious inappropriate aspects, such as the truth about Gayle's parents' solution, but unlike Lost and X-Files, this show is not about trying to find out more 'information' about what is happening in IMO. It's all about the way of the characters and the ways in which they tackle the moral preference of the Trinity's twisted world. Personally, I could see Lucas looking at every situation in his situation and get a kick. <br /> <br /> Check all that I say. I'm doing something pretty cool to love it with some fantastic / awful fans. It has been canceled although all the characters have arcs and have some staggering ideas to stop at the end stages. The only hanging thread I felt was Dr. Matt. It's strange to be in the final episode. <br /> <br /> I could have done something for the second season, but at least 22 episodes exist, and perhaps some TV makers might be happy to see how this wonderful event was created !! !
