Unfortunately, in such cases, there are many confusing stories because everybody tries to blame others, it is almost impossible to get a clear picture of what actually happened. This movie is being victimized in such situations. The authors (many of them) decided to accept all the stories and let the audience decide on making their true version the best choice. There is no clear answer, there is no conclusion, and a general gap is made to become audible (such as caffeine without caffeine or climax without sex), as in real life. Whodunnits with no whodunnit are generally frustrating and they wonder why nobody researches before they find out there. At least tuat your movie as a fiction if it is (and it does). <br /> <br /> There is no such a great performance here. Kilmer (as Holmes) has an outstanding role in bringing something humanity which is otherwise a dishonest character. Kilmer, and real life lovers and friends who gave advice to the film, let the audience see a selfish, troubled person, although his errors were too big and big, many people loved him and cared for him. Kudrow as Holmes's wife, she may be a glimmer of dramatic actress, but it is very attentive and unforgettable glimmer. Bosworth's character was not mentally complex and it was necessary to show more internal conflicts in order to believe what was happening in Don and Homes (he fled to Florida after 6 months later). Bosworth's apple-shiny performance, during times of annoyance, touches the time, but the actual Schiller actually does have any backbone. A sadness which fades among other characters in the woods. Lucas was a great actor who could tear his teeth in this role. Even Dylan McDermat was surprised by the drug dealers' role. <br /> <br /> The fault of this movie is not with this cast, but with writing. Many cooks spoil the soup, and this catlet, filled with so much promise, eventually makes you hungry. Stories and characters can be sympathetic, but are they not in such a movie? Matt Dillon (who was asked to accept and reject this role), one of the 1989 drug narratives, acted on and worked on similar topics, and earned the experience of your relationship with the main character at the end of the movie. What did he do Van Sandet James Cox and his crew could give a few lessons. If anyone was bothered to try and find the truth, this has been a playful story. As such, you will find the accompanying WADD documentary more choice (2 disc DVDs) and more informative. You can understand from the DVD that Homes was not a bad guy, but nobody was very good.
