I've recently got into the habit of purchasing any interesting DVD that the scale company released. I think that if I dislike the movie, then the standard provides additional additional material to compensate for any errors in the original film. I read on them, and I can buy the most interesting of them. <br /> <br /> LeMillion is my last purchase, and I must say that I was not disappointed in the film. It's cheery, funny, and romantic. Everything is pretty cool about it. The song is wonderful. If I could understand the French language, then perhaps I would suppress them and sing them all day. This kind of acting is very good for movies. American music from the classic Hollywood era depends on the genre and the story, rather than the lyrics and the dance, but the Le Million characters are better developed and the story is not very impressive, although they lack all. I love the development of relationships, especially once Mitchell and Prosper's best friendships are concerned. Romantic moments are very well developed. Nearly many perfect moments in the direction, almost perfect. Lead couples have an argument that perhaps the single most complete view of the movie is made. They hide on the stage of Opera performance, and Opera sing songs, which couple, Michelle and Beatrice explain their own situation. This is certainly one of the high points of movie history. The scene led me to laugh, won me a lot through sweet romance, and how clever the director made me smile. I can give this picture 9/10. <br /> <br /> PSS. - I have the same belief in the criteria and I'm planning to buy some information for it. I now have the lowest feature in Le million, in the ownership disc. It has a photo gallery (it's not all that useful; it can flip through once) and a rare television interview with director Ryan Clare Some pieces of this piece have interest. He was the director who was a silent film, and when the conversation first appeared, he said that he represents the death of the film. I think most films-intelligent people understand what it means to understand what these directors said, but it is interesting to explain it. Also, if you read this movie description on Amazon.com, please remember that they were wrong in an important honor: not every line in the movie is sung. Actually, it does not have any regular musical instruments. It's actually much more like Chaplin or Booster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My criticism of disk is not important. Hack, I have the right to crumble around to make these charges. Indeed, their people probably spent hundreds of hours in a film fixing, only 20 (now 21 people) voted in IMDB, and only about a hundred people could see this movie. Hack, if you look at the standard web site, you can not find anywhere in the lemillion. Why I do not have any formula It's really something they should be proud of (of course, their web site is amazingly awesome). They did a fine job in this film. Say! I can give them the money they give!
