Dominique (Nikki) Luciano is wearing a 'huck' T-shirt and tragedy every day to perform her duties as a garbage man. He uses his physical strength to pick another's trash and reach the city dump. He reads comic book hero stories and likes wrestlers and wrestling, an annual tradition of going to WrestleMania with his two brothers, Eugene, on his birthday. He spoke kindly to many people who came in contact with his day. He read comic books, which he found in the trash, with a young boy often going past the garb of the passage. Unfortunately, the Dominican has a small capacity to use his mind. She has a disability. <br /> <br /> He suffered injuries caused by a brain injury (TBI) due to Dominic's illness. This injury kept him slow down, although it did not change its original characteristic as a strong personality, which helped protect others. Dominic can actually feel independent at the beginning of the film, rather than live it. He is with Eugene who is studying as a doctor. Dominic provides the main source of income, stops reading Eugene. Eugene must continue his education in different cities and he will be away from Dominic. Eugene also develops a romance that begins to separate him from his two brothers. <br /> <br /> The film deals especially with domestic abuse, and how it can affect individuals, families and then society. Eugene-like strain in Eugene and Dominicans has come to an end that she must eventually leave Nicky, burst on their birthday night. Eugene yells at Dominic and threw him against the wall. At this point, Eugene must face his safety against his offending father, the father of the father who abused him against him. This incident limited the love between two brothers, who had become the best of friendship ever since. Although they needed each other, even though both of them need the power to develop their own relationships with independence and others. They became part of the part of course certainly a very real emotional pressure. However, at the end of the film, the Dominic is able to say goodbye to his brother and wish him luck. Eugene is able to give up his brother with confidence that he has started creating social networks to help him and will help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominic is forced to face her friend due to her own injuries as a witness to abuse of her friend. Under extreme pressure, the Dominion is almost completely closed. Then he saw what happened to his friend after the ambulance in the hospital. After facing the death of the child, after facing Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, he fears his testimonial, he has not seen anything, does not know anything, and if he does, then he is killed by him. Now her own life has been threatened, she goes and finds elephants guns that Larry used to kill a rat. He woke up the dead boy and went to the gunfight, kidnapped the family of the tragic family. He runs away from a building scene and hiding. When the police surrounded him, Eugene went to the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals Dominic's disability and he brings the child back. The insulting father then drives a gun to threaten Damini, but Eugene stopped him and told the Dominican crowd that the father had stuck his son down. <br /> <br /> Through the climactic end, there is a problem with faulty behavior. Although the tendency of protecting Dominic's child, we also see how bad this reaction is. Keep the life of the baby and his own life in the Dominic's serious danger. The larger social consequences of these events are not directly involved, but have been shown through the ending films. Despite the more optimistic finished illustrations, another event may have probably happened, in which Dominic has been charged with the abduction and possession of firearms. It is somewhat difficult to believe that it has become completely ineffective. In addition, if Dominique is not charged, she may still be stigma in the community, not that there was no one before these events. Instead, the film shows that we'll be able to work to detect and treat problematic behavior. <br /> <br /> Dominic and Eugene were released in 1988, in the same year another film named Renman was published, which won 5 Academy Awards. . Rainman had a feat and helped increase the visibility with the person with disability, it may be advisable that the Dominic and Eugene contain more valuable lessons for society. However, Renman has shown that the mainstream American society may be able to learn and care if a 'secret' is a heir to a large estate. Dominic and Eugene show that a person with disability can be able to care for and help members of American society. The message of an independent individual can be very powerful for 1988. I hope people will see the strength of those in power in the society, not as a threat, but those who are essential for the power of society.
