I've collected all the horror films and I saw good and very bad - a low budget video of the Zombie Bloodbath. Of course, bad acting, storyline is basically a mixture thrown together in all the zombie movies and fewer quality in some spots. It seems that you still missing things that are still entertaining and really very fun. The effects are, as somebody says here that the sticky face bodies like KESS have really rejected some amazing latex work. But the reason you bought the movie with such a title is that for Gore and this movie is amazing in that region. The effect is very good for such a small film. Someone called it a party movie and it's called. 100% Fun Party Movies. I have heard from various websites that it is actually "rough cut" of the liberation war which is usually released but the actual "director's cut" is coming to the DVD and it is very good quality. I'll buy it and judge for myself. <br /> <br /> The story basically becomes a nuclear power plant and creates a dead body. Do not stop it, stories and ban houses may be built on it. Some of the plants are still underground and this spare to come and attack the area. Some actors do a great job, there are some pretty simple commentary that is insightful and true, good music, great lighting, some useful mystery and tons of blood and sick beef. If you know what I mean, then a person attacks from the area below. Then his head is shoved from his face. Another dead person bursts like half of the day and they do a great job of that effect. There are a million gorge gags and it is almost all action I said, stop motivating, enjoy life and get more movies like Jumbo bloodbath and meat market. Two great weird epic <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just got the DVD set and here is what I think: <br /> <br /> There are many good picture quality and once I have seen the actual director of the film and this is a good film. I liked it before, but now I can see how the Todd sheet is actually trying to do it. And the commentary also helps, the shits in the details of the movie are heard, he knows that it is a trashy zombie film, but he respects all the people involved. Also, there is a great sense of humor among sheets and there is some humility that others can learn from the movie field. The Zombie Bloodbath behind the scene is quite fun as well behind. I felt it was almost as fun as it was made for film. There are footage in some great interviews and scenes mixed with news stories about films from CNN, Fox and MTV. After all, a funny little movie that was very rough near the border, but still laughing and enjoying the ride! I watched many DV movies, and saw some shots in the video film, and many were neutral, but it was not really. Although new DV movies are technically superior, they are not so funny! <br /> <br /> PS - I hear they're rebuilding it now in a big budget ???
