Just got my copy of the DVD's two disc set and not perfect, I found overall experience as a fun way to waste some time. I want to say directly that I am a huge fan of Jumbo film, and I really think that those who made these films are also very good. For my dream home, sometimes there is a soft spot for those who try against all the impediments. And again, these people are doing it. Does this amazing film collect some award winners? No, even close. But what they do in their small budget, these films should be recommended. For me, the bottom line always, was I entertained? Do I have a good time with this movie? And here both answers were "yes." The first of the series is also the most raw. It is open to any type of accident in a nuclear facility and people are molten or slightly dissolved. A few years later cut and a new housing community is built on the site of the old reactor. Some children fall into a hole in the making of the video and the facility is trapped at the bottom level. They are rescued, but the holes are not sealed and in the beginning people came out of the hole. Soon, the entire city is overtaken by the heathen. And these zombies are fun. They sometimes go from the cold friction makeup to the most cheap slap of white face, but they are fun. The whole movie area ends in a showdown between the ultimate survivors and the unimaginable, our heroes are going to lower the level of the reactor to eat leftover zombies and seal the holes forever! Beautiful Chess, but I think it was meant to be. Yet, it is moved very quickly, there are buckets of dire effects and really try to do some style. Acting disrespect, but some good shine through performance and one would really listen to the comment track. I went back and saw it again and it got good information about the experience of experience in the crew and cast films and fun facts. Director Todd Sheet feels very proud of his first film, but there is no confusion in it. She knows it's a trashy zombie movie, but she shows respect to the people involved. Also, there is a great sense of humor among sheets and there is some humility that others can learn from the movie field. The Zombie Bloodbath behind the scene is quite fun as well behind. I felt it was almost as fun as it was made for film. There are footage in some great interviews and scenes mixed with news stories about films from CNN, Fox and MTV. After all, a funny little movie that was very rough near the border, but still laughing and enjoying the ride! I watched many DV movies, and saw some shots in the video film, and many were neutral, but it was not really. Although the new DV movie technically higher, they are not just fun! Overall, it is a hard, if it is a bit defective, then it is overflowing with plenty of extra and sharp and drilled tones. While breaking a grand rule of removal, I saw the series funny and always laughing, so I make a hard offer for this set. Todd Sheet was not trying to try award-winning artists here, sometimes he tried against the differences he was seeing, the funny budget, the splattery horror, and finally, he succeeded in frustration.
