Ah, Munawalkar, I'm a huge Michael Jackson fan, I grew up with his music, really the first music video I've seen in the thriller. Believe it or there was a time when Michael Jackson was like God to humans, at a time when women were really frustrated by his outlook, sorry, Michael. However, Michael's record began to pay homage to Michael's success for breaking the famous breaking album, which was the first album of 6 top decade. Michael is an incredible artist, no doubt, he wrote, sings, dances, but when it comes to direct acting or story with his audience ?? <br /> <br /> <br /> We started very easily: Jackson's music, life, career, success and Mania Jackson is the 80th largest star in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson used 30 power gangsters who used his power as an offense to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to stay close to the kids, we spent time playing him with the kids and their dogs. The dog escapes, and in his quest, Jackson and the children unveil the great Frankie Leydie drug, who seeks the brain related to drug addiction in the brain, who want to add the entire planet to the drug addiction, starting with the children. Mr. Big Jackson and children discover, but they escape; Jackson tells his children to meet Club 30, which has been a deserted nightclub in the 1930s. This story goes back to Jackson's assassination attack and it has been revealed that Jackson is actually a magical gangster who draws his power from the shooting star. On one side of the club, Jackson turned into a sports car and Mr. Drop down some of Hengcheng's bengal. The story raises on the children of Club 30 and is scared of children first, but when Jackson thinks that the terrible atmosphere of the club is transformed and the children find themselves in the 1930s. The club is now filling the alliance suit and swing dancer. Jackson acts as a music video for "Smooth Criminal", which participates close to a dance with other club members. At the end of the song, Mr. Big is surrounded by the club and KT kidnaps one of the children. Jackson ends surrounded by Big Lair and his hechchmen behind their back. Mr. Big appears and mentally threatens Jackson to get Katie injected with highly addictive drug. KT only guides J. P.C.'s glasses to get rid of injections, and orders an executioner before killing Mr Big Jackson, but a shooting star is not there before his arrival. Jackson transforms a monster robot and m. Big's soldiers killed all. Yup, ummm, you want more curiosity? Watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Michelle's first half-hour of fun, seeing Michael's success and all his hard work really makes his fans happy again. Is it mostly hype up his album? Yes, I love how wonderful he praises in the first 25 minutes, then we go to the song "Live Me Al Allon", which is a hoax, it's not a great song, just a small incident. Then when we stopped acting, the story was incredibly weak: Villain shouted loudly loudly, when Michael and Katy were spying on him, Michael suddenly turned into a transformer, making Wilson's big giant plan child High? There is also a wide range of villain guns that will produce Marvin Martian Bliss. But if the movie is incredible to us then it is a new thing new video for Smooth Criminal. This music video is full of perfection, its setting, its setting, its music, its smooth style, Michael always goes above and beyond the top and smooth criminals were incredible. I like Munawalkar as a child, I still see this day to be fun, but it's not the best movie in any way, it's quite stupid, but if you're a Michael Jackson fan then it's good. <br /> <br /> 7/10
