SAPS at SE is clearly a penalty on a Gary Cooper film, SOUS SOULS. The title describes Stell Laurel and Oliver Hardy as star campaigners. Who went on an ocean tour to calm Olly's nerves only to flee to fleeing killer Nick Gingergar. Acting by Ricard Crumer, this criminal is both fun and quiet, fame to fine him for comedic characters of both boys. Despite its strong presence, Cram never respected the early charisma of boys in Stan and Olly. This should be because, since the boys are considered to be the main characters in this film. <br /> <br /> This character of Lorel and Hardie's personality is that they increase the average element. Its slow for SAPS at SEA. For example, the former commentator has been referred to, for a while, where a doctor (joyfully James Phillipson) tried a balloon called "lung tester" in Oli, there is no punch. The scene is very important, the first part is being shifted to the boys' apartments, they are almost equally related to the second part where they go to the sea. But overall, the film is very entertaining for a short period of time so that it does not welcome. <br /> <br /> There are definite poems for Laurel and Hardy and the final collaboration between producers. Hal Roach I have not seen Laurel and Hardy's 1940 films, but what I saw does not measure up to the weakest Hole Roach product. In this next film, Laurel and Hardy felt in an outdoor environment, deprived of colorful supporter players such as Phoenix and Charlie Hall and the starry musical score of Marvin Hallett and Leroy Shield. We also love and hope for those who love and hope, but then they make excuses for movies, blockheads, or unfortunate movies. <br /> <br /> It's frustrating that many of the more recent Rachor Laurels and Hardy movies are now generally unavailable to the public. Even in a small entry like SAPS in SAPS, one can see Laurel and Hardy were the cool comedians. Because Hell Roach mostly Stan Lorel's power behind the team, allowing full artistic freedom. Once Lorel lost autonomy in other studios, the team lost most of its uniqueness.
