Here are my third comments attempting to connect two legendary comedy teams: Lorel and Hardy and Abbott and Costello. The connection here is 1940. This date was their last film from the Long Roorkee home studio. I will mention the significance of the latter. Stan and Olly at the LA of the fan were also present, along with the last time their presence was also attended by known players like Charlie Hall and James Finson. For the last time, Art Lloyd will work as their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - their theme song, which will be known as "The Kaku Gun (Kakus dance)" - their scores. And Stan Laurel will be allowed to take full creative control over what goes on in the film. If this L & H film has a more cold structure than usual, it is very nice to know that most of it is fun. These include mostly sound and visual effects, provided by longtime Roach staff, Roy Sierright. So this one, Ollie has a "Hornophobia" from working in a crystal horn factory. Finson instructed to go out of the sea for his rest. Olly does not like to go to the boat, so Stan suggests that they pay only a docked encoded so that they do not have to go anywhere. When they like them, we find that Nick Ginginger (Richard Crumar) has just escaped ... I'll be there and say that it was good for L and H's long term home because someone could expect. It's mostly fun from start to finish and this intelligent person will be partially responsible for their team, when they think it's really shameless. Oh, and I have a few more references: the appearance of Harry Bernard's final film, Stan and Olly, as a policeman, a refugee played patrolman a few years later and Ben-Terpine's cross-nude comic who was born in New Orleans, which is my current city Baton Hours away from the room, whose second L & H appearance "married" before our wife Was on. The next actor is especially an actual angular moment. All right, I mentioned that in 1940, Stan and Oli were released from his latest film Hal Roach Studio. Born in New Jersey, a comedy team was its first year, making their first film from their home studio, Universal. The Director of the film will be directed by Flying Docele L and H, the previous year. His name was A Edward Sutherland. Recently this was an accident involving a rolling carpet of Virginia supervisor Virginia Lucile Jones during the filming. As a result, Oliver "Bebe" Hardy could send her pink to her hospital room. On 7 March 1940, they fell in love and got married. It lasted until the death of his father in 1957.
