Jackief fought a fight movie away from war as war film. It can rarely be classified as a war film, because the only way to have any impact on the story or characters of a war in its memory and even that we have never seen it. This creates a very interesting question about life, especially as the movie tagline says that only one of them is alive (and by the way, tagline is only related to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megas (Robert DeNiro), it's about three characters in the film ). Dave and Megos were friends in the Vietnam War, and the mags came back to Dave to take a fishing trip, which they are planning for longer than expected. <br /> <br /> Diorro has provided the perfect performance of the MiGes character, we are not really sure that if we like him or think it is really brown like Martha, he thinks. Dave reminds Martha a lot of times that the mogus is not his friend but only anyone knows. There is a great view at the beginning of the movie where the mugs have come out of their car to pick up the morning's six-pack bed and Dave is close to the corner of the room because of this. Megs break for a moment and then earn in the room with a smile and a huge salutation. It does not seem to understand that when you heard how Mogs felt, he thought that they planned to do this day. It reminds me of the old man's fakeness, 'Of course, let's do it,' people often say to each other often, there is no plan to ever do such things. <br /> <br /> Wonderful performance as a distribution Dave of Ed Harris, never over the impact that the war was on its way. Even after many years, he was not able to win over a friend's death during the war, blamed himself for today and thus sink his life into alcohol, cigarette and loneliness. He said, he wants to leave him alone for the people. People do not live in such a way that if they want people to leave him alone alone, he is trying to forget to distinguish as much as possible from a living world. <<br /> <br /> My sister Martha reminds me of my roommates at least. My 21st and 24-year-olds have two roommates, and both of them work as they still live with their mothers, when they leave for a while for a while, they expect their messes to go away. Especially one (old, sadly enough), there is absolutely no source of care for myself, I am surprised that when he is eating his chin will not be erased. Martha has to do the same for her brother, he is waiting for hands and feet, when he lives from a hangover in later life. Martha and Dave are stuck in a permanent life and some of them can not get out of it until it changes, and Dave is going to make that change. <br /> <br /> I want to complain about romance in the movie, where Roger Ebert does not complain about the red digital reading about such painful tensioning devices. But in this case, I do not think the romance that developed between Magas and Martha will have any adverse effects on the rest of the film. Conversely, it became more interesting because it was not predictable. The problems of romantic harpses in Brookhaimer films and insects are so anticipated that you just wait for the upcoming end and something interesting will happen in the hope. In this case, however, it is not clear that something between Magas and Martha is going to happen because we do not know enough about the mugs. Martha might be right about her, she's one of Dave's crazy war-fighting friends and he's not the kind of man that should be dating. Dave certainly encourages this idea. After a few years after the movie, spoiler was made by Dinero Cape Fire, where he played an insulting criminal for retaliation against a lawyer who had hosted him in prison, a character who retreated, at the end of Jacknetoff, Martha realized her mistake. Maybe, he was released from the Mages and he and Dave made him because he had saved him from a horrible relationship and was perfect for cleaning his work. Was conclusive. Because he did something good for her. Half of this incident was so optimistic, so when Martha and Megas were wounded together and amazed at the joy of the day, Magas asked Dave about questions about what to plan after the war ended. Sometimes it is a slow-running drama, but Jackinf is entertaining on the road and finishing up a lot of money, which surprisingly leads to sad without a challenge. At the end of the film, the passion has increased, which fits slightly with the rest of the film, but it is so good that it does not waste the movie at any level. Everybody involved gives a wonderful performance, and it is one of the rare movies that you just want to stand and shake your fists with winnings in the air.
