Combining Novel Reading and seeing this movie my wife and I were inspired by the new level. Recently I was thinking of a statement by Thomas Kikkad, an artist from his inspirational books. He said: "You and I were not designed to breathe in at 5 o'clock traffic winds, and I do not think that when God created the universe, God was thinking of television programs, media promotion, worthless shopping and relatives pollution." I saw "did not see a river with it", but after thinking about the statement of Kinnacas, I had a spiritual eye Inspired by seeing the film. I saw it and saw a whole new world of movies and it inspired me to read books (one must read). I've always been disappointed in southern California but somehow caught up in his material society. The movie is really about how we should enjoy God's creation from our perspective. The story of McLeans and my desire to return to the northwest moved me to Montana. I want my future children to roam around the country, fly with me, fish, nothing but horses, but can open the open land and low lakes in the middle of the mountain. A place where you rarely think of crime. I look around Sokal and what I see is the shopping mall, their Mercedes-Benz indecent people, violent freeways, gangs, ethnic turmoil at the end of the violent explosion, and everybody doubts the motives of each other. <br /> <br /> However, the film is very inspirational with a great story about the superb acting and poor connections of loved ones. There are many deep thoughts in this movie. The scenery helps to relieve the value of seeing alone and actually tension. You must finish this film completely by completing insights into your own life. It really takes a compassionate, intelligent, and spiritual person to realize the meaning. If you do not understand the film's art and conversation, voice, light, color, scenery, camera angle / movement, etc., then this film is probably not for the crowd that thinks "Fast and The Furious" is the greatest movie. It was entertaining but shallow. Please <br /> <br /> Line: This movie helps you understand how much money you have or how much money you have. Rather it is about family and friends and your relationship with the experiences shared with you. QUALITY QUANTITY NO
