Have you seen the graduate? It was salute to her generation as a movie. But it's the story of all generations through a river run. Many days before Dustin Hoffman's character was trapped in the modern subcontinent, Norman McCallin and his brother Paul faced increasingly under stress when they tried to find their place in the world. But how can a place like the WW1 Montana Post showcase for the American family, when the Wild West did not go completely? McLean is trembling so deeply in the attack that we and all we have to find? While opening the film, an old man from Norman, trying to understand his living course of flyfishing beside a stormy river. The film literally started its journey through its own flow of awareness, presenting it in time and then when he was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were a Presbyterian minister and dedicated mother. Parents fit snugly in their role. The mother takes care of at home and at home. Parents do the work of the Lord. The boys think what will happen when they grow up. Soft it has contracted a minister like a boxer or his father. By choice, a little Paul would be a boxer, because he said that his first flyfisherman's choice does not exist. The boys grow up and get hurt in their jokes, who work hard and do the brothers, always take part in the church and take part in other spiritual matters like flyfishing. They are at the same point of their life before college. But when Dartmouth returns to soft six years, they are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master Flyfisherman. A college and newspaper reporter near the grade who beat every one knows every judge in the police and bench. Norman is uniquely educated for his day but there is no idea what to do with his life, even his father consumes him with what he wants to do. You feel that at least pops, God will call you the work of your life. But you have to be open and ready to accept it - all your life. The father has always reflected his by the side of the river and has accepted his sons to recognize God's eternal word. "Listen," their father urged. It's both Jane and Quakerly. Very radical for a stoic clergyman. But with all the beauty and thinking and even the MacLeans are really God-based, even in the scriptures-family, how the Rev. McLinn's family descends? When Paul fills the river, he feels truly fulfilled, but he feels the gambling and groan, but his family does not know how to prevent him from being tired. It seems like the mother, father and brothers are doing the same calm disappointment as to what they are doing and why they can not help. Pauly just wave it off with a green and its inevitable charm. But junior brother loses his hardness. Norman started getting his life on track, love and career, but Paul continued to slide. The family who loves him will look helplessly. Mother, father, brother flounder trying to help in their own way, but very effectively no one. How can a family that is able to handle each other so decorated so much ill? How can God be so artful and full of grace when God out of nature, can still be inappropriate or reluctant to fit into the structure of society that God's people have created for themselves? All these questions will soften his entire life. Under the smooth stones of the river, forever words hated him forever, but kept their secret. The movie is beautiful to watch. It is certainly God's country, and filming it won an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with the story of the book and the presentation gives some shouting to follow his presented mental pattern and it works well. But go back and read the book too. You'll see the old connections with the old guy more deeper than the movie - and you'll see the places where the very words of the fairy tale swirl and close the page with the intensity of a river running through the page. In unknown.
