I read Norman McLinn's short story, and this film judged Norman McLinn's writing. My husband sometimes recalls it, and I read it myself and the scenery of the film is coming to mind. Many of our Redford movies are there and we have seen "it's been across a river for a long time". Redford is always part of the "famine" as he is almost always We will not be tired of the ideas of Nordon McLean's writings and the beauty of Montana. This script reminds me of my own growth because my father called the same as McCallin's father. According to "a river run by it", "Those who can read the Methodist Baptists," a line that is not in the short story, but I think it's a funny line! My husband and I well read the Baptist! <br /> <br /> I heard a movie critic that the motion of this movie is very slow. I disagree. In order to find inner peace, this is the type of movie that will force you to think about the beauty of nature in the three / four palm of the metronome. Photography is outstanding! Acting is great. I like the scene where Norman and Paul talk to the boys and wondered if anyone could be a flying fisherman or boxer! Then adult Paul, operated by Se7ven, is the "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism but will not accept it. The same applies to blue burns, who uses worm as a fool, even if he needs help he does not accept the need for help. The scene where Paul Otmel refused to eat, and the whole family had to wait eternally for grace! Eventually, after hours, they kneel around the table and say, "Grace!" And they all leave. But the otamale bale stale! The scene where their lover birds and their tattoos on their dress! It's funny! Surja Mukhi! Behind the drive house where Jesse Barnes (Emily Lloyd) decides to go through the train lines! When Norman proposed to Jesse, he was in a beautiful dialogue because he wanted him to come to Chicago with him. <br /> <br /> Redford does a great job as a narrator himself. I could not stop myself from being Brad Bradford (Bayreffut in Park). Nominated director, producer, actor, a dreamer who is only eligible to be praised for his progress not only in the United States, but also in the world. I'm happy to live in the 19th century because I see the beginning of black and white televisions, movies and all the technologies and special effects, watching videos at home and living in the same century as Redford. There is a chance to see his work. We have no special effect to display the beauty of Montana in this special edition of Redford. To me the river separates life from death, memory and reality. The Redford Creator looks so glorious and the river goes through it.
