Coonskin may be my favorite Ralph Bakshi film. His actions Like, it's your face and for a second not to be ashamed, but his other work, in contrast (even when he's at his best at, which was heavy traffic and wizards, including the Coonskin before and after) it is the opposite despite the presence of many uneven not . Bakhshi certainly looks at the concept of Buddhism and caste, but it is also creating it which seems like a freeweling exploitation film; Although almost the Blackplipation, Bakshi does not stop there. If this is just a blacksplatting flick with innovative animations, it can be enough for a significant feature. কিন্তু বখশী এর লক্ষ্য উচ্চতর: কেবল কালো মানুষ নয় বরং ইটালিয়ান / মাফিয়ো, সমকামী, ইহুদি, 70 তম বছরে ম্যানহাটানের শহুরে চতুর্থাংশে নিউ ইয়র্কে এই ধরনের অসাধারণ ও অতিরঞ্জিত চিত্রগুলি নিক্ষেপ করা, তিনি কিছুই করতে পারবেন না। Realistic The most usual looking creation of paintings "real" is, in fact, painted a red, white and blue woman in a naked woman. <br /> <br /> This stereotypes and mocking mocking form of conference and racism (i.e. "tar-rabbit, baby" joke, yes rig, plus black face), we are looking for a grand degree abstraction. And above all, Bacchi does not take himself very seriously, like Spamy's message to a movie like Lee Bamozeled. For this reason, in most cases, kansakina work in a sunny part of some pictures and things, and the sudden twists and, of course, strange behavior scene (i scene like the three animated characters talking about the real life white couple by the hair and clothes, such as "color" and Look like this), these are not very funny. It is not only painting, which own and "breaking" is the stylized, but it is important for bakhasira plepleti sharp and it is at this moment, its progress, and gather information about the madness to string along. <br /> <br /> প্রথম লাইভ-অ্যাকশন, তারপর অ্যানিমেশন ব্যবহার করে, এবং তারপর দুইটির অত্যন্ত চকচকে মিলে মিলিত হয় (বিস্ময়করভাবে, বুলশী কি পরে কুল ওয়ার্ল্ডের সাথে বানিজ্যিক রূপে গিয়েছিলেন তা এখানে কম টাকা দিয়ে টি তে করা হয় এবং একটি rougeher Edge), Pappy and Randy are waiting outside a prison wall to escape a friend, and tells the stories of Pappy brothers rabbit, brother Beer and preacher Fox Harlem Y And with the number of rabbits who are hudalama time, hibiscus-r-huta-eskuiyara directly against the Godfather character. It is perhaps deliberately shown on the southern song through happy-go-lucky plot and animation, here it has been separated and shown how rare and objectionable it really is. <br /> <br /> Yet Bakhshi breaks into form blend; Stand behind animated characters and move along the background to live action action; When violence and gunfights and conflicts happen, it can get bloody as early as 1975; When a dirty police is in a bar and he is worried and puts black face and clothes, then he travels in such a way that even with Disney Dumbo can not reach; Brother Beer is portrayed as a boxing match and an opponent is slow on the wild as Climax; Archive footage comes from old movies, some and some 20 percent of which are only disrespectful. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or recently works as the South Park, Coonskin Entertainment of Buxshi, and then the second to reflective. It is an indescribable film making an indecent film; দীর্ঘকাল থেকে সবকিছুই মন্টেজে নিয়ে যায় এবং অক্ষরগুলির জন্য অবিচ্ছিন্নভাবে সাজানো ডিজাইনগুলি (তবে টুকরাটির থিমের উপর ভিত্তি করে) সমস্তই স্ক্রিপ্টের চিন্তাভাবনা করে, যেখানে তার বি-মুভি চক্রান্ত ব্যাখ্যা করার জন্য আরো অনেক কিছু খোলে। It excludes racist racist; It is like calling Dr. Strangelv pro-nuclear solidity or the Confederate States of Das slavery of America. And, for me, it is one of the best Satires ever made.
