A stunning sensation occurs when something happens! Suddenly, the firecrackers have been stopped, robbery is witnessing, hurricane destroys everything in its path, or any other spectacular event! In the McLaren family, though, there was something that was not even more complicated than their daily. In the beginning of the twentieth century, Montana was an environment which was rough and cyclone ... The McLaren family was made up of four people, dad, a minister, who is ideologically driven to raise his family properly. His wife fear Allah, and charity was there. There were two boys, well ... teens !! What else can you say? Brad Pitt starred in this movie, he was really! Brad Pitt, and his performance in this photo, at least remarkable to say! !!! His brother, Norman, was of Sevral type, was true that he was touched by emotion, and agreed with Missoula, Montana that inspired a set of values ​​!! Paul (Brad Pitt) had a muffit offset, and lived on the edge ... You think that there was no such thing in Montana of the 1st 1920, but Paul, in so much of his part, was so much involved in gambling, drinking, and violent conflicts There were fishing rods! Fly fishing !! Did i say it Basically, this movie's theme was original !! Fly Fishing Recreation serves as a rich bond, which combines the self-conscious souls of MacLean brothers and lesser degrees, Dad !! I would describe the acting of this movie as incredibly believable, and cinematography went beyond excitement. Keep this in mind, anyone who sees this movie wants to live in Montana. Bluer's painters and streams compared to the Blue Hills have captured young people and MacLean was lively for the brothers' lives ... rarely in a film, you express feelings that the feelings immediately express the determination to accomplish a task that can accomplish a task. McLean brothers used to live a life full of good or bad, parents knew that this could be the only way that two of them could be men !! ... Robert Redford handles this film and tells McCallan's story from the viewpoint of Big Brother Norman ... At the age of 26, Norman offered a place at the University of Chicago and married the woman she always loved ... how does the film indicate that , Younger brother Paul has achieved a complementary self as a symbol of the extraordinary fly fishery! The heroic aspect of life exists in the existence of a younger brother, and McLean provokes a cruel structure for the family! Due to the loss of most people, the McLean family creates light of unhealthy water (literally), and thus, establishes unity as a family by establishing the necessary blinds !!! <br /> <br /> The last "river" of the film runs through it "represents an epigram of life with the eyes of the elder brother .. For Norman Maclean, stoicism requires a precondition for persistence over its emerging years !! Such fate is largely due to his Hunger for the people who are reflected in life! The fondest memories of his brother, his wife, his mother, and his father will now be seen in philosophically !! For Norman, his life is suspicious of his life. It is a simple statement that "this was your life, and how you live in it" is a joy, sorrow, sorrow, and love, as well as a reminder of the recipient, as well as the reminder of the abominable events that solidify the smoothing, and uncertain solution. recollection !! The last time he heard the talk from his father, his father said, "We can fully love someone without their burden". It does not matter whether Pony has agreed with what happened in your life, Norman McLennan must come up with the fact that his life is divided by confusion! Norman McCillan becomes frustrated by the eighth person who is vermilicated by the virtual decision of his life! The waters of Montana's protected rivers work as a harmful and abominable final form of water in its years on Earth !! Without question, "What seems really complicated is really very easy" purveys a very deadly message in this movie ... More simply ... In Norman's life, life was important, and memory is now just a bittersweet .... Beautiful river of Montana And only a painful intellectual woman of madness incited by the spectacular waters of the rivers ... which is the whole thing for the entire McLaren family " Rita, and it goes through a river "
