Batman and Superman. Iconic A good part of a century old. Who does not know these two? Those fans who have to die for creating a movie about them will be countless. Sandy Colea goes ahead and has assembled a trailer for such a movie (which does not exist and is not being made, much less by this team). Most likely it's going to be how smooth it is. After all, cinematography is difficult. The edit is on the spot. Compared to the characteristic characteristics of these characters, most of their production costs, along with more looking clothing, just like their comic opponents. It looks pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. Suitable for body type, as far as I can say, every single character. The line is written reasonably. Think well of the shot, achieve nicely and is fairly effective. However, there are problems in it, and besides showing well, it does not meet perfectly with Greson's strengths and skills (which is only small and the problem of Titter going back and behind in the trailer too.) Many characters and ideas included as leading unbridled emotions. The performance is probably the most obvious. It's not good Even those who are only displayed on the screen and / or rarely fail to provide some good performance of some of them. Actors acting in parts are preferred more for how they look like the characters they play than their genius. Then there is the writing. Really, the plot, well, what's the small amount (this and this character group, something about some evil plot ...) is fine. Characterization is a problem. Though most characters seem to fit in, even though the two-face Batman's (as I have understood, as much as I understand, as much as understood), Batman is much better than Joel Schmacher's efforts to portray any element in the universe as a fan's greatest insult. can go). Also, this trailer is going to be comparatively comparable to the trailer and the film (in fact, the Coloos * begging * alms * for similar initial publicity for it) and should be facing it. Respect. Most of Michael Antonic is not entitled to the presence of Tommy Lee Jones' screen, and make-up is not as powerful as the movie (whether it was good or not, film is another matter). The tragedy is that Fiorola (John, who created Greson) seems to be much more in the comics, and their depth, their depth seems to be better (more powerful than never mentioning the power of plowing.) Half a dozen of Greson's films Had enough material for, or more), with the access to Kalora funds and more likely to get acquainted (his film's non-indie cray Due to dita) out of its trailer has a shot of making an actual feature. I wish to see the other works of Colorera. But Fiorola is one of the two, whose work I would be most interested. I recommend the fans of this character. 7/10
