When I watched VH1's "100 Most Metallic Moments" I heard about this movie. In the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a kayomao) and many other interviews have discussed how terrible this film is. Unlike most people, I'm often more interested in examining movies, which seem ridiculously bad than the film's superiority. Half of the time I've found this kind of attitude is that the movies do not seem to be bad at any place and I've enjoyed it much more than expected. That was my experience with "Trick or Treat." Now, it is difficult to make a film about a teenage boy, who receives messages from the death star, does not brutally condemn a previous record behind him. Of course, this is certainly a strange firmness, but one that has never happened before! Order the filmmakers for basicity for the stomach! If you want to buy a DVD, Ojie Osborn and Gene Simmons will not be considered stars if the film does not have any previous knowledge. However, although Simmons has a tremendous role, the OG is a reversal (it's right, an honorable !!), as a funny decrease, which speaks against heavy metals. One thing, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. And for other things, you can not help but smile at the taunting. Of course, it's a cheap shot, but an effective one. Acting is pretty good. I found the performance convincing. The teen character is horrible clichéd. So jocks and nerds hope the normal array. And like everyone in these movies, the beautiful girl is a decent person who is sympathetic to the disconnected main character, yet continues to go out with her lover. Why is he going with such a complete shock in the first place? Because the plot requires a barrier. There is no other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty happiness is seeing bad jokes in this film, because I was unknowingly high school. The film is mostly interested in me, but the third law is very popular and makes my eyes rolling because there will be a predictable situation after another. But this movie is not always bad at all and certainly valuable on rainy days. (7 out of 10)
