Indeed, the best heavy metal horror myanikiutibha hedabyamina of 80 points, which does not recognize the "Hard Rock Zombies", "Black Tracks," "" "Terror on trips," and especially overwhelming public Mick Thor-starim sticker "rakana ' Lull Nightmare ". অন্যদিকে, এই 80 জন কিশোর-কিশোর-কিশোর-কিশোর-কিশোর-কিশোর-কিশোর-কিশোর-কিশোর-কিশোরীদের জন্য আদর্শের তুলনায় অধিকতর প্রশস্ততা এবং প্রশস্ততা সহ চিত্রিত উচ্চশিক্ষার অক্ষরগুলিতে মনোযোগ দেওয়ার পক্ষে বিশেষভাবে অতিরিক্ত ফ্লেক্স / লক্ষ্যমাত্রা scarefest। Moreover, this film hasikhusibhabe 80's heavy metal silliness and ambitious kilajo defender of the damanasila tyranny accuser them both syaradanika pyaradidim, who claimed that it was the devil's music is very cute and money from (the famous greed decade of the heavy metal god Ozzy Osborn is a ridiculous anti-Metal TV There is a ridiculous bit as the preacher!). Mark Price <br /> <br /> ( "Family Relations" disappointing on skpypy Skippy) gives a surprisingly strong and winning performance as Eddie "ragamyana" Weinbauer, a geeky, socially awkward and heavy metal aficionado severely persecuted those trapped jerk preppie By the bullies Lakeridge high school students make up most of the students (who are high school kids cruelty and average-spiritness) with painfully credible accuracy With A). Eddie's life revolves around when his rock star statue Sammy Carr (an impressively torn photo of Tony Fields) dies in a hotel fire. Hip Local Disk Jockey Nook (KISS Front-Man Junk Simmons in a cool camio) suddenly uploaded Eddie to Sammy's final, unused album, which played back to bring Kara's brutal spirit back from the dead. Sammy Edc encourages all the dirty scumbags who encourage him to create the poor living of poor Eddie's life-based survival, only to be modest Eddie will be most reluctant. It is up to Adi, helping tokens beautiful girl Leslie Graham (such as managed by the beautifully lovely Lisa Arganini), to stop Sammy before she gets out of hand. /> <br /> thinking and sensitivity to the role of the actor abhinayayogya <br Charles Martin Smith (who appeared briefly as a harmless school teacher), Michael S. Murphy, Joel Roth sosana and cittakarsakabhabe by tapahyama written, and proper up-to-snyapha Cast By acting, this sure sleep has ended even with the Nifty "Jump" moment (especially the bright mind Tillers long-bound mutant things, rates are specifically highlighted as a vehicle behind an offensive attack), an enthusiastic "Carrie" Style High School dance kill sequence, a neatly Halloween setting, revenge is ugly business, as accurately as is being shown, and a strong central The message that gives you a specific person to your hero It should not be strictly counted because the posting of the counting of the opposition is the special status that a colleague can qualify for.
