John Owen's 1960 epic The Alamo in San Antonio, Texas's Best Picture of Texas War in March 1836 One shot act as producer, who temporarily covered him financially, Wayne showed that he had the talent of acting like his iconic talent in making films outside of the West. <br /> <br /> I commented on that movie in a review on the other night, and I mentioned that Wayne and James Edward Grant (screenwriter) discussed some topics that have been very rarely mentioned in the earlier films of the war. They came with slavery. They are finally discussing the contribution of local Mexican landowner Juan Sagin as an important leader in the Crown, Bovy, Trives, Austin and Houston Equal War. <br /> <br /> But there was a weakness in the film (though hidden). Many people think for the role of Owen leadership, it's hard to work properly to throw. However, he did not properly handle the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio de Santa Anna. The role is played by an obscure actor Ruben Padilla (on this board, his thread shows only three listed credits). Paddi did not have any conversations (even in Spanish). And when he got one of the last shots in the film, he only saw it as a silent quarter, observing the flames of Americans and their alliances. Despite the many bad choices, the casting of this television movie (The Alamo: Thurten Day to Chlor), is one of the leading filmmakers of American filmmakers (from 1836 to 1854), the best film to show a man. Raul Julia was a wonderful stage actor. I was fortunate to see him as a surgeon like ARGMS and Manhattan Man's production (in the late 1980's). He was never boring, and usually his first rate of acting. <br /> <br /> Here we see the arrogant monster in his bad times. Something that is not suitable for Santa Anna's will or activities is not acceptable. The army may fail to bring certain things requested in force, or it can not immediately request "foreign brigades" (as he watched the Americans), "Napoleon's Napoleon" West ". <br /> <br /> Santa Ana from 1830 Between 1855, there were five or six times Mexican presidents, who claimed that he was involved in overthrowing the first President because President It did not live in conflict, but it was the power that kept him for years. It is a sad commentary that he was a leading Mexican historical figure for two decades, until a Benito Juarez, in the late 1850s, was rejected by a political personality or military personality. Initially, he had demanded a great liberal ideology, but he once acknowledged They had a son, whom they had to meksikobasi hundred years ago guidelines were needed to govern themselves (and thus the krisise Gilbert Roland said as he made his return to the leadership of josesera). The amazing thing about him was that he had managed to come back. His policy was in disaster. When we came to know about the attack against him (there was a revolt) in Texas, he tried to expand on the ground (and probably saw most of his control in central America). He won almote, but he spent the cost of living. Colonel Fannin's men in Goaliyad were genuinely in their massacre (someone might make a case in the case of the destruction of Almor defenders, who ultimately fought, but Fannin surrendered). Then San Jacinto's disaster took place, where his army wiped out (he failed to take precautions for American troops). He was captured, and humiliated, and forced to sign a surrender in Texas. Houston was kind to him: the soldiers wanted to string him. <br /> <br /> Most of the wars were not hurt in the fight against losing the leg in the war against the French in 1838. He refused compulsory surrender of Texas, but could not politely neglect it. Instead, he will lead the Mexican to defeat Mexico against 1846 - 48 Americans, to lead the Mexican session. The United States was "fit" to give Mexico 15,000,000 dollars to the south-west, but Mexico lost more than half of its territory. Franklin Pearce's terrible administration would be the last president of 1853. It is only one of the greatness - sold the border of Santa Ana to Arizona and New Mexico ("Gods purchase") and did not spend so much of any Mexican president (even Pofrio Diaz) and his country in the United States (Diaz sold for the sake of foreign business, but he sold Mexico Its economic muscle was created). In 1855 he was exiled and settled on Staten Island. There he operated his most creative work: he launched the chicken in the United States and it became chewing gum. Something to achieve! <br /> <br /> Jalia's Santa Ana is impressive to be America's best land purchasing agent and smaller than plan. He is not going to stand for the opposition and he expresses his anger at the moment's notice. Most of the time, his main assistant, Colonel Black (David Wagen Stevens, British-born officer here) holds his tongue - he does not want to be in front of a firing squad as he may be. But Stevens is secretly less than enchanted by his boss. Finally, when Alamo Protector is alone with the new widows of the deceased, Stevens suggests what he really says to Santa Ana. And they did!
