When this image was created, the hopper thing went mainstream. The counter culture ideas were well established, so big films can be made. Yet there is something to say about it, and it is called really beautiful. In addition to those who are waiting for the waiting factor only, this movie is credited for its beautiful scenes (which is more than enough to see the film itself). The soundtrack of this movie, which has actually become more popular than the movie, is another plus. Pink Floyd's "well with the well that is Eugene" really feels good with the explosion, and the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a pretty cool mood. But then It seems that the most recent message is ignored. If you can not understand it, which seems to be the greatest case, I'll give you some hint: People (tough guy, his name ever-mark?) Are part of a "reality group" . He "wishes to die a bit." But something like this says "is not boring", he then goes for a pleasure in a stolen plane, perhaps to find some steps. He is in the air, Gratifle played Dead Dark Star (from the Live / Dead album) (I think). The song contains the word "shawl win you and eye for wii can not", although it can not be heard in the movie. (Perhaps it carries a little bit of meaning to the quote?) On the plane, she examines a girl (Daria), who is driving in a car in a conference (the general suburban family about the opportunity to live in a deserted place in the desert, where everything is very easy And beautiful. For the whole family!), Down by diving, hit the car almost. He landed flat, and the girl joined his way to Detroit. They stop at the Zabersky Point, where they enjoy each other as living creatures and nature. Later on, a family with a big car (sleeping in some sort of sleeping) and a speed boat is shown that, going to Jabersky Point, Dad says, "How to drive all the way here," and the child sitting inside the car, grinning I was not much better than a sensed "this telly". Daria took Mark again to the plane, which is now painted in the cyclical style, the identification number is not "a war" on one side and no other word has changed to "any word". There is also written on the "Bees es x S" plane. Mark stole from him where he stole him, Daria said that he did not "take some risk" or some, he gave some hints that he is not taking too much care about his fate. (For this reason, the surrounding environment does not give him anything - "I wonder what will happen in the real world") At the airport, he met the police officers who shot him, though he had sent the plane back. Daria listens on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in the palace. Here he feels alien after daring with his only killed friend. He enjoyed fresh water running more than the swimming pool. Inside the house, the audience is again given a hint about the anti-materialism-it shows through the glass walls, as if it is trapped in the trap and hands over the glass. Traders argue, one side is encouraged to make big deals, others are afraid to lose money. Daria leaves the room and looks back towards it, it is swelling. After the house, several other things blown away, for example a television. She is happy inside what she is happy after she interviewed with Mark's appearance as Negative, as she neglected herself. <br /> <br /> In short: Mark's reality definitely speaks of the experience as "useful group" as they sit just as very useful, taking no action. He clearly felt bad feelings about things like them, and it seems that he thinks there is no use in fighting against it. She wants to go away. He helped Daria to see her views, who "remember but not in action". Where the feeling of absence of his feelings leads to his death, one might expect Daria to use the ideas that will become more constructive. In the film you see whether a commercial (LA) is commercially polluted (very bad you have to show the commercial to make the point), you see the business people decide what is the future, etc. And you feel unhappy with this and other situations in the modern world Part <br /> <br /> I just watched this movie once, so I did not catch all the points, but of course I felt what this movie said. , And I find it weird that it can be called weird. If you think points are very obvious, but I can see why this film probably wanted to appeal to "dig" Hippie Radicals for anti-thesis ideas. However, there is a lot to say about it, and its message is still needed today, which is similarly going on the same way before 60 seconds. Zabriskie Point is a real great movie, telling a story about a very young person (very easily hippies do not roam around the Tip Tea, they excavate everything) that they really appreciate, which is dissatisfied with the conventional. And it is really done in a beautiful way.
