I was told that it is one of the movies "You Love It or You Hate it". Well, I like it. Clear Hippie era, date and simple symbolism and all. So, maybe I do not have any taste for Antonio, but this and La Noti (just a decade ago) is my favorite among his films. Two years before my birth, Jabriski Point was considered to be the great American epic of Michellejo. But apparently, it turned out to be a flow. I can not really see why. Before reading this, I used to read that it was rather annoying, so I grabbed myself for a very slow movie - even though I love a slow movie. For my taste, Zabriskie said it was not a tiring minute. While watching this, I made an emotional note about how Europeans were in the part of the director to frequently use advertising billboards in almost every urban scene, huge billboards make a man's appearance visible. This repetitive visual element is clearly underlined that consumers crush the American society. But I saw it directly in El Clicius, which was set in Rome in the early 60's and noticed that Antonio often added billboards to it. After all, with man or with man in each frame of the landscape, architectures and efficient use of unknown objects, an Antononii trademark ?? This is precisely the way that he evokes his character 'mental state, less or less understated power and great visual effect. He is virtually vague in this skill. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point 70 played two very interesting lead which was supposed to be big stars, but never never Mark Frayt, who I already saw in the filmmaker Finca Rossi's fine-set WWI-set film Umini Contro, had a very sad life and died at just 27 years old. According to his biography page, he donated $ 60,000 to a commune from Jabersky. Mark's co-star Daria Halpin, apparently after the wife of Dennis Hooper, is a young ornate Motiar, stunning, natural beauty and appeal ?? One of the brightest beauties that do not need a shred make-up for elevating the head. Like Frichit, he praised only a few vague movies and never stars, but at least he did not die sadly. Most notably, the Jabersky Point is sometimes one of the most original sex scenes to be illustrated - one that has seen young people look like a young player - as I have seen - as well as a powerful cathartic end. As far as its symbol is represented, it can be the sequence of the greatest series, but I can not see how I can deny the wonderful feeling of beauty and emotional freedom. Never an explosion was so good, and so poetic. It seems to be an explosion that restores orders instead of bringing chaos.
