When I see a movie many times do not come and "haha, what?", But it was one of them. Maybe after seeing Jacobi Point, I feel the same way after 22 years, Woody Allen felt - after watching it three times in two years, she liked the film, which was happening in the filmmaker's way. Michael Ellejello Antonioi, some of his efforts to make films within the United States (after the Red Result, he bloop, this movie, China and the passenger, all of his paintings outdoors Italy), I realized that he was almost To learn The results show that there is no shortage of ways to present images, feelings, tones, colors, words, and a visual representation of this era. "The director is looking at a job", once said Antonioi. Whatever it means, because he is not frustrated for the fate of his fifty-year post (I say fifty years later, I still can not see any of his photos before LA'ventura). <br /> <br /> <br /> What he lacks is a point, at least on the point that he can blow up and bring acceptability. You can get the feeling of what surrounds these characters, which themes are raising their consciousness, but in this case the characters and actors do not come with strong beliefs or intentions. Antony is coming from the school of hard-stock, neo-realistic films, most of what he can do with non-professional cast (who looks like real actors are involved in the role of corporate characters), but two stars Mark Freyet and Daria Halpin It feels as if Antonioni is under their control. Probably that was the dot. The story is divided into three parts, not gratefully confused, Mark escapes from its existence around the 60 ° LA area near the warm, dangerous campus, and Daria is sent from El Paso to visit Phoenix at some business meeting. They are Mark's flat (how to drive, maybe little background information?) And Daria's car can show and they spend time together as they exist in the desert. Wicked sex scenes, in addition to a stylistically mesmerizing, this act is not terribly interesting. <br /> <br /> Two leads are fair enough to see, but what does the curiosity fix to each other outside? The upcoming ideas (part of a script written with Sam Shepard) are not very public, except for a short instant where the drugs vs. reality are highlighted. Then the film is directed towards the third law, Marc decides to do the right thing under serious circumstances, and Daria arrives at the place of her boss, only complete confusion (not only the infamous take five minutes or more), the film). Although the film took time to tell its story, there was no problem with me as the story was only related to a particular audience. I understand the feeling and the doubts and the fear and the confidence of the "anti-organization" confidence, but maybe Antonio himself is not fully aware of this. As director and editor (and Alfio Contini's often wonderful cinematography), scenes and backgrounds are more progressive and more determined than humans in the foreground. The technical aspect of the Jabersky Point is not associated with a degree (it may be slightly slowed down, because Antony is probably much more than the documentary filmmaker, because Francis Ford Coppola seems to be the theater director). <br /> <br /> Deserts, skies, cities, even close-facing faces are also depicted in the eyes of filmmakers, in order to get them to fall in love with art in the frame. Our soundtrack is a crushing, exaggerated pink floyd song ('Careful with Aux Eugene', re-titled with one of its best pre-Dark Side) simultaneously with a master stroke with a sweet rolling stones song at the point. Order If performance is not one-sided, then I can be equivalent to block-up or eclipses. It is a gifted stroke on the one hand, and on the other hand a disgusting move that was in the Hippie / Fundamentalist movement in the late 60's. But hey, like Americans, it can be annoying for America like me, it can not be like other people outside of the United States, like Italy. And ask if it will not be canceled immediately after viewing one.
