I know it's an obsolete position related to Jobrsky Point, but I liked this picture. I know, I know - I can legally be called an Antonioi fanatic. I love Lou'Antura, I love La Nottie, I love El Cliches, love the red result, I love bloupe, and love the professional: Reporter (sky passenger). The only Antonioni movie that I do not like, I've donated less than 8/10 (and the only three that I gave less than 10/10, La Noti and L'Lallis are the other two, although I totally admit that I Again to see them), outside the clouds, which can be termed as a horror movie. However, if you catch my drift, there is no terrible film right now. So if you are not an Antonio fan then you just have to ignore it logically. If you're even a casual fan, you're thinking of this awesome movie, whose name, when spoken, is often <br /> <br />, which is generally overlooked by Antonio's supporters. <br /> <br /> Because people want to hate it because 99% of movie observers only care for a movie description. Well, that's not right. If a movie is amazing from a particular point of view, then say acting or cinematography or direction and in its description, the creators of the film, movie observers love it very well. But a movie is one of the most amazing visual compositions and it can be a long or anecdotal story - it's one thing that has spoiled the film for years: Arguably, they absolutely hate the film. I will actually agree with that in some ways. As much as I can dislike it and want to change my perspective, love is a film that is very difficult to describe, which I feel as poor. However, other people tend to get annoyed with a loose statement. This is certainly what Zabriskie points must be driving away from viewers. I could describe the story to you, but perhaps you think it was irrational. It's, in fact, but, to me, that just make the whole effort more beautiful and beautiful. I would actually compare it to 2001 favorably, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001, the film is completely incompatible with the inconsistent story. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Jaberski Point is the mood in mind. Music helps a lot; The score includes many works of the day, including Floyd Flowers. Mood is similar to one of Antonio's best moods, filled with loneliness and solitude. Also that comes from that freedom. The best sequence of films is when the main man and woman (his name Dariya, I know, but do not remember his name) reach the car next to the historic marker of a desert highway. There is an ancient lakeboard outside the stone wall to keep the car away from the car. It's basically a rocky desert, and two go to play it. The setting is very nice. The woman says: "It's a beautiful place. Do you think?" Man: "I think it's dead." There is no trend whether it is a good thing or a bad thing. Like many other Expression Expressions in other Antonio films, many characters like to constantly disappear or disappear. Instead, instead of passenger hero David Lock, young journalist Hippie has become ill with his friends' politics - he thinks he talks too much and he does not do what he thinks best, at least he said he does. I think he just wanted to get out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The picture is also amazing. Antonio's films can only be identified by a few frames, but its visual style is always built. I like the passenger more than Zabriskie Point, but his approach to Zabrsky points could be his final achievement. Well, that might sound weird - L'Avventura and Red Desert painters are amazing. I think it's especially amazing that the camera movement is here. He apparently made a tone of $ 1 in blaupe, which was the biggest surgical hit of his day, at the time when the largest of all times She spends well here, especially with her jet shot. In one of the highest sequences of the movie, one person stole personalized airplanes, dive-bomb attacks in his car. <br /> <br /> One thing that can be criticized is the politics of the film. They must be obvious. Hippies were not obvious, but Hippie's attitude to Antónioi - there was certainly no one in Italy - certainly odd and well, filtered by a foreigner's eyes. Children are criticized instead of advertising, but it is still a criticism that exists today. I say, can not you ignore people? What does it hurt? Are you walking around buying a billboard because you do not want to? Or there is criticism against capitalism. Daria, secretary, worked for a company stealing land in the desert - the land that she and she enjoyed with her - to make the house affordable, suburban homes. Rod Taylor, a very famous actor, whose most famous role was in Time Machine and The Bird, played by his boss. The end, which I will not destroy - you've seen it - almost restricted to cheap. However, I understand the treatment of police officers. I usually disdain them, but they were awful during the time. They may still be awful They always got much more power. <br /> <br /> This intense argument against American living still does not affect my opinion about the film. I see this filter in America highly filter. I really do not think I would disagree with Hippie Antonioi. 10/10.
