If the solar system does nothing before, Iberia will be a milestone. Now it is a great director and worthy of the inclusion of a great cinematic patron saint in Spanish culture, but he has done so much before, and although he can appreciate the wealth given to us, our favorite and high blood wedding (1981), Carmen (1983) ), El Amor Cruz (1986), Sevillas (1992), Salom (2002) and Tano (1998). G I will choose Fluamenko, 1995, to be the most unique and strong cultural document of solar, which will be followed by the next Iberia. <br /> <br /> Isaac Manuel Francisco is considered as a genre of Allenije's song (1860-1909) and especially his "Iberia" suite for piano. Isaac Albéniz was a great contributor to Spanish musical culture externation - it's re-arrangement for a non-Spanish audience. He moved to France in the early 30's and was influenced by French musicians. His "Iberia" suite is a fantasy synthesis of Spanish folk music with styles such as Liszt, Ducas, and D'Adi. He traveled almost to perform his writings, which is a beautiful standard of Spanish rhythm and sun, which is moving towards it rather than homogenized as the Ravell's Ballero. Naturally, the Spanish has restored Albany, and in Iberia, the actors explain their writings in terms of various writings and ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is a low and thin form of Spanish musical and dance culture in the Spanish flamenco Spanish language. Flamenco, Gitanen, Hijapo-Arabi and Jewish culture deeply felt outside the Andalusia region, Amalgaon. Iberia belongs to Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar Peninsula. The very idea is more diluted. <br /> <br /> Solar Flamencoo is a freely ethnic mix of dirty breeding of music, singing, dancing and warm-generation generations, which is a style of style, which is a male and female pride that carries itself with pride and elegance and answers on pan-ache - even The bullfights and Taro's moves are full of it - in a series of electric sequences without roles or conclusions; They're just Solar always emphasizes the firmness of its cooperation with the Koregraf Antonio Gods and other artists. In 1995, at Flamenco, he made a testimony to a story, and only went to a big sound level with the excellent light and screen, flat and mirror decorated by Strao, the most important filmmaker based on singer, musician and dancer Spanish filmmaker. Associate The starting and ending of the series in Flamenco is often rough, but the atmospheres, marked simply by mixing and mixing of voiceless sounds and voices. Sometimes the film keeps feeding when a performance ends and you see wrapping on the dancer, sigh, or smile; Or someone just say something unexpectedly. Compared to other musical instruments in Solar, Flamenco calls it the singers and dancers' intense interaction and the observer watching the "observer" and creates "magic". Because the solar fact has created magic, and perhaps the best when he dropped out of some popular stories. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Allenij's music playing and gradually danced to the continuation of the dance and singing a little The headline to mark the type of song or region starting with a pianist. In flamenco music, the basic element is incomplete voice, and that voice is the most unreasonable and unique contribution to the world music. It is related to other songs from other nations, but none of it equals equally beautiful ugly-beautiful tears, which protests you to do something, but listen closely to the earliest attention. Then clapping and foot stomping, and then dancing, combined with other elements. There is only one Flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Solar Flamenco, you want to see Iberia, but you'll be a little disappointed. There are styles; There are some of the great voice and dance and music. But due to Iberia's sources and ideas, it gets a lesser degree and it creates less rich and intense cultural experience.
