Eventually I was lucky to catch this picture in Turner Classic Films, because it was a film that won Oscars for Oscars (for special effects) on Oscar winners. <br /> <br /> Baconbos and Bromstics are easily a sequel film for the previous success of Medicaid Popeins. That film is also a great success and Oscar winner (Julie Andrews's best actress) David Tomlinson plays the role of Mary Poppins like BDKNOBS, where she learns about parenting. It is a fine mix of live action and animation. It was established in the past of British history (unless Edwinian - 1912 London's Georgian world, during the summer of 1940, during the "Duncark" it is the coastal area of ​​England). Even here as the Home Registry General, it has the old Reginald Owao, and before that he was Admiral Bom in Mary Popeins. Wonderfully it was the oven's final role. <br /> <br /> The Home Guard Sequence (not many in the film) reminds one of the ARMY of the British series Dade, which deals with the problem of local house guard guides. War. This time was also recommended while seeing the appearance of three Rolin's children as orphans fighting in the Blitz bombings in London. And the song "Portobale Road" (in special Disney fashion) is available on the costumes with Scottish and local women auxiliaries, including members of the British Army (including Indian and Caribbean soldiers still with metal drums!) <Br> <br /> Which is all, amazing, a plus. But for the biggest plus of Angela Lansbury, her performance, like the Eagentine Price, finally: its only original music movie leadership. In a remarkable career career, Lansbury did not find the role of a true carrier musical instrument, which was very similar to the musical Mammie Anne Maem soon after BeadKonbS. He was singing some parts (Glass with a young boy with a young UP, and a small onion in Darin Gray's picture and - in the foremost - support and last time Harry Girls' Achievement, Aceca, and Santa Fie). But here he plays the female lead. So when you hear his song with David Tamlinson, you will be able to understand what lost if you did not play with Mam Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is quite good, Tomlinson is learning here that he may be the emergence of an occasion after a lifetime of relative failure. Three children (Syndi O'allaughans, Roy Snart, and Ian Weighel) have shown more interesting aspects of their characters than their predecessors Edwinian predecessors (especially winged, after finding out that some kind of a witch, like an enthusiastic blackmailer for blackmailing after luncheon). The only surprising waste (probably due to the cut of scenes) is that Roddie McDowell has two sequins of the movie as a local villain. With her potential role as a humiliating enemy of sorcery she should have had a bigger part. Also John Erikson, the German officer who conducted an operation at the end of the film, only got something more powerful than he imagined in the British countryside and faced Sam Zaffa as Jam's rival. Lansbury and Tamlinson are looking for formula. <br /> <br /> For animation, two signals under the sea can be seen in a leggie and the most popular football match, Tomlinkan is later drawn as the referee and being fantastic. Badly banged up various complaints and scrimmages. I said it was an excellent example of the best work in Disney Studios.
