Roshan Sheth (the hard father of "Mississippi Masala 'in 1992), who once again played the role of father and head of the family, and much more, was seen in a long ride set in 1971 in Bombay, India. . Along with the perfect family settings closely, subject matter is lost and included in friendship; Unexpected death of a friend (in any case, in the presence of prayers, a friend faces calm face-to-face mask - so Roshan's character is Gautamad Noble, similarly notable); The incident of a pedestrian artist - "Turned into a temple wall as a latrine?" The temple in rumbles and ashes was "once predictive and philosophical." It is full of life lessons in different aspects of different relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and younger daughter; little girl and father and mother; long time colleague; long lost dear Friends, even a human being, who is innocent of being "stupid" slowly. <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film era, it is a color film, Humorous and its power is the story of textural level with humor and mystery, a director who is not Indian (Sturla Gunnersen Iceland), has created a political Indian / Pakistani film. She is in the bone marrow of Persia, illustrated by Roshan Sheth, whose performance is such as flexibility, Neutrality and joy. (The songs are sung.) The rest of the cast is equally strong: Om Puri is the friend of a friend A friend of a man is a helpless "stupid"; And a long lost bosom friend - it is a lot of friends A world of face and perspective Director Gunners demonstrated sensitivity in the treatment of that period and carefully researched the subject. Sunny Teparwala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salam bombay!") Wrote the script, she has a good fortune. This is a worthy journey to truly enjoy a movie. In addition to the lines of Cultural Search (Road Film Style) line, Frederick Thor Freddeson 1994 "Cold fever" went around the world to search for a specific spot for his last respect for his parents in an Icelandic home about a Japanese youth, undoubtedly the dead Following the memory style for. This day and heart-warming of cross-cultural attention in such kind of respect and family bonding at the age of cybercrime.
