Before the production code was cracked in July 1934, Mitch Leissen's all-star Paramount musical linking was suggestive-even somebody is mistaken-and highly entertained. Two murders took place on the opening night of "Earl Carroll Vanities" (at one!!), But it does not prevent the fraud manager (Jack Oki) from being seen as a fraud police detective (Victor McLugena). Everyone is hiding something and Gypsy Rose Lee has seen this private murder mystery before writing "G-String Murders" just like this distribution (though more satisfying here). As a fierce dive, Gertrude Michael closes the show (multiple ways) with his foreign "sweet marizana" show and Dook Ellington finished with "skeletal rape". The hit song "Cocktail for Two" came from this movie. A bizarre and bawdi camp classic is highly recommended! Here is the "Los Angeles Executioner" Lausanne and Persons on May 17, 1934. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> But in September, There was no better picture than that, which was made to please the eyes, especially the tired businessman. But do not worry for a moment. Carroll's girls, the eighth nature, the only attraction Believe it or not, Murder on fans is a musical comedy thriller, if you know what I understand-the mystery of a murder is included in a musical show. It's been in the beginning of the game and it happened on the night before a search for the killers began. Just by suspending, a police threatened to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in the police. The time he is trying to find the murderer, he keeps an eye on the beauty of the eye. The murder is well with the exception of the mystery denouement, which is quite flat. Probably the faulty direction The dancing drama is almost as composer as the heroine of Dorothy Stikny, ten, twenty, thirty shows. For no good reason, he never had a last ending rate in the big dramatic scene. The girl ensembles are good, and it's a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead shots. Clothing is beautiful; In fact, it's a music that Paramount can really feel about their credit. Carl Brison-for the wedding, he will join any ceremony. Looking for a delightful singer voice and looking good with an easy, assured way, he claims for her all its press agents. I like Kitty Carlis, who leads the show. Gertrude Michael, as a villain in the deep-eye, makes interesting scenes interesting. Jack Oki as the Stage Manager, the same old advertising jack, but we can not change him. Jessie Ralph is as nice as seamstress. Charles Middleton, Gayle Patrick, Donald Make, Barbara Fichi, Toby Wing and Lona André. Screen play is indicated by Kerry Wilson and Rufus King, and Mitchell Leisen. Music is by songs by Arthur Johnston and Sam Coslow. These websites include a Mickey Mouse cartoon along with Murder, a Paramount Newsreel, and two relayers, The Dug Recharge. <br /> <br /> I do not disagree with Loli, if it is satisfactory, the top. Why would he blame the director? Was he dissatisfied at the end of the story-or was it driven? And what is a "ten, twenty, or thirty show"? Take a swipe at Busby Berkeley and its "overhead shots". It is difficult to believe today that the masses of the masses' schickick in May of 1934 were tiring. Mitch Leissen said, "If you are shown a stage show supposed to be in a theater, then you should be within the borders Prascenium arch, and a buzz with a large starcar set that is not a buzz Berkeley routine is big." <br /> <br /> Do not you think Barclay's spectacular effect is this freedom acceptable? ML: Apparently they did because they do not revive all of its pictures and none of my life, but personally I do not like it.
