I've made a lot of comments about the movie and it's hard for humans to believe that this is a sign of Henry Flower and although it is technically, I think fay graeme should be treated as a totally different movie. Because it is not meant to be a seagull, it can be a direct continuation of the first and I have enjoyed so much about it. The whole point of the film was to change direction from the beginning, because it is not known as Henry Flower 2, it is called Faye Grimm. All that aside, the film, I thought, made so well and thought that it actually surprised me. I was hoping to rent another almost released-direct video image and had to work hard to follow 2 hours bad editing and story-line (direct direct direct to Sky Park's Ohio video feature) but it was so surprisingly good attention that it almost feels like That's not what I absolutely love. There are many ideas for film making and writing that I want to watch in movies, but never do. Cinematography was brighter due to the availability and truly considered the film as a 'greem' - in terms of settings. Along with writing, it is kept together, anyone who tells this movie that it is not surprising, will see Henry Flower again and actually listen; I could not even explain how it was really delightful, and relevant references. And better, Parker Pasi, who can complain? The scenes were so thrifty and emotional that the flowers and the jalals were going in the dark. And I thought spies throughout the film were so ridiculous and the spot (obviously I was satisfied that occasionally lost your feeling of feeling). The movie hit me so forcefully and I believe in the movie movie, the love of Parker's love and the nearness of the fool, which became so respected and turned, yes very quickly, totally from the denial. The last five minutes of the film were perfect. Obviously there was something that was not nice, but nothing was perfect; Acting was something poor, and sometimes I think it was difficult to follow some new background and terrorism dialogue, but eventually you found it and did not even think it could slip away from your understanding. (It may also be with the trend of Goldmoo to speak very quickly) I would say it was probably one of the best movies of this year; Stylisticly fun, clever and malicious writing, the performance is so impressive that I've now gained new respect for actors and truly sensitive movies, and do not forget to completely exit from the wrong. Which was the point.
