Okay, this image is a representation of a few things. For beginners, this movie is an unsatisfactory student, who shoots about 9 students in school guns. One student survives and is hospitalized with extensive head injuries. Despite the movie's statement, many people who consider 'Lonar / Goth', its main character is not. He seems quite mysterious, but the victim was the only unharmed student in the classroom. He asked questions about the history of shooter history and the record of having a record of having him in the night before. However, he is a very short and distant person who thinks that society is despicable. Yet, for some reason, in the first absentee events, he spent almost a year from the school, the grade failed. She has the desire to graduate, and to spend time with the survivors of the hospital, victimized him in the only possible way that could ethically pass him. <br /> <br /> These two leads are almost completely reversed, and they are quite a social stage that is quite different. Alisha is a quiet, internal, annoying, social-social 'Goth' girl who spent her time alone alone (although she used to read most of the time, a few different things, different things, different things differently), the other daughter is rich, popular ' Bubbles' girl who is always incredibly optimistic and falls into the trap of her own imaginary world, the outside world and her realism Ignoring for survival. I feel these two roles to do an extraordinary job of representing the maximum 'class' in modern higher education, but more importantly, know each other openly to each other, who knows how completely opposite girls are. Once the injured girl learns deep, meaningful truth in the sanctuary and outside world, Alisha can learn that completely abandoning society and locking everything is not always the best thing. <br /> <br /> Many people will see the connection between these two girls and see two things one. She is a snobby, hateful girl who wants to rest in the rest of the world as she enjoys, a innocent girl, or a seemingly trap, fantasized girl meets a segregation in the story of the girl and not only learns the story of the judge, but she is actually, perhaps, she One of the most intelligent people known is one. In other words, people can focus on this film focusing on Alisha and teach other girls about life, but this is not about that. <br /> <br /> This picture is a different topic. Although I'm talking about it, it's a big, life-changing disaster, how the people work. Indeed, this movie is not very symbolic, but unless you are afraid of expressing some emotions to your mind, and your heart, until it's incredibly straight forward with its message, you may not be familiar with miraculously portrayed. <br /> <br /> Overall, this film is the best one I have ever seen. The acting is brilliant, the story and the presentation is profound and meaningful, and none is related to the feeling flowing through this film, but it will probably be a cry. This picture is very impressive and very influential, and if I ever believed that a movie could change the life of a person ... this is the first thing that can change me. <br /> <br /> I like the movie, if you ever want a movie running and influential, see this when incredibly entertaining and real.
