If I did not get associated with Henry Flower's letters, I probably liked this picture more. I will not worry about those who did not see the Henry flower. Hartley made fun of his presentation of TIFF's films, saying the film has many interpretations and explanations. <br /> <br /> This picture is very intriguing, which keeps the film going on. There are many ridiculous moments and the film is surely the heart of Hartley's trademark humor and the rhythm of dialogue. Finally, make sure to satisfy a technically good movie and new Hartley fans who are looking for his work. For the old fans who used to trust their previous works as trusts and aspirants, the film can go anyway. I have mixed feelings about film and general of Hartley's next movie. How Hartley Best is setting her stories in her short stories, which draws attention to her characters in a close and unreasonable way that interact with each other. In the late 90's and beyond, his films expanded in terms of content. Such incidents of mass media, religion in the book of life and now Faegry's terrorism. I do not know if Hartley's talent is so good with such a big deal or if he is able to do it. <br /> <br /> Wonderfully enough, the film can still be reduced in close ties, an easy love story about it that a woman who wants to find a husband loves it. The only problem is that I have seen Henry Flower and everyone is incredibly out of character in this movie. You can write this movie a long time after the Henry flower ended without any intention of a signal. Somehow, the terrorist plot can be easily used by McGrafin's confession using Henry's books (Hitkochian sense). Fey's motivation for finding Henry was inspired by the need of the plot rather than the fame of Henry Flowers as a person. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a little disappointed in the film because it is not true in Henry Flower's letters and it just does not work as straightforward Simla. Big things such as terrorism, such as Hartley's view, have a lot of satire and enthusiasm. It works somehow and does not work at the same time. I would say, depending on how much you know about your rate of hartal work and how well Hartley's work depends on whether you love or hate the film. Fans of Henry Flower will be frustrating. For the rest of the world, welcome to the heartland world and enjoy the ride.
