If Hollywood is believed, the Navy is nothing but a laziness. While sailors may complain about the unity of the ocean, it seems that their ocean duties are not fully existent and there is enough time available to provide dance classes in Fred Ashtyre's romantic romantic dance class. As in the world of Astaire and Rogers. The previous film 'Top Hat (1935)' by Mark Sandri, completely disregarded the Great Depression while presenting America with his knees and presented the audience to a spectacular and famous worldview; This is the aspect of success in life which probably contributed to his success. Similarly, Sandrich deliberately forgot that the life of a navy is difficult and decayed, and instead replaces the responsibility of a sailor with striking lightweight musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Beck" is the two former dancing partners of Becker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers), after which the romantic relationship was disconnected and later rejected the proposal for marriage. After returning to Becky for several years in the Navy, he saw Sheriff as a dance dancer in San Francisco, Bolivia. When two former lover tries to scream and mock each other, Sherry's plain, music-teacher sister (Harriet Hillerd, looks really pretty) got a complete makeover and tried to attract superfilial sailor Billyz "Billy" Smith (Randolph Scott) Do it. There are lots of normal scrawl comedy Schengenes, a few moments of misinformation, even a hilariously trained monkey that steals every scene. Particularly interesting is the scene where the hijacking of an actor's audience for creating a window for the biker, unexpectedly for both of them, it was an unfortunate Sheri who was able to drink soda and buy bicarbonnet. <br /> <br /> 'Flead Flight (1936)' was the fifth winner of Fred Astaire and Ada, Rogers, and third (five), in which the pair of sandwich was directed. Irving Berlin produces music and songs of the movie, and each musical number is fun and entertaining, even if they are 'Top Hat (1935)', 'Swing Time (1936)' or 'We Also Dance (1937). 'Astaire tries to destroy the personality of its general rich-man-city-city without much success, but without being too wealthy, the performer is hard to imagine without the discouraging kids. The role of romance in Connie and Knowledge works well with antrix of two major stars, and there are some mental numbers of Harriet Hillield (wearing a special wig to avoid quarrels with Adora's blonde hair), including "Get You Me Back Devil" , "Was originally written for 'top hat'.
