Hollywood's premier dancer Fred Astyarte and Zinger Rogers, in the 1930s, became widely acclaimed in a highly elaborate art deco set. However, they took a little less graduation, ten ten songs together for this 1936 tour. During this time, Astaire foregoes his top hat, white tie and tails turned into a bubble-chewing naval called "bake" buckler; And Rogers Dance is the entertainer Sherry Martin, who is a partner of Beck and otherwise - he plays before being listed. As a result, in contrast to the wrong fault detection ploy and romantic dialect of their previous pair, they are already a couple from the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> The film, directed by Mark Sandry, has given a descriptive similarity to the "Roberto" of 1935, in which he is one of the two couples shown in the story. In fact, Randolph Scott has played the role of another man in both films, this time as Beck's feminist order, "Billyz" Smith. He has partnered with Harriet Hillair with Irene Dunne (who does not make this track). Ozir married Nelson in real life, and decades before Ozir and Harriet, Hillyard starred Sherier's Spenster sister Connie, who became difficult for the Bilez. In a silly plot, he is given a makeup by a young, bloody blond Lucie Ball and has a three-way shot of Hilly ball in front of a mirror, ball and an impediment-doll Batty grable. <br /> <br /> To tell the story, keys are given to Alan Scott and Diet Taylor in one and the other goes like this ... Beck and Bill Ge are on vacation in Sac Francisco where they end up being a dance with them. Classmate. Buck finds Sherry's work there, when Bill's comes to the first corner when he comes as a messy spinster and then sees as a glamor girl. Blooms for both romantic couples Connie and Sheryl have inherited a steamer from their father, but they need money to keep it afloat. Multiple misunderstandings occur in both relationships, but they are working to make Steamer a theater and it works for a fundraising concert review. It's stupid to hear, but it gives a good excuse for three of the memorable Evering Berlin tunes and the Austrian-Rogers dance. <br /> <br /> প্রথম দুটি স্বতঃস্ফূর্তভাবে স্বতন্ত্র - একটি নাচ প্রতিযোগীতা সেট "লেট ইউরাইজ গেই" যেখানে তারা নিষ্ঠুরভাবে জয়ী হয় এবং একটি শারীরিক জাহাজের কৌতুকের রুটিন, "আমি আমার সমস্ত ডিমকে এক বাস্কেটে রেখে দিচ্ছি" সেটিকে টুপি-ট্যাপিংয়ে সেট করা . However, their last dance is a classic return of beautifulness with a melodramatic piece that has become neatly "confronted with music and dance". Curiously, this film is not only an Aster's dance, but in Rogers's only film, only one dance was made for himself, and again an energetic tap routine, again set to "Go Go". Clad in a buttercorn sutine sailor props, he sings most of the songs around the beginning of the song starting the same. <br /> <br /> Actor, Astaire and Rogers generally have very funny form here. স্কট তার ট্রেডমার্ক মোরগ-চোখে দেখাশোনা করার সাথে তার ভূমিকা পালন করে, হিলিয়ার্ড একটি অত্যন্ত নিঃসঙ্গ উপস্থিতি এবং একজন প্রাক্তন ব্যান্ড গায়ক হিসেবে তিনি দুটি বার্লিন প্রেমের গানকে হতাশাজনকভাবে ভিন্নভাবে উপস্থাপন করেছেন। However, the magic made by Astaire and Rogers is their essential for this essential viewing. Ayastayara and Rogers work together to begin the "2005 DVD is a thirteen-minute featured" phleleta the Fleet: The dyanim phutasera Source "from the many good too has started." Lady Brick Bay in May, "and the original theater trailer, a poultry-themed There is a live action "Sound" named cartoon, "Melody Master: Jimmy Luncoughford and his Dance Orchestra".
