Hundstage Vienna is a deliberately ugly and ineffable study in a specially suburban suburbs. It comes from former documentary director Ulrich Seddell, who took a very documentary-like approach to the material. However, the film is floating away from the usual kind and is described as the best "extreme" with our character ?? Some are extremely lonely; Some are very violent; Something weird; Something terrible; Some very frustrating and misunderstandings; And so The film incorporates plots plus fewer episodes for free, which occasionally is connected, each Vietnam following the letters in a few days during the summer season. Will the feelings of very few visitors come away from entertainment ?? Its purpose is to point out some of the wrong things with the people, which generally hurt our society. This is a thought-provoking film, and its decisions are totally awesome. <br /> <br /> A warm old widow imagines her old gentle lady and wants to striptease for her while wearing her dead wife's clothes. . A nightclub dancer is always opposed to his son-in-law boyfriend with vile and violent behavior. A couple can not grieve over their dead daughter and they can communicate with each other and seek comfort through sexual relations with other people. A humiliating person disturbs his wife, but she repeatedly forgives him. A security salesman is trying hard to find a criminal behind some vandalism on a working site but ends up picking on an innocent scapegoat. And a mentally ill woman wanders with strangers and insults them until they get out of the car! These extraordinary character lives together in the summer of summer during the summer. <br /> <br /> The film has desperation. Many scenes can be twice as effective as the whole passage of dialogue that is defined by long, weird silences. Then there are other scenes through which conversation and on-screen events annoy you. In particular, in a scenario where security vendors leave a female hit-haikar from the mercy of an infamous person - for rubbing, raping and abusing her for some vandalism (all off-screen) to frustrate her. The freak, the taste of anger around. In another scene, a man has created a burning candle from behind him and forced to sing national anthem in partnership as a punishment to insult his wife. Although we would like to get this lip accepting its up-space, but at the same time we have been disgraced and disqualified by the nature of its punishment. In fact, such a huge challenge can serve as the essence of the whole film - every moment of light heartwarming is consistent with a cool moment. Every enemy of hope happens with the feeling of despair. You can feel or feel sympathy for each character, the other is something that does not encourage anything except anger and hatred. We would like to go away from the handsstage to cancel it as a grief exercise, but it also indicates some uncomfortable truths and should be commended for it.
