This photo has been transferred as one of the most annoying and shipping films in the year. It's one of the few movies, probably the only one that gave me a sari: Even Pasolini did not sing, with whom the movie compares, affected me in this way. I've seen echoes in the film from filmmakers Posolini, Fasibinders and others. I had to ask myself, what was my idea about this picture, which I think? I think the answer is that I am seeing a scary movie, but one that defies conventional conventions or even reverse. Generally, in a horror movie, horrible and horrible things will happen, but in the margins of civilized society: abandoned houses, solitary hotels, castles, churches, morgues etc. Handler handling on this issue, a policy that acts as a project site for the desire and fear of a kind of defense, dark and obscure principle. So, from this point of view, Hundstage is not a horror movie; It takes place in a perfectly normal society, and is not so dabble in the horror films of horror films. But what you see can be done by the disorder of some of the main themes, especially in relation to the body and its infringement, at the level of fear and persecution. The setting of a middle, middle-class society is reinstated as a repetitive game of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack of intimacy and integrity violation: the things that you get in horror, but light and transparency is a policy that has no recourse. It is apparently the power of Sedel's film that is in this displacement. Hundstaz displays their cotidian repetition instead of extremist and catharic sites related to these topics as a function of everyday - in which case you will encounter. Reiner Warner Fasibinder is an important reference to the reference here. Fasibinders also had a way of mingling with personalities in his films, one of Molludram's strategies that allowed him to deal with serious and even moral grounds about political ideology, domination, desire, question of ownership, sexual property and political opinion. Control, fascism and capitalism etc. Sillar's technique in the process of developing society is linked closely to the fasciinders; Like this German music, his society has a political perspective, which he thinks is his responsibility to move forward in his film. In this seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, Seddell was a guest, who was asked why she should have such examples of Hundstage's violated, subordinate women, but no woman should be released from any fight. Siddle replied that some people might think of being immoral to show violence against women, but she thinks it will be immoral to display it. As an as well as an artistic statement, I think. Thank you.
