This movie is not called the Kup (Giovanni Ribici), which is stolen about a thief car, the stolen cars do not grow at all. Then he was threatened with murder, who gave him? Now 50 cars are being stolen for 32 days with the help of Randal (Nicholas Cage), a retired booster and cop brothers and Randal's some old friends. You can see that this same old, big 'get out of trouble' lil 'bro' and certainly Randall was the best thief. Of course, there are some reactions and surprises among all the other movies that you have never thought, but sometimes it is also predictable, so there is nothing fancy about the story. <br /> <br /> You're probably frustrated why it's about 51 times hot stove, because only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars will be stolen. Well the other hot item in this movie is Soey (Angelina Jolie (who will be a big star) (trust me)). The role as he steals the car is not only very believable, but he is very hot. Not quite as hot as pretty, but cool as cool and sexy. He was very credible in this role, perhaps he is a wild woman in real life (do not trust me, read his biography) and look for yourself for the sexy part. I just know that he plays the girl I like in this film, because he is not very mainstream, a little alternative and he even comes with a tattoo. Well, I felt that while watching this film, there is not too much system, in a completely unrealistic scene, the story is fine and there is not much joke. Hey, but after seeing the whole picture, I'll definitely say: Who care Why would I say it, because it was still entertaining; There was a couple behind the cool car; Good music; Some Brookhaimer scenes (where music additions and actors' lines make your eyes wet); Good actors who did their job; Nice car; A cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and last but at least car drive with very nice and cool equipment. So here's some downsides but still a pretty good and entertaining movie. The best way to describe this movie is that it is an overall movie with a cool movie ?? <br /> <br /> <br /> For the cylinders, well ?? Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes, and finally, after these good movies, he is now my favorite actor in acting style. As well as last year what actors have done so well / thriller and such successful ones? Well nobody is there !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he is one of my favorites. Mr. Although cages are really one thing about Bruckheimer films, they're getting worse. The rock was a clear 9th, con air was an excellent 8 and this is clearly a 7th. That mark is not bad. Does not it show that his films are getting worse under Brückheimer, and perhaps before thinking about the role of the film, Cage has to think for a long time, and perhaps it should make fewer movies? No, it does not show us, because in almost a few minutes, the films of Keiji have been successful, except 8 mm and bringing the dead out. 8mm was not very good, I admitted, but it was never a crime, and the story looked good to me. I can not say anything about the next picture, because I have not seen it yet. One thing I know for sure, if Brackhammer had asked me for three movies, I'd say yes to all of them. I would say The Rock, because the story was great and you can play with Shan Connery and Ed Harris. I used to say yes to the air, because it would work a lot, because the story was good and you were able to work with John Malcovitch and Vaming Rams. In this case I used to play because I got a big picak, I could drive some cool and fast cars and I was able to kiss Angelina Jolie (who Lara could not wait to see her) croft props). This was a good choice for Mr Cage and the price of the theater was definitely worth it. <br /> <br /> <br />
