It was a curious or comic than adventurous Twilight Zone is a cute episode. Booster Keaton is a junto mligigan from America, working in an experiment in 1890. He is constantly aware of the problems of life around him: meat is very expensive (like $ 1.00 / pound! Neglect!). He is always yelling after the crazy speed (Bike - Auto does not appear yet). Finally arrested, he saw a helmet like a scientist by the device, and kept it and tried it. Suddenly he is in modern America. There was a seven-minute silent film at the beginning. Now all the words, all the words, all beeping, all blowing. Keaton has only a few minutes here when he realizes that the world has changed and is not good. He is Stanley Adams, professor Rolo, who understands that Mulligan is from C. 1890 (he referred to President Cleveland). Rolo always wanted to live that charming, quiet age. He helped Mulligan repair the helmet, and they went back to time. Due to the lack of scientific equipment that he can use, Rolo gets annoyed after sometime. Muligan puts a helmet on her and sends him in the future. But now the Udro is completely silent, quietly engaged with the right age. He got satisfaction. <br /> <br /> In his last fifteen years, Booster Keaton is often on television (often for the Allan fan of Candin's camera, where he can help set up the public eye tricks). He has also made several films (most notably a great thing that is going on in the way of the forum and the radrador). But sometimes he pops up on television dramas and episodes. She suggested her to be here as the director, perhaps the director (old comedy film director Norman McLeod - who had directed Marx Brothers to Horse Fathers) whom she can. See Stanley Adams and when Adams is snatching him a pair of trousers, he's getting up. During the timing, in 20 seconds, Sherlock starred in JR. The episode shows keton after a fine for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> The presence of Jesse White (as a repairer of all things here) is always welcome. But look at "Professor Rolo" a little. Stanley Adams was a well-known painter on film and television for his tragic suicide in the 1977s since the 1950s. Was as a wrestling promoter in the film version of the movie, in vague appearance, and heavy, speedy voice, his best known dramatic role, REQUIEM. For a heavyweight (Anthony Quinn wants to be a wrestler wearing costume as an Indian). His best known television presence was the Space Trader, who presented the Star Trek to the Starships Enterprise crew as the fertile, fertile small animal "Tribbles" (such as "with the problem"). Adams was always able to see (such as Jesse White and certainly Keaton), most of the productions he was presently grew. I could never understand his suicide, but it was the tragedy of the actor's first-rate character.
