Kosimo (Luis Guzman) woke up in jail for car theft and there he plans to be a perfect hijacker of prison; So he has to get out of jail quickly. He told his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who spent some money in prison. But nobody wants to make time for Kosimo's crime and yet everyone knows that such a person will do his job. Soon after the bad boxer, Mahalavik (Sam Rockwell) found details of this so-called "perfect work". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very interesting and I would recommend it from my point of view that it is all about. This movie is remade of the Italian comedy "I'm Solidi Ignati". I did not see the original Italian, so I can not judge or compare those two movies. But "Welcome to Collinwood" a great comedy for himself, about four people trying to rob money from the vault in one room. Everyone gave their part to the brightness from casting this movie. Really nice movie for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Messi (Great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (Great), Luis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney shared them in this project. <br /> <br /> It might be said that this movie is not just a comedy, but a fair match. Then that's more. Because of a difference. If the thief of this movie has very little desire, then they are asked: What will they do with their money? It is most modestly securing their future. This incident crosses the comedy in the souls of criminals. And not only to them but also to convict Babu, who represents the corrupt people. So here the Director Russo presents us with the fact that criminals and police are the same. Actually all is Collinwood; And not just at Colinwood, all people on the legal or illegal roads are behind the money. I did not like all the movie viewers were finally for thieves and cheers. But, this one exception. You have to love them all. Relay with his little girl and wife in jail. Completely with her pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a whore!" And all others They are like the characters of my favorite comedy Alan Ford. They are trying to do everything, but only they are out of luck. But they all worked well: they gave the money to the relay, so he could bring his wife out of prison. They are all heroes in my eyes, because many "honest" people will not do it.
