Seeing this film at the age of 14, for the first time, I got hurt for the first time in the Soviet TV that I heard the word 'Govno'. (I was really the first time in history? Nobody wants to add to the triangle section? :) ... What open courage and freedom, I thought! Over the years, I was more impressed with film and incredible acting, but my feelings became a bitter mix of the original part of the cinematographic industry and a bitter feeling of an idea against my 14-yo. Impression: helplessness. There is a wind of torrid disaster across the primordial degenerate tide throughout the animated film to promote humanism throughout the film ... It is generally a great metaphor for the Russian revolution, the superiority of the intellectuals and the superiority of the lower classes. Be, to express the power of mediation and to consume it by ... a non Subtle and ingenious piece it's a miracle, a brilliant ironic and elegant form is a really sad wrap ideas. Symbolically enough, before the end of the tradition of the Soviet film tradition, did the Hollywood Sunami recognize them before opening ?? Well, it seems, most of the Russian movies are being judged (many of them 'blockbusters' prerelease !!! trailer and poster :). <br /> <br /> Funnily, that 'go no no' episode does not contradict Einstein's comments from the current generation's objectionable language ... From what I said, it may seem that it could be a movie that showed the way for it, but It was not. A mild sound by the current values, it was very lazy, and it is quite absurd to show the actual nature of all the Shariivovo ... BTW, the abstraction of the effetor is again illogical to be intellectual and to use illogical lexicon. For Russian speakers, the meaning of such sentences can be the translation of single passwords! But I regret that all the meanings of today's teenage words can be expressed by cusswords. I think this is a big problem than the choices that are most effective in this medium. :) Well, this movie and book are a great way to think which can change them, or anyone who can enjoy it.
