This movie (and yes, it's a movie - it was shot as two potters, but the two parts have been together for more than two hours) - one of the best in the world's movies. Very well, and at the same time, the absolute barbaric condemnation of the Soviet regime and the type of person created under it is a trusted adaptation of the long banned evocative book by Mikhail Bulgakov. The sets were flawless, and the director made a great decision in the movie Monochrome Sepia, which destroyed the color of avatars in the 80's, but adds to the feeling of truth. I will not say much about this plot, which is worthy of being discovered by the audience, but the performance is the true Oscar material; Special reference to the e-mail. Vastiginov, who plays an old professor with knowledge of such presence, gravitas and wisdom, which only gives a word or gesture, ends up stealing every scene of it. Second, of course, animal / caste V. Tollokonnikov played a terrible perfection, which became far more dangerous than the Honnil Lecter, because he was not only present in real life - the entire country ran across the country with people like him, with what happened. <br /> <br /> It's a social political fairytale, it's notable that the film is going on with humor, though it is dark - though there are many wonderful comedy that did not let me laugh like this movie. Laughing in this movie is not just a feeling but a sense of understanding and a contract, which is always a plus. <br /> <br /> I have no complaints with this movie - only a little error is intellectual / bourgeois snobbery tone I repeatedly caught from the "illuminated" character. But this is a minor trick. <br /> <br /> The sad fact is, this image is left with Western licensing companies. It is a shyness to say that there is an illiterate and spontaneous (which should not be incredibly difficult) all-round films, although all cultural references and revolutionary terminology must be reduced in translation, the main themes of the film should be accessible to all). We are waiting for our fingerprint version to exceed, I was considering making myself an English subtitle. See how that works.
