Okay, after studying some Atlantis reviews: The Last Empire, I want to clear some misunderstandings, as well as the fraud from Nadia: Blue Water Secret. A riffe from Nadia was so similar in terms of the origin and origin of the pendant from Nadia and how the pendant of Atlantis' pendant is used, according to it, there is no doubt about it. If you want to consider Wida and Nadia in the same way, you can also keep it against Disney (it was distorted for Nadia and Kida, who could wear a Bikini-style dress on an adventure-scientist, mentioning that they are both very similar style ). I would agree to make some copies as an anime fan, but it is not only realistic in the short stories and although most of the concepts are not real (like Laputa wall encryption design, ancient mask of Prince Monocock, Garfish submarine carriage of similarity to Nadia etc) ... Plot itself I believe it is very original And it is quite surprising that Disney Captain Nimo could stop it without using it ( Jules Verne is the main character of the 20K league's main character, which is also the main character in Nadia). Like Mileo and Jean wearing the same style glasses ... As shown in the novel "Lord of Flies", the glasses are a symbol of knowledge and intelligence. I think Stella's main character, Mayello, Gene, and dozens of other "intelligent" characters are unable to play role without glasses. For submarines and how the submarines fight (such as with the explosive torpedoes, which is exactly like Nucleias), I want to say that if the Atlantis is involved in the plot, it is necessary for one element (later it is a shrinking city water). Despite having some characteristic similarities with Nadia Nalilias's crew, it can be artistic but I do not feel any copyright infringement as the characters are completely original to me. I have seen today as an anime fan that marks Nadia as the # 1 best enam. I've seen the first preview when I'm suspicious about Atlantis. But now I've seen the movie, I've got my self-confidence back in Disney and after the Atlantis, they got high hopes of future movies. After all, my best movie is still shaking with the sound of their song in the middle of the movie and it is a plus that they corrected their Chess scripts to make them better. Also, it is surprising that they actually illustrate bad people to make too much worse at their beginning. (I wonder what bad guys do and just how the golden girl looks like the look of the bad character with Disney!) Bad boys really looks menacing appearance it draws higher
