First of all, I really enjoyed this movie and its message, which is brave to live a life of breathtaking. Very poetic, with heartfelt and funny and sad scenes, very vivid, it was a pleasure to see. Here's my "exception" though: The film is a very long way, and in some cases, it adds more and more conflicts so that it starts losing the original story line. I am disagreeing with another comment that there are so many people's unreasonableness with this "weird" problem in such a small village. I think this was absolutely realistic! Unbelievable plays are going on everywhere, we do not know only about those which we only see so much. I dislike the last, which was loaded with emotions and very compulsory. It is very bad as it left a bad taste. I do not like this issue that so many such things have been dramatically mentioned in this group (when someone accuses others in front of others, everyone is already "ashamed" for everyone, even before everyone is private to everyone who is a group of people working closely together Is). And: Protecting yourself is the strongest instinct of a human being. Then why would Daniel be beaten to death on earth and not to fight for himself? I said that he was not weak, at least he could try to save himself but he could not see anything because he was crazy. As such storytelling strongly tried to bring a message that "no violence required", but the way he liked it was not good. I am also against violence, but despite all the attacks, the credibility loses credibility as it is helpless. And Gabriela ... Why is a woman on earth who spent many years beating a man, when she was arrested, she went to the person and said, "I do not want to hurt you, you just did your best, you Like all ". Oh really, this spoiled so much! Is he going to become a saint? It would be normal to be bitter but not nearly "holy" and not so human. His work with Daniel and the music was so great that he forgot what happened to him? Please. So, this was the spoiling moment. Still, I still think it's a delightful movie that's all enough, which is amazing enough, my discomfort with several things. See it !! ;-) "
