Famous international conductor Daniel Darius (Michael Nickivist) hinders his busy career with a heart attack and primarily retirement, in his successful career. He decided to return to Sweden in the summer to return to his summer, where he was a sensational 7-year-old son who fooled Connie and other schoolmates to lead a lesser age, when his mother left He bought an old school and was invited by the local Shepherd Stig (Nicholas Falk) to participate in the Church of the Church, but denied the reluctance and shameful Daniel's policy. However, he was involved with the community and was attracted by local doctor Lena (Freda Halogen), a local woman of the past. His music has opened the hearts of singers, influencing their daily life: Slow Toure (André Sjöberg) has the opportunity to participate in the singer; Stiger's wife Inger (Anglo-Olson), expresses her cruel sex; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes an attitude against her abusive and violent husband; Gossip and Frustrated Siv (Ilva Lough) open his heart against Lenara; Fat Holmfried (Michael Rammum) is crying enough against businessman Arne (Lennart Jahl)'s jokes; Even Daniel started loving people and leena as love of his life. When invited to participate in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel saw his music unveiling the hearts of people to fulfill his dream. <br /> <br /> "S Som I Himeleen" is a sensitive and sensitive movie. A very nice story Director Kaya Pollack and Screenwriter Authors were able to develop many letters in the 132 minute running time. Performance is supported by top quality, excellent music scores, and at least two great moments: when Gabriel sings for his concert, and certainly the audience with Vienna's final songs, jury and composer, and Daniel dreams of his dreams come true. Like "Torumi", the stranger does not change the life of a conservative community, not just a family. Furthermore, like many European movies, the open conclusion indicates that Daniel actually died, at least in my explanation, his music has reached peace with success. In these two scenes my eyes became wet. Not my vote. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraso" ("Life in Paradise")
