Yet, a sure program for World War II, not just long during the World War, but very informative. There are 26 episodes of the series (each episode lasts for about 45 minutes.), And includes events in the beginning of the war and follow. Most episodes are about war in Europe, and there are various episodes of the Pacific War. Other episodes include information about the war in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic and the home fronts of Germany, Great Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is an episode dedicated to Holocaust. The series began with a new Germany (1933-1939) episode and before the outbreak of the war, about the emergence of the Nazis in Germany and German regions. The series ends with the last episode; The effects of war in post-war world Remember this is a suitable episode for the end of this great program. Each episode starts with a brief introduction and then begins with the opening of the credit. The credit is accompanied by a powerful music theme. There are many fitting music pieces throughout the series. Each episode is like a mini film. The footage is superb, and so is the way together. In addition, the footage is in some colors. Includes information also makes episodes memorable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> This series was produced by Jeremy Isaac for Themes Television (UK). Commissioning in 1969, it took four years to produce, as was the depth of his research. The series was narrated by Lawrence Olivier (one of the most famous and respected actors of the 20th century). The series interviewed Allied and Axis campaign leaders, including witness members in the list of civilians, men, officers and politicians listed on the list, Albert Speaker, Carl Daniitis, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mouladine, Curtis Lima, Lord Mountbatten, Algerian's, Toshikaque Cage, Arthur Harris, Charles Swiey, Paul Tibbets, Trudle Zanz and Etih Stephen amabrosa sabida. Jeremy Isaac said that he tried to interview in "Making War on the World", not necessarily the big name to survive, but his associates and supporters. According to Isaac, Henrik Himalar's assistant, Karl Wolf, was persuaded to interview and interview the most difficult subject. Later, he was admitted to witness the death sentence of the bigger death sentence. <br /> <br /> Most television history in World War II is often considered to be the definite television history during World War II. Some consider it the best example of documentary forms. In 2000, industry professionals voted on the list of 100 Best British Television programs created by the British Film Institute, 19th in the World War War. Everything in the program must be learned about the fighters. After watching several episodes, I loved the series so much that I tried to see the remaining episodes after the other. I saw them several times. There are two big documentary series that I know that the audience may be interested. One is called Great Watt (1964), about the first world war. The other is called Shol War (1998), which is clearly about Shol War.
