My expectations are not exceeded, they are certainly met. "Nancy Drew" acts as a mystery and a comedy. It gives respect to those books and loot them at the same time. The film begins with an animated credit sequence such as books in the book shelf and clinical order. Then it immediately started lampooning books. Writer / director Andrew Fleming feels that a teenage girl seems to be ridiculously breaking a crime scene in a small town, so she does not use this concept religiously. He makes fun of the ability to do anything for nancy draws, such as every class in school, to make a bakade treatment suitable for transforming an enemy with him, to create a bird house with bird flying petrace and even perform an emergency trotchmoid. Party Nancy'd always be the perfect style, if she lived well in the 1950s instead of the current LA and she often carried a "sleeve kit" with finger printed dust, flashlight, compass and magnified glass. Of course, Professors, but I think Hardy Access at any moment is slightly advantageous with CSI tools at any given moment. And Purki Pipsekak's personal eye is a little smaller than his literary opponent, but it is more ridiculous than the movie's part. <br /> <br /> The mystery of this movie is more severely directed. Nancy and her lawyer father moved from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy excavated a cold case a few years ago, involved in the murder of a Hollywood movie star resident in her new home. Nancy is looking for some pretty practical ways to search, like Google and its websites to see older videotapes of surfing and hunting movies. When she does more than anything common, you will appreciate the involvement of the girl. Amma Roberts, a perfect intelligent goat, plays nicely pint-shaped amateur belt. If she is not completely realistic, makes a very perfect girl completely lovable. Tate Donovan is also very good as the father of the perfect girl, Carson Drew. He is the ideal father's image without irrationality, and as he gets in danger as he sees reasonable concern for his daughter. Max Thayt's acceptance of Nancy's boyfriend Ned Nixon is less. In the TV series of 1970, I liked the screenplay of George O'Haganon Jr., calling Nanela D'ace as Nancy Drew, of which there was a throat, painful child with little crush on Nancy. The 12 year old Korky (Josh Fleetti) character is much less boring than the Max Thiet's nude with a cross in Norsi. Amy Brookner and Kane Panbecker have properly played as friends base and George of Nancy's girls, but they only make short comes at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Chris Kooten (SNL), Eddie Jameson ("Ocean 13"), and Bruce Willis were all surprised by the guest guest, which proves that you can pop up a movie next to Bruce Willis. No <br /> <br /> This movie has failed to achieve some feasibility. Initially, the new house of Drus has been very empty, but Nancy and her father were walking through a stupid trap a few minutes later. Also, Nancy has described a cold case that she is going to investigate the assassination of an extraordinary party that potential killers should get abundantly, but she only faces some suspects. And when in a few moments of the real mystery at the time of Nancy's campaign, the solution of the case does not come from anywhere, and in the end all possible plot threads work very easily and build KK. The Ralph Salle score joins the movie suspense, but contemporary contemporary rhythm song soundtracks are woven. Yet, I really enjoyed this movie, and when it is noticed mainly in twin girls, people of any age and age can enjoy it.
