Unfortunately, Jean Esterch (1938-1981) is now home to many leading French filmmakers who are looking for movies of unknown unknown people and are not released on international DVDs. As we have an old fashion store in Tuxson, I have had the opportunity to see this 3 1/2-hour marathon masterwork, which is not annoying for ten seconds. <br /> <br /> As we talk about one of the most discussed (and most controversial discussions) movies of all time, I would like to tell you my impression that immediate dialogues, which is basically a Jacques Rivet or Alain Renaissance's "Novevel Wig" Ideal for, this movie seems almost ridiculous. Dialogues are largely solidarity, typically spoken by the longest Gene-Pierre leode. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections of two people's speech are almost zero. Leod, or his character, Alexander, likes to say more about himself than apparently things to talk about. Therefore, no one can talk about the contact in this movie. It is very good that the director had a psychological mockery against the inaction of the most widespread political and social sciences, but the type of Alexander is always in existence, we find him in Petron's "Seatrichon", which is a remarkable similarity with the work "The Mother and the Whore". There are also. <br /> <br /> Alexander is nothing but he has developed his own material about absence of acting, he has played the least role in the sense of the responsibility of society. He mocked people who are going to work at 7am, when he is busy with drinking his last drink before going to bed in the apartment of a friend of his life. He is not able to say a word without quoting one of the leading thinkers of Netzache and Berners. In particular Sartre is shown in the French Intellectuals café "Ox Dux Magnots", where Alexander is sitting all day, he will serve as an excuse for the life of Alexander and his colleagues, because they suffer from the crisis of the bourgeoisie. . However, Alexander's intellectuals seem to be rather pseudo-intellectuals, and instead of the sentences and quizzes they quote, instead of the actual lesson of their books, the quote seems to come from the dictionary. True: This film claims a very wide European knowledge, especially for the understanding of French existential philosophy and the consequence of 68 student revolution movements, but if you have this knowledge, then you will be surprised in 215 minutes of your life. Rather than crying laughing at your TV and you probably probably did not have it for a long time.
