At least often there are unfortunate fame having little real depth. Arms and humans, that idea proves to be false. Shaw's play combines a recreational plot with a full, true philosophical depth of comedic drama. <br /> <br /> At one point, Arms and Man is a successful, and somewhat unique romantic comedy. Youth, musician, and subroutine judgment come from a military family deeply involved in a war; Her drunk and her father both military officers. He is a sudden one night in the arrival of the enemy soldier. He had rescued him, knew that he would have to keep this incident secret from his family forever and the soldier would eventually leave. Of course, when the war is over, the soldier comes back, compelled every primary character to evaluate their values ​​and their relationships. <br /> <br /> It is quite funny how sha layers are rather standard comedic plots. Shower class manages to comment on the structure, the irrationality of the war and even the nature of love. And, of course, he does this with Shavian's wit and in a satisfactory plot. I think there are so many things that I can miss a lot for watching. Arms and Man are one of the best comedy theater and obviously one of the best works of Shaw. <br /> <br /> "Arms and Man" was both a fun and thought-provoking film that still maintains its relevance, more than that, it was the first idea after a century. Satan is fascinating in the popular theories of war and love, and coalesced a military rage with anger over love and family structure. The game has flashing wit, humorous humor and bitter sarcasms. This is a good example of Shane's conversation: "I'm a professional soldier: I fight when I fight, and when I do not want to do it, I'm very glad you are just an amateur; You feel a pleasure to fight" . In fact, there was no reason to be involved in the war of boy blantchurch as the defender at the Swiss hotel, and Shaw was in disagreement with the question of this patriotic feeling. Shao is fully aware of the war and military searches from both sides of the struggle and ultimately shows that the feelings of both camps are not different. <br /> <br /> Conversation and quiz life for general conversation is entangled with a humble assertion of story movement towards the end of a fairy. In the end where all the characters are happy and the lovers change and love the shift, it underlines the essence of this play as a comedy. It is a movie that keeps its image of public appeal and is still appropriate, when the concept of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shawr "arms and man" should maintain its relevance as long as love and war.
