'Renaissance (2006)' was built in collaboration with France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom for nearly six years, about 14 million taka. The final result is a great success for comic-book animation, which is aesthetically similar to 'Roberta Rodriguez' and Frank Miller's 'Sina City (2005)', but this movie captures motion with live-actors to translate their faces and movements. . A fully animated layout. Presented in black-white-black color, the film appears to have been based on the graphic novel page based on it, and the future city of Paris can reduce its unexpectedly from us. Directed by French filmmaker Christian Vulkmann, in its feature-length episode, 'Renaissance' significantly draws from science-fiction genre, and the technology-silent story is not something we have not seen before, but the technical perspective, <br /> <br /> year is 2054 A crumbling metropolis filled with dark alleys and deserted footpaths in the city of Paris, recent developments in recent technology only offer a thin mask of pitiable dark buildings deterioration. The city's largest corporation, Ablen has acquired assets with promises of beauty and youth commitment, and the company's research department is trying to innovate in a broader way to eliminate the growing growth process. Elona Tseauv (Romola Garai's voice in English language version, which I saw), a brilliant young scientist, was unexpectedly abducted from the mysterious way of returning from work, and so is his legendary detective Bartholomie Carass (Daniel Craig) for his current release. The place Perhaps the key to her disappearance is Bislana (Catherine McComback), the elder sister of Ilonas, whose trust in question, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holmes), a dedicated medical doctor who called Ilona as her daughter. <br /> <br /> Reminiscent of Radley Scott's 'Blade Runner' (1982), reminds us of the weird, gradual city city of Paris, and some technologies think that it is borrowed from Tom Cruise on 'Minority Report (2002)' has been done. {Which was, incidentally, also set 2054}. However, despite this introduction, Volcano has created an exciting world for its characters. Combining classic film-noir and science-fiction, it leads to strict light and dark shadows surveillance collage, which should warn me, sometimes it becomes difficult for the eyes of the audience. The conversation is sometimes somewhat unusual, and the story does not offer anything compelling, even the least basic [except for the last, which I think was a bold wrapping on the usual formula], but 'Renaissance' is a visual treat for the purpose, and this topic That can not be denied that is successful.
