I'm glad that with Karas and Tasuevic sisters, the film is able to say the only positive thing about the movie. <br /> <br /> And firstly, it looks like it should be seen; Boy's adventure, Renaissance police super investigation case to find a missing youth scientist ?? Ilona Tseauv, Geneticist and Researcher of Avalon Company. <br /> <br /> The story of Karas, Ilona and Bissellen, however, is far less familiar to Sin City, good movies, and one more adviser. This will be more meaningful in the French comics Ephesianosos (last week I've enriched my collection of French comics, though I have not lived so long?)? Atmosphere, music, characters, their lines, intrigues, all excellent and respectful. One of Paris's top policeman, Karas, was shown to find a young girl who was the medical star of the doctor? Genetic research, Ilona Tasuev? A light-hot blonde, whose rebellious sister Waswell harmonically well, I guess. <br /> <br /> For me, comedy and TV series old debut, Renaissance, a wonderful beautiful cartoon, like the reappearance of a Wild West Episode ?? Here, a mythological past has been replaced with the same mythological mythological future ?? And blasé, as a thrill, in a sense. Not satisfied; Does not it look particularly good ?? paced; But it's seducing and hypnotic. Moreover, in short, it achieves sketching despite a world, the real world? And should we talk about her childhood in Evelyn, Nakata, Jonas Muller, Tasuiyev sisters and Garnam, Farfelah and Karas Kasba? . I like the renaissance feeling, a certain humility and compliance and adventure, and professionals, assurances; Among these new cartoons, this one and Linkler's Dick adaptation (- the only and first-dick adaptation ever ----) have stood as an act of my beauty and genuine tension. <br /> <br /> I thought the future devices were perfect and never in common, oddly weird (like invisible clothes). Like the ad, the characters have different names, Bisleen and Farfelah, mostly collected from the arts and entertainment world (Garna and Ilona and Nagu ??). <br /> <br /> No one thought that Renaissance poster looks like Rauke? That guy Marav; This is not a paragon of a CIN City City City City City, rather a fundamentality, and is actually comparable to Miller's story? In other words, the silent predictive appearance of a decayed society, the protagonist of the protagonist (actually, the character of Willis in the previous film and cross of Roukek's personality ??)? On the other hand, this cartoon is more public air, straightforward boldness and in a word, it is for kids like CIN City ?? Well, I mean to cruel kids, 'There are nudity in the display. What I said is that anyone can be excited that these characteristics are characteristic, even like the appearance of more mature comics in the future and the general places; Truly enough, and the old Miller came to bring the things on the screen and there is some adjustment here and there in Renaissance. Now it is also clear that every ring should be faulty, so every sin city, its revival. I admit this inferior prediction story, rather being quite partly of an overwhelming specialty.
