Pixar has been so well-tolerated and so successful, since their films are technically wonderful and visual mosaics, but there is a story to match with their style. And that's often very moving style: Affected, charming and cross-generation. I do think that (and may be wrong), I think (and may be wrong), I think that the creators are not worried about the character and the plot, and to pay a lot of attention to the sound and the film, many of the animations (talking in wide terms) and many other animations do not match their technical skills. , Or the efforts to make some animations are so great, so they're really close to the power to create a compelling story. Ti can not. <br /> <br /> The same revival can not be called. His plot has errors, but I'll find that later. However, the same error is not reflected in the visual - the Renaissance stunning sophisticated. Very high contrast images (sometimes such a high contrast that illuminates only the face or glow) and incredible details are always impressive, always enjoying seeing The exhibition's predicted Paris Blade Runner and the brave new world disaster child. Neglect of its laboratory passages with dark, vague, quite rich and even clean, but the plot, corporate collapse, covered with beauty (after the catwalk's capital, after all) and the sculpture of sculptures and the spectacular, sophisticated architectural veneer. <br /> <br /> This is a compulsory environment, not completely original, but all the same. Most of the film's 'motion-capture' technology and humans and designs will cause a black and white photographer to die in the film due to its unbelievable attention. The detail does not interfere with entertainment, because Christian Volcano has some fantastic action performances: a hell skin care sensation, some horrific fantasies, several tissues in the dark, and a nasty dust-up in a dull apartment. . Location is great, too (I want to visit nightclub). The central character of Karas is your regular off-the-chef Macric Cop, the other two female characters (sisters) who are the real motors of the film. Anti-warfare from Eastern Europe, War of War, Diaspora and family bases, they are a sophisticated metaphor for all Europe. <br /> <br /> This movie is very atmospheric, flashing on-camera and adult tone created for a very engaging experience. However, the plot ... it is not getting even more interesting than the initial hook, which will find Ilona Tasuev, a drop-dead superb and pioneering scientist with unexpected plus karas after hijacking. The sinful corporation Avalon (a corporation is never a sinner?), Which was working to 'classify' her projects, was cruel to recover, and soon the government blames, corpses, cigarettes - smoke and narrow Miss Bullets, and Ilona's sister Bissellen ( Very sympathetically speaking by Kathryn McCormack) is falling in love with him, because he is deeply disturbed in the city (and his own past) Made of ropes. <br /> <br /> The book is silent, in other words, but I've enjoyed a lot of pictures compared to the movie (with which it carries a virtual visual compatibility), plots and resolutions are lazy, but sources of immortality are being raised but never tested , And high-rolling avalan CEO Paul Dellenbach's Schengenes are frustrating, causing many dramatic tensions. The basic ideas are the science-based elements, and it is a confusing idea that is visible and the atmosphere is masking hypocritical elements. <br /> <br /> However, the film is completely transparent and perfectly coherent, even if in some situations the letters sometimes get excuses for displaying technical wizardry. But it was the trend of living in Paris, in the year 2054, the community's perspective, and another city from the ground, which makes this movie look something like this. I can take it very seriously, and if that is the case, at least I say it is nicely made, very entertaining (and very mature), and with a different environment.
