The story says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of 30 people gathered at the Seven Indian Grand Café interviewed by Sinamotograph, a new discovery that was done by some photographers called August. And Louis Lumière Small audience the day that United had (mostly the invitation, because most of the interest due) shows what might expect, it really was not, and when the screen is a still picture was displayed, when most thought that sinametographiti just another fancy had planned to present a slide show projection. Until the photographs begin to move. Thinking on the cold days of December, was the first public screening on the screen on the screen? The history was written and the movie was born on that day as we know it. /> <br /> The historic day <br "La Santiago des iusinsa Lumia" (literally "Going out lumiyare Factory") ") was the very first to the screen. The film shows lumiyarera factory workers because they walked through the factory getaguli, After the end of hard work, the building has left. A very basic "reality movie" (a real film-making film), the movie is called The surprised was because the images of their moving pictures Edition of the "Pips Show" machines (kinitoskopa) was limited, the brothers discovered before they saw something that was not, and the audience is afraid of standing, because the people and the horses across the screen went away. The idea Not entirely new (the first film in 1888 was the first shot shot), but the way to show the film is simply B <br /> <br /> "La Sarti des Eugene Lumiare" will be the longest "reality movie" that Lumière will produce for years.Documentary This primitive form was the favorite type of film because they could use Cinematmatographe than to discover them More interested in technical technology. In spite of its initial lack of enthusiasm, Sinematography was a great success for the first time and "La Sourte des Eugène Lumière" became the first picture to appear quickly. It was obviously not the first movie of that year that the brothers shot that year, and probably was not the best of the 10 best films shown on that day (personally I think "El" Orosur Oros "was the best 10); However, it is really meaningful The first film was to open a pair of gates, literally, this film opened the gates to know the movie.
