I just came back from last night's movie and it was really a silent way because most of the audience was confused, though the party's black and white images, party independence movement etc, which was very memorable in life. Our ancestors face! In this backdrop, remember, there was no telephone / fax / internet at that time, but for the very voice of truth and nonviolence, cinematography woke up some souls in the realities of the tough royal. <br /> <Gandhi saw as a hard working attorney in South Africa, who stood on behalf of his basic ideology and gave a general degree of solidarity for every degree of awareness of the speech of the general smoker who was shown as a neutral speech. Screen. It was a fine talk of fine humorous and scary threat to the British kingdom in India! When he said that we are silently praying to the British in India Gandhi, the politician has set for India (towards Sainthood) <br /> <br /> With a lot of children, a large family of backdrop requires a clear split focus and love reference which is unfortunately His spell on child psychology was to throw, who was alone alone for irrational aspiration. Little did know Harilal about his feelings, and he moved away with emotional life's small pleasures and failed in front of his father's huge statue. He tried to move away from the counselor-ship, which is seen by no luck. When Harilal openly expresses her frustration when neighbors rush to Gandhi's residence. It meant that he had become mentally weak and mentally forced to convert to religious conversion and alcoholism with debt and inhumanity due to his own negative thoughts. He still showed cordial love for his mother through a sensitive scene, and even Gandhi's flexible expression did not match Harilal's mind with any decision because he always feared Father, Gandhi. <br /> Gandhi could not share his love with his cousin and if he understood that his father distributed distribution of equivalent money to his father, he was a rebel. He saw the failure of studying in English for the barristers. <br /> <br /> While celebrating the whole of India, he was thrown into the streets as a beggar! A tragedy is life! There is no change in the tragic death of Kastura and the tragic death of Gandhi himself. Ultimately, Harillal's last worrying thought of death was shown as a flashback to the audacity and surprise of the audience. Father of the nation will do wrong? He was skilled enough to make the army's army mentally strong for leadership and used his brave soldier-son as weapon to show the British and the rival forces that it does not come in the interest of the nation. Although to read the heart of the Mahatma, he will have to stay outside his family and see that emotional stupid Harilal can not live inside. <br /> <br /> This kind of stupid Harilal is still trying today, many families of many Mahatma-father-mother's opinions and drugs, drinking and God knows what thoughts! There is a message to these brave soldiers (soldier) - please respect the father of the nation! Please adhere to happiness and happiness or else it is a disaster to wait, is not it?
