An illuminated film in light of the relationship of vandalism between Feroze Abbas Khan's Gandhi, My Father, Mahatma and his son, Harilal Gandhi. As the film tries to tell, the director is unable to say it dramatically for a dramatic story. Gandhi My Father describes you as a boring history that lets you sleep in school. Now, to show the film a very interesting topic - Gandhi's end to being an honest father, in his attempt to become a fair person. This point has been created many times in the film and one of the examples of this point is England's scholarship, which Gandhi doubled his son. Rather than showing us the betrayal and what has happened in his head, instead of showing us, the director continues with the story, thus never giving a witness to our growing dissatisfaction, Harill feels to his father. Because we see an explosion from Harilal finally, it looks like he is watching his reaction. <br /> <br /> What I am trying to do here is that we never realized why Harilal became rebellious. We never realized why he came back to Islam and then came back to Hinduism again. The thing is, we never really understand Harill. And that is why the director of this film Mahindras Karamchand was very busy with Gandhi and his role in the freedom struggle, a story we already know. To make it simple, Gandhi promises to test my father's disturbed father-son relationship, but where does this relationship's first cracks look? We understand that Harilal is Gandhi's son, but why to start with a burden to show us. Display our initial conflict events. For example, Gandhi only says that he is opposing Harilal's first marriage, why should we oppose this? It is not enough that Kasurbah blames her husband for the way she has returned her husband - to shut him down between the schools of Gujarat and South Africa, to transfer Gandhi every time to replace him. Words are not enough, it shows us how these incidents attracted the character of Hari Lal Gandhi. What is more, instead of sticking to this humorous Gandhi vs. playful theme of relationship, the film closes in a lot of tantrums, resulting in the effects of the central theme. It can not be a film about the struggle of independence, and in many cases it seems right, because the director is often obliged to take us through all the major events of the historic moment, although many of its original generations have no relevance to the stormy father-son relationship. . So you can not see the problem of this movie, it's a bad movie, but it's definitely a very confusing movie. What will happen to Harilal's children after his wife's death? Has he ever had a relationship with them? Where will we disappear after a scene with Mahatma and Kastura? None of these questions are answered in a film that is essentially about the relationship of Gandhi family. The film version of a very popular drama directed by Firoz Abbas Khan, Gandhi My Father was frustrated, asked a question. Singly, it struggles to translate ambitious intentions into the filmmaker's screen. Traditionally, every single scene in the film opens and closes with fade-ins and fade-out, never leading one another. In a positive light, there is an inherent ambition in the movie, which you recognize. The filmmaker makes every effort to provide a balanced account of, trying hard to avoid bias, never judging father or son, does not even film villain. However, this film proves that Gandhi was a difficult father, whose ideals shaped the nation, but apparently separated his family. Only Akshay Khanna plays the role of fate-defeated Harilal Gandhi among all the actors of the film. This is an amazing performance, and the role is not easy to play from the role throughout virtually entire lifetime. But Akshay came to this part with a rare contraction of despair and despair and succeeded in making Harilal sad. Just look at the scene where he finds his wife's death, and you can understand how much she has expressed in the body language alone. Meanwhile, in the senior player's view, Jarwala had chosen a epilepsy to play the Mahatma in his next years, but in the same way, he acted as a South African barrister in his human way, which is the best actor of that role. . A lot of talented Chefli Shah plays Katbabar talking about the father's son's fall, but if he can not bring the feeling of helplessness, it is not really his fault, because it is a scandal of Scripture scripts. It has been added to most of the effort of making this movie and it is always clear, but the film is suffering from the inevitable flaws that you will remember about when you leave the movie - it is very annoying. Director Firoz Abbas Khan's Gandhi My father is a sincere effort, but a film that can be done with a very strict screenplay. What we learn from the songs is that Gandhi and Harilal are very unhappy with each other. And with this photo, the director makes us very much.
