I have been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time. "Brain men" takes place in classic comic-strip spuffs, such as cartoons like "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". The same spirit is in all of them: comic tongue-in-the-neck tone; The courage to look at the heroism of life in a ridiculous looking risk; The path of sure-foot-path that these characters can not influence their opponents It's a misfired spark of shining bluff in weak and ordinary, and it's wonderful to see here so high and bright. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens on a group of a nursing home. I think in this scene of the King's Ushare, older people had the idea of ​​giving more energy and life. It looks like something might have been designed, such as George Romero. We should get the feeling that these old people are sharp like others, or they feel patronized. During the breaking of the red eyes celebration, you expect half of Tom Waits to say that the surgery for their surgery will stand in their 80s and shout: "This team needs - a little tension!" Author Niall Cuthbert had no idea, but he would have been mixing it with the infiltrators and dimming the partners to do the same. It's an enthusiastic start, and the annoying three have been created for a good introduction: Shoveler (William Macy); Blue King (Han Azeriara); And Mr. Furrier (Ben Stella), who does not seem to be coming out of the day to save. <br /> <br /> "Migration Man" has many problems that I have to go; Among them, villain Kassana Frankenstein needs to cultivate a strange idea as the rest of the film, and he did not do it. Wrong actor for Geoffrey Rush part; He will be the path at the top to make the conflict between a galvanic one good and evil. And did not show a talent for the rush out. You expect John Lighthouse's theatrical theater about Paul Freeman's dry, dubnyner difference in "Liverpool Bungeeer Adventures Tourism" or "Lost Ark Riders". Instead of what we get is the pastiche; Some half baked and not fully realized. <br /> <br /> "Sweet Man" is going to add many ideas to nicely and it can be its deepest problem. But whatever it is like a mess I love. Ben Stilller seems to be slumming always taking the role that he plays. This is not an exception, but he goes with it firmly that you think he learned something about the comedy of the family home of Jerry Stiler and Anna Miyarar. His verdict is all up-to-date, too sensitive, lasting defensive kind in which Woody Allen became popular. And his favorite hang out (Slate Clayer ForSalani) has taken his way into the love of the waitress, or asked a colleague superhero (as a word speaker to Speke), or gave him a new member of the "elite" group. (Zenne Garoffalo is probably at the time of his fun at the screen) A difficult time, he always makes fun to see. "I have something about Mary." <br /> <br /> <br /> This genre proves that "One True Things" should not have been a star, with Rene Gelgiger. I do not think that I have ever seen funny exchanges between the girl and father (okay, so she is dead and has a bowling ball on her forehead, so suits me). And the interesting part about this role is that it seems like the screwball reintroduction of Emily Watson's spellbind conversation at "Break the Wave". And in this version, the girl does not die, and the bells do not ring on your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Messi makes a bit harder; She makes strong magnetic. Jennifer Lewis' You've got to realize that Lucyle has attracted Eddie. You can understand his exasperation. Alone Barbecue was enough to run me on the edge, but when Eddie's adorable, half-line son looked at his father and said, "Father, I believe you." Luceille loudly aloud loudly aloud loudly aloud loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly, "Roland, do not encourage your father". <br /> <br /> (So far, the only moment of his note in the film was "The Birdcage") and with Luis Laser (It's been for more than two decades since we first noted "Art" and " Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman? ") Son and mother who share a love for silver land; Captain Amazing and Ricky J as his preacher of Greg Kenyan; Kyle Mitchell as "Invisible Boy"; Paul Reubes as "The Splinter"; And Lena Olin, if she does not have some lines in this movie, then the set appears to be seen.
