Director Kima Usharde believes his own believer to be true, "play it straight and they will laugh," and with the help of a fantastic cast, the # 1 culture film should be the 'mystery man'. When an evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) was released from an emotional institution, Chaplin was the local superhero Captain Amazing (Greg Buyer), and Champion City, three supernatural superheroes, Mr. Furries (Ben Stiler)), Soveller (William H. Messi) and Blue King (Han Azeri) came to the rescue. Frankenstein underwent a number of assorted deposits of Scam, however, and has become a great rival. Three realize that help is needed, and decision making is decided; Are they finally nothing less than the unforgettable team of superheroes in the history of the film? Mr. Raghias has his anger; Shoveler, his Shellel; Blue King flings silverware (mainly fork, and sometimes spoon, but not a knife); Invisible Boy (Kell Mitchell) can disappear until anyone can see; Spenks (Wes Stoody), a heavy heater in the south, is very mysterious and can break half a gun with his mind. may be; Bowler (Xenon Garopalo) can spread a force with fatality; And the Splin (Paul Reubus) creates a discrepancy that can disrupt a whole room. It is a bright bunch that distributes smiles without the patronage of viewers or visitors' patronage, it is played directly at the time. The dialogue is malicious, and for example, the performance given by Steiler, Messi, Aziera and Garofalo. There are a number of memorable, ridiculous scenes, especially one where they employ recruitment for pool pools and barbecues, and conduct interviews with the applicant's stupid rally; And another, at times, when the bowler has made an interaction with his long dead parent, whose bowl has been applied to his forehead. While trying to rescue Captain Amazing, the team is really the most interesting of all. But these are just for example, the whole film is made up of a ridiculous view after another, laughing with fine humor that will laugh you for a long time and think about it. Although the true secret of its success, Ush, it keeps all practical; The relationships between the characters are true, and the complete concept of 'superhero' is played as a completely reasonable, which gives complete sense of reliability throughout the whole process. In this world, the wishes of Mr. Furtya and the others are sustainable, and Usha never laughs without raising a sunny sight or mere sight. Strong supporting actress Lena Olen (Dr. Annabelle Lake), Eddie Ejard (Tony P.), Tom Wets (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Luis Laser (The Blue King Mother), Genuine Lewis (Lucile) and Dr. Pras (Tony C.) 'Mystery Male' is a truly inspired film that can be seen repeatedly, with every visit, the new chocolate can be confirmed. Spinx's immortal words, 'we are number one! All other numbers are two, or less. 'This is an Oscars worthy movie? Hardly; But a good time and a lot of sunny, comedy treat yourself to this masterwork; This is the real deal, and you will not regret it. I rate this 10/10 10/10
