Spoilers I prefer to college and the next episode, but I wish I could get the last season on the DVD. Unfortunately, I could get the first college season. Still teenage years were sweet; Although they paid a lot of attention to magic, they made him into a character that could be related to thirteen, related to children of thirteen year olds and divorced family. This show was very innocent; They did not have to admonish teenage girls like sex and drugs, but they pressured to put pressure on. I liked him to grow up and deal with his own magic and was trying to let his ants go to the neck. Older episodes were beautiful, but it was very good to see it as an adult witch (it's not really a teenage witch) but it was pretty. I love Roxy and Mortgang; They were so talented! The previous episodes were ants actresses, but they were so harsh, kind and loving, but they used to behave like a childhood in some way, but not from all aspects. I mean grounded him for every tiny mistake made with his magic, let me learn from his own mistakes once! What I like about college episodes; He was able to learn from his own mistakes, without grounded on all things; That was boring. Hilda and Gelda do not. Melissa Yunan was pretty nice and perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I like the last episode where he stopped marrying Harvey, but someone said that it looked nice to see what happened later. I believe they believe they are married; Where would they be running off in her wedding dress? But I liked it. Most of the comedians wanted to give it to viewers to pick them up instead of spoon instead of eating it. Some said that they could marry them and go to school at home, but they already graduated college. Sabrina works very well for a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job, because she lived in a nice apartment that we only saw in the end, but she never said what she said. As a child, they always talk about what their father does not want to be ruthless. When Syrians went home in that season, they never explained what happened. Indeed, the show does not explain much, but I think it is supposed to give up to us and give it any mystery. Sabrina and her friends first entered the house, they got married to Hilda, and this whole spell which led Jalda to the child. Hilda returned to the last episode (and Jelda is in any other form, but Beth is not in the episode), but do they not see Jelda's husband or what happened, as they have children? Maybe they do not want to go too much for one episode. I like the heart's sister, who is his favorite cousin! She was beautiful and interesting to see a great actress and her big up! Six years after hijacking, I think! I still love reruns! Also, I do not know if anyone has noticed it, but in the previous episodes, this city is in Westbridade (a built city that I believe is near Salim), but without the following episodes, the name of the city is to eat Westbridge and I I think they call Boston until they work. Also, I wanted to add, I found the "Wild Wild Wild Sabrina" episode, where it was taught about rule-discipline, humiliating. He is 18 years old and will be very old; At the age of 18, my parents humiliated me by throwing me into the ground and I thought how they got involved in the age of 18, they would have to know their own consequences. At 18 I think they know the rules are important.
