I have this movie on DVD and by now it will be seen thirty times. I really would love it, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I was the first surfer in my life, and I like sports. These days, I'm fascinated by good surfing. There are plenty of street monsters, and thus I'm a sucker for things. But I definitely have some bones to pick it up with. (Parata, what are you listening to?). <br /> <br /> First, the movie is very less believable. Wave cutting and editing is that most of them are destroyed. Very, very few waves are actually shown from beginning to end. Peralta seems to add to a hypnotics Kinetic, cutting and speed mechanism. This is particularly bad in the middle of the North Carolina spot Mavericks. A single wave is not starting to finish. A blurred montage of almost all sections of the clusters of Mavericks (a third of the film) is similar to a junky soundtrack. I understand that it is trying to achieve with the mavaricus, because the place is a truly dangerous mix of bone crusher waves in frozen open ocean shifts, but it goes a long way. Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip. The waves are actually ridden even there, with great performances. It has been good to see some of them. Pararatara thinks that this is a great game (and I'm sure he does that), why would he so strongly advise to get involved in the matter? Occasionally, the edit makes the movie unfamiliar. There is a quick clip in the Pohihi section of Hawaii, which I still do not understand. Even if I can run it slowly in DVDs, the image can be very fast. <br /> <br /> Secondly, what do these people who have learned to differentiate this thing? It was especially visible in the editions of the instructions described in the DVD. These guys sound like two upper-upper valley girls. The same feelings shows the main production. Every thing is always so beautiful "amazing" and so on. Especially a character is simply offensive - the editor of Surf Magazine Sam George, who is panning while talking to each of his pants. He has a super drag on the movie. <br /> <br /> A great effort has been made in this movie. I mean, get old movie shots to get them, and also, all interviews. The film is a great story, and I think it's usually entertaining entertainment. Theoretically it centers around three parts centered around the well-known creator, Greg Neal, Jeff Clark, and Layard Hamilton. Still unrealistic that photography has some use. Describing the director, they say it is a new type of 3D technology, and it really works. The three main characters shine their interview and water, both. As an athlete, Layard Hamilton is a revelation. He was at the top of his sport that I only saw Michael Jordan on the basketball team. And too, the story of meeting with his father is a jewel. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> This is the movie that can be so much. The last part of the film indicates what it could be when the credit rolls. There are some beautiful panoramic shots in waves with a fantastic soundtrack. (The soundtrack for the rest of the movie is garbage, though you can choose it as a fan of the modern, mad school branch.) However, I have two cents ...
