How nice! Large wave surfing in America equally stunning documentary about the history of culture, including Stasi Peralta Dougatown and Z-Boys. Combining internal archive footage with interviews from Surfing legends, we got inspiration from the early generation of courage and free spirit life, for which the uninterrupted passion for sports has created an art that touches the lives of millions of days. <br /> <br /> It gives information about these icons and their stories that give the film its warmth. You can feel the respect for this group for Partha, we can hear cross accounts from a pack of weird colleague surfers on the beach to challenge Greig's pipe to challenge the 50-foot lung of North Coast in Hawaii. Or Jeff Clark discovered it 15 years before the severely dangerous Maverick surfing on the coast of California and became California's surfing destination. And the story history of Layard Hamilton, today's surfing icon. Greg Pull mentioned respectfully for sending Hamilton to my spine as the best surfer. <br /> <br /> (On one hand, the tube, the clerk and others were in the sand's screenings. The tube humbly described itself as old, he was deeply inspired by the reception of the film's audience, both he and Clark both loved as a person like the movie.) <br /> <br /> Riding giants pay tribute to this amazing athlete while at the same time the level of wave  বং ভয়ঙ্কর শক্তি সম্পর্কে অন্তর্দৃষ্টি দিয়ে আমাদেরকে পুরস্কৃত করে, তখন তাদের মধ্যে প্রবেশ করার জন্য অন্ত্রের মোচড়ের উল্লম্ব ড্রপগুলি এবং অ্যাড্রেনালাইনের প্রায় অসম্ভব সংমিশ্রণ এবং ভয় করে যে, সার্ফারদের প্রত্যেক সময় তারা একটি দৈত্য swell নিতে অভিজ্ঞতা। All this, and there are more in the movie. For those of us who did not live in California 60, we got an insight into the effect of the American pop culture surfing. (And, to surprise me, the effects of surfing of the film Ziduga!) Pearla sits in the primer in the history of some technical aspects and the inventory of equipment. I'm not a surfer, but like the rest of Sun's audience, I was absolutely fascinated by this movie. Peralta is claiming America's documentaries as a big fanfare.
