New York Police Intelligence Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a person who has to deal with daily gossip with his own giants at the same time dealing with normal ups and downs of daily life. Strain produced by his internal struggle and hate hatred by criminals, leads him to serious errors of trial and fails to accept the necessity of the behavior of any behavior in dealing with people in the wrong side of the law. . He has a track record to treat suspects and extremists who are known to be extremely cruel, and as a result, he has been confronted with his superior officers who censored him regularly for the amount of violence he used. Dixon can not reconcile this call for all the perpetrators to restrain themselves with extreme and illogical hatred. He has suffered pain due to his father, and maintains his father's reputation, and as a result many people need to be strong enough to fulfill his expectations. <br /> <br /> Dixon is sued by the gangster Tommy Scullidge (Gary Merrill) when the wealthy Texans were killed during the gambling operation in the evening. Scalise Dixon's senior officer Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Carl Malden) said that the victims were Penn Payne (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and that Paine killed. Dixon goes to Pine's apartment and asks the suspect that both are addicted and non-cooperative and when Pine punishes him, Dix responds, and the Penn collapses and dies. Dixon can be settled around the body in a river. When Palin's wife was asked and after describing what happened in Scalig's place, her father went to Pai's apartment to take her issue with him that she was returning home from face to face. Payne attacked his father, Jaggs Taylor (Tom Tully) several times, threatening that if he happens again, he will defeat Penn. This data leads to be accused with Taylor's arrest and murder. Dixon's clear explanation that Skalice killed Teksen and then killed Pine to save him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon has been making several attempts to convict Scolis, but eventually realized that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his death, and cover-up his own role. He did this and recorded that he was going alone to face Scalis so that police could arrest gangster for killing Dixon. By means of collision with the scalise and the end by which Dixon achieves its own liberation, this lively thriller provides an exciting and appropriate conclusion. <br /> <br /> Wing Angrus includes the accidental death of Pine and which he dealt with a lucky series as the stressed and preoccupied expression worries his perpetual annoying nature and its manifestation of the character. Dickson is not the only way to be unfortunate like Morgan, but because of all the problems surrounding his successful neighborhood, a successful model loses his job. His father, who provided diplomas to help the police a few years ago, unjustly accuses him of crimes he did not do. Cain Payne, who was the hero of the war, reduced unemployment and self-esteem, which resulted in alcoholism and the wife being beaten up, and had been set up by Dixon's father to trade, he also suffered from his own misfortune. <br /> <br /> "Where Sidewalk Ends" is a thoroughly engaging story that is a group of interesting and diverse characters and a major drama full of moral ambiguity.
