I'm a big fan of the film Noor fan, and Otto Pringing's film is easily seen as the best one I've seen! His two stars from Premingera hit 'Laura' won again - Jean Tienni and Dan Andreas, for a completely different criminal film. Laura was based around love, and these pictures are based around hatred; We saw the police's detective Mark Dixon, a handful of copper investigated by his superiors for heavy manual tricks, eventually killed the suspect and tried to kill a known criminal; A man named Tommy Scalicy. Plot has worked brilliantly, and Preminger nicely balances many plot points; But it all comes back to the main moral implications surrounding all of our main character. Setting up the film in criminal underground means that this plot is given a great foundation for working from and with the ability of the auto-pricing manager to live a life of gambling with the skill of gambling, along with the lives of each other (and their women), shooting and much more - and Helping to offset the film from the previous 'Laura' set too much in society. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Marx is the most striking part of his career in the career of Dan Andrews. Here, we have a character that is very difficult to choose as it is cold - but its motives we realize that he is easily convinced with his sympathy, and gives the audience the ability to plug in his plight. It's been a good time to develop character, and we follow this character and its motivation throughout the film; Everything makes sense by the end. Her co-star is a beautiful Gene Terni, who has not given much more than Laura in this film; A film that made Tierney his writingpin. He works well with what he has got, but the main era chemistry is excellent and the tirini helps in completing every scene. I can not say that this is a better film than the previous Laura. It is a tough task to follow, but the film fits better with the film's source than the premiere of the movie. The film also makes a good comparison piece for laura; Everything in this film is contrary to the 1944 film, yet it is weirdly known. Very recommend all!
