With his usual sensitive but firm touch on George Kooker, the theater indicates the high quality stories of this mystery in the world. Ronald Colman's performance, which earned him an Oscar, has still stood still after some extra damage? It is difficult to face her uncomfortable because she tries to run in vainly around social activities and find out the meaning of her life. There are many interesting ingredients and dogs do a great job to clean them up without much hardening. Gerson Cannin and Ruth Gordon's writings blend the rifforded theater world with a brighter, painful world of roads, and the elements of Shakespeare's "King Lear" are widely mixed with references on both the key issues of envy and the familiarity of the character of the filename. <br /> <br /> Some interesting topics about this movie ?? Hugely, it can be dismissed as a treatment of a sticky daily problem of the actors. In other words, if the acting industry's personality needs to be completely eroded, then soon we will have a rash of monoco-style actors to walk the streets. But I really do not really think of this story's main concern or work acting in every job / industry really. I believe that Anthony's struggles represent a larger existential existence, deeply punished about the identity of uncertainty. She has a key to her relationship with her ex-wife Britta (Sign Hashto). He said that without his inspiration he would never act or be a good actor. And on the other hand, he explicitly said that his intimate relationship with his role started when he married her. I'm not sure what to do, but it seems important to me, especially because it is his jealousy and jealousy with him that ultimately leads him to the top. Perhaps there is an implication that interlinei enters the serious relationship and is in danger. The traditional concept of marriage refers to a "union of soul". It is an abnormality that men and women play divorces at the beginning of the film. It is not entirely unprecedented (Huscos comedy "His Girl Friday" springs may remember among others), but it is unusual and perhaps notable, especially the fact that they do not solve their romantic separation. In this case, the film can indicate that jealousy is another form of self-love.
