A dual life has developed a mystery among film fans for two reasons: Acting as an actor, in the role of Othello (played here), which presents a great flaw in the character and puts it in its life; And this is the fact that Ronald Coleman Academy Award (as well as Golden Globe) has won as the best actor this film. Let's first take the second point. <br /> <br /> Anthony John Callman's greatest role, or his signature role? I have my doubts on both levels - but it's in its best known role. Most of his career, Ronald Colman, often played with humble gentlemen in most dangerous or illogical situations. He is fighting the Bulldog Drumond (which has become clear in the production of Goldwine, who is not arrogant racist). He is trying to save Raffles, great cricket player and even bigger runners, to protect his friend from the best of theft. He was brought to Robert Conway, the great imperial political personality, the abduction and the paradise of the earth, Shangri-La. He's going to die Manier after learning about Dick Healder, his excellence has disappeared and he is learning now as useless as an artist. I can add Sydney Carton and Rudolph Rossendil to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he is an unconscious murderer - he killed a person and killed nearly two. It is clearly not mentally ill - its behavior is not anti-social. <br /> <br /> I received an Oscar for Helder, or Carton, or Conway, for all - all the common feature roles of his performance. However, the leading members of the academy have long tradition of taking illusions for their money. Anthony John of the pen is a very good performance, and at one point really scary. When alone with his home cue smile, at the top of the stairs and on the base, they have the logic. He claimed that "Tony" would leave, saying he would not see him. He looked at him, his face was becoming so strong that he had never used it before, and he said, "Oh, no, you will not!" He started walking upstairs, scared smile, and he went to his room. He closed himself and the leaves. It's actually actual ambition of its performance - Stage, or Edmund O'Brien, or Shell Winters. It showed his blind anger. At that moment it was (I have) an Oscar-worthy performance. But it is only that moment. I'm glad he was recognized for the role, but he should have earned awards for more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> The role of Othello Shakespeare is great, but not bearable in its actual performance. Frequently he repeatedly closed the tongue in the compulsory mathematical style (it is a wonderful thing due to Walter Hampden's coaching, who probably knows how to handle the role correctly or its reaction). Nowadays "Othello" is often played more than a white by an African American actor. Paul Robeson's brilliant performance in the role that firmly placed in the new tradition place. However, these three best films have been played by Colman, Oresen Wells in his film Othello, and Lawrence Olivier in his film production Othello Three white actors did not play the role of black face. My favorite favorite of the three is Wales, who thinks the most delicate. But it also provoked me to see the good movie version of Wales that Robson never played his role (as Jess with Ferreira). <br /> <br /> Now the first question - how can an actor be covered in a role? I heard different things about this. Some actors have been admitted to take a role with them from the theater or movie set. Others have found an introduction to them that have to be stimulating them, affecting their new life in some aspects of their life or life. But in reality I did not hear of anyone who became suicidal as a role. It seems to be a musician, hackneyd concept. <br /> <br /> It was not a new idea in 1935 with Cooker, Cannin and Gordon. In 1944, a "B" feature of John Loader actor The Brighton Stirler was used to describe an abusive "Jack the Ripper" type and started such killings that affected his death after the accident. . There was an earlier film of the 1930s, in which an actor acting Othello jealous of his wife (I think this title was not with the man, but I'm not sure). But according to the name of penman and career and the instructions of Kukar, it is a double life which people think of when thinking of this plot concept. It has also reached an episode comedy (finally) of Cheers, where Dean Chambers is helping a former criminal who can have acting talent and kiss him with Sam Malan and then they keep Othello in Bar. Only Diane is aware of the problem of personality of a former personality, and can not delay production of sufficient quantities (he tried to start the discussion of history and start playing the symbolism). <br /> <br /> Cast was the first rate of double life, and the cooker's instruction was the same as before. So the film is definitely worth watching. But despite having a very different role in Colman, it was not his best work on the screen.
