I'm from Sweden and I've seen this movie and I think it's OK. I saw a lot of bad comments about it but you must remember that these two parts are observing lesser parts than many people around the world and not in the US. Also keep in mind that everyone has never heard of films made in the 60's and probably not in cases (murders). Even more ... the original movie can be hard to find and if so, then there are people who do not like black / white films. This one feels fresh and colorful and will get its public. Now 12 years old but I saw it for the first time. If I can compare them, I will try to find the first one, but in Sweden I have not seen it anywhere. There is internet but there is none in the world. The issue here is that it was part of most American crime-history and 50-60-60 years old, but in the United States, I guess in the rest of the world. Well it has been said for some time but after 40 years it will fade away for example by the time the European cause goes. We had our own problems and crime, so if someone rebuilds the film and lays it a bit, then this is not a bad idea. A new generation can take part in this horrific story and even the movie that was released about the capet was a wonderful picture some years ago, which I think. This will increase the interest in events occurring almost 50 years ago and it may fall asleep. It started me and now I'm looking for Robert Blake-editions was not so bad ... huh? This is my opinion. Some people would certainly disagree, but hey ... all right. Sometimes the old films are okay with a remake. It's good that it's not old ones at all times. The filmmaking techniques have improved a lot and if they want today, the scenes can be more realistic. Of course, always a question of money. Many movies have been made in "old days" but there were cash absences, bad directors, etc. and they re-established them today (50 years later) and they are good to see them suddenly. My friend got this box old classic horror-movie and s / f and I can not say I was influenced by so-called good old days. Most of them keep you straight in the trashcan. They were so bad that we were just sitting like the zombies ... like the brain ... could not be removed. I can recommend them to anyone. Some of them I saw the remake and I think I liked them ... but not the original. They were just terrible painful. It's like the old story told the old story ... Moore or Connie ... I think if you meet Roger Moore you can trust him or you like ... Thanks for me and I'm sorry my english, so Not good From Sweden to Lars /
