John Cassettes' 1977 opening night, no critics generally call the work of such a remarkable artist as' negligence '. This is an extraordinary movie, one of the best portraits of its own right and sometimes the middle of the film. It's not a perfect movie, it's about one and a half hours long, and a lot of emphasis on lead character Marottal Gordon's drunkenness, Castaway's wife played Gena Rhondland, we've gotten points after a long time. But Woody Allen's masterpiece, Endor Oman, who played Roland after 11 years, is an excellent portrait of an old woman's internal conflict. Still, Roland won the best actress award for this film at the Berlin Film Festival and it was very good. Often this film, written by Cassavets, is easily compared to its previous and under-film, A man under in the influenza, but it is a vague comparison. Rowland's character in this film is mentally scared from the beginning, as well as a blue collar background, when both of these films and his characters in Allen's film are frustrated by the audience. In this film, it is the ghost of a dead woman, which can be seen as Marlott's little Dippeljner, and in Alan's film it's own character of the past? Many critics have taken this film as an alcoholic, while Marale has surrounded himself with himself, such as Stage Manager, who told him, 'I saw plenty of drunkks in my time, but I saw someone as drunk as you could stand up' Can not go You are great ', But it's wrong, because alcohol is not its problem - it does not even smoke his chain. They only compelled him to do anything for his own destruction, and the same as the story of Casaviet's credit is different, he did not ever find out what he did wrong with Marell, and after coming to the end, he really had reasons to hope that the solution would be sorted out . Without this resolution, the last direct link in the recent past was to link cassettes directly with more daring European managers, who were comfortable without revealing everything to the audience, and forced their viewers to force their viewers to annoy them. However, the film revisits the full impact of drowsiness or fever out of the fog, and thus the audience is again involved in its drama. Whether or not Mattel Gordon is recovering, the concerns of the film's universe are left to each other for decision-making, and before we close the lid, we have seen his choices are important.
