It was once suggested by Polyline Coil, not a fan that Casavets are not like any director but an actor likes it. What was the meaning of Kyle as a filmmaker? To take this comparison further, to me, sometimes it does not seem that the castavets are directing themselves in a movie, it seems that cosives are planting themselves within their own creation, such as Osson Wells. Cassavetes is not only as a genius as Wales but also as a true artist (as opposed to a technologist or rhetorician) as much more important. It's like a cross in Italian emotion (though the Casavets were actually Greek) and Scandinavian intro. Never before have demons ever been exposed physically. <br /> <br /> It's about becoming, acting, and acting mystery. Like a spooky squad James Records, it's got almost all ghosts echoes. The breakdown of the roulette, which is ruthless and almost amazing from operating, casavetas, has come with frustrating, unreasonable piano. Who is this dead girl? Spiritual possibilities are endless, and it is extraordinary to find such things in the Cassavetes film, except for extra intelligence (initially, low-voice voice-over). But then, he was always intelligent, he never flapped it around for easy appreciation. This is not "adaptive"; Here, the combination of reality and imagination and drama creates internal turmoil and confusion, rather than showing cleverness. <br /> <br /> so much running. Warmly, joyful love when Paul blames him; When he shakes himself, it's awful ... The scene that talks about how the girl encourages her life in art and music, the most effective attempt to understand it, how it might be a fan of one. You can see some roots of "a star is bourne" and lend it to Almodova for "all about my mom". I think the little bit of frustration due to laughing the last, but preparing to move towards it is almost sick. (You can shoot me, but I think it is a relatively small point compared to the film, despite the fact that in most cases of alcohol. <br /> <br /> This is a living, short-lived, and it seems like a process: it is any time Like any of the "taste of cherry," we are reminded that "you just forget to play it a game." Yet it is dangerous: when Rowland says that the line, is this a dramatic drama - how does the audience need to take it? Is he reflecting or not just taking care of him (in character) in broken performances, and finally in this film, like a woman James Dean is to be witnessed, It is included. 10/10
