Yesterday, I went to the monthly monthly antique fly market which came to town. I have no such interest in this, but I have such interest in those who went for friendship. Looking at hundreds of vendors, many of them passed fast, I saw VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies in DVD were comparatively recent; In 1940, Kerry Grant-Irene Dunne was my most lavish attempt to co-star. But VHS tapes were mostly old films of their nature. Since I was selling 3 tape for $ 10.00, I could not resist buying anything. A contract such as Eddie Morfi said I've come across a movie that I've heard many times over but has never been seen: John Cassett's Open Night (1977). Well, I want to be a fan of Guyna Roadland, and I've heard that this movie is one of her best performances. He was the FACES (1968). I have seen it almost 20 years ago, while at the time I probably did not have enough life experience to fully appreciate me. And I wanted to take advantage of the door, so I grabbed it too. My other choice was Claire Kenny (1970). <br /> <br /> When I returned home, I decided to exclude the work that I planned to do so that I could see the night open. I was completely enthralled by this film. It's Magell Gordon (Gena Rolands), a stage and screen actress who brings personal and professional problems with the theme of her character and age-playing theme during previews outside the city. After one rehearsal, a warm fan and autograph hand cry to him and "I love you!" After a few minutes, these fans were hit and killed by a car. It started from the beginning of Mortal's dynasty, where he would be afraid of growth, his future career as a mature actress and incompatibility in the game (many old ladies dramatic writers run by Joan Blondel). Throughout the film, he sees the dead girl, a clear symbol of her past; Almost constantly drinking; And received disrespect from his director (Ben Gazara), producer (Paul Stewart), his cast (John Cosvettes himself), and the playwright. Indeed, how they will affect their behavior and affect their careers: they gradually embrace lines, improve new lines, usually cracking phases and coming to open Broadway with full drunkenness. <br /> <br /> This story not only solves the problem of growth, but also works to promote dissatisfaction with the development of mainstream film. I saw the movie, sometimes I was surprised, confused, surprised, humiliated, but finally involved, entertained and satisfied. Cassavettes really had a great feeling of humor, he was very understanding that he wanted to understand that his audience was concerned, and wanted to be mentally involved in their story. He used the Avid Theater fan to drag all of the eve teasing, even the little girl to Slicker, and at the beginning of the film, Anne Bexter's dress made a hat. This notation works most explicitly to support its aging theme, unlike most older and younger women. As a symbol of Marell's own lost youth, he apparently used the opposite. At first, I felt the symbol was obvious, but then I realized that it was the purpose of the cosvette. He did not understand what his audience got; If they did, they would interfere with their psychological involvement. The young man hunt Martht, attacks him, and wants to destroy him. Martel eventually "kills" him, but before he can cope with himself and the game, he must reach the bottom (other metaphorical death?). So Cassavettes got him so drunk that he can not walk and open the game at Broadway to crawl in his dressing room. He revives himself (in this situation is also important for the film's theme to help yourself) and provides a great performance and changes the change better by improving the game, so that it has some hope that it plays the role of an aging character. This scene is fun and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands are actually players who live in the front of the audience, and they do not know they are going to be part of a movie. The work they are doing also contrasts: it is mainstream and its problems are self-critical, that is, in spite of not changing its denial. In this way, he also improves the work of his co-stars. The natural evolution of the interaction between people, middle-class realism, and universal truth (acquired through evolution) - these were the concerns of cassettes in filmmaking. <br /> <br /> Zina Rovland's lifetime is amazing. Of course, he has a very good face, and the cassettes (in infrequently married to him in his marriage) lock many of our bonds, so that we can feel his emotions and we know what's going on inside him. He is so careful about this character that you want to see his way in his way to this crisis of souls. And it holds your time for 2 hours and 30 minutes to run. The film deliberately falls short and requires a lot of attention, but anyone who will be rewarded with good acting and great acting interest. Someone else said that it is a movie to love movies. All other forewarned. <br /> <br /> If you never see it, find out the open night. It's all great, and it's one of Cassavettes's best films.
