**** **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dresses-To-Mary is a movie that kind of. It's like a califera, but it's different. remember? Since 1993, the film called Brad Pitt as a serial killer, who "welcomes" a few tourists to California tour, which can be a good company along the way. When I see a movie, I do not always want to know anything about the plot, before watching it, because the surprise can be even cooler. How was it with californias? When I first saw it last year, I never realized it was a suspense movie, so when I got out I was amazed, and when the film was going on and it got better and I was on the edge of my seat, almost Kiss my monitor, so I had it! So, we're talking about dressed to toll kills, is not it? I saw this movie (today!), I only saw 2 other movies of Brian de Palmer, so I can say that I do not know his work well, but from a distance I can say that these two films were for me as they could be as great as they are. Carey (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on TV, I was really dissatisfied with a DVD copy and I can say: This movie is awesome! Mission: Impossible. And today, I saw a third movie from DePalma. <br /> <br /> All right, movies such as dressed to toll califiers. When the movie goes away, you are completely different from what you expect. I saw the museum scene, very curious, where Dickinson followed his cab with mysterious people and they were together in the room together. You can guess what happened there. But when the movie reaches the lift scene, the movie goes completely different. I was watching the rest of the movie, and I really liked it. However, there are fewer points ... some characters in the film are completely silent! For example, take the mysterious people from the museum scene. I always expected that he could say anything but he never did! It was completely ridiculous and there was no doubt that I changed my mind by taking this movie at least as a masterpiece. Even in the cab scene, due to what happened in the museum, Dickinson tried to apologize, the whole silent man kept him, pulled him inside the cab, and they started kissing each other. You know, it reminds of the 70's "El Chavo del 8" Mexican TV series, where some characters are completely silent. This film follows the following aspects, it's actually a great movie, suspicion, character and plot. Dennis Fronze is like a detective Marino! In Die Hard 2 (1990), Captain Carmine reminded me of Lorenzo, where he played almost the same character. <br /> <br /> It's okay, the end of this review, the end of the cross-to-toel ending in the end! I really do not like, because I hate imitation! I understand that Carey is a movie from DePalma, so it's not actually an imitation because it was his idea! But it was a repetitive idea to dressed to toll, so that Depalmars could have had a different dream that could do the same to wake up the National Allen from a bad dream, similarly in Carrie's last scene, it happens with Amy Evving. This, of course, had no other less points, with no doubt. But if you go behind it, you'll see that the dress to Till is a really good movie, and I assure you that it does not waste time watching it.
