During the first war of liberation in 1980, the darkness of the dress was intelligent: You had the "Police Girl" Mega-boyik, since Angela Dixon was looking for a sexually upset housewife in all the wrong museums (and in apartment elevators), plus Nansy Allen as a call-girl Michael Kine is like Norman Bates's sophisticated New York cousin, and for the last two films of this period Torrent imagery. Today it is slightly harmful by standards, although the Andrade version is one of the "hot" content of De Palmar's films, at least in the early 70s and early 80s, where he began to repeat the themes over, right to Hitkoch's classic film-rail Ideas from the direction and a toady applet were given. This is a simple story that one partially saw in the sisters, and then again the body double, and blau otouo. Katie played with Allen Call-Girl Leigh Blake, who tried to remove the name of the suspect in Ketke (Dickinson, fully-blown 'MIFF' mode), then found with Razor, Dr. Eliot's office to kill weapons (Michael Kayne), most of the stone-cold performance is the way). <br /> <br /> From the beginning, the first look of a De Palma carrier seems to be working as a way to put a dangerous sexual fantasy scene on topping. (Which, of course, is just in the editing rank), we got a series of technical knockout from the perspective of style: The museum's tracking shots stimulate more attraction with the process itself, following and following the absence of any kind of tension; Through the subway (prior to Carlito's Way) the chase is done with a specific level of suspension, meanwhile, with a slightly absorbing bit with the black gang; Peter's character, Kate's son (Keith Gordon), who originally plays a small version of De Palma (covered with science zik, hitcoak and vaureaus), which plays a small version. And it's all accessible and accessible as hell, which comes closer to some real synthesis, which makes Dalmatian thrillers so unique when he blurred himself by self-conscious and fearless filmmaking. On the other hand, the same self-consciousness has ended in recent years, the director is returning to bite the director and in some way, it becomes very unpredictable and frustrating, because the story itself is wrapped. As soon as the psycho themes appear together (a person who wants sex change, he does not think that he is doing it like he is doing that), there is an exotic scene in the police station, which made the hit film look like a wonderful mental revelation. And the final scene of Peter's house is calling for a more complete transition in the field, it seems to make a counterattack that even De Palma is asking for it; Especially the final shot, though the Master's class to copy itself. Still very scary and in itself, the perfect visual in psychiatric hospital is in this confusing contradiction, where the doctor works on a nurse, for which all other prisoners act like a zoo, and an overhead shot is sometimes seen in the movie. / One of the best shots of general distortion. <br /> <br /> After the shame that this picture ends with such strange and unstable, then it is an extraordinary part of the decorum, where the classes are almost all of the technical aspects (soft light, complex camera movements are easily so easy) You should get a mix of paperbacks for 25 cents in content. This is not a great composition, but of course I would accept it most of the director's recent thrillers.
