In France, it is considered as catchy disciplines together with visible critics from French critics Brian de Palma left behind her. However, a good proportion of his films were notorious for not mentioning the loan from Hitakoos by the bombshell "Carey" (1976), "The Furry" (1978) "Scarfus" (1983). Here, in "dress-to-toe", it is impossible to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for the long time of the museum, when the original moment of the lift reminds of the hierarchy of Shawar in "Psycho" (1960). Regarding the film about our film, I do not want to revive the old debate: Will D Palme stop the hitcoat? Instead, I will be liberal and classified as "pastors", along with "feathers" as well as winners along with "pastor" (1973) and "audience" (1976). But with some reservations and the stars I've described before, which give annoying fuel to de Palma's Raviad fans and their opponents. <br /> <br /> If there is a sure thing in "Dresd to Till" that can create a common deal of film lovers, it's De Palma's instructional behavior. Like a filmmaker, he runs his camera. His sophisticated camera work brightens the fuel, which increases excitement and uncomfortable volume. Visitors are easily glued to the front of the screen. It depends on the time and gestures which helps by using a lot of silent sequences. However, "psycho", there were many silent, suspicious parts ... <br /> <br /> But the main contribution to De Palma 1980 was that the qualities of this plot could not be found absent. And many sources related to an incomplete number of killings, all elements seem to be republished. Prostitution crime is the only witness. Then, the police suspect him and he has to work on his own (a little help from the boy's scene in the subway from the victim's son)) to find a murderer and prove him innocent. De Palma uses a character that is not discontinued at once, it is a menu that rehearsed and smells. And the filmmaker is finishing his film in a sequence which is at the beginning of the first Yes, it is nicely illustrated, but when someone discovers its original function, then a number: "It's almost nonspeaker fillers". Perhaps De Palma wanted to stretch the film for an hour and more, when at this time the audience (and even earlier) knew that the killer was also there. <br /> <br /> Two central disciplines of De Palmer's themes hinges on manipulation and voyeurism. The next theme is present from the first scene in "Dressed to Teal", which is almost like a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid to film his main actress and wife Nancy Allen in her underwear. I find her method about this theme rather suspicious. But perhaps the first sequence could be the spectators' mirror and De Palma wanted to stir up his thirsty Tom side. <br /> <br /> I do not want to disappoint De La Palma's work. In order to direct a communicative behavior in the film, his dignified work reconsider the world's weaknesses in the story and its suspicious aspects. Six years later, the controversy he created in the movie-passengers was not ready to diminish.
