Just 23 years ago when I was a teenager, I saw the end of the grub tube when I met my brother and his best friend on my bed. We just saw the Animal House just before we saw two movies which played a SNL Alumni and there were some naked breasts. The good thing was that our dad was asleep all the time! However, this movie had many weird and interesting things, which were open to the eyes of Brown's 25th sequence of commercials of Euranas Industries ("with cow cowboy stewar"). White tube Ewww!) Or talk about VD dolls (a scratrum with a small penis with glued eyes on the mouth). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their debut film debuts here. Whether Chase is a geriatric spin with a woman, she has commercially sex "finger rings" in her hand, or with the co-author / director Kai Shapiro, the song "Four Leaf Clover" has inserted her head into her head. In the film "The Dealers", there is black black prostitution of Belzer with a wild bit in the Belarz team and "Channel One Inning News" with Shapiro, which reporter who played Leenel here. "Lionel sounds like a train that I'm going to chime!" In other humiliating bits, the "Coco Show" included Shippo as a kid exhibition host, after the "Ten More People" order to leave the room after the audience has requested "Fanny Hill" syllabus! Or two men (one of them Spanish), with the love of making a couple of couples in Germany, seems to be clear about the segment when the "stand stand" screen prevents! Or "The Dealer" animated segment that shows some marijuana to dance after dancing in Shapiro! Everything is not so dirty. Along with the "Four Leaf Clover" skit, Kain has a very interesting music segment with the lip, while syncing its own recording of "Just You, Just Me", while dancing with suit and briefcase across the city and sometimes a police (co-writer Lane Sarson) Joined. So, in short, it's a weird, funny movie that influences other films (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and probably Saturday Night Live (which has created the first star of the Shawee Show). And despite some dated material, still can amuse today. When Curtis Muffield's "Move On Up" was started when Punish Gurilas started dancing / hithiking, I was surprised that what was the sequence of Hitachikar and the woman who took her away from the car, got separated after running from the car. Running, and then stopped the streets, who are caught catching naked people by the police. Guess that among them 70 is a string thing ...
