You know what they will say in the 70's ... if you can remember them that you were not there. Some of the things I have remembered about the 70s are the first complete Hippies and the hip social mockery that is seen from the view of the "underground" counter culture. Groove tube Humor seems to be obscure to some viewers, but it can only be because there has been a lot of things happening in the last 30 years and comedy is not 'fresh'. But hey! When this movie came out, it was the first ... and these few skips were being done for the first time ... When Nixon was in the office, the Vietnam war was raging, the sexual revolution was fully accustomed. And J. Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. Before the watergate broke down, it was a movie made and it was the first person to set up a big swipe. Simultaneously, it's fun to hippi. And frankly, some skits are still funny fun. If you like Chekh and Chang's "Up in Smoke" you would like this picture. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what was really about 70 .. Check Groove Tube. If you like Oscar won "Network" in the same year and it seemed that its barbaric appearance on TV was correct, The tube will be excavated, which will be uploaded to the theme but will play at the corner of the audience. Young viewers were turning off the TV for other entertainment .... We used to make Oji and Harriet "Live it to Beaver". I was raised, father knows better, my three boys .. Happy day ... So imagine our life was tested with our new life style when we saw the box showing from our perspective! Single Uranus Corp.'s ads are invaluable .. "The good things come from Uranus ...." And when Hippie wears the weeds, the sudden break from the straight-film hits style animation is still one of the best segues and outside of the movie I've ever seen on film. <br /> <br /> If you like the movie Kentucky, you would love this picture. And if you ever wondered why your strange uncle, Harold, had a bad scream in his eyes while thinking again in his college days ... .. this is a perfect film to watch. Take it for me ... memories of my time ... and a miniature film that will help all of us who forgot to remember them 70 years ago.
