The greatest west of all time! But many do not face different, nature, horses, shootouts, but rather related to a rifle, Winchester '73 and how this rifle affects others and how it affects them. Living a rifle, breathing, people, right? It is not you that you might not be interested in believing. But it seems that it has its own mind due to the same reason: it eventually comes back to its original owner, although in the rest of the film, its unconscious "owner" does not make any effort to ensure it, and it never returns to its original owner It does not seem to be such a thing, so, by accident, the unconscious "owner" always thinks it can lose or save and die trying to continue it. At the time, until it comes back to James Stewart, then it is "content". But the owners do not deserve it. Stuart, of course, he won it. Not McNally, since he must be a messy thief and steal it. Drach certainly is not, because perhaps it will lose some poker games, and even then Drake is very dangerous for the war, why is he a rifle that does not use it? Douria, because she's just a shiny crazy, and we all know that shiny crazy people are not worthy of guns. This movie contains dirty edges which can only be Westerners, such as Ox-Bow events. Westerns have their own designs, which are much different than the 30 and 40 bogart films. It's the best one in five stuart-quality western, hand down, though my personal favorite "Turning the river". The other four became much different than this one. I do not think there was a coincidence to see the other four colors, and this is black and white. Because this is the edge edge. Five stars were revenge for the part of the Stewart Party, and the darkness was past, where it was not just the dark side of Stewart, but rather a genre of character, not to be listed in credits, but one you can only recognize and know that it is, always present. However, this is not only revenge and dark past, but in the case of maximum danger and the letters that are different than Stewart it crosses the other four in the other direction. But Stuart does not cross the line. She, though, walking the line between light and dark. For this reason, he played an integral part in black and white films. They all can be black and white, or they may all be color. But this one is black and white, and the other is in four colors, and there is a very good reason for it.
