In 1942, the story of a movie story told a set of stories that was not related, but men were tied together with clothes in the evening. Each story begins when "tail" is passed from one owner (Charles Boy, for example) to another (Cesar Romero). Winchester '73, a classic movie, and a great Western, have a twist of a similar plot. Initially Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horror) McMahon for some fierce rage. But during the film, two men took part in shooting competitions, the award (given by Marshal White Year - Will Zia) is one of the new Winchester Rifles. Stuart McMahon is rarely beaten, but Stuart gets stolen from the gun, and is running behind. <br /> <br /> The hand goes out of hand with John McEnterrey to the room Hodson (a proud businessman who does not know to stop fiercely arrogant) (an amazing introduction - and a short one), Charles Dreke, Dan Durrya Funny, and psychologist Waco Johnny Dean), McMahon. Finally, it comes back to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is specially directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide range of experience. The rifle literally gets the meaning of the rifle on the body of the drift (Durreya strengthens this issue). But he lost to lose the McMahon, who is fast on the draw - or Dururi enough folly to fight for the rifle. He and Shelli saw McMahon in the winter spell, winter (who saw his former friend friend Drake, who saw Durricea), suddenly asked for his deviations for the gunman why he had carried out a bomb attack in the McMahon for guns. In Philosophy, Durria explains that he can wait. Some opportunities will come (ie, when he can safely kill McMahon and get back the rifle). <br /> <br /> Letters are great people. Winters first appeared as the future bride on Drake, but he saw him in a big negative aspect - an incomprehensible side. Drake is aware of this ending, and it helps in its destruction. Other characters have realistic touch, such as J. C. As a flip off army sergeant, who fought against Indian attack with Steyrard and friend of friend, Rodriguez Mitchell. Oh yeah, and Flippan's fellow soldier - Tony Curtis. From 1861, perhaps the soldier believed in hundreds of battlefields. Steward was showing emotions in other films. He showed some anger during this wonderful life, and when he thinks everything is wrong with his life, he showed a very annoying breakdown. But here he showed a cheating anger - an amazing Duuria (who usually naturally showed such anger) at the expense of this. <br /> <br /> This part of the photo matches with the man's capable hand very nicely. It is a Western that never wear, because the visitors see the tours of Winchester Rifle.
