Try out adult western buffs in the 1950s and discover its source in movies that have kicked Syndrome. Of course, we can go back to Howard Hanks Red River (1948) or John Ford's Darling Clementine (1946), but if we have lived for this single decade then it should be a few films that make up the preliminary years of the era. One "The Gunfighter", a fantastic deadly story to face his fantastic shootout in a famous gunslinger (RINGO). Another "Winchester '73" from the same year, and it is noteworthy that both Milhed Mitchell are in the same way as both serious, perfect, highly realistic range riders. In The Gunfighter, he was expecting the arrest of the city Marshall Ringow, but once he was accompanying him with an extrovert gang. At Winchester, he made Jimmy Stewart Sidekick a type of Hamlet in Stewart Hamlet in this epic / tragic story. The plot is simple enough: Stuart's solo singer Winchester won a surprise match in a shooting match, the West mediator (Stephen McNally), who is actually the cause of his own brother and the death of his father. When the brothers stole guns, Stewart and Mitchell went to a cowboy audisi in front of them, who carry them across the border, meet outdoors and Indians. (A wonderful bit, two future stars - Rock Hodgson and Tony Curtis - plays an Indian chief and American trick soldier - during a well-organized war-fight, Dan Durria sees the leader of the whole show as a leader, when Shelley Winters begins to gain weight Just before, the green plot is well connected as a disguised lady. Today, the filmmaker's screen is such a ambitious shade Rana spent nearly four hours, but Anthony Mann is a very profitable Bat Masters and Vat Erepe (virtually played by Will Gear), such as Western legends, historians, and epic characters. The final battle between good and bad brothers, Stockwright, Western film Although it is actually associated with it, it really is the landmark of its first western leader What is - yes, he was a D. Stri raidasa again, eleven years ago, but the comedy was cast spuphe for the West because he felt so wrong!
