Those comments here before mine, I mostly agree with Edyarb. The story and the script may be funny, but in some cases it is managed, but it failed in another place. You want to make them joke, but no one laughs at the audience. (Endorsements agree with Edward's views on the last credits: leave it normal or make it cool, but not what they have done now.) <br /> <br /> All right, which actually gives me more negative feeling than watching movies. I enjoyed it; It was a night of entertainment and was not worth the money to get a ticket. The best jokes are out of expectation and are completely mature, like the character of Luke Lynn Wilson's Matt Super Chick "P * Nas or Bed?" When she told him that night she would leave the bed, break the bed and Matt Tore leave. <br /> <br /> I can not agree with BSS 1614, who said that the film could achieve an 'R' rating - there was absolutely nothing to justify the film. Some sex acts are yes, but nothing is clear, just ridiculous, and no nudity, whatever. (Perhaps she showed a more prescreening ...?) I'd like to compare these two comparisons of two recent films I went to see with no prospect: Superman Returns and click. I did not really expect anything from anyone - I was a big fan of the original Superman movies and clicked on the trailer as a possible miniature (which I would not oppose) for the click. Looks like my first heroic document, I really like it (Husssamp!), Seeing a long lost friend and feeling happy about it. But for the rest of the story I would like to see my super-ex-girlfriend, at least it gives some amazing offers. Again click on a TOTAL astonishing, far better than a trailer and about five minutes away as a really nice and really nice movie. Jokes works much better than both ex-girlfriend, naughty, and more advanced. <br /> <br /> However, the only reason I have these three films is that they are the last three. I've seen it in a very short time, and basically I went to all of these with no hope. I click on them, click on, girlfriend, superman
