It looked like a great idea on paper: The average person of the rebound dates the tight bookish museum Curacort, which is really a great superhero who regularly protects the world. However, director Ivan Retman and author Don Paine ("Simpson's") almost suddenly did their Hero G-Girl (acting with Uma Thurman in front of the threat) as the superhero and the secret identity cardress Janie Johnson. The film also came to her in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Sanders (Luke Wilson) after the rescue of G-Girlie from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny curiously asked Matt what was G-Girl. Matt replies, "What kind of nuts?" I think Jenny (Thurman) must be this young girl, in whose life she has no physical ability, her great physical power is cut off. Thurman is the best he can, but his jeanie Prozac is a terrible mood terrible needing. Leik Wilson is very boring from the opposite side of the boyfriend and superhero girl friend's role. <br /> <br /> "My super ex-girlfriend" also suffered a bad time, "Superman Returns" which plays straight superhero, so to speak. With all its comedy and incompatible writings, I still enjoyed "my super ex-girlfriend" and enjoyed the movie. It has been given an Ivan Reitman movie, it can be much better. Reitman starts with a great premises, and really squanders it. First off, we all love heroes. Here's no Jenny G-Girl really liked it. It is wonderful for Um Therman, who is naturally a curiosity and strong presence. At the beginning, her Jenny / G-Girl is a little weird. Shocking Because if a woman can play superhero, then the thermoman? She looks great Just became more sympathetic to his Jenny's transition towards the end, instead. Although "My Super Super" is not a direct superhero story, it's a romantic comedy, but this is not a superhero mythological story? Here are our professors, Bedlam Um Barry (Eddie Izzad) who are really evil lights. He is not a lex luther. No plans for global domination Instead of Badlom, Barry is angry with G-Girl, and perhaps it will have to do with the past of their fate. You do not know whom you spend time with a wicked person? Bedam or G-Girl? Lick Wilson's Matt is just "some friends" who hook up with the Psycho Superhero. One of the boring things he has done is that he turns out to be his unexpectedly harmful friend, Vaughn (who makes Rain Wilson misguided badly). Wilson sometimes plays a small game very often, and this dilutes his favorite charm. However, it works with Jenny in comic sex scenes. When Matt, dating Jenny / G-Girl, realizes that she loves her colleague Hanah (Behaya Anna Faris). So how does the break with Matt G-Girl? Well, it's not nice and mostly ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Drama Superhero films work. Romantic comedy with chemistry work. What might be implicitly difficult can be superhuman satires as romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. However, the hero is the nut job? Maybe not He can not accomplish this with Uma Thurman's talent. And he does not get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive the failure of their story. "My super ex-girlfriend" is fun and fun. Although all involved, the movie might be super.
