It all starts with a suicide. Or is it a car accident? It depends on whether I want to start or end it. Director Gabriel Mukino gives you the ability to enter his new movie Seven Pounds which you like as soon as you start at the beginning and come back to his path, which shows the course of our event that guides our heartfelt 911 call This is a powerful movie; Perhaps it's because I have come down to these soft plays, shining with a heavy moment and shining with devastating performance, but on the other hand, when it really touches me a movie works best, when it comes back after the theater left after linking to my head . And this group has not come to us from the best, sad, and happy seekers, so I would simply say that my expectation was closely guarded for big isolation. That's all, though, I rolled the credit until all the way was open with seven pounds of frames. Although you understand what Smith's character is doing, he is trying to finish the secret mission, in this way he fills his skin which becomes bright and ultimately laughs. <Br /> <br /> Our entry point is a bit awake, trying to understand what our key-editor is going on. Smith has a list of Thomas's names, one of whom we do not know, and a person among them is seen that he is trying to follow and audit. By working with IRS, he can see a glimpse of their life in their existence so that they can see if they are eligible for a gift offering? A gift that can completely change their situation. He called an old childhood friend (Barry Papers) and reminded him to do what he promised, the second is his second reason to guess his decision, because his mind does not change. You can not even help in a small role like Pepper, but you can feel the sadness of mourning mentioned in the background, hanging over everyone's head. It's seen in its character, probably three times, that is being really tackled in the primary level of emotion. In his broken, tears, and on the shoulder head, the bond shows that there is a time between these two men who can test the time and in any case they may come in his way. <br /> <br /> Then call the phone, start seeing a new person, start the journey. Thomas is trying to leave despite some types of missions, medical bills, and heavy burdens to survive in order to help the poorly cure the financial problems of the sick. This progress is widespread from "blind, vegetarian, meat sellers" that he sees whether he can explode him; Two donor-required heart patients at a stage, unable to print its line of permanent, or even run with his Great Dane Duck; Both were humiliated and afraid that Latino's mother was very scared to leave her lover; A frustrated hockey coach that believes in a downtrodden youth community; A small boy who needs to replace a bone marrow. There are some people who want to reciprocate with the pain and inevitability of hope and every day in the future, and those who try to overcome it and spend their money to spend their needs. Style Why Thomas can be mixed and the people who are able to get his "gifts" are unknown at first, why this person, who looks at flashbacks as a pilot engineer with a beautiful wife and a huge beach house, is now a living motorcycle, a beetup car driving, for IRS The door is going to audit. He said, though, "he fell into a job like that". <br /> <br /> Thomas finds long and painful, transparency and scared at the moment of gentle condolences in search of Smith. As a man, as a means of help, he takes his work seriously, surpasses the inefficient people and believes in them that they believe they are 9th grade qualified. That means if he jokes and makes fun of them, he must do it. At each step, though, you take every step towards grieving in his eyes, the pain of his soul, his fate, for the release child, he not only wants to help but for himself. This is a rewarding merit and I just want Smith to make more plays instead of its Blockbuster Action Summer Tempols because they make fun, this guy is very good for them. Has the person won Oscar before, or is it a mistake? At least in my mind <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The rest of the stella throughout the board. As a blind salesman, Woody Harlesen enjoys a pitch-perfect break in life. His shy smile and the belief of humanity have been added throughout, whether the phone is shouting, sitting in the diner while eating his pie, or playing in the piano piano to listen to everyone. Elpidia Carillo, as a misbehavior mother, is proud of being proud, from fearful to horror and is completely indifferent to the stranger, so that her family can finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson gives up on the living to find "tired hot" young girl, beaten in a chronic hospital and broken, love and happiness. This is Smith's role in the role of a woman who is once again open to her eyes, a free soul sex creature who can not think only of her last day being surprised.
