Seven pounds, this movie where I was sure that Will Smith is really going to film "I'm going to cry you". One thing I can give him a ton of debt, people can cry. My only thing, as the story goes on, Will Smith once again proved that he can work, why he is taking this very sad story? But still it's still a good movie. I have to force it to cry, but I used to think that Rogerio Dawson was acting, I love this girl very much, since I saw him with 25th hour Ed Norton, I knew that this girl was going a long way. She is beautiful, impressive, funny and talented, can not wait to see how much her career is going forward. But he and Will Smith did not have such a great chemistry that it was not sure whether this film turned into a great movie. <br /> <br /> Team Thomas was a car accident two years ago, which was created by using his mobile phone; Seven people have died: six strangers and their drunken One year after the crash, and while leaving the job as an aeronautical engineer, the team donated a lung to his brother Ben, IRS employee. Six months later, he donated part of his lever to a child service worker, Holly. Then he started searching for more candidates to get the donation. He found the junior hockey coach George and gave him a kidney and then gave a bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas. He contacted Holly two weeks before he died and asked whether he should know the person who needs help. She suggested Connie Tepos, who lived with an abusive boyfriend. The team moved out of his house and jellyfish in his pet box at a local motel. One night, after beating, Kony contacted the team and he gave him what he did in his beach house and work. He takes his two children and comes to their new home. Steals his brother's certificate and acquires himself brother by name of his brother, he finds out his two final donation candidates. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat seller who plays piano. The team called Agra Turner and harassed him by examining it quickly. Ezra remains calm and the team decides he is worthy. Then he contacted Emily Possa, a self-appointed greeting card printer, which has heart condition and rare blood type. He spent time with him, fixed the weeds of his garden and the printer of his rare Heidelberg. He started to fall in love with her and decided that her condition needs to be donated because of her worse condition. <br /> <br /> The seven pounds are a good movie and no doubt, I just want to go for the Rent vs Theater. Smith will move on to good performances, but not his best, only the majority of the films wanted him to cry for each scene, but the last one with him was a dose. But I love it eventually, it was beautiful and really made you value life and did not accept it for granted. Still good people in this world and Ben's character values ​​you life and give to those who are frustrated. Although he went a little bit away, but it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
