আমি দৃঢ়ভাবে স্টেজ থেকে পর্দায় একটি বিশ্বস্ত রূপান্তর করতে একটি বাদ্যযন্ত্র দেখতে মৃত্যুর যে কোন বাদ্যযন্ত্র ফ্যান জন্য এই ফিল্ম সুপারিশ করবে। Sure it's long, but it's really true real testimony of the real musical script. Set and cast really be in sweet Apple, Ohio place. Also a nice small town Fosse protege Anne Reinking dance while dancing with an excellent work experience periods. /> <br /> At first glance seem strange casting <br may be strange, but they are really wonderful (read "Anonymous" "Jason Alexander's comments about the performance makes me sick). In fact, her perforamnce literally steal the show. Albert as the new and for the creation of improved Albert dick Van daike-eskka kabajera mental snayabikatara with its own unique mixture was mixed. he dances and singing songs like c Wa can not hurt. George oyendta Another stand-out, the Paul Linden Harry myakaaphake less emotional and more humble and the more stringent raised. His whole character and body language, "my dead body," cried. Mark kudisa Konrad Bardeen Elvis Describing "high-mates" in "many thanks" to new heights with the Move antarnihitatara fine. if he saririkata The young Elvis is then bloated, stubly conrad harkens more.In fact, there are so many differences from the original movie of this movie (which is the happy face, the turtle speed and the Russian ballet !!!) Which one is married, Bye Birdi, what to do with me? The only possible benefit The original version is Anne Margret on this one. Otherwise it is possible to get better with updates. Where the old version spent many songs and there was no need for them to increase the dance break (and all the motives and objectives were to finish the film in the middle of the game), the new version retrieved the original score and made some cool side-by-side new stuff ("a giant step "That category is being standout). We know live in trying times but if you want to keep your mind from your troubles and keep a happy mouth, then check it out for one price.
