Brand Houser (John Cusack) A CIA killer. He was ordered to go to the country of Turquita, which liberated America and killed a businessman named Omar Sharif. Because the American majority, Tamarlen, will not stand in favor of Sharif, the neighbor country's oil company, which "brings together the country", establishing its pipeline through the war-torn Turkistan. However, once there, the brand takes place in the difficulties. One, he meets with a scheduled journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomi) who wants to tell the American people the "true" story of conflict in this region and Tamarlen. However, the brand quickly realized that Natalie's superb face and sharp mind forced her to lose focus on her mission immediately and unconsciously. Also, his cover as a trade show host forced him to meet country's pop-singer princess, Yonkica (Hillary Duff), who would marry in the Convention Center. She is a young diva, whose wedding arrangement also introduces the brand's attention away from the coming killings. Tamarlain BGB's former head (Dan Acrooyd) will be able to carry out his mission to brand brand? Good for you, John Cusack, to make this movie, though it does not hold together. A bulky shot in Serbia, an appropriate appearance of what the current Iraq should look like, a country has turned upside down. A stroke is a brightness, here the green area is called "The City of the City" and the appropriate Creator, so Oz-like towns try to stop the damage of the war elsewhere in the city. Kasak has done a great job, Cusack is doing an excellent job and supported him in the style of Tomi, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Acrooid and others. Duff, in particular, heavily accented, made up of heavy, made a great turn as a potty-mouthed singer. The entertainment of war criminals Baghdad is so real that wearing garments and other manufacturing prices are topped. For scripts, it is not always integrated, but it certainly has some great dialogue and view. For example, a young Turquoise boy offers to brand the secret place of enemies, in exchange for money and candy. The brand produces cash, because it has no candy, the boy burn his car in anyway. Bright! Nevertheless, the side is not a total success, but it often does not diminish. No, if you have conservative leanings, you probably do not like a bit of this image. But, if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of "the war of terrorism", then this is a good show. So try to watch it, because you will support the filmmakers who like to get rid of movies from old studios "sources".
