On this July 4th weekend, the spirit of the Declaration of Independence and "War, Inc. Our founding parents turned their joint hands in King George III, the film frustrated that the current crop of capitalist enemies benefited profits, profits, privatization of the government, privatization of the government The war itself includes. <br /> <br /> This mockery The throw is absolutely brilliant.John Cusack is a drill, as beautiful as the conflicting corporate assassin, and the beautiful Merissa Tomi is as good as his love interest. (My Lord, "George Costanza" was just fine.) Marcus Tomi is so attractive!) But John's sister Joan Cusack is really The movie steals, its brain script, yet at times sympathetic, personal assistant is infinite, and more than once She could not laugh at bright performance, she is not entitled to a fantasy comic timing, a publisher who could never wish her to be an actor, Dan Acrood is also very small, but very effective, Cameron is working as the company's head, in which Tamarlen Corporation. While sitting on the "throne" with his pants around his toes, the Acourea also shows the ass shoes, who currently holds the right to the real throne of our power. You will not feel too difficult to recognize that person. This movie was mostly portrayed in Bulgaria, so we were able to see so much real military equipment. (You only know that the US will never cooperate with this satirical war of war-profit.) I have enjoyed the role of "Omar Sharif" as the performance of Bulgarian actor Lubomir Nikov. There are several lines in the scene with Marisa Tomi on the dance floor, which can summarize our whole foreign policy towards foreign leaders - and in power - in power <br /> <br /> Naturally, this film will not appeal to everyone. If you believe that the ongoing personalization of our foreign policy, military, intelligence gathering and analysis, prisons and correctional facilities, public health, and other government services are extraordinary, this is a good thing that you can not afford. But if you believe that it is a cruelty to destroy people and countries to add to the bottom line of some corporations, you think you can earn gratitude in this movie. There can be nothing to maintain the spirit of independence which can be well ridiculed on corrupt forces.
