The plot of this film can not be extraordinary, but what makes the film particularly its character (and actors who play them?). I do not know the details of the plot of the film, but I certainly want to say it? This picture is not just for everyone! The film is really prudent and you will be equally clever to get all the mockery. If you are not even alert for a second, you might lose one of the exquisite points. The film is such a seemingly insignificant but malicious thing - like announcements announced on the background in Turkey, advertisements of tankers (which I have missed almost) and that it makes this movie ridiculous throughout life. <br /> <br /> As soon as the actors came, John Cusack played his active role very efficiently (along with his co-authors and producers) and he played his character? Hauser, the killer with a heart ?? Very nicely Causa's Grasses Pointe played a similar role before Blunk, but his humorous nature of the film is simply amazing. <br /> <br /> However, actress Hillary Duff stole all the show! I've always been a huge fan of Miss Duff. But I want to be honest when I heard about the role that he plays in the movie. But after watching the movie, despair showed respect to her as her actor. Let's tackle it! The baby is growing, but yes, so its talent! All the critics, who can not shout at Hillary, will remain silent for a while. Did Hillary play a really complex character? Outside hard, yet a sweet child inside ?? And she has done this complete justice. He makes you smile, and he makes you cry ?? To cut a long story '(because I'm going to get involved on her forever) she's a brilliant! Marisa Tomomi and Joan Cusack did a great job. Especially, the hysterics of the young man is disgusting! However, I was disappointed with Ben Kingsley and I feel like performing orange in such a small role. <br /> <br /> The General Battle Inc puts on your feet throughout your life with your intelligent humor and ends just the exact amount of twists in the plot. I would highly recommend this movie to all (and more to Hilary Duff fans) !!! Freshly - I'm glad to hear that the movie is going free for its limited release and will soon be released in other places !!!
