At the age of 14 Dinar Durbin and under the MGM agreement created a small feature in 1936, which combined them with one year's younger couple with Judy Garland in the first film for both of them. Louis B. The mayor then decided that he does not need two competing young singers, keep his bet in the garland and leave Durbin. Universal immediately signed Durbin, threw him into three smart girls and rewrote the screenplay to pump his part. He's the last bill, but with Typographic equivalent its neon lights around the name. The Universal firm belief was that there would be a ruins of Durbin, and they were right. Three smart girls are a musical instrument and a more sculble comedy, and Durbin, 15 when the film is released, it carries with a flood. She is determined to save Penny Craig and her and her older sister, Joan and Koe, their father, who divorced their mother, with a deadly clay from a beautiful gold digger. They live in New York City where they live, speak their way from Switzerland, where their parents live. They do not plan to divide their father's marriage, but plan to reconnect with their father to their mother, who loves the man after ten years. Does he have any doubt that he will sing twice in his warm, lovely Soprono? No Do the girls have any doubts ... How many couples and young lovers are finding ways to marry? No, again. A few years later, Durbin was quoted as saying that he could not play Miss Fixa forever. She is certainly right, but three smart girls, her first feature movie, there are fewer missed fixtures behind her. Durbin is funny, determined, resourceful, energetic and, all things, natural. His personality is so true that it creates this comedy - a slight disgrace, confusion, good intentions and a mixture of delightful enjoyments. <br /> <br /> <br /> Dubin carries the film easily. With her hook in Penny's rich father, it made herself a lot of fun with her own possession like Woman Barnes, like Donny Leone, which starred Charles Winnar, who was not shy during the scene theft. MyS man plays dying mathron in Godfrey who plays Alice Brady Doona Lions, who is more gold digger than her daughter. Royal Mill Milland, one of the perfect angels like Lord Michael Stewart, who made a mistake for Mischa Auer, through a mixed and fun mix. <br /> <br /> Three smart girls showcase the mentality and the combination of light weight and ridiculous comedy as well. So Dinner Durbin worked as a brand-new star, who had saved Bacon from Universal with her huge success.
