"Twelve monkeys" are odd and annoying, but at the same time very clever and intelligent. It intelligently moves into the future and past, and tells this story to a person named James Cole, which has been sent back to the people of the past, which collects information about mankind's virus which erases the population of 5 billion people. In 1996, the planet returned. In the first case, accident occurred in 1990 and unfortunately he was taken to a mental institution where he tried to explain his purpose and where he was a psychiatrist. Catherine helped the railway who tried to help him and a famous scientist named Jeffrey Goenne. Stimulating and anyway, so intelligent, because of behavior and behavior through madness, the film is a definitive composition in the history of scientist-fiction film. <br /> <br /> The story is extraordinary. It is so original and so entertaining. The script written by David and Janet People is inspired by a movie called "La Jettie" (1962), which I did not see, but I would like to thank the film director and author Chris Marker "Baron Monkey" writer. I read a bit about "La jetti", it's not the same story, but it's the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and Jeanette Peoples have transformed this inspiration into a modernization story, which tells about this urgent need to solve the problem of human being and it is a beautiful and realistic way to make sure that it is a breathtaking road. From the beginning to the end The music used in the movie is weird and in any way fun and delightful it does not really fit until it really fits and when you realize that it is so compelling, it was composed by Paul Bakmasta. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, who thinks from Monty Python, the director of this film was a surprise to me because I never thought of him as a director. I know he's already managed the movie, but I really can not believe he can do something great. Although it does an amazing job though it does not have to be a surprise. You can still feel the same oddity as Python, but the order for me is quite embarrassing, but in some strange way to describe it, it makes some scenes oddly annoying. Yes, it is a strange, strange, malicious and annoying, so it makes the movie even more heavier, so the poorly watched audience will probably make everyone harder to see the movie. You can not imagine that it's heavy, but it's just these things that are sometimes intense on their own motivation. Despite this, the film contains this pure intelligence and blends between flashbacks, dreams, past and future, it mixes the whole story in a very clever way, and even in some parts it does not mess up the plot. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br James Cole's role was directed by the magnificent Bruce Willis That is, who probably performed his best role. Now people can agree with me, as he has done "some six things" for example, but for me, James Cole's role was so ideal for Willis and he did it incredibly well. Character performs very well, yet very well, very well written. The coil starts to question his own existence and he lives with himself, real time of living, starts asking questions, trying to survive and finding important parts of the puzzle. By hardship he began to reduce his beliefs, questioning whether he can believe in himself or believe. Notable other roles Performance Performance of Madeleine Sto and Brad Pitt Sto, James Cole plays the role of psychological Catherine Rail, who has somehow weirdly seen in the lap, and decided to help him cope with his craziness. He began to believe in Cole's story, but as a scientist, he tried to find solutions through it and tried to deal with anyone with incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in Jeffrey Guy's role and he's still one of his best performances. The humorous character of the character still had an Oscar nomination for Pitt, so I guess I am not appreciating the excellent performance for doing nothing. <br /> <br /> All, "Baro Monkeys" is a great science-fiction experience and it must be a recommendation for everyone, especially for fans of science-fan. It features bright letters and superb performances, especially from Willis and Pitt, and is an original and a entertaining story that is so intelligent and cute. Yet being already mentioned as weird and annoying it captures the attention of the audience by making it striking and malicious. It's an explosive thriller and it also has romance, so it's one of the best movies I've ever seen in the same package and. Through the strange but horrific view of Terry Gilliam, it is a bit painful, but in spite of any other stable journey, it keeps on stabilizing itself. Really difficult to explain, but that's how it is, it is blown in the mind.
