The story of this picture is really awesome. A virus was cut loose and only 1% of mankind survived. The only thing we know now is that the animals rule over the land and there is poster everywhere, which says, "twelve monkeys did it." Okay, the human race was hiding underground from the illness that killed 500 billion people. Apparently animals do not contract this disease. During the day, the current scientist discovered that such an illness happened; How it was made; If nature is not done or a mere man has made it. They all know that there is a bunch of animals running around a city, deaths began between 1996-1997 and there are some to do with twelve monkeys. (Or at least the poster.) The current criminal named James Cole (Bruce Willis) was sent as "volunteer" to get some samples from above. After working for her "volunteer", she was asked to tell what happened to the world to know what happened in 1996. Confess the loin and the story of the twelve monkeys begins. <br /> <br /> During the time of the 1990s, in a decade since 1990, the machine date incorrectly several times. (In the middle of the war). During the journey all the time, Jess James started to rotate and the story survived. The whole story is done very well and if not for the last, I would like to give it a higher grade. I personally chose not to end the movie and I was very frustrated. I hope to explain more about what is going on, but not everyone who does not think this way. So I gave it 8, but if everyone puts the same opinion on me, then I will give 6 or 7 numbers. <br /> <br /> I can give it a ++ for the full role of the film. Bruce Willis is great for this role and he works well, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. Her acting is so great, she gets so good in character I never cared for him for Brad Pitt until I saw him and played the club. The character or similar in this picture, he's a little more ... mad in this movie. So overall I think this film is completely worth checking out. For most people it's a great science fiction film, I just do not think it's a best composition.
