Generally I try to avoid Saifaiyah as much as possible, because it is not just a section that really appeals to me. Light sabers, UFOs, aliens, time travel ... Most of the time it's nothing for me. However, there is a movie in this series that I will always place on the list of top films and this "twelve monkeys" I think it will be completely out for the first time, but still, after having seen it many times already, I'm still one of her biggest fans. Every time I see it, this movie seems to be better and better. <br /> <br /> All people are underground in the near future, because in 1996 an unknown and lethal virus has erupted five billion people, living only 1 percent of the population. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and is selected as a 'volunteer' from time to time to collect information about epidemic origin. They believe that it is spread by a mysterious group known as a 'mysterious monkey' and that it needs the virus before it changes, so that scientists can study it. But their time travel machine does not work perfectly and it was suddenly sent in 1990, where he was a famous scientist and virus expert. I met Catherine Rail, Psychologist and Jeffrey Goenz, a famous scientist and virus expert ... <br /> <br /> What I like about this movie is that it is not clear if what you see is true. Is it just an illusion, which is created in the mind of psychological sick people or is it real? Can he really come from the future and he really travels through time? Population has really been deleted by a virus, released by twelve monkeys soldiers? The questions that will surprise you from the beginning to the beginning. If the makers of this movie would like to make it more obvious, I'm sure I did not like what I did. It just keeps that time interested in me after the mysteriousness. But definitely this is not the only good thing about the movie. The acting is very amazing. Generally I'm not a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was simply amazing. Together with Madeleine Stove and Brad Pitt it has won many awards, because with the amazing story, they made this film incredibly well. <br /> <br /> Even after a few philosophies, I am still a huge fan of this movie. Except this movie, I only saw another Terry Gilliam movie and it was "Fear and lonely in Las Vegas", which was not bad, but really did not please me either. However, this movie really makes me look forward to her other work. I give it a 9/10, even a 9.5 / 10.
