The story about the possibility of post-apocalyptic future is going on in ages, since science-fiction is written as a trend. Today's society is responsible for what can happen in tomorrow's future, and our own misuse and rejection can be seen in the center of these stories right before shopping, whether they are good or <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> < br>> Terry glymium is definitely normal for this photo. He felt the film's feeling of lifelong life, making it a society attractive to its own and giving ideas about the upcoming tragedy even after the comedy moment. His world, the world where the transparency of the double diamond, is a place where the crazy people are being driven, where the cities are neglected and neglected, where everything tries to restore the first corner, despite the elitism in the front, where the lunatics are taller in each corner. It is a very dark movie, however, despite its very good, maximum linear (plots twists which keep under testing), and one which gets better with seeing repeatedly. <br /> <br /> A deadly incident that a deadly virus spread to mankind in 1996 and thus destroys the life of the planet, as we have learned that in future scientists are trying to change and correct the fate of humanity through the recruitment of citizens. Helps. Earth - Guinea pigs go back again, one of them is James Cole (Bruce Willis's great influence). Cole can be any person. We do not know anything about her, but in this case, she does not have any reason because she is very expensive after volunteering and after her hint of character, after completing her mission, it was almost near. What we know is that he is a dreamer and his dream can be real: he has already seen the scene of the 1996 incident. <br /> <br /> This is Diju Voo that puts popping up across the movie. When he was wrongly taken to the mental ward in 1990, he played Jeffrey Gaines (obviously Brad Pitt, who was nominated in the Oscars), who is fiercely speaking about destruction and destruction, and later Cole believed that he had seen Goenay in his repeated dream. A boy was shocked when he ran ... what? He does not know Later he met the psychologist Catherine Rail (Madeleine Stove) and one of his first responses was that he was insane, and he saw him before. Active / responsive from this story, active and even a little crazy believer has become an ongoing concept during his participation in this story that something terrible is coming in this way, especially when he visits him six years later: He saw the coil before. At the same time, Cole is talking about a dream that he is running a blonde woman under the ankle, screaming for help, after going out of the shots and talking about a dream as a special red-headed person. Jeffrey Guinness?) Clearly escaped, undoubtedly is not pushing the little boy who is an innocent person. The question is raised: did this happen? What are they going to happen? Who really is such a part, or better - near the smallest player, is part of a larger plot? Or is this all this forever and forever, forever and forever, forever and ever, forever and ever since the ages, forever and ever, it was forever from time to time, forever and ever, forever and ever. /> These questions have been made in a nice hierarchy, including Alfred Hittk's masterpieces VERTIGO's main scenes, including Madeleine Elster / J D Barton has his own brief existence of mourning ( "You did not take any notice," and they have hidden their seat movie theater Railly clock). Conversation snippets from VERTIGO creates a foil in the middle of the train and the middle of the coil, and later when the coil awakens in apparently close to the theater and is looking for a railway, he encounters it with disguise (almost exactly like the Eva Maria St. from the north of the West). The rise of Judy Barton, wearing the Meddine Elster dress on Herman's scale. This is an impressive sequence, due to the unlikely event of the names of two other movie actors: Madeleine Stove plays the Catherine Railway, who donned a blonde wig and a gray trench-coat, and herself "Crazy Simmons", a man named James Cole; James Stewart is a detective player Who tried to help the "insane" Madeleine Elster who was once seen once Do not be, but twice, first as Judy Barton and later as Medellin. Actions and re-activation, and re-play the game.
