Director / writer Andres Willblut has done seven years of work to complete this two-hour film of underground crime in Santiago, Chile, and this is probably one of the reasons why the film is considered episodic and needs editing. Or, perhaps it's a manager's strategy that shows the subtle concept of silent stories in the film. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Sylvio Bara (Vesture Cantilana) and Little Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda) - have been removed after their parents' death and came to Santiago from their home in Tempu to support Semvieu Victor's teaching. On 17th of Victor's seventeen birthday, Silvio took the virgin to the clubs, where she encouraged Victor to lose her virginity with the club's stripper / prostitution. Victor will face his newborn persecution in a voluntary scene, when Silvio will influence the possibilities of renting 'owners' on the floor of the club. <br /> <br /> Silvio earns good money to help the school guard / henchman and Victor school school. But Viktor Garcia (António Roos) kept a watch for the dancers and began to fall out of school due to Silvio's angry downpour. Gracias just think the club gang leader Don Pasquual (Alexandra Trejo) is a shiver of Silvior boss! Graces is holding this finger together, which together with Victor, Silvio and Don Pasquual's Paramouri, and the consequences of this malicious manage resulted in a troupe's deadly consequences. Through the means of recreating the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracias, we can understand the weaknesses and the fractures of each character, which will eventually lead to the fall. <br /> <br /> Chilean POP Fiction? Well, this and it is portrayed in a brutally colorful, dark manner, among which there are many front nudity (both women and men) and provocative sexual conflict. But ultimately, how the sexual orientation of the director's view plays this film, successfully successful professional sex worker is playing with the virgin mentality for the first time. The cast is a fairly strong, especially Antonio Rios playing the role of claim in Gracias. There are adequate twists and turns and you have to replace the events that you first understand understand but change the effect dramatically when asked through the eyes of a different character. Outline within two hours, some intelligent editing effects will impact. Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who love the public film Nair style and the South American film industry. Grady Harp
