And I'm serious! Verily I was one of the most satisfying films ever entertaining pleasure. It is so nice that, rarely a good book is transformed into a movie which is not only good but based on the novel, it is based on. Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainings, but it is actually a rare event. But I think that Louis Sachar was involved in the beginning, this helped the public, so that the film takes the story closer but it takes more. This image has many elements that make it: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature edge. 2. Brilliant actor. Along with adults and kids, in the same way, these actors know how to bring life to the story and how to provide their lines with encouragement and style without overboard, as is sometimes done with children's movies. 3. breathtaking scenery. And it does not matter if it is real or CGI, a nice composition in the setting itself. I especially love the image of the hole from a bird's eye view. 4. A gifted director who indulges in book life and turns it into technicolor's genius. Changes in time work well and take into account the permanent measurements of the book, which progress toward the twists across the film. 5. Louis Savoir! The person who started reading me a book started to finish so that I could not stop it. He confirms that the script is trapped in the book, adding new bits to make it better. 6. And speaking the script! These one liners are smart, funny and unpatronizing. But there are more parts to make you more ridiculous, to cry and to participate in your heartfelt. 7. Beautiful soundtrack There is no song in this movie that I did not read, and this is one thing I was supposed to be a punk-rocker. The songs link the story well and add extra jazz to the overall style of the movie. If you are going to buy this movie then I suggest you buy soundtracks, especially for "iffile", which centers around the story and has a book chorus. <br /> <br /> For those who have made the holes I do not work, I'm just a fan, plugging my favorite movie and reviewing its survey for it. If you do not see it, do it. now. This is very instant. Go!
