The hole is a novel about the past and it affects the current life of at least three people. One of them I will name, the other two mysteries and so on. Holly Stanley is a story about Yelnats IV. He is unfortunate in his life. Lucky indeed, most Yelnats identify the fate of men and have been running since the exploitation of 'dirty-dumb-pig-theft-great-grandparent-grandfather' of the Stanley courtyard. Because of that special exploitation, the family members became very ill. This is a time of celebration that meets Stanley IV. Through the legendary baseball player, homeless shelter has been donated to the auction for false allegations of stealing the pair of baseball shoes. He was given prison options, or he can go to a character building camp. Stanley said, 'I have never been in the camp before.' As well as the judge sent him to Camp Green Lake, excitedly. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place with an extraordinary philosophy, 'If you hold a bad boy, ditch him a hole every day, it will turn him into a good son. 'From the councilors' camp, one sir (John Voight) we learn this little pearl of knowledge. We directly print that he's got a dangerous man. He at least wears his attitude honestly; He does not think he's nice. Camp's guidance counselor, Mr. Pendesky (Team Blake Nelson) is a completely different subject. She works part of caring sensitively, but she is quick to charge someone else to authority, to quickly eliminate the most cruel oral barbs in her charge. Warden has a defined ability to mediate, but other than that he is a mystery. These three rules are Camp Green Lake, a place with no lake. It is just a dry dust desert which fills, five feet deep and five feet wide. Its local animals seem to be only soil, and dangerous poisonous yellow-covered fungi. The green lake seems, in many ways, a spooky place. <br /> <br /> The hole works despite the strange setting and strange stories, because it understands people. Especially because it is honest in dealing with prisoners of Camp Green Lake. The movie captures the way in the way of interacting with each other to the boys. The boys adopt the ways that they can mock each other, as they fight each other, and they can conquer the children in line with their age. It is this good nuanced core that makes the film credible everything else. What can be refreshed about the good nature of this film's main character? She does not believe in the family's curse, she is not bitter about her "dirty-dumb-pig-theft-the grand-grandparent's infamous exploitation." Actually he loves to listen to stories. Stanley IV is not boring about the past, and it does not affect the way her father and grandfather affected it. Occasionally there is a lot of sadness in the movie, but not too much sunny dinner. And that's refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes is an intelligent, insightful and diverse family movie. It's entertainment, and no cheap way. This is not a ridiculous, though it has a smile. It dares to be compulsory, where many family movies tend to play it safe and conventional. As it crosses the family film genre and becomes only a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give it a 10.
