There are two movie experiences I will always enjoy. The first one was watching "Star Wars" with my younger brother for the first time at the age of 10. In late October 1920, a close second with my best friend Trevor on Halloween in Triple Plains laughed. Halloween made me breathless, stupid, and depressed. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Mayra decided to kill her sister in Halloween in 1963. After 15 years, he escaped to psychiatric hospital and again returned to Hadfield. He is Lori (Jami Lee Curtis), a shy senior who enjoys the kids, and starts his walk. His partitioning friends across the street are killed, one as one as Michael set his plot to get him. Wickedly, the young boy in Halloween is scared of "Boogman" and could see him outside. During the killings, Dr. Sam Lumis (Donald Plusans) worked hard before finding Michael. He has no evidence, there is no evidence, only Sheriff Brewster (Charles Sayers) will have to sell. When the plot is released, you have a suspense-driven movie instead of a cheaper thrill fear. Alfred Hittak once said, "There are four men playing cards on your table and they do not know that there is a bomb and it stops, it's a cheaper thriller. Talk about what to do - then it will not stop, then You are in doubt. "Director John Carpenter accepted this advice to Hill of Halloween. The audience will look at the back of their victims and see them shining outside. We gasp Will he kill him? When will he kill him? Then, Michael disappears. The carpenter also uses special effects instead of the special effects that gore gore. This image has little blood, but still offers good scares. One of the best scenes is off Michael Michael off the ground. He glows in the light of the moon and keeps the knife behind, then he drives it. If you all hear a loud cold, then the audience quietly see Bob's feet drop. The presenter used a convenient point from the killer's view. This peaks our audience What will he do What's going on inside her mind? Eventually, the merchant's hunting system adds mastery tension. Moreover, he wrote a tandem screen with Debra Hill that gives us a story that we develop caring characters. Teenagers "party is not crazy", but only teenage prostitution resurgent disorder. Finally, there are some decent acting in this "B" low budget thriller. Nick Kassall, who plays a "shap" (Michael), adds something to the mind-killer. It is cold, stupid, and without any pathology. Moreover, personality does everything in the same way. When he was trapped, or set a trap only to kill. She separated from the victims separately. She relies on brute power. And that mask used (a bleached William shutting mask) gives an impression of having no soul or passion. Pleasance is melodramatic in his death monologues, when he comes as frightened, frustrated, and determined. He was surprised if he presented an attempt to fail the modernism of misinformation. Crown Jahr, though, is the introduction of Jamie Lee Curtis. He plays the character of Lori as someone who fears, but firmly strong and strong back. The last one left me stupid. This was the first idea of ​​an ongoing serial killer that could not be stopped. There are movies like Star Wars, which can be enjoyed many times. Halloween, and other scary movies, though, are not that advantage. So if we can remove our mind for the first time, then we can see a new and new look film, Halloween is the movie I like.
