Halloween is not the godfather of all the slashers, but the greatest horror of all time! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most awesome, vague and horror films of all time with this classic chiller. Michael Meyers is an extraordinary monster in this movie that inspired many imitators like Jason Vaishish (Friday 13th), The Minar (My Blady Valentine) and Charlie Pockett (The Night Bride's Charlie). All right, so I got a bit unclear there, but it showed you that this movie is completely horrific. No giant will ever have to come from King Tut Tomb or Dr. Frankenstein's Lab. He could be made in a little bit of suburbia comfortable. And The Night That Chem Home ... Huddlefield, Illinois and Visitors Can Never Be the Same. There are many aspects of this movie that make it the crown crown of horror movies. The first setting ... it seems to be around a normal suburbs. Many of us can grow in such a region easily and easily identify with letters. This is the area around which you feel safe, but if the problem begins to flow, no one wants to lift the finger in order to be involved (especially when a heavy breathing crazy tries to exclude our young heroine). The movie with the setting takes place on Halloween !! The most awesome night of the year! Although most people are carving jack-o-lanterns, Michael Maywers is trying to create some tiny bottoms. Besides setting, there are some great performances. Jamie Lee Curtis does a job that works like our heroine, Laurie Stroud, a handsome-shoes high schoolman who can not find a date. However, Donald Plansense Dr. Sam Lumis, who really stole the show The horror legend, which is a good doctor's screenplay, which is hidden behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and is forced to send once and forever to hell. However, this is the synthesizer score that really runs this image because it often keeps the movie in viewers. Once you hear it, you do not forget it. I enjoy grainy feeling of this picture. Nowadays, they seem to sharpen the image of every movie, we're afraid to give all possible details of our monsters. In Halloween, John Carpenter does not really let us get a complete look at Michael the Mayors. He always seems like a part of the shadow, and, I think that makes him so awesome. There are many scenes where Michael is partially visible when he spies on young thirteen (unknown to them), which adds to his cry. If you think, some WACO may be watching you right now and you do not even know it. Unfortunately our teenagers (and fortunately for us, awful fans), when they find Michael, he is not looking for candy on Halloween night .. He is looking for blood. Finally, Michael Maywers, the main element of this film's performance. His heartless pursuit of Laurie Stroud feels like an assassin who never stops. He is a bogiman who will disappoint you for the rest of your life. So, if you do not see this movie (if you still have some, or even you have it), grab some popcorns, turn off each light, pop it up in the old DVD and threaten. Call or trick!
