I recently went to a stage where I would like to see that the candles can not hold candy in the horror films of the late 90s and 80s in the 90's. I was very popular in this forum about the Housing and Urban Legend and the discontent of such films. I think they (and others like them) do not know the real horror. And it bothered me about this thing where it let me rent classic horror movies at my local video store. I already own all Fridays so I rented Texas Chess genocide, Elm Street's main nightmare, Gaus, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, The Exorcist and Halloween. Now the other movies are classical in their own right, but here you know about Halloween. What Halloween can do is not another film in the history of horror film, and it uses subtle tricks, techniques that do not depend on blood and gore, and it uses it to frighten you in the light of the living day. . I closed the lights myself and kept myself in the room and I was just as stupid as I knew, I wanted to see if Michael Mayor was there. In the last ten years, I've seen any movie with me. There is no movie <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> He showed that you do not need a budget of numbers 8 or 9 to scare the audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear will not really happen, but what's going to happen. What was that shadow? Was that noise up? He knows that these are the ways to fear someone and he uses every element of textbook scare which I think you can use. Even I think he has created some ideas and they should have ideas that people use today. But they do not. No one uses special effects of blood and rivers by using light and detail for terrible tension. And it's not exactly the same. You get high sound and jump out of a wall that is not afraid by a giant special effect. At this moment when the killer is hiding, somewhere, you just do not know, that scares you. And Halloween did not succeed like any other film in this endeavor. <br /> <br /> In 1963, a small Michael Mires murdered his sister with a big slaughter knife and spent the next 15 years silently locked in an institute. Loomis (his doctor) told Mr. Sharif, "I was trying to reach him for eight years and then seven other confirmed that he would never leave, because what I saw behind the eyes was the pure e-wil." Setting it up will stop nothing from getting the killer's mental and relentless idea that he wants. And all he wants to here is to kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill him, but he does it. (The story of Halloween 2 is going on well) <br /> <br /> No presenter here has done hunting scoring tips, shameful discussions and wrote and directed. Awesomely baked masterpieces There is a view that has been described. And the scene where Anne Paul is going to catch. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Then he realized that he left his key in the house. He gets them, comes back and opens the car door officially without using key. The audience picks on this but he does not He is very busy thinking about Paul. When she sat down, she said that the windows were foggy. He started to get distracted and mist, and then strikes Myers, from behind the seat. This is a great view because it gives detailed attention. We know what's going on and do not have Annie However, in 1978 and beyond, the filmmakers were scared from outside that the carpenter had made intense observation. <br /> <br /> Using a killer blurry image standing in the Halloween background, it is a wall, dark room, vague and shocking strange shadows throughout hunting, hunting by a terrible story Donald Plusance and a deadly, relentless murderer. My advice to filmmakers at our day and age is studying Halloween. Is it supposed to be a blue print for horror films? Finally, the Circular followed Hitzcock's steps, perhaps the director should follow him. <br /> <br /> Halloween produces all of our awesome things. If you are tired of all psychological horror movies which do not know the difference between evil and authority, then Halloween is a film that should be seen. It will not let you down. I am glad to be afraid, why do not you know, but I do. But in the 90's no one was afraid of me, perhaps in addition to a film (the final nightmare of Wes Cranven). If you enjoy frightened people, then Halloween is one that you will see. And if you have already seen it a hundred times, go back and see again, returning back with a film like the Urban Legend. Urban legends will entice you at all the fantastic faces of the movie. Halloween will frustrate you with fear, do not want to stuck your seats. Now tell me, what horror movie will you see? <br /> <br /> And just following the look of the zombie version, it appreciates you for doing so much more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie bastardized its version, but it is not far from merge this.
