During its original release, it was a blockbuster (it was the second highest grossing film of 1976), the third screen version of Star IBS shared equally to critics and fans. Although the film was opened in roughly negative reviews, the film's budget went up to $ 150 million in the box office and won an Academy Award and five Golden Globes. Streissand's most commercially successful film is not a little ridiculous about his being the most controversial. For every ten stars of Starstar's best film Star, he has always claimed ten other films that it is the weakest film in his film. While both parties have some capabilities to support their claims, it should still be noted that one of the most sensitive and highly entertaining showy dramas for the seventeen Star IS Boron Hollywood productions For my money, it is often called the best version of the story. <br /> <br /> The picture is very enjoyable and absorbed overall. Changing the setting in the competitive world of the music industry from the old Hollywood studio system was a great idea, and the screenplay made a real contrast between the characters' romance and their careers. This is a major field in which the AARAR Born version of 1976 has actually surpassed its classic predecessor. For example, the movie is particularly successful when recording personal and professional issues during the recording session, and sometimes endless phone calls that do not interrupt crossfire songs This version of the story is more credible in the art of painting. For example, the woman leads the previous two versions so that she is honestly surrendered and self-sacrificing. On the other hand, Esther female leadership in this edition is not only portrayed as strong and passionate, but faulty and contradictory. As a result, he seems to be more "real" than the previous films of Genet Géner or Judy Gerland, and makes the story more effective. <br /> <br /> Performance is all targets, even if some supporter characters are not enough fleshed. If you are looking for an actress / writer who can run smoothly and without the appearance of a fine script in the form of a scripts, but the strasse must be the girl you want. He is a film star who can even think of the most current conversation as fresh and natural, and naturally he has to create a strong mental connection with the audience. Simply tell, its Esther is a fully realized, three-dimensional people. Chris Christopherson is not getting much respect for his back-up character, but he always keeps an eye on the eye and displays a magical charisma that he rarely appears elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson has actually received rave reviews from New York, TIME, and even New York's generally naughty Palin Kael. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give reliable performance, but both screens have quite a minimal amount. <br /> <br /> The film's soundtrack recording was also a huge success, hit # 1 on Billboard's Hot 200 and sold four million copies in the US. Streisand-composed "evergreen" (with Paul Willim's song) is one of the most glorious songs of contemporary pop, continuously playing an extraordinary vocabulary from Straussand. The original tracks of the rest of the film (mostly written by Williams and Rupert Homs) are quite good and Straussand seems pretty good - after the rest of the film, their live solo numbers are in memories. Streisand's dynamic performances are "women in the moon" and "a closer look at you" makes life exciting and even better than possessing silencer numbers like "queen bees". Christopherson's single number is somewhat stupid, although he may be deliberately humiliated by a singer. <br /> <br /> Although somewhat naturally it has dated (it certainly reflects in decades that it was created), a star for seventeen years is still very good. The film is well mounted and produced gently, chemistry is very strong in Lead and always seems genuine and both of the two effective visual effects are both effective in both stretching and stretching. In conclusion, a star bar is simply entertaining and not running, but it crosses all criticism.
