Do not make me wrong "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and based on the 007 franchisee, it must be the best FPS game. But the series fell into an FPS Ruth. Enter "Everything or nothing", which puts the bond in the third person. When I wrote a previous review of my "Review with Love", then I ended the RRWL and started just ounces and strictly judged Ion. While the FRWL clearly holds the core idea of ​​Nostalgia and movie franchise, Ion is clearly the best in terms of depth-control and variety of gameplay. Driving an SUV from Standard Running-and-gunning, driving a Aston Martin, driving a limousine for a blast, running a motorcycle, flying a helicopter, remodeling a two "Goldeneye" tank commander, repelling down a section protected by laser tripwars, and Free fall after a prostitute damsel. Of course, car controls are a little painful, but the issue here is different. <br /> <br /> As a film adaptation, "Goldeneye" and FRRW was something I could expect. But the original story of Ion adds to the feeling of controlling the courage of James Bond. This helps by the impressive cast list of Willam Defo, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Cloom and Misaki Ito. Judy Danche and John Clas, respectively, reviewed the role of M. and K, and Pierce Brosnan's film, although no Shan Coni added credibility to the game's proceedings. With the disappointing exception of Heidi Cloom, all the letters are similar to the stars, who do not judge the real-life model of the in-game model. The theme of Maya's theme is consistent with some of the biggest screen tone title tunes at least. <br /> <br /> The game also offers some tribute to old bond movies. Christopher Walken's former colleague from Will Defaul's character "A View to a Kill" Richard Keele appeared in three battle scenes, "Spy Who Loved Me" and "Muncher" as Holling Henman, among which the first and best similar movies have become a movie fight. <br /> <br> Single Player GamesPlay contains standard on-foot missions, mainly as bonds. Like bonds, you will be able to choose whether to use the stealth or use the gun shining. The game offers lots of opportunities to use the stealth, with plenty of wall and object cover. Unfortunately, in contrast to FWL, only one button in EON controls both the crawling and the wall clinging, so when the slices are sliced ​​around an angle and the bond is reduced from the opposite side it is closed. The game also allows players to go to "bond reflection" mode. When you browse your inventory, everything around you goes to Super Slow, which allows you to analyze the objects you have. Although some of it is used, this mode will enable you to perform a number of spectacular "bond moments", such as throwing four goons below a Charlie and adding it to the band movie sense. There are 3 levels of available difficulty: Operative, Agent, and Double oh. On the operative, you can walk through a few hours. Agent, a few weeks. Double oh, a few months. The difficulty level can be changed for each individual mission. Gaining high scores in missions will unlock the benefits of gold and platinum awards and car upgrades and skimpy outfits of bond girls. Some missions may be extremely disappointing due to the lack of checkpoint, but when all is said and done, no raid is more than a single action scene in Bond films. <br /> <br /> Multi-player, unfortunately, is not thrilling. "GoldenEye" is still the best multi-player mode of a bond game. Ion's main multi player is a co-operation campaign mode, which provides low MI6 agent's band's less important mission charges. More standard third-person death matches can be unlocked from this mode. But the most complete bond experience from the single player mode date. Last, with most bond games, it's anticlimatic. Although the final mission is one of the most harmful in the game, the final clash with Villen is frustrating. Also, the levels required to accelerate bonds have become experimental and error-proof. However, for a serious bond fan, one of the bond movies is missing due to this game not playing.
