Anything that I say, Jerry Maguire, and Almost Famous (I did not have that big on the single) is a huge fan, so it's safe to expect that Cameron Crowe is attached to his name. I told Vanilla Sky that it was a weird movie and I probably do not like it when I expect something similar to other CROW movies. Well, just saw it, tell me that the former was right, and the next could not be wrong. This is a very strange movie, and ultimately does not come together until the end. Anyone who tells you that they saw that half of the movie is coming in, it is either lying to you or unable to separate their isolation from their memory. However, the movie was starred, and I was waiting to be its owner after the DVD was released. I was moved by film, and felt emotionally spent by the end. This is an experience that draws from viewers to the entire spectrum of human emotions, if the viewer permits them to plot. In the movie I saw in the movie, there were some people who lost the film clearly and when they saw that they could not go back to the plot, they were bored. I am sure that others lack the ability to follow any movie just like this. I do not want to say that this is a great sound, but some people are spending more time in films like Sigal, Chan, Van Dam, and will not enjoy such movies. It is very brain, so be sure that you are ready for a two-hour mental bandar, and a lot of thinking later on. <br /> <br /> As far as this movie is compared to other Crowe movies, it's the same. At least one honor, in all CROO films, a character in the soundtrack itself. Because of the long association of croiss's music, it is almost obviously about anyone with whom he is famous and famous about his marriage to heart star Nancy Wilson. Under the direction of Tom Cruise and Crowe's instruction, there was a certain chemistry that Jerry Maguire saw as a film that was known to be known. However, if I can take this movie to another film, then I would say: If you enjoy the game of David Future, you are almost certainly a fan of Vanilla Sky.
