In an attempt to monetize the success of the horror films of Universal, Megastik Pictures has employed several popular actors from the current genre, and in this effort they (actually say) are not as good as close friends. With him, it is still worth everybody and it is pretty funny to see what is supposed to be passed as a hack and my opinion is nowadays awful! The story takes place in the small German town of CleanSchluss where blood is fully visible on the body and there is a suspicious punk mark. Burgermaster Gustav Shano (Leynell Belmor) screamed "It's Vampires", but local police chief Carl Breitschenmader (Melvin Douglas) thinks that it is a madman and he pledges to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPINNER ALERT ***** BergagerMaster and most cities think that the local Kumar Hermann Glib (Diet Frey) who loves to bat and often talks to them, that's what they want and They put him behind his death. A cave Who is responsible for the killing. Auto von Niemann (Lionel Atoll) who created a new type of tissue mass on the blood and he is out of the night to collect blood for his servant Emil (Robert Fraser). Dr. Otto's portrait was a bizarre assistant named Bertin (Phay Royer) and Gassi (Maud Uren), a boring aunt, but after the death of Herman, Karl eventually became a suspect. <br/> <br /> Frank and Straier did not get confused with James being Hello, but he was a prolific director who ended up managing most of the series "Blendy" in the series, and with this film he was "Old Dark House" This was illustrated. I made this film a surprise for the first time, but it is impossible to oppose a movie. It is impossible to oppose a film that is too much of fryfil with the fray, who becomes friendly at the bank right now and strokes them and keeps them safe for their pocket! One thing that can not be understood is the fact that Emeto is embarrassed over Emil, which does not explain this film anymore, and I firmly believed that it was somewhat satisfied with "Dr. Kaligari's cabinet", but on the other hand it is probably the weakest part of the script. There are several twiddles that I noticed that behind the frame in the big caves, there is probably the first shot of the infamous Branson Canyon where many other films have been made and Ray's brown hair is its original color. Fans of real horror movies will appreciate it more than others, but I think this is a fun movie for everyone and for catching up with Caste as it is a good look.
