It's one of the most underprivileged masterpieces in my opinion, he's sad to feel his excitement, funny and sad, almost extraordinary performance! All the characters are wonderful, and the stories are just brilliant !, plus Jodie Foster and Cherry Currie this is simply amazing! Finishing is very strong, but I will not waste it for you and I think the character development was the top notch! Plus you will really be concerned with all the characters, especially Janny and Anne, because you will be rooting for them! Plus, I like how to move it slowly, and give you an opportunity to get all the characters and keys to get there. I can not believe that it has only 5.9 ratings because I think it should be much more and it was interesting to see Randy Quaid in this type of role, plus it is very well written and well-made! Mag (Marilyn Cagan) became totally embarrassed to get her party, and the movie has a lot of wonderful moments! Alongside, the dialogue is particularly nice. It's one of the greatest underlying skills of all time (my opinion), its thought is provocative, interesting and sadly sad, and I say go and see it immediately! It is bound to your love! Direction fantastic! Adrian Lynn has done a great job here, with great camera work, and the movie is very impressive! Acting amazing! Jodie Foster was really cute, and always amazing! She was focused, very careful, caring, was a loving character, was intense in some scenes, and she and Cherry were in the heart of film as Currie Ginny and Annie! (Foster Rules !!!!!!!). Cherry Curry is hot on the street, and surprisingly, I am sorry for her character, because she had a very favorite character that needed only help, she gave a strong performance, and she made an amazing character that she was amazing! He was really liked as Scott Baio Brad, and his job is good I liked him. Randy Quaid wonders how great I am to him in his serious role. Sally Kellerman I love her a lot, mother is great. Both Marilyn Cagan and Kandis Struh were as good as Mades and Deedrerey, and they had to do good work as the other two friends. Laura Darn has played a very important role here, though it was quite cool to look at, though not much of it. The rest of the cast is not fine. Overall it's immediately to see, it's an underlying masterpiece! Out of *****
