Originally "House of Max" - Vincent Price's first genuine horrible hit has released the previous year - but takes care of "serious" because the "mad magic" is the worst thrill, the set pieces of joyful time, the delightful 3-D effect, the glorious performance performance and McArter's horror gimmicks as its predecessor! "Never Change the Victory Party" Writer Karen Willner certainly thought that he wrote to the value character Don Galico, to surround himself with a tormented soul, and to take revenge for those who wronged him. Dan Galicco is going to perform his own first misleading show as Galicó the Great and is planning to show the greatest magic tricks in history; The title "The Girl and the Boy's Sweat". Galileo's committed solo career was suddenly destroyed when his previous employer Ross Oormand appeared on the stage and made a deal under his nose, saying that all the discoveries in the gallery were the right property of the company. The lazy and lazy almonds of Galicor's only beloved wife, see the rivalry of the Galicor's rival, The Great Rennaldi, and conducts the shows. The reluctant Gallico snaps and the sadistic Butcher Ormond, but ?? Also make mask master? Recreates his victim's image and even started leading a double life. "Mad Magic" is a funny and completely neutral 50s horror film in the Grand Gugginnle style, incomplete with plots twists (Landlady is a great crime novel?) And a few fantastic fantasy gross-out moments (although they probably would be advisable for the most part). At the beginning of the film, the 3D animation of YoY player, and a dirty trick with the water pavement works just like time-making and contemporary 50s, but still see it and see it in the right way. "Mad magic" is also interesting from setting phases, because the events are often used as the finished material, and the character of Alice Prentis is a clear reference to the famous crime writers of that era. . The film remains the most essential element of Vincent Price, as well as the legendary man acting in any horror film. No other actor can ever do that, the price illustrates the painful hero who has fallen slowly. Such an indescribably mesmerizing way more and more in mental frenzy. You grieve Don Gallico, yet at the same time you fear him fear. You support his cruel acts of revenge and you must end the death of his murderer. Vincent Price is simply a gifted actor and my modest opinion, horror statue.
