While the Notiarias Betty Page has been well-received and shot, the best is the Clifs Notes version of Betie's biography. The film is mainly based on her work, making her most famous photos with Evving and Palla Klaw, brother and sister team. It does not detail its life after posing, away from its religious regeneration. It cites "Real Betty Page" by Richard Foster as a source, but it ignores Betti's next mental illness and imprisonment in mental hospital. The narrow focus of life can be debated, but Betière's fans and "civilians" may be more interested in their modeling career, which they can get. <br /> <br /> This movie has played well, Gretchen Mole reproduces the looks of Betty faithfully, as well as sweet messages that exuded her pictures. The character is acting as naive, in recent years a potential tribe of interview given by Bettie. It is probably likely that his photos were aware of nature but it was made reasonable by acting and dressing. Supporting cast is also outstanding, Chris Bauer and Lily Taylor Evving and playing Paula Claw, and David Strathren as Estes Kefauver. The film starred John Wiley, played by Jared Harris. John Wiley Betty does not fill the page and does not involve shooting the pictures with Klaws. Harris dislikes Willy as Peter O'Wowel, in his more humiliating condition. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of the film, the film is frustrating in terms of depth. The story is rather mutated and we do not think that we can really know Betty. She liked a lot of her photos, it's just a picture. It does not tend to exaggerate Betty's superstition. His films are mainly seen in the narrow market of underground and culture, in New York and nearby. In the late 70's and early 80's, their photos were re-established and the Bati page culture (its name is commonly spelled) is published. The greatest exposure of the bat was in Playboy, the issue of January 1955 (Christmas photo, which is directed towards the opposite of the film) was present. <br /> <br /> The picture is good, It's finally able to maintain interest and display a lot of good performance. It hits the high points of Beti's life, but ignores many details which give it even more depth. The last is rather a given below. It seems rather casual. Still, the movie Betty, or even definitely interested in time, is definitely valuable by anyone. The soundtrack is amazing, has really attracted the audience in the 1950s. If not anything else, the film stands as a showcase for America's growing sexuality and its collision with the past in Puerto Princes. It's a peek of an icon for both men and women.
