I liked it ... just that ... I liked it, not like an animated series ... I love it !!! It is less interesting to think that we try and compare everything, but this cartoon was great, but it really did not like it. Bruce has so many people to say so cold, but if it is about 5 years later, anyone who has a crime-stricken gang will get this anger and insanity, so this is not my fault. Batgirl was really awesome she's right there because Dick Grayson is not more as a Robin, Batman needs a good colleague to be needed, like the new Robin, he's just a child and you can not depend on a baby. But he does not work: new artwork ... it's not terrible ... but it does not work for me like a Batman series. It's a dark character with a patient of a patient like a joker, so you can not keep this artwork in this cartoon, the Joker is not a bad design, but I still like the past joker (but for me the greatest joker who appeared outside Batman: Joker's return) , So this jockey is not good. The best thing about Joker is that it still marks Hamilton's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (in love for her) has kept a great time for her: Mad love (for the best part of the series). Here we finally know how he turned Harley Quinn and how Joker had changed his mind, and in that animated series you feel, darkness, no happy ending, cruel war with the joker (but very small), how is it all The series was there. But in general I do not like how Hurley has created this series ... In almost every episode they make fun but laughingly, she becomes crazy, she speaks differently, she makes mistakes ... she is ridiculously ridiculous They can not laugh with him, even from him ... and here they are ridiculous (as I said the only episode where I do not think it is crazy love and the cryp So it's good series, it's good series, it can be good to pull up, upsides and downs (good to me! That ketabana !!!!!) Excellent sound effects, excellent music, excellent voice and nice episode: My favorite, Mad love, millions of Jokers, old wounds, father's sin, and cold comfort. If you enjoy Batman: TAS you can see it but do not make it too clear, on the other hand if you have not seen TAS, then check it first and then see TAS so that you really love TAS: D
