The New Batman Adventures (also known as Gotham Knights) are performed after 5 years of Batman's final episodes: Animated Series (B: TAS) and are only broadcasted for 24 episodes. This is not a terrific show, but it's not as good as the original Batman animated series. I'll start with everything that I did not get very good. First thing first, the animation itself: long and sweet, Gotham is no longer dark, the sky is always red bright and orange, B: TAS did it, but it was drawn in a dark palate, the sky was worse Was, at this show, the sky is very bright. It looks like any other kids and does not seem to be as unique as Batman: TAS gave its group bold, cool art style. The art style is okay, but now Batman does not remind me. Characters made of straight lines, squares, and triangles formed in each character look like humans. In the original series (B: TAS), the letters show more like the drawn versions of real people. Animation can be more consistent than B: TAS but it is certainly not good. Next: Some of the episodes appear to be very low and child, but some things are stronger than content: BAS. (Team Drake / Robin 2 tried to kill 2 faces, and some villains get some pretty rigorous treatment). This takes me to the next point. <br /> <br /> In the future and Batman talks about being held in the final episodes of Animated Universe, many villains join their death or go forever. Toxic Ivy definitely drowns when a cruise ship explodes; Nearly two penguins, killer kill, and kill himself, so he is forever moved to Arkham; Joker falls into an industrial plant extraction clienthouse (although he will return to the Justice League Animated Series later); Catwoman Batman, etc., moved to France ... just because the series is ending does not mean that they will get rid of some great characters! Villain's motives are very bad, too. There is no one! B: In TAS, we learned that these villains suffer mentally and their lives are destroyed, that is why they work on this event, these volumes are doing crime for the story's progress. It's like Batman does not take care of the softness that people have in fighting, they just make them fooled. This Batman is a cool and medium version of the character, but it has been doing this year, I can see why he is so strict. <br /> <br /> Next, rescheduling character models: they are awful. Gordon slimmed down nearly 100 pounds ... is he sick? Many see Villen Stupid (Joker, Ridler, Katman, Mr. Fritz, Mad Hatter and Killer Kroc worldwide). Although, I think some characters look good (Ben, Scherco, Bit girl). Harley is the same, and Ivy (who has become more hot now) has pale green skin. There are many faults in the series, some episodes are great - on the ages, mad love, careful from the crypto, the girls night out, the Old Worlds, the legend of The Dark Knight, and never fear my dear ones here are my opinions . The Superman animated series Batman's composed crosswaves were also great. <br /> <br /> The most part of this show is how the creators say that they love the animations of this series more than the original. In the original Batman Animated Series DVD features, he was so proud of the art style and how he spoke about how the characters were animated, but eventually they succeeded (for example, the animations needed for animations in the clayface). In the DVD features of New Batman Adventures, the producers are basically saying "To Hell's B: TAS, it's a fresh, new re-vamp, it looks better and we love how much we've transformed the series completely!" (OK, that's a hug). When the creator B gave up the wonderful art style: TAS, he really bothered me! <br /> <br /> This is not a bad show, but I still do not like it as the original animated series. At least the show is not talking to its viewers, because of that, I still appreciate. Although some episodes of this new series are fantastic and valuable. Superman: Animated Series, and Justice League: Animated Series Batman's Cool Followers: animated series and New Batman Adventures, so watch them.
