After the glory of Snare, it will be able to do one more way for HanZo, and it does not violate expectations, but it is a fine film and sitting nicely in the fun but dirty first section and terrific second in terms of quality and general entertainment. The screenplay of Yasuzo Masumura is that there is some similarity with the expected high-genes of Hanoz films, but the film has made a small difference in the formula through the character of humor and filmmaking. A cool, reflective edge. Hanzos Assistants are scared by a ghost, and the film generally directs that he has to have a cognitive knowledge of this ghost. It is apparent that Ghosts are working as a guard for the stolen currency of stolen coins and reveal a story of stealing, corruption and interest with the expected violent and lazy results from this set up. Shintaro Cattu is as horrible as Hanoz, he is coming out as a deadly fighter and the power of nature, he is equally good at the time of humor and favorite intelligent moment, almost ordinary gentleman at the moment of the plays, it is a beautiful round performance. Social conscience and personal feeling filled with a touching edge. Expected comedy also comes as well, its interactive with its servants is entertaining as ever when moments with its "snake" Magobei are probably the most ridiculous in the series. Even though beautifully loaded at a nice moment, proper steps and a slightly sticky image get a little less than a relatively consolidated approach. Both previous films have shadows, plot, motion, and memorabilia remembering the memory and it works very well when the movie aims to sludge, with a effectively effective and dominant initial query order. Likewise, director Yoshio Inui presented the possible lazy scenes in more experimental methods, in terms of less well-managed work in Kanye Missumi, which occasionally has very nice results, such as a man with a bundle of protection, with fingers tied his fingers into strings as unknown. Hanzo, his wife, and sometimes a little weak, For example, an orgy that reduces with a nudity-free cyclical rolling speed, which shows at a speed. Nudity and bloodshed are usually unfortunate, which are unfortunate, although both of them have a strong sense of action, but certainly the type of film where trashy and unrestrained nudity and violence are most appropriate. But even in the way of exploitation products, it is still completely entertaining, predictable moments are created suddenly and there is much more than adequate conspiracies and tensions, even around some of the amazing wonders. For fans, this really is a movie, stopped working in the previous installment and it works sweetly without seeing it in sight. Absolutely absolutely delightful if the hilarious triangle ends, the second best among them and the watch for the enthusiasts of such things is valuable.
