Bright "Gokokba" (Ukr. "Hanzo Razor - Sword of Justice", 1972) and its excellent (and even sluggish) Siegel "Gookiba: Kamishori Hanjo jigoku jamey" (Uk. "Rage 2: The Sunrise", 1973)), This is "Gokokiba: No, Hanzo Yawahad Koban". Third, and sadly, the unbelievable Samurai-Constable Hanzor was finishing the extraordinary character about 'The Razzar' Ittami (played by the great Shintoro Katsuur), who fought with corruption in his fighting skills. As well as his extraordinary sexual power. As a big fan of the exploitation of 70 films made in Nipunyan, "Astronomy" became my favorite favorite and so I was interested in finding a growing signal, and finally when I finally got frustrated with them. Although this third "Hanjo" movie is not as bright as the previous predecessors, it is obviously another great part of the movie that a lover of Japanese exploitation can not miss. "Who Goss the Gold" is a little smaller than the previous Hanoz films, but it is brilliantly playful and funny ridiculing and immediately starts surprisingly: The film starts, when a woman is seen scrawling while carrying two assistant fishing Hanzors. Always wanted a ghost to sleep, Hanzou jumped aloud loudly aloud loudly loudly shouted aloud, my personal favorite actor Santoro Katsu again inspires Hanzo's role, a role that has been specially written for him. Katsu Hanjo, a sudden and fearless constable, who hates corruption and deliberately humiliates its sub-operatives and whose unique questioning techniques rape women suspects. His sexual power and extraordinary gender, which he trains in a rather wonderful routine ceremony, due to the fallen woman, immediately fell for him. I did not give anything more about the plot of "The Gold the Gold the Gold", but I can make sure that it seems as cool. Supporters are very good at performance, and, as predecessors, there are too many ridiculous pronunciation characters. Sadly, the last movie, Hanzo, is a marvelous final film. If they made 20 signals then I would have been happy to see them all! The whole Hanza series is bright, and this third part is a little worse than predecessors, but it must certainly be seen for all lovers of civilized movies! Hey how they made more signals!
