L'Hypothèse du Tale Vol / The Hypotheses of the Churing Painting (1979) An old, three-story parlor apartment building begins on the premises. Inside, we see the collector, an elderly person who clearly dedicates his life to the study of six known images of Toner, an artificial Impressionist painter. A narrator reads epigraphs about art and painting, and then involved in the dialogue with the collector, who describes the imagery to us, shows us, imagines us a little about painting and scandal, and then he is going to show us something .... < br /> <br /> When he enters a door, we enter the other world, or the world, or Probably can exceed the limit to exceed the other limits. The Collector looks through our visually uninterrupted houses, along with a mountain with a large yard of trees; In these limitations, six images come with half way of life or life, when he walks through our tables and describes the possible meaning of each of our paintings, behind the scenes, the whole secret history, scandals, people of painting, novel that can be inspired by painting. And so, and so on. Each room, each description, leads us deeper into a labyrinth, and all the time collector and narrator are verifying their individual monologues, very often in dialogue, but mostly in separate and separate stay. It was so strange and strong and undefined that it was seen second time, and thinking or writing is so challenging. If you can guess what it adds to me, then it will be an ironic mockery of the complete nature of artistic interpretations. Two indicators can be found in the most troubling and obsolete scenes, in which the collector has painted some sexless plastic statues - the second of which he also saw pictures of painting sculptures - then he proceeded through his collection, which is now partly to the life-size versions of the statistics Composed with If we think too much about it and do not enjoy it, it only becomes vague plastic. <br /> <br /> I have come to a definite conclusion about "Hi Hoopthus du Tablo vole", "No, I can definitely say that like Peter Greenway's first (and contemporary) works, like" What is via H " I have been so excited by so much deep, so serious, so much density ... and the heart, so evil and fun
