Jay Chaaw plays an orphan raised in a Kung Fu school, but after a fight with a group of unfortunate villains, he kicked in the hands of the corrupt head teacher. He is on the down-on-the-fate Trickster Erish Sung, who immediately sees the cash potential of the youth. The basketball is a wealthy choice for Avenue and Tsang bids to transfer him to a university team and to promote the media. General success is managed by a basketball championship and a truly ugly rival team, which was previously managed by the same wolf villain. I guess it's a little more than a shalin soccer, but so playful or ridiculous - the plot looks fantastic, near the sports movie conventions, and expecting all the elements of the crowd to set up. You've seen it all before, but after doing it well it's kind of hard to see again kind of stuff. Thankfully, this has really been done well (the director can say 'amazingly' at some chair chairs with Yuen-Pingi ... I hope his good support ') - the script is distributed and the presentation is faded and stylish. Joe Chu remains mostly expressionless throughout the whole, but this is his style, and when it blows an emotion across it, it can be a good connotation effect. Ering Sanga reflects a much larger character than his life which he has played long ago (in real life, for example), who has received many films in the most emotional moments. <br /> <br /> Since this movie is moving around basketball, it is good that the views of the basketball matches are appropriately encouraged. Some real skills are made with Cast, which include Cho, and some well-done wireworks and CGI Hyper-Real Kung Fu add the elements of expertise that makes the scenes more entertaining (you like this type of thing) and the plot / the existence of the movie Justifies <br /> <br /> There is only one significant battle scene in the film, but it is in the "One against many" styles T fission. J. Chuo sees a lot of his own patches and is quite impressive - he's definitely very strong and fast for real, and Ching Siew-Tung's dancer shows him as a real martial artist. I like more, but at least it's a long war. <br /> <br /> A lot of Chinese New Year blockbuster I hope it will come from the trailer, and offer to see!
