New York City is a person above all else, probably immortal Dr. Anton Mordad. Mordad is an oath that is against the war, using his power of brotherhood to keep his brother and rival Kaval so that he does not take the slaves of mankind. Well, you do not know? A prediction is true and the kabal becomes free and begins to collect material (including platinum and uranium) for its keychirmy test. With the help of a policeman named Sam, can the Mordad defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Meradied" came to court to Charles Band to collect the full moon arch. I did not hear it, which seems a bit weird that I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Madrid) and the movie is not old. But now it's me and I can enjoy it again and The film is of course the classic flower moon style fun. Richard Band provides music (which does not make much difference to his other scores) and Brian Thompson plays bad kabad. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What else do you want to do? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I think most of the film Strange was the rip off of the comics. And the blue pants were silly. And the plot is everywhere in the hole (I can list at least five, but why bother). And why is the ancient symbol of Mardari and Kabal doubtfully looking like a hammer and a sickle? Combs has not been a strong actor, so he fits right with cheese. This is not the complaint. The full moon fans have come to expect these things and crack-leased wine has swallowed like nuts. I'm guilty ... I like this picture. <br /> <br /> If you are not a full moon, or Jeffrey combs fan ... you may want to see elsewhere. But if you like filming and stylish styles in the early 1990's, you will eat it. Fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger may like to see Brian Thompson as Wilheln, who can not see the bully as before and empower the English outside the third grade level. I did I wish I was a "second to the mortgage", but in reality everything (a "Gingerdead Man 3" really needed?) Made a signal that the company passed this one.
