After enjoying this event for years, I dreamed of seeing them again and sharing my grandchildren with them. I'm very happy to pay a small amount of money for recorded memories on DVD. Florida was a loving hard husband, the day was a great caring mother as an enormous beautiful girl and two sons day. Michael, the baby boy walks a freedom and JJ is a dress. I know these Afro-Americans dislike this show, but I know that many people can be related to it and like it should be accepted. My heart was sad when I came to know that Ester Roll passed. Today, Tyler Perry is now the lead author and I support her work, but in her plays, she did not support her work due to this kind of rude ridicule. Nobody will hear ugly things about physical appearance. The dawn started getting getting less attractive when James died. Florida re-married when it picked up a bit, but slumped when absence from the show. After all, the show was great and again I was happy to be the owner of the copy of my past parts. I try to work with some of the best times of Good Times, and I must say that they are a group that has not spread rumors. I think today's kids will enjoy this show and there is no problem sitting and sitting with my kids. Congratulations on the memorable memories of the authors, crew and stars for a few years, which again I can enjoy again without leaving the scenes. <br /> <br /> So I see over the show. Recently I have noticed something that has revived the series, but does not like them. I think Florida was somewhat harsh when the children came with money. Child care was not needed, but it was done in a way that separates the mothers of Florida. Florida where other people were not very good to talk about was looking disturbed for me now. When James was alive, this event wanted to own a fix-e-shop from James, but he never lived to see his family outside of the project, but Florida married a person who had a fix-shop. The good actor should end his time that an actor is showing a bit of a slap in the face that he accomplished all of the struggles for him. In the end, I see the show, I see the series running overtime and named "JJ". Be truthful, after everything about James everything centered around JJ. Not a bad thing, just a noticeable thing. I will not trade my DVD for any money, but time, maturity, and experience began to manage your eye after a while.
