The banned planet, in particular, represents the valuable science fiction in the 1950s. The Earth is the Stew Steel and World of Words, but do not forget that the Shakespeare's Tempest has been asked to tell a story about a planet's astronaut who has a doctor who has made a breakthrough. It's such a kind of success that is not so incredible to watch (although it set some set for 1956 and it creates a giant machine that looks quite surprising), but its emphasis on the characters and their themes is that the technology is more primitive in human nature. Leads far from the direction, even we do not know that we're channeling it. <br /> <br /> on top of the page - it shows the criteria within the first ten minutes, if acting more professionally and operated efficiently than B-time movies. A cosmonaut of an astronaut is in an operation on the Altair-4 planet, which can bring back a missing miss some decades ago. But the only left Dr. Morbis (Walter Pizadon) and his daughter, who was suddenly disabled for the attack, left everyone dead. Marbius seems to be a sincere and very intelligent man and his technique seems so impressive that under the leadership of Captain (Leslie Nilssen), astronauts can only report it to their top officials in the world. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch - the members of the crew of the ship, one night after night, some night, even when others keep an eye on and then keep the invisible electric fence, they kill it. Some of the invisible goes through easily. Meanwhile, there are probably some romance between Scorpion and Alararera and there are more deceitful ideas from the doctor: You did not come to the planet at the beginning and now you have to go. What is more impressive than this, only on the pure intellectual level, but the banned planet never forgets that its viewers should also entertain this story when getting some useful ideas. Everyone can remember Robbie Robot, and for the good reason perhaps the most unforgettable picture for me is realized on the screen that there is no profit in the crew firing, animation with red power and it looks so bad out of fantasy. <<br /> <br /> Playing from Pizadan: You do not expect him to be a villain, although the character has something in it and in this related performance, and ultimately it will make the character a lot more complex than expected. . And other performances are like a worker but nice, as a Helium-born leader, giving some great humor from Nelsen (whom I will add, providing it with the Bubna Rabbi in the funniest scene of the film). And the effects of his time were remarkable (nowadays sophisticated in a nostalgic decoration method) and music by the electronics is beautiful in his "tone" But finally it is a screenplay and alert direction from Hilkosk, which puts a groove on the rest of the B-Movie Lot. It is meant to be funny, it is deliberately so and it works. It's dramatic when it's even pretty good at its tough moment with the actor. And when we are thinking about a terrible situation, it comes slowly, does not shoved into our mouth or injected with mega-action. <br /> <br /> An inspiration for many other sci-fi films, and a fine marketer of contemplative science fiction stories and books from timing, it's a classy and entertaining classic.
