At the beginning I want to say that there are so many things that I like about the Forbidden Planet and yes, I certainly consider it a 'classic' science-fiction film for many reasons. But over the years, my opinion of the ATULATION has been topped. Less authority than Leonard Moulinne says 'Forbidden Planet' ... ... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent movies in the genre. "Aspiring? Undoubtedly, the intelligent? Depending on what part of what you are saying about it, at the time it was the most prestigious and highly budgeted science-fiction thriller, spending about $ 2 million (remember it was 1956, remember), before MGM Without seeing anything on the big screen, all stops to create an amazing, eye-popping outer space adventure. , And even employed some of the Disney Studio studios to have more special effects. "Skimming" is usually a term that is not used to describe special effects in caiaphai-movies, but it seems to be the most appropriate, even the horrible 'slow-to-indoor' picture is Disney. Cartoon image transformed by people, people who are over 8 years of age are not afraid. To see the various sets and art designs, models, dresses, etc. I did not think so much like the 'Oz Wizard of Oz', it's its nicely integrated color and extends, if not always the dominant influences, so much work has gone in that film, Regardless of their respect, they laugh and laugh. Looked 'banned planet' is astonishing. The scenery is set at a clear level, which is nicely decorated, designed for dirty sand dive complex and deeply confused of matte paintings of the planets and places in the background. It's a little bit like to see the game in the most elaborate production stage you ever see. The most trustworthy and firm footage is probably inside the complex in a larger craft, where the deep depth and width of the inner space are well-executed and reliable. But then we get the actors, holes it. Performance is almost identical to horror, though in fairness someone might say that the conversation rarely crosses the level of teenage-teenage-teenager level without adequate enough scientific passages. Even the great actor Walter Pizadon has been reduced for such a performance in Hammy, it is sometimes shameful. Space Ship Commander JJ As little as Leslie Nielsen star. Adams, and does not release an ounce of credibility or firmness of the entire film. He thinks strongly that, thirty years ago, his true intelligence was comedian, because sometimes he seems to be able to keep his line directly in his line. Each stressed reaction, whether it is anger or passion or serious meditation, looks right from a high school game. Anne Francis, very young, seems to undoubtedly undoubtedly harmless, we believe that no man has ever cared for him except his father until the spaceship is shown. (Alta Morbius, now you have a name for that.) Unfortunately, even at this young age, in Anne Francis' Butterfield 8, Elizabeth Taylor looks as virgin and naive. Here's a good story, boring comments about crew-friends Alta and Earl Holmin's 'cookie' have been buried somewhere under the kitchen's other child-related theorem. (Hollyman is very terrible. I'm guessing these actors went straight to this acting school.) Shakespeare's 'The Tempest', based on the fantastic world of death stories, craft and instruments. They are mostly 'Forbidden Planet', and keep in mind due to good reasons. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget the rest of the movie and be surprised by the concept of Disney artist underground underground complex. Is the rest of the film enough for the damage? You have to make that decision on yourself. Oh, and of course, Robbie the robot, his idea of ​​what the robots of the 10-year-old age of ten years would see and talk about. He is a joke At that place. So, for me 'forbidden Planet' is a very, very mixed bag. It is scientifically qualified to receive credit for the full wave of movies and TV shows, of which there was not at least 'star track'. But I recommend that anyone who thinks that it's a well-comed comic book more than Saif-Fi, go back and see it again.
