Like the others in this forum, when the "Phobind Planet" was given in 1956, I came to see it. This story is an interesting event that I am looking for, because young, old men, men, women, science experts and those who find such a tenant can find out they can enjoy this movie story and plot lines very well and enjoy it. In the 20th century, "Flash Gordon" set up a planet on a planet other than the serial. Leslie Nilsson's voice was somewhat weak for her role, but Walter Kabutar, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holiman and especially Warren Stevens are all very innocent. In this case there are many visual splenders, it is difficult to select favorites from film scenes. The direction of Altair-4, the starship itself, the landing of the alien surface of the planet, the descendant of the prolific stairs, the first scene of the landscape, the method of rocket step, the inside of and inside the house of Dr. Maribius, the underground complex and its surprise, surgical setup, war with the war monster , The final method of the invisible destroyer of the moon, escaped from the destroyed planet - these scenes are spectacular We have in mind, because of the outbreak of the participants have to find them. The prominent literary script of Cyril Hume was long illustrated by director Fred MacLeod Wilcox with transparency and imagination. It is a shock to understand that there is no condolence; The film is carried by the words, the story of the actor and mystery-revelation. It can be seen again and again with pleasure - I have been doing so for almost fifty years. Until this famous and well-known movie was made, no film has attempted to visualize a world beyond the world. And after decades, the ships were upset on the planet - such as the authors' fantasies failed and creates crashes. Still the best, many say. Some of the so-called intellectual leaders of this nation seem to be negative - and indeed very positive things I have been advising about who created this gem.
