In the 1950s, when someone thinks that the old mystery of science fiction films, like the black and white B movie of the Padma Bridge on 3000 television shows of science theater. Still, there was more than a movie like Out Space and Planet 9 from a movie like Robot Monster, although there was not much good in the 1950s but there was something good, although The Great The Earth studded steel, The Incredible Shooting Man, Invasion the Body graduates, War Off The Worlds, and Things of the World Nevertheless, the best group for its literacy and production value was MGM's first major attempt, it was released in 1956 in a level science fiction, Forbidden Planet. Fred M. This 98-minute color film directed by Wilcox Then the features of art special effects were shown, and the screening of Cyril Hume was praised by a screen treatment of William Shakespeare's Tempest from Screen Treatment from Irving Block and Allen Adler's Screen Treatment. <br /> <br /> The film grasped while releasing the film, its special effects on Oscars, Louis and Bebe Baron (all acclaimed as electronic tannery to avoid music guild fees), clear-matte paintings- Bonle's inspiration of Chelsea and IDE Famous monster (moty), an animation by Walt Disney studio loan an animation by Joshua Maidore It was. Even the presence of Robbie the Robot in the first film or television role was more prominent. He was also present at the film The Invibable Boy - this was included as a bonus in the DVD, as well as the 1960s scientist Faye TV on The Twillight Zone, Night Gallery, and Lost In Space - he often gets confused with his own robot, and 1984 A Camio look at the film Gremlins. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, but nicely built, and ridiculous Asides that filled the film with the taste of the mandatory 'love story' aspect. In the 23rd century, the United Planet Cruiser C-57D- is a flying sorcerer, which is the commander J. J. Was led by. Adams (Leslie Nielsen-yes she was a leading man type before her police squad), to investigate what happened to Belerofone's crew, was launched on the fourth planet of Ultyre, which was sent to the planet twenty years ago. At the end of a year's journey, they were confronted by Miranda's only survivor of the group, Doctor Edward Morbius (Walter Piszdon), Prospero stand-in-a-Filologist, his fantastic blonde daughter Altaíra (Anne Francis) - the first mini-shirt in the 1960s. , And Robi the Robot, the domestic job that is the Calibanan opponent. Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious army that the Belerophon Party killed in their first year, but was he defending it ?? Finally, it is a technically good film - especially with some back projection and matte paintings, and the absurdity of Timmy and Robi's exploitation of adult responses is a Dalian exaggeration irrational limit. Despite this, it is clear that filmmakers did not get any idea about the film's extraordinary curiosity, because it was performed directly, thus making it more fun. As the main feature? The banned planets deserve all its cudos. This is not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to get you a couple of minutes apart and Star Wars, which seems old and young, even after 20 years. In 2001 only such films: A Space ODC, Solaris, Allian, and Alliance and the first two terminator films really made this classics deeply and in effect. <br /> <br /> It is worth noting that, the 'Happy Ending' of the forbidden Planet, there are chances that the MOTI is still dormant in Alta, as well. After all, he was more brilliant nightmare than his father's daughter, and his father when MOTI invaded the ship for a second time. Also, the film wisely 'shows' the only thing and sometimes does not show Kerala, because imagination always gets more intimidating than special effects. The film uses the narrative catharsis to narrow the story, which some of the realistic films often fail. The forbidden planet was one of the rare movies that both exceeded its era - compared to other scientific films which were clearly the metaphor of the cold war. See it, and you agree, as well as a little easier to sleep. However, if you do not, there are still scenes of Anne Francis skinnydipping. That alone is timeless.
