The only thing I knew about this film before watching the Robbie The Robot was the only thing. I thought that for the 1950s it was one of the well-known Chess long lines of Saipai Flix. How i was wrong For big studios, big budgets and big production prices coming out of this era, at least, apparently, it creates a powerful rival. I am qualified with the visible word, because "War of the Worlds" is much more darker and more dangerous than the "forbidden Planet" and is like a square. In the case of the complexity and scope involved in Dr. Maribius (Walter Piszon) home and laboratory, the color presentation of the cinematography was immediate. But the only cake is the underground underground earthquake, which is served as the cave castle. It was shown that Crawl technology was even better than "Star Wars". Which reminds me, when the spectators were released for this movie, perhaps in 1977 with the experience of theater in the same surprise, or "Alliance" in 1986. I had the same effect on seeing this on a big screen TV in my living room, and I'm fairly resistant to the hyperbola. <br /> <br /> It is not too much stretched directly to visualize "Forbidden Planet". 'Star Trek' predecessor of TV series; Gene Rodnerby told herself that the movie shows the influence of the movie on the show. Followers of that short life can easily recognize the plot elements used in 'Star Trek'. The men of the United Planet Cruiser, S57-V, had to take a double under the leadership of a transporter room, when the condoms presented in the rabbi were unlikely to respond, this is a component used in the ST series at least two or three times. <br /> <br /> Where the movie was clearly turned into a brain with the full idea of ​​'ID to monster' When Morbius used his subconscious mind to protect Altyte's fourth in 1956, it must have had a unique idea of ​​Martian or other large space animals. The film used the subtle magic of this viewer to understand that the fourth defender of Mauritius Altair was a little earlier explaining commander Adams (Leslie Nilssen). <br /> <br /> You know, watching the calendar, that is not 2200 years away. This movie can be one that is actually found in other planets to explore and live. I think, though they will come with a sleeker version version of Robby.
