I think "Anyway ..." is a kick-ass movie. Really Tom Barman spent it for a few years, and it shows: Each scene is polished, there is a meaning ... I guess the majority of it is agreed. One thing is the "lack of" the story of many people who tend to criticize. I'm afraid this is embarrassing with the story of our "traditional" story. I mean: What you can achieve with a book, you can not achieve with a movie, what you can achieve with a movie, you can not achieve it by simply telling a friend. The problem is that we are using movies, series, ... as an illustrated version of this story; A visual recording of events - just as you see the news - we hope every movie will have this epic feature: a strong story with many extraordinary events. And I put the idea of ​​"abnormal phenomena": Most people watch news, movies, series, ... on television, unusual things, once-in-life situations And here, however, "anyway ...", there are unusual events, but not the same "Hollywood big explosion": The man fired, the couple stole car together ... and of course, very normal things. And that's strong: just being able to appreciate all that, that universe, that industry is And I agree that especially in the movies which can be achieved, the atmosphere created by score and photography is centralized. But not like traditional visual movies (visible blockbuster as matrix); It serves characters and deeply rescues humans. I mean, in every shot, you love Tom Berman for antwerp and urban lifestyle. And there is no point with this movie, we want to "learn" some of us; And he has no big stories to say with incredible scenario twists. He shows everyday people in daily life, he sees a city, all in their good and bad ways and say: this is ours, this is our city, it's life, let us enjoy it. So basically, "anyway ..." is not just that super govi movie, but it is the purpose of sending a message, how much stronger "messages" than most movies (it is not clear, it is also not intended). A drawback: Now, we have to wait five years to see our next Bermans, and everyone will expect a lot like this ...
