Speakers *** *** *** *** spokilarasa, released in 1956, and at that time was considered to be quite enthusiastic, Douglas sirkera over the top candy-colored meladramera is still a wonderful thing. এই চক্রান্তটি তেল সমৃদ্ধ অসহায় টেক্সাস পরিবারে উদ্বেগ নিয়ে উদ্বেগ প্রকাশ করে, যার মধ্যে রয়েছে বড় ভাই কাইল, যিনি অসহায়, দুর্বল, আহত এবং খুব মদ্যপ, রবার্ট স্ট্যাকের দ্বারা খুব স্পর্শকাতর এবং অলস অভিনয় এবং তার বোন বোন মেরিলি চরম অভিনয় করেছিলেন। The method by Dorothy Malone. Miss Malone of Texas telegraph to us through the eyes of his performance, which he uses to show our emotions, which mostly Beam (hadasanera Rock) and envy (for byakalera Lauren) each. The only actress in Melone that I have ever seen in films that first entered the house. Now do not make me go wrong, at least to say its performance is a perfect hit and the 1950s's highest camp acting act. But also terrible, because like malonera interesting and attractive, she is very good actress, and she is not merely, or worthy of the galaxy. One note on his performance. She does a mischievous Mambo and get a great montage, always like her father, played by Robert Keith, falls at her death climbing a staircase, Sirk does a strange dance as she mixes it with a crazy Malone as she undresses. Stack, who won an Oscar and Malone, (who won this award, but should not have it) are the real stars of the film, who are all violent, both sexually and otherwise at speed, the "True Star" film of Whitney Houston and Whitley flashes gray and brown. Has been dressed, which is basically dressed. These are Hudson who best friend and best friend of style and credits for best friends and buyers of the stack. Malone's love interest, which most of the movies screams to the rock and cries out. But Hudson does not want any part of her, and instead love Stack married to Békal. Nobody is very happy and nobody is happy for too long. স্ট্যাক-ব্যাকাল বিয়ের এক বছর পরে বড় সময় বিচ্ছিন্ন হয়ে যায় এবং স্ট্যাক নিজেকে অনেকটা পানিতে ফেলে দেয় কারণ সে মনে করে সে নির্বোধ, এবং বেকালকে একটি ছেলেকে প্রমাণ করতে পারে না যে সে একজন মানুষ। Cork was a very intelligent man, and there was a long and exciting career in Germany and the movie theater. Mid-1950s, his intense spectrum "women's film" or meladramasera continuation of his Hollywood career came to an end at the end of Universal. Although they are mainly adapted from the source material of Medicare or trash, they become dominant in style with Sir. There was a wonderful concept in the color and design of SAARC, which he starred in the film, which filled their impressive color spaces, who played their mental life in strange combinations and discussions, believe in shadow, and made a lot of mirror reflections. The "written" character is always peeking out of windows, sounds at the door or sneaking around. So in the end, after a lot of violence, an abusive assassination, a miscarriage and more succinct film concludes with the final and shocking scenes of "resurrection" and a mall-rolled case is amended, a small oilseed
