Director Douglas Sikk once said that there is very little distance between high industry and trash, and the crash trash is closer to the industry. This statement completely defines its cinema, it is a unique unique work that includes classic adaptation, adventure and war movies, Western and certainly its famous melodramas. <br /> <br /> Sikk's melodramas were very sound, as with the music drama. The music sets the tone for its expertise and his brush has a strong image on the screen turned into a canvas, with every stroke (also in a pictogram). But it is not life, but its representation, imitation of life. On the contrary, Sikk did not try to show the reality. His generation directors use the best of all the technical devices provided to make artificial differences from Hollywood (most notably the technicians) from the practical thing. Let's remember that his golden time combined with the time when Hollywood movies pay attention to social dramas (Blackboard jungle, rebel without any reason). Squeak always knew that the movie wanted to be something else. <br /> <br /> Another summary of this summary is given in brief: 'You can not reach or touch reality. You just see reflection. If you try to understand happiness, your finger will just fill the glass. I deny anyone in the air to count the reflected mirrors and the amount of images present on the screen. End up until one end. <br /> <br /> Therefore, there is no difference between the real and its false copies where we are full of an iron. Someone can say that Handy is real people. The city is also not realistic, the oils pumped in the affected oils. So acting in these states, the decor is fake, the trick is visible. Everything is done a little bit off of the limit (for example, Dorothy Malone sex conversations with the oil tower). Sir was criticized and radioactive at the same time. <br /> <br /> "Corners are the guiding thoughts, its philosophy of light." We follow the path of life in a geometric way and in a traditional way, both in the light and shade, in the case of the Halalis House, the spiral staircase connected with different levels. Works in strict terminology. A house that is similar to a tomb, can encourage any team. From the morning light, the stars in the darkness of the night Zedi's progress has been made, Sikk's photography has become an extended state of its character, and so is the color of the clothing they wear. Thus, the drama includes every element in the service of the director's craft. <br /> <br /> Sir, Bender 'because he had tied the standard material attached to his style and purpose. Writing is a good example, it will not work in any other way. <br /> <br /> Another director using similar techniques was like Frank Tashlin 50's comedy, which was for Sycor Maildrama. , TV sets, junkboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners, etc. I think their film is judged differently by their contemporary audience. The game was played by both sides, so it was in the camp. Now we consider them as "counter" or "intertwined", because we are no longer the visitors. Because of this, Todd Henes's respect 'Fergus to Paradise' becomes a pastiche, because it reproduces the work of SAARC nowadays, so that nothing has happened in it. Then the painting that hangs in the Sacch Art Gallery is discussed by Julian Moore and the garden discussed in the above picture. <br /> <br /> Sirak was able to understand Melendram completely. There was always unchanging character (here Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall) against whom he could gather a series of divisions. His balance with anthreatis is remarkable and surprisingly we are not the root of the divided letters, because they are very interested in SQK. When Robert Stack flows flat with the hypothetical comforts of the world below them and blows the 'Taptus' lernen bakal (obvious Faustian echoes) we are also fascinated with it, just as we have the little sister of Satan nymphomaniac painfully stimulated with his past <br /> < br /> Sir's universe studio often can not be 'happy ending'. Actually they're just great work. Squeak fell in love with the Greek tragedy, and his days of Dukes felt pre-painful. So the final court scene fits well and it must be remembered that the full movie has been called flashabas, so we know very quickly that the sudden revolt of the tragedy will suddenly occur. <br /> <br /> It was pointed out that many matches in the written text on the wind with the Sea of ​​Godfather. I absolutely agree and I'm not sure that Parallel Accessory is relevant. Both of them shared the old powerful father's theme to try to keep his empire under his protection during his family's security. The painted mood of Robert Stack has a remarkable physical similarity with Jimmy Ear's Sony Corleone. Fighting with his sister's male friend is the same. Non-sons, in which old people believe in him, both families bear the name of their city, both of them are common in movies. Even the gate gives access to the property and details surrounding the house covered by the pages, it also indicates that Coppola has written a mind in the air while establishing his masterwork. Because both films work on power matters: Acquisition of power, its manipulation and succession (even the ruthlessness of Kyle Headley, which makes the cyclone faster, connects the central theme of the issue with ease, in which case weakness in sexual power). Another great film that uses police and American life with power is Cain Cain. None of the first matches between Wales and Siracco films will be considered, but there is a lot of good, starting with the petrol business as the source of family fate and Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), as Charles Foster, as his father is alive, is accepted by a teacher. Surprisingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) played both Wayne and Kane's father. This detail can not be an event. <br /> <br /> This wonderful director carries a highlights, style and tactics, ruthlessness and perspective, a nice composition written in every aspect of air. Some people say that this is his best film. In my opinion, 'glorious emotions', 'all the heavens allow', 'tomorrow is always there' and 'imitation life' is just as good. And for those who put the SAARC in Dallas or Dynasty, I'm happy to finish them.
