I saw this movie first in the liberation war in 1987 and my colleague was very influenced by the combination of the white man innocent people and the unwillingness of the outside world. /> <br /> Especially the movie was Steve Biko's funeral, at that time, South African songs had more vigorous and hard hit. I have long believed that this movie has achieved what someone else has achieved - which is happening in South Africa to open the eyes of the world. I consider myself a general right-minded and I can not judge how this movie can change my whole thinking about South Africa, but how white people understand black people. I have never seen any difference in color or religion, but after seeing this picture, I changed my life physically and lived mainly in black countries for the past 17 years and many people would be able to rise above their current living standards and that they would not be considered as possible. I can honestly say that the greatest award I have received - I have contributed to my own small system and resolved a little balance. But if more people think like me and can actually help without black people reward, the entire black population of this planet will be a little better. <br /> <br /> I challenge someone to cry on right thinking freedom and feelings of your heartfelt feelings from beginning to end do not feel that you were shot dead in Sharpeville for refusing 700 schoolgirls to learn African, Steve Bichor's stupid killing, The champion for the rights of his own people, and then, finally, realize that it is only a young man Not ra, even though it is a great, even though it really happened, and less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then see you can go later and party hard. I could not I was very upset to tell the truth. This is a great film hallmark. Sir Richard Attenborough's intention was to get this message about South Africa. Of course he has earned it. If you do not support the apartheid. God will help you.
