What a brilliant film. I must admit it very ambitious, with the subject. It's a very long film in less than two and a half hours. But these pointer errors are in any way. Crimea Freedom, despite minor flaws, is a powerful, moving and compelling film that awakens South Africa to frighten the story of black activist Steve Biko. It is true, the first half is stronger than the second in terms of psychological effect. People have complained that this movie is not too much fool, it's not too much of a fool. I can be wrong, but this is Biko's story, although it has been said from Woods's perspective, so Woods is an important character to highlight the story of Bocco to the world. <br /> <br /> The freedom of action looks visually amazing. It was a visible banquet in show-stopping cinematography and stunning South African scenes. The opening scene is shot particularly brilliantly. George Fenton's music brought real dramatic weight to most of the scenes. It was subtle in the second half scene, but stirring the scenes in the crowd and dramatic. The scripts were of great quality, courtesy scenes with Baiko were enough to make you feel truly realistic. The vendor was passionate about the first half as the main focus, whether it was a South African citizen or a police attack on Bicker's death. Donald Woods carries a mental punch completely about the second half, but how it is shot, performed and written. And as well as indeed there are parts that are suspicious. <br /> <br /> The performances were completely customizable, from the smallest to two leads, there was not a bad bad performance. Despite the lenses, but the performance attracts you so much, it is so easy to forgive. Among the more extraordinary performances, Denzel Washington provides a truly attractive performance, and Kevin Clayne shows that he might be good at drama as he comedy, he gave a decent fine performance to match with Washington. And the two men chemistry do not waste faith and false falsehood. Penelope Wilton Donald's wife is beautiful as Wendy, and she is however a great actress. Supporting acting out, and some may be bias, the two stood for me. One was Timothy West, who played the role of Captain Daveet. The other was the brilliant kilo-role, like the greatest John Kro Krüger. Lord Richard Attenborough's focus was focused and persistent as usual. <br /> <br /> Overall, really amazing movies. Aspiring and long-term, but not mandatory, strong and achingly never moving. Lord Richard Attenborough is a definitive winner, and much more worthy of being appreciated. 10/10 Bethany Cox's Bazar
