In some ways, Crimheland's anger exceeds the death of Siegfried, but it also loses the glory of that film. This one plot is more solid than the first, which is quite amazing. The second half of the actual poem is very slow and very difficult for movement, until you can get climatic war scenes; Only good for the Iliad Long and Harboon Hunts hug Nibelungennyad's poet-compiler does not know Hun's right from the right hand and as a result, they are less or less like Burgundians. For example, although the poet explicitly described Atel as the description of the United Nations (although Crimild's main concern, Roijger tries to persuade him to marry him), when he goes to Hunland, his first thing is massed. Here the Huns are definitely warm; They are almost like the cave. Their screenplay is pleasing, especially Oral, Jassa, with two wonderful scenes. Etzel's character has been given more weight. He's a lot more horrible. Everything he does is his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harb are skilled for developing Suspension, especially with the banquet scene, which is the interplay of Verbal's second performance with an amazing effect. However, like the nature of this half-poem, the amazing technological achievements of the film, in most cases, the Ethel Hall is burning inside the Niwalunga, where it is absent for it, without a surprising sequence. Harbow is the one thing that will change in the end that I want to do. SPEAKER: In poetry, after arresting Heilbrand Hagen and Gunther, they are in jail. Crimhild visited Hagen in his cell and claimed that he hid where he was hiding. He refused and he frustrated his brother. When Hagen still refuses, he called her. Hildbrand (or perhaps Dietrich) is so disgusting that a woman told to kill a great warrior that he instead called her "Devil Women". Etzel, he is very weak in poetry than here, says something stout: "Ah!" I understand why they bring Hillberbrand from the castle, why they want to keep time and space unity; To maintain the prison settings of two deaths, the film will be very anticlimatic. I understand why Hildburgh did not kill Crimild: his character is very low here; His name is only mentioned once. But Crimhild has killed himself, providing the food to the audience instead of just challenging the acceptance of Brinhold's death from the Icelandic source. The point of the poem is that Crimild's wrath should be turned into a more pure temple. Here, we only have to die for her lost love. It's not as interesting.
