Canto 1: Human Crimild Morning Over Siegfried and How King Atlia congratulated her by her ambassador Rudiger von Becher: Crimild (Margaret Shaw) insisted on the head of the murder of her favorite husband Hagen Aden (Hans Adalbert Slato), but his brother, King Gunther Theodore Luos), rejected his request. When King Otley of Hoons swears by his Ambassador Rudigar von Becher, he swore an oath by his king that no one would ever blame him. The wealth of Nabulungen is hidden beneath the lake in Henan Tronge. Canto 2: How he moved from Homeland and how he was taken from King Otlia: Crimild brought some earth from the death of Sigfried and traveled to the court of Hun, where he welcomed the spirit, Sworn promises by the oath of defense. Canto 3: How King Atitala seceded Rome, and how did the Kremlin call his brothers: Crimea rescues a child boy, Atida returns to his kingdom and asks Crimea to make him the happiest. Canto 4: How Crimild has accepted from his brothers: Crimland advised to keep Hagen Tronhead head, but his brothers again kept their loyalty to their friend. Do not accept his request. Canto 5: How Hubbles celebrated Summer Solstice with Nabelong: Cristheld asks Hatten to kill Hagen Trón, but rejects it according to the law of the desert. The guest is considered holy. Krameland offers Homs gold for the head of Hagen Tronge. There is a fight, and Hagen killed Atitila's son in the train. <br /> <br /> Canto 6: Nabulungen's Trouble: Harun fight against Nilelungen, but keep them in siege inside the eighty-storey fortress. Crimhild Hagen promised to reach Tran, that they could reach Hagen Tran, but his brother Tundur says that the Germans are faithful with their friends. <br /> <br /> Canto 7: The end of Nibelungen: After the death of Rudigar von Becheran, Gisellar and Garnot, Hagen Troj and Cave are finally captured. Crimhild killed Hagen Trong, his revenge ends with the destruction of Nibilunga. <br /> <br /> The end of the poetic act of Siegfried by "Crimild retaliation" is also said through seven dramatic cantos. The first part is a magnificent story of fantasy, adventure, romance and betrayal; The second part is a dramatic story of hatred, revenge and loyalty. With the perfect development of the characters, the strong screenplay, the excellent performance of Cast and the great side of the Fitz's Lang make another epic of the time before it. Margarete Schön is a completely different woman, obsessed and rewarded with his determination to revenge. The wear that Kriemhild wears is very impressive, and its performance is based on her face and appearance. I was a little disappointed with the reaction of Attila after the death of my only son, since I found it very passive. My vote is eight Title (Brazil): "Os Nebulaungos? Part 2: A Vinganka de Crimshield" ("The Nibulungen Part II: Crimild's Revenge")
