Russian animation pioneer Oladisa Starevich's "Measure Keynmatographiegogo Operator" ("The Cameraman's Revenge" or "The Revenge of a Kinematography Cameraman") is a strange humorous and amazing human story about jealousy and betrayal around a beetle wedding, which is the joy of early animation. Brimming with extremely effective stop-motion dolls and no shortage of imagination. <br /> <br /> m And Mrs. Beatle has a completely strangled marriage, and both wished for more tension in their lives. Mr. Beatle's desire can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer of the "gay dragonfly" night club, which he went to while taking a "business trip" in the city. He understands only one. This dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is a coworker who is stupid that Mr Beatle stole his lady and as a fate, he is a movie cameraman. Violent Pallet is known to Mr. Beatle and his hotel room where he exploits them through the Kihol. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Mrs. Beatlow likewise earned a friend to raise the tension in her life. . She is an artist, and before she sit on the couch for some attendance, she brings a painting for an appearance. At that moment, Mr. Beetle returned to the house and returned the whole philosophy to the witness. Mr Beatle's front door bash-like, climbers up artist Chimney, but he did not escape on venting his first anger and disappointment without Mr. Beetle. <br /> <br /> There is a certain mockery in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle is liberal. He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie." He was generous enough to forgive him, and still he was equally unfaithful just a few minutes ago. At this time, however, we still did not forget the jealous movie cameraman who was planning to take revenge, and when he was acting in the presence of Mr. and Mrs. Beatel there was no real surprise. Suddenly, the movie that they are enjoying, suddenly Mr. Footage of Beetle's helplessness, and an angry wife suddenly hit the head on the head before being frightened and angry through the theater screen in search of grass. <Br/> <br /> In the final scene, Mr. and Mrs. Beatle, now spent more time imprisoning each other in jail, when Mr Beatel tried to take his final revenge. We hope, in fact, hope "Beetle's home life will be less exciting in the future?" This image can be a mere story of a small insect species comings-and-goings, but more than Starewicz is contacted. Is not this a story about beetles ?? This is a story about us. And it's surprisingly correct, is not it?
