It is a must for animation buffs, but even the general audience will enjoy cameraman reven, a very basic example of 'Pixelation' by the hard working pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Styriek and his helpers saved the way for the tail of Willis O'Brien, George Pala, Ray Harhausen and the modern digital impact makers, using a cast of flexible insect statistics to tell this story. <br /> <br /> Cameraman Revenues is about 10 minutes long, but packs in a lot of fun stories such as the nightclub from their home, hotels, movies, and finally followed by a great deal of two beetles from the prison cell. The nightclub consists of two short dance numbers (performed by a frog and a dragonfly), a trimmer in between a beetle and a sharp fish, and a large-scale diary of the movie, which ends with a projector bursting with flames. Early expansions began for 1912, even John Bray and Winchester Mac even started, and Walt Disney was still in grade school! <br /> <br /> It is also very interesting to remember that a silent movie can be the story of the title card being called. I offered two versions of this video to two video companies and saw their back-to-back and even though the content of the film is almost the same, but two different sets of intertitles tell two very different stories. (And a plot outline above is still a third story, which suggests that there is no other version.) The British Film Institute print, which is the impersonation of the interim title, the two siblings Beatle, every secret marriage, which secretly discloses this information to each other Hearer of their late father's fate. Another, Russian print, tells each other a simple story of married beetles who are guilty of unreliable. In the Russian version, Mr. Beatle visited his girlfriend in the "gay dragonfly" nightclub, when in the English version brother Bill Beatle visited his wife at Music Hall. Personally, I like to facilitate - and spicier - Russian stories; The BFI version tries to break too many plots about what could be a common story, and some rims are somewhat painful. However, in a presentation, Cameron Revenz is a delightful movie and beetles, yellow submarine features that will make another great animated work an ideal lead.
