Page 3 One of these is the social fraud of honey dealers. The film is compulsory, however, like most movie buffs, it is unilateral and extremely frustrating. This image is all about tabloid journalism, Gossip, celebrity. The film reveals the life of socialism, whose lifestyle is dangerously barbarous, weird and annoying. They party, they do not care anything except fame, they plan the party in the funerals, they gain ambitious and higher fame for more money, they will do something for the media to get the right creator, their name is bravely named the daily social column "Page 3" Famous, huge photos that will be the center of human discussion. They want attention, and the hypocrite. The film industry has been shown as shameless, the counter couch is a common feature among filmmakers. There, our lovely heroine, a young social column reporter, Madhavi Sharma, was cast. These people of Mumbai's Elite depend on their articles, and if you want to mention you in his article, he is the right person for friendship in these groups. Later, we know in this film that those who are Madhubi's friends are not even different from the people of this upper society. It was difficult for me, though the film is undoubtedly brave and it is interesting to find related topics. <br /> <br /> The movie's average music. The only passable song "Kiton Azib" and "Hujur-i-Ala", respectively, performed two Saurak Rani, respectively, in Lata Mangeshkar and Aasha Vaishali respectively. Otherwise the soundtrack is bad. A song that was especially awesome was "Filmy Vera Filmy". The film's writing is quite good. The second half is much better than before, because it becomes more important and reveals more important things like terrorism and child abuse. That's where the film will be appreciated. It is tragic that people like to ignore such crimes, and it was very easy to relate to the disappointment of Kankana Sen Sharma's character. She was excellent throughout the film and her performance of some scenes was particularly impressive. Atul Kulkarni was very small, but he did complete justice. Bomb Iranian as the editor of the newspaper is firm. Madhavi Sassi Roommate Pearl is like a charmed mother, who is married to an elderly man, and honest enough to accept it. The end of the movie is really well-received, and provides some relief after an unexpectedly tough action. Page 3 A good movie, it's interesting and occasionally running, but its level of interest and its general quality are fierce by its extremely, negative, and rich and negative illustrations.
