I'm not that fun about the summaries and votes! Video distributors have packed it as a common '80's Weaveroft movie, but this is the worst parody of what you can imagine, what has been done for the horror movie "Blazing Saddles" did for the West. Good, bad, stupid, weird, etc. I've seen mostly comedy (usually blurred), and I think comedy will be the toughest style for filmmakers and actors - it's just the right kind of thing to make it successful, and its part is good There are ideas. "Full Moon High" brings good ideas - many people can easily shy away from "Biman" and "Naked Gun" Jakar / Abram Team. Ed McMahon's performance is the best in John Brian-style right-wing cracktack. Jokes, non-siftyuras, wilaxes and ward-plays are literally throwing everything, including non-stop and kitchen sinks. The ferrous tone "back to the future" Some people (that is, almost every critique here) have been blocked by anarchy attitude here, but I have almost smiled, and this is a movie that you never know will be the next transit of insane situation. B-movie superhero Larry Cohen did not create such a direct comedy, so one thought that he was ready for a lost time by a joke and his associate could remember. If Mel Brooks made it, critics would write it a comic composition, but it was created by Cohen, it was canceled as a scull. Critical reviews this movie are very "silly." Sally has been told? What is supposed to be a comedy - serious?! However, I can think of this movie more loud than I can. Cohen makes fun of everyone - includes himself with a lot of mention of low-cost filmmaking brands; He and the actors certainly can cause a complete blast to make it. <br /> <br /> Humor is very mailed Brooks-ish, and anyone who likes Jewish humor or loves many B-movies (especially awful), will love it. Trust me: Finding the film is not hard, and as long as you accept it for it - until it laughs without any evidence of the social value of a roller-coaster - you really enjoy it! One sidenote: This movie has to go down in history, because Bob Sage is a subject which has played sometimes (though in a nutshell) it was actually fun.
