I do not know why people can be dropped from indie films in low budget, but I enjoyed this as a martyr fierce fan. There are not many urban terrible movies, so when I looked up, the headline alone highlighted my curiosity. So I decided to test it and I was surprised ... it's not too long, you played a low budget indie horror movie with a great acting and a good story. Is it a low budget? Yes Can you say that it is less budget? Yes ... but once you start watching the film, you get involved in a story that does not matter. I like the music very hip-hop and the soundtrack is beautiful! I do not know what to do with this all bad review for this photo. All I hear is "never bad movie". Is this idiots out there in every movie? There are thousands of movies, how can you classify someone as "bad"? A movie "jababis" like "jababis" may be my worst movie, but I can not say that this is the worst movie ever, because I did not see every movie there. The following lines are probably from these sub-cities who gave bad reviews of this movie. Listen, if you do not like minority, urban movies, gaito movies, hip hops, why do you see such movies ??? !!! Knowing you do not like stuff like this? Of course, this is a horror movie but it's not just a horror movie, but it's a URBAN horror movie of a multi-cultural based cast. I do not like Dawson's CRICK or OC TV shows, they've been able to beat me. "Garden State", "Wedding Crushers" and "I Heart Hockey" movies have me SUCK. I'm a guy from New Jersey and this show and movie sucks me. Why? Because I can not communicate with them. They do not want to be interested in me. Just common sense Believe me, I will never see Garden State 2: Garden Salad, Wedding Crash 2: Here is a series of steps to torture you from being slim for the first time and I'm disappointed. Now back to this movie, about the comments of St. 405, I do not know if he was smoking or whether his drunken father saw the movie "stupid" he did not see the movie but to me, everyone worked well. Ricky played the actor (I forgot his name) did a great job. I was an aspiring actor himself who took the theater in his school and I had to make a game where I could cry and not be comfortable in any scene, so I offered to actors who can make a mental scene and pull it off. Anywho, I loved this movie and did not listen to these actors and directors before but betting you I would now be looking for their stuff and if they are reading this, bring sequel !!! I do not have anymore Jerez representative!
