Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come to play and even the DJ Hood boys can not stop them. This low budget, direct-to-video production seems to be compatible with dead land, which is at George A. The latest custom of the famous Jimmy series of Romero. Gate settings and hip-hop soundtracks may provide additional appeal for internal-city Gorer Hounds. Ricky (Carl Washington) works on a medical research facility while raising his younger brother Zerain (Brandon Daniel). But in their tract house, the teenager, disturbed by the Macranie-o-cheese diner, will be hanging out with street friends Marco and Kev. Apparently Latino gang bangers do not have much for African American high school dropouts on this side of the exercise without drugs and scuffle with homers. Ricky plans to sell his late parents' house and move within the castle valley, this is a more middle-class and potentially safe environment. Unfortunately, before this can happen, leaving the Jermaine dead in the verandah shooting by a driving. Dreaded attack Ricky tried a last great disappointment. He asked his lab assistant Scottie to steal some experimental cells for the examination of rats to be tested and stolen. When a double dose fails to revive Germanin, there is no option except 911 numbers. But funny thing happens in the way of funny brains. The boy is like an explosion, a resuscitated zombie, shouting the ambulance driver at night and rushing out at night, being revengeful and hungry for fresh meat. Feeding frenzy infects more victims and at the end of the night the Gulf of East is alive and blood isolated between a war zone. Hoder's style is seen more than its share of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Halsell Gordon Lewis to the Charles Band. But low budget does not mean bad movies. Consider the programmers of Val Lewton (cats, people of leopard, the islands of the dead), Roger Kremen's Po Quitis, Romero's Night of the Living Dead and John Carter's Halloween. There are more with talent and ambition than the meaning of difference between memorable and horror. Living Dead's Hood is more fun than the recent high value horrors worth millions of dollars. Her charms have her charms. Actually inexpensive films actors wear their own clothes in real settings. Here new houses have been painted in the neutral matte tones in the tract houses, Douglas Cork lent gratitude to the bourgeoisie as the Melodramus as heresy as tyrannical. Lines seem more improvised than scripts. "What do we do now?" Just keep your eyes open for any "ordinary F N" thing. " Ricky and Scottie called their boss, who called the former military in Rome. "I have a problem that we need to take care of quickly." Merc said, "Do not have a problem, grabbing his phone and grabbing his gun.All have guns, and even fighting zombies when they are in their cell phones, who are not nowadays? Information is exchanged with natural understatement." What happened? " It got it with some crazy puffs. "" Deja Fn. "It's park parking again. ..." Ricky even has to blow up her stupid girlfriend, saying, "She's out of hand." Most zombie cine Unlike the mother, this one provides a purpose for greatness. Jaréne's gang bangers who takes him to retaliate, who turn round. It is an urban film production that refers to its own social commentary, the near guerrilla production offers the future of the low budget horror, which reflects real life rather than supernatural clichés. Brother Quiroz, who has a trademark of their name as a new awaiting movement, could inspire others to tell stories arising from personal experience rather than imitation of Hollywood products. Considering their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheaper but technically acceptable feature about their known people. Photographer Rocky Robinson completed the work, Eduardo Quiroz's concert attendant is not much easier than hunting themes, and Familia and Hip-Hop songs in The Darkroom add air. The results are not really exhilarating if committed. They are learning their skills and like Louis and Wood, who have not got any good, they will see the next.
