Since the beginning of the film business, almost "race" pictures have been made. Almost entirely black-and-white films have been created for the Gateto Theater by a separate Garib Fertilizer studio (often not owned by Kakasian). In the growing urban explosion of the 1970s, this concept was revived with a wave of "Blacksplash", which was made for urban green houses, which enhanced black actors and awakening atmosphere in traditional B-movie plots. This trend spreads even horrible features, titles like BlackLine, BlackInstain and Sugar Hill provide blackface versions of giant values. And it does not die with the closure of most urban theaters ?? This has gradually become easy at the video age and it's running with low-budget direct-to-DVD releases like this. Ed and Jose Quiroz's Living Dead took the latest popularity of horror films for hip-hop viewers. Ricky (Carl Washington) is trying to keep his younger brother Jermen (Brandon Daniel) out of trouble after the death of his parents, a young scientist from Oklahn. After shooting with a drive driven by a German drug-seller, Ricky used his form of restoration of the cells that he was working to save for the grief. Apparently his efforts were in vain, and Jermaine's body was taken away. However, the body does not ever throw in the morgue ?? Re-animated as a meat hungry zombie in Jordan Kroner's van. He killed the driver, then went after the gang that killed him, wherever he spread the transmission of transport. Ricky, thinking of the attack on gangsters from Kevin (Derek Taylor 2) and Marco (Raul Martinez) of Jarine's friends, Ricky believed that he was trying to cover Zermaine and cover the whole subject in front of him and his partner Scott. (Chris Angelo) They were arrested for the disaster caused. However, they soon find that it spreads very rapidly to control them infectious. Keep things simple, the quirge team manages to create a little bit of fun entertainment where they do not appear in the point where things look lazy. Along the way, they added some interesting bits of business. When the first one is faced with a zombie, Scott Ricky said, "shoot him like a head in the movie!" ?? How to kill zombies is effective as no way of discovering. The first head shot does not kill the brain, an extra curve is added, adding the interval of the viewer. Another good point is that the soundtrack only limits the use of sub-aminem style wrap, which contains "vague" music all the time.
