Most bad reviews of this website blame "living dead" for one of the following reasons (or more): 1) It is a low-budget movie that is practically no role; 2) It was so bad that I let myself laugh. 3) It was something I could do myself. I will not discuss the first point because it is a very intelligent thing whether you want less budget and independent stuff or not. But I must say that I do not understand people renting such a movie as "living dead" and when they do not see them as romantic comedy with the London Lohan or Matthew Mac Confort, they are astonished. . As the second point, I do not really see what's so wrong with the smile. I personally like to laugh, and like movies that make me, they can be hello or horrible flickr. When "Hummerhead" I saw this girl walk in a puddle and shark came out of her eating man, I just cracked up. And I'm grateful that the director made such stupid scenes and gave me ten seconds pure fun. Frankly, smile just thinks me good, though it seems that many authors are writing reviews that look at it as a bad thing. When you watch the movie you just want to feel sad and frightened, "living dead hood" and low budget flick is certainly not for you. But please do not come and tell us that you feel ridiculous. We already know it. This is probably why we decided to watch the movie in the first place. However, it is the third point that leaves completely annoying. A few years ago people came out of the theater to watch the "Blair Witch Project", which is more basic, boring, plottish, and bad-acting films (and takes their own path very seriously) than "living dead hood". Moreover, half a million people visit YouTube every day to see the small films of "Lonelier 15", which can do everything with a beautiful girlfriend, a room and a webcam! You can find out there even more amateur videos do not talk about. Why do people blame those clips for bad acting and non existing existing plot? I think this is one of the best things in our time that everyone with affordable technology and friendly friends can create their own movies and share them with people of similar interest. And those who make their weekend badly damaged (still refreshing) friendship with their friends, feel a special compliment for them, instead of shopping in malls or playing video games alone. Attack your bias and B-movies, leave your feelings like smart movie critics and you will see that "living dead hood" will make you as fun to your creators! If you have a taste for refreshing and enjoyable home-horn movies, then I have "Zombiez", "The Goods of Edendel", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "The Basement in the Basement", "The Worst Awesome Movie Made "," radic hair "," Jesus Christ Vampire-Slayer "and" Practice ".
