When I look at the preview of this movie I think and do not think too much about it. It was one of the movies that you see in the preview, its stunning, and when it comes you can not hear anything and miss it completely and your memory does not completely correct it in the absence of absence. Man on Fire was one of those films. I was a weird one for the rent, and I decided to rent my house's valuable blockbuster in my hand. I saw it, and witnessed such a beautiful movie. It does not look like anyone else ... the drama and tasks combined to create something remarkable. Cinematography, directed by Tony Scott, is very good and unique in contrast to another film. Subtitles can explain something like listening to real voices and the music is so playful for settings. I went to this movie and ended up buying it as soon as I could scurry out of the family and go to buy the best. I have seen it many times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) This lost mind has an extraordinary job of making people with no reason to live with humans. Dakota Fanning (PETA) gave life back to her with her reluctant love for her. They become bonds and good friends, until he is kidnapped in the part of the virus, La Harmandad by notorious gangsters. Chris (Danjeel) Dakota tells Mom that he is going to kill Peter by threatening Peter for fear of death. This is where CRC really shows the person that he will become. He used Peter's abduction and his contacts from the hospital in Crisis and started looking for one. Christopher Wacken told the AFI agent that "a man works in the industry, whatever he does ... cook, whatever. The death of the art of the art of ... draws his superiority over him." He is a unique partner and friend of Christie. Roll game. After finally following the brother of "The Voice" La Harmandand leader said. The CRC organized a meeting for trading with Pita and Voices brother himself. In the end, Chris was shot dead earlier, and his wound became infected and there was extensive damage to the blood. This is a very sinister and sad end, but a great one. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable blur. The depth of the story, everything from the beginning to the end is interpreted, and in no way or manner all corny nothing.
