Kidnappinging in Mexico seems like me as a phone number, so if you are rich you need a good bodyguard to keep you and your children safe. A couple rented body guard named Creasy to protect their adorable baby batter. First of all, their relationship is a bad fiance, but after a while, the crassie makes the girl easy and two parents / daughter builds relationships. One day, Pita was abducted and the cricketer was injured in this manner. When he woke up, he saw that the girl was murdered in ransom negotiations, which went wrong, and in this way Crassis blamed it for death and ensured that they were brought to trial. <Br /> <br /> - Keep some tilalon near you while watching this movie, because after watching it you have to take some. I really love the story to take revenge because most movies generally want retaliation, but in reality they can never go so far as to show that like a movie they show that a person who thinks it can go as far as possible. The only problem is the annoying visual style, which makes you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I'm really sorry for the cinemographer because I'm sure he came into this film and thought he was filming an action movie and probably all got excited, instead he got stuck as a DP for a filmmaker who believes that the whole film should be done by demons Look like possessed. I did not think I was limited to restricted scenes for some action scenes, but when it spreads through the entire movie, we have some problems. The same annoying style was recently used in "Domino" and with this film many styles have hit the other awesome movie. <br /> <br /> - I feel sorry for another person in this movie. Soon the great Harry Gregson Williams, it was impossible to compose music from magical paintings. However, Williams wrote some modest music for the movie, but I'm sure the music is even better if the movie is more stable. The term is misinterpreted by the film and instead of increasing the film experience, it seems as though you were punished. Excessive use of subfifers is annoying every 5 seconds or so you can hear an overwhelming lower end sound from it. I do not know why squares needed a bomb attack by subfifers but it really took you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> - An animal in spite of being visible in the film. Little Fanning has done another great work here and at the end of the film the scene broke my heart. No one will cry when the movie ends but they will die inside. Denzel Washington breaks his rules in this movie and not any action movie with fortunately, for him he gets a great character game. The person who lost his life and everyone was frustrated, it seems that his intention is not a new one, but Washington has come up with some heart and emotions for the flat character. I really love him to feel passion and to be a lonely learner of retaliation revenge is becoming a cool instrument for how we love him. Radha Mitchell starred on Marc Anthony's wife, and she does not hate the movie as well as two reasons. J. Laura's husband came and went to the movie but she really does not stand out quite a lot. Mickey Rake and Chris Walken have the lowest role in the movie but they will have an impact. <br /> <br /> One such thing that makes me laugh is how the filmmakers try to make macro makeup to portray Mexico with the help of a craft and it is a fine city at the end of the movie. If you ask me if that's too late for a little bit. Hopefully, Tony Scott is done at this stage of deliberate attempt to destroy his career, because a filmmaker can make him look more talented and better.
