When you see Christopher Walken as part of a professional hit man for a movie, you are in something else - and he's not even one of the bad guys! Although it can work with some intriguing tricks here and there, "Man on Fire" is a common effective crime drama that is freely from deceit to absolute cruelty to voice and only in every voice imaginable. <br /> <Exclaimer CIA, a former CIA murderer of DNL Washington, Brazil, who recently left the business and demanded some release for the sins he committed. So far, she is looking for a bottle and biblical answer and is not well with both. As soon as the film is opened, the Mexico City has destroyed a series of strong and well-established operations, destroying Mexico City, which is probably responsible for the police forces determined to maintain law and order in the police force. Creasy is the daughter of a wealthy business owner who fears for her safety properly, takes the position as athletics. The first third of the film is Cristie and her screaming beat, who is devoted to the growing friendship between sweet little girl, slowly but surely, on her way to the strictly heart and love of her, The last two-thirds of the film becomes an Avenging Angel Mellodrama, because the CRC systemally is responsible for a tragedy that happened in the beginning of the story, finding and eliminating everyone. Based on the novel, Quinnell, "Man on Fire", written by Brian Hallgland impressively writes and is an excellent-handwritten image powered by Tony Scott, which does not move away from its raw material. For the purpose and purpose of all of us, it is at risk of identifying torture and murder (admittedly disrespectful) to the person who has gained recognition from the people. These scenes of murder and violence are both intense and suspicious, although they work on the border during exploitation. The quiet, intimate moments are better in the first part of the movie, between the cricketer and the pitaray. Washington and Wonderful Dakota Fanning establishes a normal, accessible relationship that helps to follow the stage for chaos and unrest. <br /> <br /> The Washington Film carries the movie with the minimum quality of its goodness, which understands our character. If an intellectual level is intelligent, then what he is doing. In addition to the two leads, Wachen, Mark Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Roura, Rachel Ticotin and Ziancarlo Jyannini have strong performances. But Washington and the decorating Miss Fanning steal the show. <br /> <br /> "Man of Fire" got better with about half an hour of running time, but it is still better-than average crime thriller.
