Although a rehabilitation activity has been freed (Kil Bill Vol 2: The Pischer; Walking Tall), the man works in the fire, as well as it always thanks to the greatest evergreen Washington. Actor around today <br /> <br /> Queenell's 1980 novel (first shot in 1987 with Scott Glenn), until Washington has offered his former partner (Christopher Walken), Jack Daniels agreed to drink from a flash . Ransom is an opportunity He is hired as a bodyguard for 10 year old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of Mexican businessman Mark Antani and his American senior wife (Radha Mitchell). Although he and the first working in the fanning oil and water (not very well mixed), he really formed a bond with him, encouraged him to encourage him to swim, at the same time he tried to deal with the past ghosts. . During the detention of Fanning and the release of $ 10 million, many ties would have to be brought back to Washington's old job, and he almost died. Almost any stock action hero (Schwarzenegger, Segal, etc.), the next bleeding will be the same recurring scalac, which we have seen millions of times before. But Washington's character, though he's killing for some reason, does not particularly enjoy what he's doing. Yet he got help from a very ruthless Mexican newspaper reporter (Rachel Ticotin) to publish "La Harmandad" (The Brotherhood), a kidnapping gang responsible for the abduction of fanning. <br /> <br /> Hyper-camera work, often due to various film stock similar to headline-trend montage editing and its director Tony Scott (Top Tune; Christmas TID), but which is not unknown to him (Witness Oliver) JFK of Staff Using Sam Pacinpahara in his 60s and 70s films on MacKay) Still, Scott gets a very good performance in Washington, as well as fanning, who usually comes across more than a typical film-brat kids. Harry Gregson-Williams's Spanish Guitar Score of South-Off-Border is also enhanced by Chopin, Debussy's Soundtrack Splash and even "Blue Bay" by Linda Ronsadat's classic 1977 Country-Rock version. Though overall the film is quite violent, it's not worse than most of the last ten years of action films and overall it is much better than most.
