It was the third Muppate film and the last Jim Henson was almost too close to joining in 1990 for his premature death. The first three films to be played with famous characters were made and released in theaters before I was born. I originally saw the first and second installments of the first quarter, "The Muppate Movie" and "The Great Muppate Sipper", as a child in the mid-nineties, but did not see this third, "The Muppets to Manhattan", until April 2007. For the first time for many years I have seen his two predecessors and the 1996 "Muppette Treasure Island". The film did not disappoint me for the first time on this third issue, and after nearly three years my second visit did not affect me so much, but if not, it certainly can not go too far. <Br /> <br /> Muppets Stage Musical, "Manhattan Melody", became a big hit in their college campus. They graduate from college, so they will soon go, but they all decide to stay together and get their shows on Broadway and go to Manhattan. After their arrival, they started searching for a producer, but after a lot of rejection they finally decided to take part and find a job. Most of them leave the city, but Kimmit is permanent, and is still determined to find the right producer and reconnect with the Mup pet gang. He got a job at a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete. The frog quickly welcomed Pete's daughter Jenny, who is an aspiring fashion designer who is currently working at the waiter's father's restaurant. Carmite is trying to reach the Starwood, now with the help of Jenny, she does not know that Mrs. Piggy is secretly in New York and is now spying on her. She started watching Kimmerit and Jenny together, and she seems to be getting closer to her, which is jealous! <br /> <br /> When I first saw this movie, it looked frustrating at first. It can be a little rushed, unfocused, and even forgotten even at the beginning. There are some interesting bits in this part of the film, such as the animal chasing a woman through the audience on the campus, but for a short time, the film was happier to me than its two predecessors. Fortunately, it was not long before that changed. Most of the films are entertained mostly with "Swing Goodbye", Muppets sang songs as part of them, and many things happen after that. Kermit and Jenny seem to be hugging two funny parts, sweet piggy's tantrums, but when I smile there were many other times, trying to hibernate with such poor Fozzie other bear. Muppets still have their common and humorous antics, which clearly help to carry the movie, such as a plot, a simple but playful for all ages. Some of the weak moments such as Muppet kids' order, and Julia Donald's performance are impossible as Jenny, but none of these problems is very important and far enough to destroy the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I want to say "Muppate Movie", the movie that started franchising in 1979 seems to be the best of the original trilogy and it seems to be the most popular opinion. This third picture is probably the three weakest, but all of them are good. Unlike "Space to Muppets", Henson's tragic transition follows the third of franchisee theatrical movies, at least "The Muppets Tech Manhattan" is still muppets! I will not go through the details of Muppets's 1999 film which was thought to be released 20 years later, because I have already explained in my review that I have received so much disappointment, and in spite of this there are some appeals, I am not clearly alone. However, every theater movie, created by the beautiful Muppets created during Henson's life, is a good entertainment for the whole family, even the second and third customs show a slight decrease in quality even directly after it.
