After the problems of Tokyo infection in the mid-1930s, Hollywood got its confidence back. Although all the technical issues of the term are resolved very quickly, it takes longer time to resolve questions about how the conversation should be shown, how they should be formed and how they should work. The informer is an important picture that can express stories in a silent moment, express energy images without ignoring the requirements of words and conversations. <br /> <br /> It's true silence leaked in the golden days of information! For one thing, many silent pictures were not so purely visual in their details, and the title was overburdened with cards. But informer talks allow the momentum to increase momentum, focus on feedback from the lecture and the shots play easily for the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> For all his accomplishments, John Ford was a filmmaker, who tried to try in terms of the proportion of the object he was interested in. If he thinks that a story was silly, he just arsed half of it. Thankfully informer, community representation, respect, working life and the most important Irish setting, which Ford liked, is one of his best works. In it, Ford only really employed very kind of shots. Is the first place ?? The streets of Dublin have entered into smoke and darkness so that their deepest depth is not seen; The dingy interior where the walls and ceilings seem to be over us. The second is the close ties to face, plain backgrounds, usually without dialogue, focusing on these people's internal conflicts. <br /> <br /> Lead Man Victor McLaughlin has completely fits into this character and in this method of filming, McLaglen's performance does not look like much, having about 90% being drunk working. But the other 10% hearty emotional, here and there in his Gypo Nolan are referred to as a moment of alcoholic clarity. Won Oscars with such performances. McLaglen is supported by a spot-on-casting cast, with no weak links. Especially Donald Make and Una O'Connor are very nice to look at, usually only seen in comic relief plays, playing direct dramatic parts for a while (though Mick's appearance has one or two jokes, the voice of the scene and most of its methods are serious). These two do not provide incredibly profound performance, as a comedy player, their contact with most viewers gives an extra note of continuity in their tragedy in their tragedy. <br /> <br /> Informer Arko, perhaps the most bold and willing to risk all major studios. Thanks to that, we were able to see an unsatisfactory story with a disgusting anti-hero in his center, which can easily be an incognito, an awful mess, instead of a Moody atmosphere and the depth of character that keeps us watchful and drawing us into our world.
