Still, in morning morning, television shows proved to be an invaluable resource for movies that I would not be able to track otherwise. At four in the morning, I got pounded from the bed to start recording 'The Informer (1935)', the fourth film of my famous film director John Ford, and one of the best. Set in the Irish Civil War in 1922, Dudley Nicholls adapted the script from the same novel Liam Frelarty. Although he was born in the United States, and was famous for his "America" ​​pictures, though Ford's parents were both Irish, he explained the direction of film management. Victor McLaglen plays Gripo Nalan, who is a girlfriend but a tsunami Rafian who has told the old friend Frankie Mcphillip (Wallace Ford) to claim £ 20 for his girlfriend Kate (Margot). During the assassination of Frankie, the Irish Republican Army, both of which were both Frankie and Zipo, started traitors behind the incident, each obvious real accused came to them and brought them closer to the real culprit. Meanwhile, Zipo has been convicted for the death of his friend's incomplete death, and in his overwhelming majority, 'The Last Weekend' (1945) rival, Don Biram, strongly drinks alcohol. As the jeepo dries up a lot of alcoholism, it gets attracted to the IRA members in the investigation of its extraordinary costs, trapped in the hazardous small circle of depression. For a time in his life, the jeepo surrounded by fans (including a fun JM Curling), who enthusiastically pushed him back and called him "King Zipo" for his physical strength. However, it is clear that these people do not feel any affection for the people and are paying close attention to utilizing him for money. Extra £ 20 brought to Frankie's death, could never buy a rally of friends in the Gypsy? In fact, in a bitter turn of satire, money can only betray betrayal and its only good partner. A relatively simple colleague, Gaipo probably could not fully consider the consequences of his actions and finally asked him for forgiveness because he "did not know what he was doing". But his stupidity will not be minor. <br /> <br /> Ford's film was critically criticized for his alleged promotional support for a "terrorist" organization. Although this attitude clearly relies on personal opinion [I do not know enough Irish history to pass judgment], but it is not doubt that the film depicts the Irish Republican Army as a selfless, dedicated and neutral, proud part of Irish patriotism. Never seen it. However, the main theme of the story is betrayal; Guided by extreme poverty, a common man believes in his good friend's confidence, and deeply grieves his actions. The painful Gypo is mainly played for misery, and Victor McLaglen betrays the whole life of unhappy existence which gives an extraordinary performance, a fatal decision that condemns him in an uncomfortable death. 'Informer' was John Ford's first major Oscar success, McLaglen's best actor (from six nominations) won four awards, who hijacked the three-choice favorite choice of 'Mutiny on the Baiti (1935)'. }, Best Director and Best Screenplay for Doodle Nicholas {who denied the award due to Union inconsistency}
