Maybe it was because I saw the history of Irish problems in the 1920s and then a tragic civil war that swept the free state after signing the agreement before seeing it. However, in the end, tears came to my eyes suddenly. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaughlin is not known today as famous, and he must be well remembered. In this film, I think he is playing himself because he was out of his usual talent and brain. For example, the scenes where challenging men to fight with his friend in the crowd are probably probably the most memorable of McLaglen, a world-class bare-copy boxer, what he actually did in previous years. John Ford is partly responsible for that; The IMDB quarterly chapter shows how to cheat McLagaell in case he gets a bad hangover for the track scene. Apart from this director his actor can bring a lot, even without this strategy. Most of the time McLaga is firmly in control, especially when his character is almost completely bloos (which is hard for an actor's credibility), and he also plays with Gaipo Nalan with depth and emotional strength, which is wonderful for just anyone. Later in his career, he saw McLaganlen, "The Quiet Man". I particularly liked the difference between this role as an IRA man and more clearly defined performance as the "Hangman's House" IRA man Dennis Hogan. <br /> <br /> "The Quiet Man", of course, McLaga is a country contradicting local IRA. Victor McLugen was big and amazement to the word, but he was a good actor and had a clear expertise in skill and expertise in skills that we do not expect of such a person today. This is a sad commentary on our own expectations and prizes. <br /> <br /> Ford, naturally, packs a lot of small pictures. All the characters are nice (although most American pronunciation of the commandant is confusing) - Note: may be spoilers ahead! - Zipo once painted a little stroke and ordered to kill a man, but instead it was instructed to find out his way, we really sympathize with the person who digged a little straw to execute the jipo, and the humanity that he sees Most of the time, especially when they're going to take a zipo in Mary's room. <br /> <br /> Zone Ford really showed his talent here, which could take the expected results of a horrifying and still complete story, and instead it is completely unexpected and still uses it in a very satisfying way which makes us think only Gypo and others Characters, but that poor Ireland during the time of torture.
