With Peter Jackson's famous "Lord of the Rings" triangle Liberation War, Ralph Bakhshi's 1978 animated Lord of the Rings is an easy way to cancel the film as inferior. I agree with most that Jackson's triangle is an essential film adaptation of Tokian's work, but it does not prevent me from enjoying Bachashi's ambiguous progress. Jackson acknowledged that he had received at least some inspiration from watching Bakhshi's film and his adaptations had a somewhat obvious match. <br /> <br /> The colorful beautiful backdrop of the picture is excellent and the score is memorable. I was most likely satisfied by drawing the characters. Pipins and Mary and Iwon and Galleria's pairs were mostly helpless from each other's perspective, belg and tricard were helpless, but these points did not bother me too much. However, Nazrul is a well-liked creator and is quite stupid. The only character presentation I was annoyed with Sam; He was created to look unexpectedly stupid. <br /> <br /> This image is a novel for his animation techniques. In addition to hand-painted characters, live actors are included in animations via rotoscoping. It is quite clear that the characters are hand-painted and rotoscoped, but hardly I saw that the style of film was an innovation. The use of rotcoped live actors for battle scenes was a good decision and helped to become well-meaning in this scene. <br /> <br /> The voice acting was usually high quality. Especially good Horn Hurt, who provided an official voice for Agra. Aragorn is not a favorite character of mine from the story, but supported by John Hurt's voice, he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite is William Schweier, whose song is appropriately strong for gandfif. Michael Scholes as Sam was the only actor considered to be inappropriate, whose voice was tangled and Sam was unfortunately addicted to the film. The only other annoying part of voice acting is the mispronunciation of the character and place name. It was particularly strange that Sauraman was referred to as "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In order to create this film, Ralph Bakhshi is expected to acquire two films. Therefore, there are half stories in this movie, from the beginning of "The Fellowship of the Ring" to the end of the Battle of Helm's Deep "The Two Towers". Its obvious indication is that the story of the film is a very narrow version of the story of the book. I enjoy original stories and more thoroughly adaptation, but the freedom to take the short story does not bother me, even like leaving the story out of Aven. The original material of the story took considerable time in this movie and in 132 minutes there was a novelty capable of wind through the half of the ring. The scenes of war were fascinating and especially in the battle of Orak March and Helm. <br /> <br /> The "Ring of the Lord" version of Ralph Bakhshi is not perfect and it is no doubt that the rage in the ring reader story story However, the errors of this movie for me were smaller than Roma to see the effective adaptation of a great quarterly quarter. My only regret is that I could not see the second part of the "first great story" of the Lord of the Rings, because Bakhshi was not given the budget to make a signal.
