I read this movie and it surprised me that many "critics" have rated it under the Peter Jackson trilogy. A pictorial novel is always interpretable; Especially an animated film should depend on the artist's vision and judge his or her own terms. Speaking as a purist, Tolkien is a fine tribute compared to this updated version. This movie has its flaws, but it stays specially for encouragement, especially as far as the characters are concerned. <br /> <br /> Token Fredo is very recognized in the Jackson version: In the first scene he is portrayed as weak, controlled by the force around him and always standing on his own feet (sometimes physically and metaphorically true). You fate this gap biscuit Why wonder why to carry a Cross Crock of Doom. Jackson immediately recaptured his best moment when he could retrieve Aven from the Ringwhite ... Bakshi version presents Fredo, who presents Fredo, who claims this brother, "Go back and do not hurt me anymore!" Bocci thinks Fredo's character as Tokelian. We saw his collapse as his weight increased. Fredo Rings is so important to the Lord why Jackson accepted such freedom (he did so with numerous letters) because the plot of character development is applicable to his inevitable conclusion. Bacche's film is more well-researched between Legolas and Gimliyas in some detailed scenes that are completely lacking in the version of Jackson. Likewise, we see Bomarimi horse with Pope and Mary, furthering the idea of ​​fellowship. My choice of cameras is even better in animated versions than live action. <br /> <br /> Tokyo's poetry is an important element of the novels, and Bakhshi fondly adores for it in my favorite scene: "Mother in the Old" song by Fredo, minutes before stumbling in the stereo. After a few seconds, it is invisible to his friends but is visible to the brothers, when the trick is gently attached to dark theme music, Fredo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric parts of the film and whenever I find it joking about it. <br /> <br /> Well-documented budget / time constraints limit the film's ultimate effect, but it may feel more after it's done. Viewers. As it is, it is worth a look. Even his opponents acknowledge that Peter Jackson has gained much inspiration from this prototype.
