As an animated film since 1978, it's pretty good - generally better than the standards of those days when Disney did not do any good work (and Token takes little care of Disney anyway). It gets innovative and major points for carefully camera work, applied cinematic techniques with relative success. Many maligned rotoscapping actually works quite well, especially with ringwhether and first opening. However, it is also very widely overused - perhaps as a money-saving strategy - that it detracts from the overall impact. The same technique that makes wonderful and miraculously produced, is not so good in toning. <br /> <br /> As the adaptation of the story, it is actually quite good. We lose small bits here and there, such as the Old Forest and Tom Bomdil, Gafar and Sackville-Baginsess. We summarize a few characters, such as an almond family, and an old friend of Agrons, to improve Legolas, but it is an intelligent decision for the film. The books contain rooms for you to include elaborate world references to your elves and the massive history of mid-earth. In the film, you trade for scenes and words that express the same elements in different ways. There is no serious truth about losing, and although I have minor jokes about some changes, I'm usually very happy with it. <br /> <br /> If only droped authors are able to remember the names of the names - they are often referred to as aruman, perhaps a decision has been made to make it more distinct from the solar named nomenclature; I was not sure that I did not make it wrong before it accepted me for a second visit. It is boring that a bloody periodic viking of the boron and anxiety from the start. However, Gandalf is excellent, and the rest of the freedom of speech is excellent. If only John Hurt is not too old to play in Orgono; I love his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, the story ended in the middle of the story was created with a huge disappointment. How far it makes it, so far worse, the bus driver on Rankin & Sigel. They were allowed to return to the king after eating Habit, because it was a huge mystery. They seem to be more interested in bad songs than the right story. For all its flaws, the heart of this movie is firmly relocated and it is very difficult to accomplish the impossible task. I can only hope that the upcoming series keeps them as real ...
