This 1978 animated attempt by director Ralph Bakhshi was more than 20 years before Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings took the view. An ambitious and reasonably reliable version of the story, it has been shocked by the Jackson Trilogy. Indeed, most critics (mostly those who have seen the new version) at IMDB seem to be very stupid for this version .... But if someone applies a little bit of knowledge and considers it to be made and the technical possibilities were at that time, Then they must understand that this is a beautiful picture. In fact, soon after watching this animated movie in the early 80's, I searched for Tokyo's book and immediately became a fan of this Middle Eastern spacecraft. So, in some cases, I have given a degree of recognition for this movie, which forever transforms my literary taste. <br /> <br /> Central Arthur Dark Lord Solar has created a mighty ring that gives him incredible power. After the massive defeat of the solar, the ring occupied a king named Isilur? But instead of destroying it, he likes to keep it foolishly. For centuries, the ring went from hand, finally occupied by a horse called Frodo Baggins, which is a quiet-loving community known as the Shire. From a wizard named Froodo Gundfuff, learning that his ring is really a color, which was created by Solar a century ago, as well as his master again searching again to restore his dark energy. Land. Frodo embarks on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbit companions, but they wraiths Sauron's ring, each step by the way the black riders are hunted by. There are many events followed, in which nine weapons are created for the only place in the ring where it can be "unmanned"? Mount Duomo, in the country of Mordor. The film ended with Madonna on the border with Fredo and her best friend Sam, which is very close to their terrible destination. Meanwhile, Gandhal and other members of the company fight a huge army of orcs in the legendary fort of Helm's Deep. <br /> <br /> This version is more than half of the original book. A second installment was planned to end the story, but sadly did not end. It seems ultimately undone, it is at least end up at a sensible point of story. One should feel a little frustrated and regret that there is no signal where we can follow these animated heroes with their ultimate aim. Animation is great with characters presented in interesting, people, and interesting descriptions. Leonard Rosenman's musical fits well and fits precisely with the epic description. The voice-over is very good, especially John Hurt has been called Agrernon and Peter Woodworth. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who supplies Sam's voice - rather a campie and a fool, which is not suitable for the character. The Lord of the Rings is a pretty effort to imagine it's book based.
