In 1936, H. Yes. Wells was past of his head and his books will survive, which have long gone. He was coming to the end of his life and he faced his dreams. At the beginning of the twentieth century, he preserved the idea that the earth was destroyed because of the evolution of species, natural biology, on one hand and Marxism, on the other hand market economics, on the other hand, weakened the weak. The simple reckoning of numbers is powerful due to the reason. Weaker people were classified as humanity and minority minorities. Then he stood up for a harsh groundbreaking policy that was frustrated and those who weakened the human race. The first non-Caucasian, the only exception to the Jews, will disappear due to the marriage. Then, in the Caucasian community who were not healthy, alcoholic, mentally disabled, who were genetically disabled, etc. were not Hitler. It was HG Wells and it was not after the first World War. That was ten years ago. Twenty years before World War I, he published the time machine that went into his own way "mankind" of mankind, and because of the world's cosmic cosmic evolution, man can see the difference between "race" between two "species": the working class will become a lesser laborious species and The bourgeoisie will become a lazy surface species. The point that was in the novel was that the surface was the victims of other species of sophisticated and weakly disabled species hunters. Wells was convinced that humanity was in danger and politicians wanted to stop this evolution by applying strict jurisdiction. In order to follow this order, the first countries were among the Scandinavian countries, for some of them it was too late to release it. This image proposes an approach of 2036 with a global government that is not a completely dictatorial election, no parliament, no democratic organization, peace prevails only by military victory, and the government is influenced by a person or dominant person and Some of its councilors. And that's all in the future world, absolutely all people are the Caucasians. Wales can become completely white by the year 2036. Fantastic Wells planned a revolt, but it would be short-lived and not limited to anything. The last sentences are the views of this white civilization that conquer the entire universe while thinking about the sky and its stars and planets. Terrible And it was produced in 1936. Since the slightest mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or stalinism is not found, the more horrific it is. However, it must be in a significant restored version because it is very important to have a full view of Higgs Wales. We must be a brave new democracy of the "democratic" social elections, or the farms of the dictatorship of the Porsche proletariat, or the Big Brother's abstract interlocutory dictatorship far from 1984. This vision is very scary as at least three. And I just want to compare Wales with his time British science fiction writers. It must be inappropriate to overcome. This information reveals that in the first three decades of the 20th century, there were fears among intelligentsia in England: fear that the future will only be frustrating, dark and in the form of a farce. <br /> <br /> Jacques Collardou, University of Paris Dufin, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Surnie and University Varsils St. Quentin en Yewelins
