"Awesome Coming Soon" Movie Review by KWRice <br /> <br /> Here is another wonderful science fiction film from a different time and place. This is a film that I just saw in shattered parts, but the art should be taken entirely. I enjoyed this movie as it was designed with a floating rock film and a silver screen with viewers sharing it, in the dark theater. The audience and themselves were influenced by this movie! A woman living in World War II was suffering from war memories and was revitalized positively, even though she was overwhelmed. <br /> <br /> There was a basic credit that attracted my attention from the very beginning. The first thing we see is "HG Wells" like the "Superman" in bold angular block copies. This is not the title of the film, but the title of the producer and then there is no other person such as actor or production listed, director William Cameron Mengeis! Who? You've probably seen his work before, "around the world in 80 days," "glory of Yankeeb" and "went with the wind." He did not directly direct after the science fiction astronaut, but his film's imagery, set and design was very well recognized. <br /> <br /> This image is very effective. I recognized the images from many other films that have provided this classic tribute. The latest "Hitahaiers Guide to Galaxy" clearly shows me the bogus Bunny, "Fantasia," "Monty Python and Holly Grill," "Sky Captain and Tomorrow World," "Living Dead of Night" and more, but no title escaped me . It is here with real special effects, with CGI now the scenes are completed with performers, big sets and detailed models. This image was made in 1936, and it is clear that it meant some of the other auteurs. Wells and Mengeis also worked with music, music and cordas, producers, messages, alerts and advice to create an excellent essay. <br /> <br /> Shakespeare's actor Cedric Hardwick, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Aunt talk, sometimes the word is promoted, but I still hear the line that I still hear. "These toys are not something like me nowadays when I was a child," "It will help them to develop coordination," "What do we need books for, what should we read?", "We do not need a car, we do not have to go anywhere We need all of us here, "" No war will happen. "But there is war! The naive citizen of "Everytown" refused to see literal writings on the wall. The last war ever explodes on Christmas Eve. A little boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father might have a picture that might be with me. This was World War I of 1936, which was dark to Hitler's vengeance. This war does not end. The poison gas of the sky war is limited to the second law. <br /> <br /> This is another dark age. No government, no service, and people are carried out and no one remembers anything about the joy of war. Plugs, warlords and flying fighter for index finger are available that get longer. Lovers shoot in the street, before they can carry the plague otherwise. Midway has a wonderful dessert about Rolls Royce, which is a very important leisure medium. The future Herald in this land is a future plan. <br /> <br /> That future is the third task. The world has rebuilt itself with the help of "puny animals, humans". Helicopters even fly in this movie even before this discovery. The plummer's helper has more uses than Dealer or Glen Miller. The Wide Screen Plasma screens confuse the public, and make people excite the people to lift them up. "Be careful, beware of caution!", The city's father warns of rioting. So be careful, if you hit me with this image you can get hit. There are some cute and misconceptions, but thought-provoking idealism is really worth re-thinking, and I want to see this great movie again. Others say Mr. Wells criticizes the vision. It is very easy to work with 20/20 hedays on accessories, clothing and foliage. I believe Mr. Wells is not about the issues of "Things to Things" but rather about the idea, social trends and philosophical ideals. Besides, we are just starting the new millennium and there is still no time to come. This is not the cheap cardboard British science fiction, but the Apic Felamed Opera, singing, as a whole concept crosses some minor date errors.
