The basic science-critical essay of Herbert George Wales, including Arthur Bliss's music, is a powerful part of filmmaking. Received from a slightly different job by the Welsh author, it focuses on the human future with the time of war against 'Peace'. The structure is an opposite pair of normalization period and after the war cloud gathers, the script allows the war to take place. Two families, Cabells and Passworthys disagree about what might happen; The optimistic view of the "automatic" progress of civilization is acceptable; Cabell thinkers, doubled. Their city is Everton - possibly destroyed by a London-tank, a strong war march, and the last integrated war of civilization. The second part has found people living in the ruins of the city under "Boss", played with Ralph Richardson's barbarism, whose woman's beautiful Margarita Scott is impressive as a dreamer, since she is a concrete-bound dictator type. He is trying to rebuild the old WWI airplanes so that he can attack nearby tribes to complete his small kingdom; A young scientist complains that his work constantly disrupts the needs of the plane - etc. This fight versus progress' Wells comments. The survivors are subject to a plague called "Vending Illness". Insert a modern flying machine operated by the cable's first section of the film, now part of the wings over the world, an international scientist coalition, who plans to end the war forever. This flight-appropriate modernist boss and interesting conversation with his woman, their attraction is clear; Then the boss sends their plane against them, scientists bring a large number of planets and bring down the "Gas of Peace" at Everton's ruins. Only the boss dies, the hard fight against peace. This picture is then shown that the ore is being excavated and a great new future city is being built slowly in the tower gurdwaras. In the third section there is a reliable argument for the future of cables with the morality of human science. The moon has the right to send people if they are wonderful; The cable champion's right to expand the human progress and its horizons. Son of Passworthy and Cabell's daughter, the astronaut is sent. Theotocopulos, a religious psychoanalyst, lit up a huge screen in the forum of the city of Ludhetti and attacked the 'space gun' by releasing a new rocket free from Earth's gravitational fire. The final episode of the plot successfully fired a space gun; The denomement and ending of a speech by Cabell and science are considered to be the most profound defense that is universally ever written in the mind. "It's all universe - or nothing!" Say Cabell Passworthy. "What will it be?" As a cable, Raymond Messi has probably given his greatest screen performance; He is thoughtful, sympathetic, and reasonable, a true scientist. Saddic Hardwic is the perfect and strongest Rumble-Roger who wants to end the science of agency. Edward Chapman pasavari plays a praiseworthy role in conventions and scandals. The story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. The extinction of mankind, the idea of ​​a civilization driven by the reconstruction of scientists, is appreciable and trustworthy for the audience. This is a win for Bliss and all for the director William Cameron Manzie. Listen to dialogue with someone you love; In its bounded range, it is a thoughtful human drama debate about two possible human future - the reversal of progress or its reactionary.
