All right, my title is kinda lame, and almost this flick sells short. I think Seychelle and Ebert are talking about this picture about '94, and then playing a clip or two. Despite being a rap-conscious person (I could recognize Snoop Doug, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer music), when I started talking about the film, I'm not very interested. But then, S & E showed the scene where the band explains how they chose their name (using some "shady" logic and a set of "created" incidents), and then another scene where the band and their rival band are both involved in the school. The school (and, of course, NWH is the rival band leader how to hurt Sincerely yours something about the "Information" brings his school grades were good and there was a calendar year). So I wanted to see this picture that I would like to see this movie. <br /> <br /> After a few years, this thing is seen in HBO and I record it, only for a few hours I am ridiculing my arms. Yes, there is a "Spin Tap" type writer ... Even the documenter also needs a similar "tone" to set up the clip, and the band follows similar paths (which I now have "behind the music" "phenomenon - the good chemistry of the short time band, Famous, too much money is very fast, skibling, medicine, some kinds of death, band break up, then rebuilding, with a hope for more future albums It turns out to be black and becomes dark). The fact is that on the spinal tap, you probably catch the band with their success in the past but tap on some points, and laughs set up by certain scenes in my mind is reduced. Oh, this back His gems of food, the place where he wants to go to "Elven", is the place where he creates a pint-shaped stone righthouse ... <br /> <br /> FoaBH's On the contrary, which seems to be more "unexpected" humor.You can see some of it coming, but there is not a big setup for every joke. Sometimes, just kinda stream of joke. Kundef and other actors of the band did a real chemistry work. Also, Vanilla Ice, Hummer and other works-type rappers work really straight into a bunch. It hit me as a movie once I get the main story and smile, and then go back and watch the fine joke. And songs "Chicken nut" is better than "big bottom" (from spin tap)? I do not know - but they're both funny fun. Tone Def's horror video is so annoying at its "awakening" stage, yet funny <br /> <br /> I can go for a while, but you can save time and not waste it on CB4. I saw the first half-hour, and got bored. You do not get bored on FoaBH. There are a few funny moments, but you can never say anything good. Perhaps my favorite scene when Ice Cold and Tasty Chicken (name Ripoff I've ever heard) discovered that they shared the same girl .... In one moment, you got two guns in each other, and you know the next thing, the manager Photographer, girl, and I think even the Tone Defe denotes guns in each other, in the room, switching back targets. And, of course, someone gets shot. <br /> <br /> I think it is weird that the NWH managers have had the same fate as Spinal Tap drummers (although I do not think anyone is spontaneously burning). There is considerable similarity between the possibility of ignoring the possibility of seeing a "spinal tapes" before writing this syndeff movie, though it is definitely a lot of hip-hop spinner tap. Although some similarities exist, humor is different, and the film looks like a real documentary (maybe we can not recognize a single actor in this thing, even a man who played "Lama" from "Nader's revenge"). After all, this movie is in my opinion, "Street Credits". Kinda like NWH
