This movie is the main reason for the main reason Star Wars triloos are the weakest film. However it appears in the end of the winner day despite all its errors. It's still a very good movie, though its multiplication depends on the characters made in two upper customs. <br /> <br /> Here is a problem with the appearance of the film, which ISN is very consistent with the other 2 films. I keep that much from the producer Gary Kurtz's exit. The first two films include dirty, living technology and so forth. On the other hand, "insistent" rebels seem to see that they just got out of the shower and their uniforms have dried up. It makes for a much less textured film. Also the animals were too much muppet and cutesy. At this point it seems that filmmakers are more concerned about creating templates for future work images than film quality. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is the lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a whole new experience in the film and "Empire" brought us into the alien world of firearms, ice and clouds, "JD" reinforced the first movie locations again. Firstly we are back to the desert planet Tatooine, and then we are facing another death star (maybe the emperor can not remember anything new ... but you think Lucas can be cursed). We also have these eaux, who can create speckable tablecloths at the end of the "Star Wars", do not seem to think of a big whipping fight, if they do not lose cash. It just seems like building lazy. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "JD" for me is the poor management of Han Solo character. He is in the center of the plot of the first two films, but he is struggling for screen time, a fishing businessman with drafts. Instead of a real drama we are sticking to Lamas that Han is still convinced that Liya loves Lukas - like the end of "empire", where she did not recognize her love for him. The whole thing was astonishing and the character of the cheap was not part of the central story of this movie after his rescue. For his part Ford, Bored and his style which shows lack of its previous performance properties. It's acting like a 1990s Ford, bored and looking "up" above the film. Apparently high in some view of the liner for its part. Lando, an interesting character presented in "Empire", here we are stuck as a worried spectator on the demonstration space. Only Hamille, because of an interesting development of Luke's character, is able to really do something new or interesting with his character. Perhaps he was the only major actor of the film, who was still careful about his work. And the script to be appropriate gives him much more than other characters. There really is as it is the only package part of its stories and other characters. Ian McDiarmid did excellent work as well as emperor. The film was immersed if she was very top (as she was in the new movie). <br /> <br /> Everything looks visually and without effect, it looks "clean" in appearance. It's hard to find fault. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, sometimes created the most comprehensive. At the end the spaceships are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Finally, the film has achieved success based on the success of its ancestors. But on yourself, it's a contented entertainment and IMHO much more than Lucas's next productions.
