Dentist starts the anniversary of the wedding of Dr. Allan Finston (Carbin Bersen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). Sponsor Mr. Mrs. Finchon is a beautiful life in Los Angeles, looks like a beautiful home and has a successful career with his responsibility but things are very wrong. Alan discovered that Brun's Matt (Michael Stadevc) had a relationship with Allan, who was associated with Swimming Pool Clearer with his compromise, then discovered that he was related to the relationship with Matt Roberts (Lace Sims), one of his neighbors neighbors, All the borrows, those who are breathing in their necks, load a shadow of money. Alan started losing his mind, he himself firmly believes that everything is consumed like its teeth and consumed like a tooth, and it is on top of it to fix it. In the morning, he began to take his frustration and anger on the patients who worked, at first he hit a young boy named Jodie (Brian McLaughlin), who hit a sexually-stricken person named April Rhine (Christa Saul) when he was his wife And deliberately perform other unnecessary and painful methods. Alan started taking drugs because he lost completely and started suicide with his adulterous wife and pool cleaner. <br /> <br /> Guided by Brian Yunci I thought the dentist was a good movie and some tried differently. Dennis Paoli, Skuar Gordon and Charles Finch's script were far more than Cycore Thriller than Sliceer, which I was surprised to expect later, it was easy to make a teenager slash film on Friday 13th (28th). 1980) With a high body count and an intelligent cracking dentist villain but what turned out to be a dentist is very different. Dentist is one of the heartwarming people studying the character of a character and doing a good job, though he said that I am not sure what is going on, enough logical for his next murder. It goes on at a great speed, it's a nice description that I like the constant connection, Allan sees the loss of its patients and the defects found in the surroundings of the world, and it's an entertaining way to pass 90 minutes minutes. It's not saying that anyone fearing a dentist might miss it or you will never go again! I do not have to say that the last time I turned into the table, <br /> <br /> The director Yuzna did his normal fine work here, I do not really think I've seen a Yuzna that I did not enjoy anything in the picture, he was obviously Greatly allows the dentist to play with fear, in which certain dentist's fragments become fragments, in which people have to pull teeth, sexual harassment The second, done drugs and tortured. With the awesome dentist's drill Besides, there are some other grave scenes, a dead dog, someone torn to pieces with a knife. The device probably gives this film a certain style for a low budget, he likes to throw his camera for some beautiful corners and I like the shot on tearing the camera and like the huge spray of blood spread on the floor. A nice wide overhead angle. <br /> <br /> Some of the special make-up effects seem a bit uncomfortable, as technically fine dentists, decent cinematography, music and production prices. Acting is quite powerful from everyone involved with Corbin putting a good crackpot performance. Ever since cool and sweet love Kenny Four has become like Los Angeles's best Detective Gibbs. <br /> <br /> Do not expect me to be like a dentist and better for it, if you want a horrible fan and maybe something different, it is better to verify it. I liked it and it is of course a clock value.
