Dentist is really a great thriller. And quite annoying. I think we all agree that the possibility of running within a psycho dentist is bigger than monsters, vampires or zombies. Why this movie is so scary why During this movie, you probably think about your own dentist several times. Whether she is capable of doing something ... you do not pray well to cheat her wife. That's all about the story In LA, a respected dentist finds out when his wife is cheating the pool-boy with him. (Anyway, it should be the best profession in the world.) Since then, when the husband is doing his work, the housewives always take advantage of the householder. Since then our dentist Dr. Fiston can talk about retaliation. He and his patients can not concentrate and some of them also get hurt. Things for our dentist are not easy when he is followed by a boring tax-controller, a strange police and his suspicious staff member. At one moment, Dr. Fiston can not take it. Now he is not only after his wife but also after everyone who comes to him. Dentist Brian Yünchen wrote and wrote the director Stuart Gordon. You can take that as a recommendation yourself. These 2 people have already given us some of the most horrific films (and my personal preferences), such as from the re-animator, the Bound and Society. With the Dentist, they are once again successful in bringing a recreational and very cool thriller. This film actually came in time. Over the decades, we did not come up with a lot of horror films. I'm not saying this is a wonderful composition, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is as great as a donor obsessed by hygiene. I mostly remember him as a comedy or drama actor, but he can certainly manage a psychological character. The rest of the cast works very well. Wife playing Feinstone's wife is really interesting. Also, it was great to see Cine Foree acting again. The actor of my favorite movie Don of the Dead starred in this film in this film. The user threw him out of the house 15 years ago and I thank him for that. I do not recommend this movie to everyone (if you have a weak stomach I would suggest you to skip it) but if you see it, you will enjoy it. You'll hate ... but it's an extra reason, I think. It's been a time since I'm really impressed with seeing a movie. It's a great way of continuously handling and it's a great way to use it. Very bad this film was followed by a completely unnecessary seagull. My modest opinion about the dentist ... 8/10
