I thought that the RTG was the best among three Star Wars movies. I am surprised by the fact that by the people who voted, in the triloos, ROTZ is considered to be the weakest center. It was the best of the rotos for me because it was the deepest plot, the most mystery, the surprise, the most emotional, (especially finished) and obviously the most major films. I personally like a lot of Empire Strike back but I think it was a little less good than ROTJ because it was moving slowly, it was not episodic, and I did not feel as much as mystery or emotions so I did the third movie. <br /> <br /> It seems to me that after reading this wonderful review that quotes ROTES for the public, the reasons considered as a bad movie on the other two are incredibly great and impossible because of the superior excellence. Completely film. I've heard many strange reasons like: a) Yoda has died because b) Bobby has died, because he defeated a bat of a small eve storm storm, because Darth Vader was released <br /> <br /> I want to be disappointed In each of the reasons I believe they completely miss the point. First off, who is dead when Bobby bursts? If George Lucas wanted to die, he wanted to die. Do not make me wrong I'm a bubble-fever fan, but he showed the presence of a few cameras and Lucas was not interested in making Star Wars fans a central character in the films he made. His name in the movie is not even mentioned anywhere ... You had to go to credit to find Bobby Feet !!! ROTJ judge because the death of a minor character is a little too much in my mind ... Secondly, many fans did not like to die Yoda. Sure, it was an important time in the movie. I was happy to see him die but it makes the movie more realistic. All the best guys can not survive a realistic movie, you know. Otherwise, if all the good guys live and all bad people die, this movie will become a cartoon on sugar Saturday morning. Another aspect of this point about the people who do not like the death of Yoda .. Well, no new charges when Darth Vader hit Obi Wan Kenobi in a new hope. (Many think that the new hope is to be the best of the triumph) Why was the death of the Vice-van, but Yada Hmmmmmmmm ... ... I could not believe there was another reason why it was found in the beautiful eovascus storm storm storms. To be impossible That's ridiculous !! I can not believe this one !! First, eWak is among their local planets so that they are aware of their home land due to being there. If you carefully watch the movie, the eoces used to defeat the winds were better utilized by their home-grown facilities. (Since you lived in the forest in your lifetime, so hopefully you learned to use it in your own way) they set up the volume, ropes, logos that were set for Walkers and other trap. Storms were not very damaged because their numbers had increased and were not aware of the jungle facilities. The only thing they did was their blasters. To add, eocos could not fight the storm, but they were greatly helped by rebellious band. I thought Star Warso could defeat a great deal of harmony with Heros, the rebel band and the huge identity of their home land with the vast tribes of Ewooc, so there was a fierce catastrophe. Finally, if this scene was still incredible to you ... how the Empire Strikes Back or a New Hope, where Han Solo, Chebakacha and the visible scenes of a clan of the prince were ten hurricane strikes. And when all her blasters missed completely !! And not only, the heroes certainly hit Stormtroopers with their blasters. The soldiers must have a very bad goal! At least in the Empire Strikes Backs, Andor's war was even more credible because your two forces imposed 3 heroes against each other in storm. Do not believe me Our heroes escaped from Landau Base after watching the Battle of Cloud City. Or when our heroes rescues Prince Lia and are shot dead (as they did miss) Han Solo and Luke were trying to get him out of Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last thing I want to discuss here is that it is very easy to spend my time here.) People do not like to express the darts promise! Well, there was a large part of the plot in the film in many ways. Dark Warmer tried to find out whether his father, Anakin Skywalker, Without the leak, the movie was frustrating when the movie was over because it was complete. By the revelation of Anakin, it was transformed instead of being attacked by dark warders dark (on his helmet) and good person Anakin Skywalkar (via helmet removal). The point is that Anakin was again transformed towards light, and this was the meaning of the helmet removal scenario. Actually, I would be the father of Luke if I used to do that scene ... If you want to see your son with your own eyes before you die, but if you can not do it, is it a mechanical helmet? <br /> <br /> In another note, I think most of the people are unconscious or conscious expectations that previous films may be even worse (even if it is even better), it is no longer the reason that ROTJ does not get it as much as it demands accolades I never go to a movie with that cheat, I always try to go to a movie with such attitude that "well, it may be good or bad that is the main ... but I do not know for sure ... I see it." Open mind and I can not think myself in such a way that clearly the higher movie was not really good. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticized these movies, but, I asked many college students and adults their favorite Star Wars movie about them and they all told me (this is a person who said that A new hope was their favorite) ROTJ without it. I believe that the results of this election are frustrating and quite confusing. <br /> <br /> The following line, JD's return was the best quarterly. This movie was the only one of three that kept me in 135 minutes. There was not a moment of annoyance because each scene was skeptical, exciting, surprising, or all of the above. For example, in the rotation, the mental light of Sahab in Luke and his father was better than any day behind empire strikes !!! Finally, I hope people can see the Phantom Menes because of the open mind, if the fans start to trash the movie, or the unexpected, unexpected details (or see "just another series"), such as "The movie It is disappointing because Luke does not have it! " Then this brilliant film will be another spectacular movie which, unfortunately, will be a matter of ridicule like ROTJ. <br /> <br />
