Especially when I remember this movie when I was a teenager, my best friend made me wonder about this film and how it made a boy as a child. Of course, the blood that was thirsty, I had to go out and find this movie. Now I do not know how to put it in to lose credibility, so I just want to say, I really enjoyed watching this movie! I know that this is not a fool, good story, and not bloody and horrible, but what I'm looking for and the Dentist provides fear, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I need a funny movie like this just to get loose and get grossed by. <br /> <br /> Alan Feinstone is obsessed with orders and cleanliness. On the anniversary of her wedding, she killed his wife Brooke with a sex partner in her dirty pool, Matt. In his dental practice, the first patient of the first patient of the first patient of his life was young Jodi Sanders for his first dental appointment. Feinstone Jodie's teeth begin to clean. Everything goes smoothly, until he thinks that Jodi's teeth are brown and nasty. Her teeth slips favorite, jody piercing in witch. Jodi's mother makes her cry, sheds her blood and is angry. Feinstone sees her second patient, Beauty Queen April reign. Alone in April, Fineston nourishes him with nitrous oxide so that he can fill a hole in his manger. As he drifts into ignorance, Feinstone imagines that he has transformed his wife. She started kissing and started fondling her to the dental chair, then her shiny. April starts coughing and begins to wakes up half from the gas. Feinstone snaps out of its trans and fast re-button April's blouse. Feinstone concludes the first day and decides to send her staff and patients home. After that night, Brooke met Feinstone at his practice. He released his new Italian opera-themed patient house. She encouraged Brooke to try dental chairs in the room. When he did, Fistonton binded him on the chair and nourished him with nitrous oxide. With the help of operatic music in the background, he started releasing Brooke's tooth. Feinstone has gone off the deep end and definitely no one is going to stand in the way of her cleanliness. <br /> <br /> As frankly as this movie, I was a lot of fun watching the dentist. The best scene without any doubt when he taught the painful IRS agent in the health stream that I am sure he will never forget. Man, I do not think I've lost my tooth after seeing a dentist. Yes, I'm going to warn you that this movie is not in any way to the heart's dissatisfaction, it's very bloody. Stabbing, gun shots and just this cruel tooth torture scene that will turn your stomach. Even though I have enjoyed this movie, if I want a really good movie made for real horror fans, then I slip it into my DVD player and it's "Tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Um, yes, I try, give me a little credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
