This dirty Harry is a main theme that served a dish served by cold. Sandra Lock is cool as she is beautiful in this film. Lock is a normal "8", but, with a deadly pistol in his purse, "cocked" for the bad boy, he moves the scale up to "10". Some years ago, her younger sister was being gang-raped, locked as Jennifer Spencer, tried to stop her as much as possible from her life. His sister, th, is often komatous because of hitting it, so memory is never far away from her mind. One day Jennifer S. F. Look at one of the street attackers. He bought a pistol, followed him a bar, let him pick him, then when he was alone in his Cadillac, started to love, he shot him ... once in the zenzagate, in the brain - in this first scene! ! Ya will love this spunky lady. He got his priorities directly. Plus, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting all her anger on the canvas so far. After executing his first parap, Jennifer was curiously watching the dots. Insp. Cadion is available after Harry Calhane processes the crime scene after the death. Then, she insults some obscure adolescent who hates women on the street, she brings her sister to a nursing home, then goes to CA'Hunting in San Paolo, CA "coast of the year" where rape took place. With more bullets in her suitcase and more determination in her mind, our heroes hide rape within her head because each of our next plays brings us closer to the next rapist. Not very good for us, right-wing, when it is punished by violent criminals or executed, do not be sad for the suffering of your suffering human life, we think of him increasingly and remember the punishment he has suffered. Such memorable events inspire Jennifer to drag the trigger into each of her attackers - once in the brain in Geneja. Throughout the film, Jennifer's revenge scene has been well-spread, Isle 'Wendy Harry blows some gangstas in the coffee shop, remember, "Go ahead. Make my day."? Later, he threatened to push dog ** step by step step by step step by step step by step step by step. "I want your baby." In just 30 minutes of activity in my favorite scene, Harry feared and scared a killer mafia boss Thracise as a deadly doom during his wedding reception at Mark Hopkins Hotel. Michael Grado (Pantanelli of Godfather II) did a great job as a sinful mafia don, even if he was only in a scene, he died most credibly. However, Harry's problem is not over yet! The Lift punk gang and Thèkkese's Hechenmann tried to kill two Harry, which was in the scene of two closed scenes, and most of them were dead. Yup, some unintentional screening of the gunfight stopped just like violence ...... Like Clint, the director was tired of shooting this movie. However, there are several ways you can send a bullet-wide person. Punk kids die more creatively, though they both die and SF It sinks in Bay My heart warms up With so much violent intentions directed at Insp. Kahahan, his captain, tried to get him some backgrounds "San Francisco" in San Polo, "Viciously Killing 22 Kili", as the crime of Jennifer Spencer is known now, but Harry is famous for his famous publicity-from-liberal. Love that harry Our protagonists 'angry at local police and citizens in San Paolo', killing two more on the offensive, lazy fishermen and equally-dangerous hardware entrepreneurs, the same M. Then meet Harry Jennifer! They agree on both laws and orders, making painting etc. Etc. A hot, love scene might soon be closed? We just led that to believe. The letters of this genuine male meet with real women crime dramas and we can meet Baraul-Dai, a Brasuli named Roy Parkin, both of which are boring and entertaining. Ray set up her "boyfriend" for years before the rape of Jennifer, and finally she will be with her. San Paulo Police Chief, played by Relief Eastwood co-star Pat Hingle (Hanging Judge of 'Hang M Hyi'), was curious with the 22-cal vasectomy of Kalhana's detective work, until we were one of his own adolescent boy rapists. Most like Jennifer's sister, Chief Janning's son is now a comet's adult, but he is crazy about crime. It can not end here, though. Dike rapist lovers, Mick, is now a strange sex militant, dropped a dime on Jennifer of Venus Bequez's judgment, summoned San Paolo to execute her further execution. Mick is sleeping at Ray's house, but her time is wrong, and she is arrested before spending more time with the verdict, because in most cases she was sent from Jennifer's Revolver shot to the island of eternal Lesbus. Psycho Mick takes a long fisherman hostage, shoots him for Jennifer. A nice backside ensues as Harry tries to keep these two from killing each other. It all ends well, good girl and good guy walking with a beautiful roberto flake blues song on sunset.
