Clint Eastwood astronaut Inspector 'Darti' in the role of Don Siegel's 1971 film "Dentity Harry" portrayed the super-strong, super-cool anti-social, non-nonsense movie-police with the role of Harry Kalahan. Following two signals, the first of which, "Magnum Force", pushed the first critics to a politically incorrect viewpoint, which encouraged many critics but encouraged the audience. The second signal, "The Enforcer" was again grittier, and was promoted as "the dirtiest Harry of them all". Although this title is related to the fourth film in the series, Clint Eastwood's own "sudden impact" is the most violent, worst, most violent and cruel poem of Harry films and my humble opinion, in seconds - <br /> <br /> *** Alert! In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Lock) men lures to be alone with her. Do these men not know the mysterious beauty of their former rape victims, the desire for bloody retaliation? If you want luck, the most difficult police in San Francisco, Inspector Dirty Harry Kallahan, who has been suspended again for the wrath of his high officials, spent his leisure time in this little town ... "Sudden Impact" is the tragic Kalhan movie of most aspects. . The film is extremely sunny and graphical violent. Harry Collan is more shocked than ever. 44 is not afraid to use it. In order to stop Magnum's problems, Harry treats his behavior with 'penguins' and even lets a person go away because of some murders because revenge-murder is fair on the basis of his opinion. Clean Eastwood is always brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood featured coolness and bad-mood as "no number in name" in Sergio Leon's dollar trilogy, and he did it again in the movie The Dirty Harry. "Sudden Impact" gives us the brutal Harry that has ever seen us. Eastwood's real life girlfriend Sandra Lock has fits very well in the role of revengeful beauty. Great Pat Hinkle, who had already worked with Eastwood in the "Tang Post" hard-hitting western "Hang" M "Highway" in 1986, acted as the police head of the small town, which has many other real frustrating skirmishes, including Kevin Major Howard (Stanley Kubrick's "Flower Metal Jacket" is known for his role) and Ray Perkins (Audi J. Neen) John has played the role of a suspect film, sometimes one of the most despicable and disgusting female characters. "Albert Popwell, who is a lucky bank robbery," is what you think is lucky? "The dark militant leader of" Denty Harry "and" The Enforcer " Harry is part of this section as a colleague and friend. "Sudden Impact" is the most exciting, distressing, and perhaps "Wendy Harry" The most violent of the strings (though "The Dead Pool" is not exactly the same) and my second favorite after the original movie of 1971. Of course, one must certainly watch for the Kalhan fans, and highly recommended to all the lovers of cinematic bad-asarari will do. My rating: 8.5 / 10
