In George Lucas' Star Wars movies, this final entry is often considered to be the weakest. However, this series is not a completely unreleased entry to say it. On the other hand. Certainly, this is not going to slow as slowly as before, and JDI's return still offers much for the price of admission. <br /> <br /> The first third of the movie, where Luke and his friends rescued Han from the Palace of Jabba Hoet, a classic. Jabba, who is speaking in his own language, is a real disgusting blob of lung meat, he is not only a great villain but also a memorable one. This must be a nightmare for the creation of these giant dolls, which we rarely give Spark and life to the products we produce. Indeed, this sequence makes fun which makes puppets clever for various members of the jabbar court, including the frustration, the slivering rancher and the fearsome Sailak Pitt monster. This creates expertise in his climax and always pulls the pins. <br /> <br /> The second work goes a bit slower around, where Lue discovers that he and Lia belong to the blood and when we travel to the forest, the planets of Adore, crooked, but still the house of the ornamental Evakes. Most of the allegations that I read on ZD's seems to have centered on the animals, because they have hindered the sound of the garden in some way. I do not completely agree, although at this moment it probably should take a little longer time. However, their leader, the wicket (played by Warrior Davis) provides a delightful memorable look and see how they manage the Imperial Troops technology with the help of their simple, natural weapons. <br /> <br /> আমরা তৃতীয় অ্যাক্টে যাই, যদিও গতি আবার বেড়ে যায়, যেমন আমরা সৈন্যদের বিরুদ্ধে ইওক্কসের যুদ্ধের মধ্যকার মধ্যকার মধ্যকার আন্তঃক্রিয়া, লান্ডো এবং বিদ্রোহী বাহিনী সাম্রাজ্যের সমস্ত নতুন অর্ধেক সম্পন্ন ডেথ স্টার এবং লূকের চূড়ান্ত শোভাযাত্রার বিরুদ্ধে আক্রমণ শুরু করে। With Darth Vader and Emperor The next relationship with the Jabba Palace sequence as the highlight of the movie. Mark Hilill again flexes his acting skills as Luis Skywalker, and makes him an unforgettable performance watching him as a fully mature Jedi Knight. Also, James Earl Jones as the voice of darts as bhada symbolically, into the hail, contested by the Krone-emperor emperor, played with delicious rasppy, terrible evil by Ian McDiarmid. The tension between these three increases the climatic moment's tension, which is densely blinking and gently covered. <br /> <br /> Star Wars movies have always set standards for special effects, and have done technical work to return. JDI can easily keep a candle from its predecessor. Space battles are always as fun, as well as a fast bicycle riding knockout through the forest. Of course, this film was created after a new Hope and Empire Strikes, it should not be surprising that special effects have gained better quality. Acting is renting classic Star Wars; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Kerry Fischer all deepened and deepened in their role, and Anthony Daniels provided more delightful moments as the C3PO. Frank Oz Ioda appears in only two scenes, but he made most of it. And yes, John Williams also has music. <br /> <br /> Everybody said JD came back to the middle of the middle of the first, and reached the first and third work style, it has become a satisfactory conclusion. <br /> <br /> <br /> George lukasa /> <br 1997 digitally restored (and punahprabartita) "Special eds" and re-released the classic Star Wars did Effects and / or added as shots. As well as some improvements Among the three, JDI's return star Wars has created the most excitement among fans. Perhaps it could be issued outside the place (even though you're so easily offended, unless funny), "JD raksasa" Jabbar palace musical numbers, which is technically amazing, though, that disrupt the flow of the film. However, I have seen scenes of the last Montage where we can see the winners' celebrations on various planets of galaxies. The DVD version of the more tibhinyera features - more montage last vision I see (significantly nabute, where we Jar Jar binke shout heard, "oyesa Free!"), And perhaps the most controversial changes, Hayden kriscenasena Your Views anakina skaioyalakarera visitors As Potentially intense (and inappropriate) disrespectful fans have somewhat frustrating work on EPISOD2: The clones' attack seems to be inevitable that fans will go alone for this version alone. However, if you see Star Wars Saga Croatian (and thinking about it), you can respond differently to the possibilities. However, it is a matter that fans have raised, so perhaps it should be good warning. <br /> <br /> এটি লুক্সাস এই তিনটি ক্লাসিক চলচ্চিত্রের আসল সংস্করণগুলি ছেড়ে দেওয়ার মতো সুন্দর, তবে তা দাঁড়িয়েছে এই পুনরুজ্জীবনের বিষয়ে তিনি তাঁর ক্লাসিক ট্রিলজিটির "নিশ্চিত" সংস্করণ হিসাবে এবং স্টার ওয়ার্স চলচ্চিত্রগুলিকে সম্পূর্ণভাবে একটি সম্পূর্ণ সাগা (লুকাসের উদ্দেশ্যে) হিসাবে দেখেন It says, it actually makes sense to keep it technically and naturally consistent. Original movies will always be carved in our memory, but these new avatars are very interesting, if anyone gives them a chance.
