Director / star Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" is an attractive addition to the series of "Dentity Harry" - the combination of crude filming and geniuses. It's a classic, compulsory, gripping pence between partner, shiny and others. Here are many shades of the first movie - The Shut Up "Em Up" Make the Day "Scenes" You Feel Lucky "In a reminder that a villain is vaguely reactionary to the first film Scorpio, the actor who played Harry as the first time here Just like a little Buddy comes - just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Harry Callhan is still in conflict with higher ups in the division, yet it still means hard, but now he's old and wearyer. His constant conflicts with his high-profile people are not always consistent with their metaphor for the internal conflict - respect and respect for law, the desire to serve the pure soul of justice, two things are not always consistent. The underlying theme of this "inconsistency" series. The first picture is a general question, "What about hunting rights?" - (Do they exceed the culprit? Contrary to this?) The answer to this movie was controversial, introducing a series (extremely enjoyable "Magnum Force") that began to draw lines between Harry's trial brand and pure, heartless alertness. Like Clint's other roles, the personality of Warrington Harry, the defendant's defense Although this movie has brought the victim back, in this case Jennifer (represented by Sandra Lock), who decides to ruthlessly and genuinely revenge the male (and a female) by the execution of the death penalty and now the inactive sister's rape. <br /> <br /> I would say without the dramatic play of the whole movie - I have mentioned before that the "sudden impact" has thrown the first film - it is actually a reference to the whole series of references and jokes (the misunderstanding about the last name of the captain - A deliberate superb, I believe). The relationship between Kalhan and Jennifer is fair - our rogue police hero found the soul-mate in this lady? And did he stand for a vigilant or a hunter, against the weak right of him and his sister? At the end of the film, there is a poetic addition to the exchange series between the two, which I personally found (as a fan) at a great speed. The last scene suddenly gave a fair measure of the collection of "Dirty Harry" to the perfect answer to the conflict that took place in the first movie. (Does not deny "The Dead Pool" - the extraordinary film is comparatively light-hearted yet comical, featuring a humorous Harry Kallahan, more like a character-defining film). <br /> <br /> This movie has been good in the theater - Reagan Era was the audience's audience and was quite interesting as it was, and the President itself quoted frequently: "Go ahead, make my day."
