This is a strange thing that works poorly in a scene (if only compared to other films in its succession) and others are amazingly exciting and powerful in the sub-plot. Suddenly, Impact is an event where Clint Eastwood shows the short time when starring as a producer / director during his superiority or when dealing with crime / mystery / intelligence stories in his poor Harry fame. We got the 'my make-up' line and the first movie is incompatible, where its 'I feel lucky' speech was great and for the first time cold and nails, for the second time in the last power, it was almost switched. He continues to have another quarrel with the department, as it is naturally, when he tries to fight on the 'his' path of crime, especially a diner robbery (inspiration for PL fiction)? And a senior citizen looking for high speed with the bus. He is said to 'take leave', and this is the last thing in his mind. This whole main plot is not very firmly convincing from the expectations of stories and lines, which only adds frustration. But soon his story is matched with sub-plots that Eastwood has developed from the beginning. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> A cruel, unfair sexual abuse victim (wrong, complete rape), And sleekly, secret-like, retaliation is taken. His scenes and stories are the most powerful part of the movie, the most intense, and finally when it goes to Kalhan's story (the killing that got his information in the same small town), this picture eventually found a focus in the classic form of Eastwood. Definitely clearly define good versus evil (though sometimes at ease, be sure). Eastwood Movies Flashbacks, do not say much about them, efficiently, in a fresh, experimental style; Trademark Lullo Shiffrin score is fully atmospheric in this scene and among others. It often seems that art-house sensitivity has penetrated into the firmly accessible dialogue style of Eastwood, which helps to watch the movie. It's embarrassing that in the end it is even more expected (or perhaps expected) for the points, and until the third, Kalhan does not have his usual 'Its Smith ... Weson ... and I' without Shotik I can not do anything. However, he came out with a very good performance with people (more subtle and sensitive than Gunnlett) and exciting climax of a museum park. In this way, I do not agree with Ebert's comment that it is like 'Music Video' in Eastwood style. I acknowledge that simplicity is comparable with the similarity of both, but the scene where Eastwood breaks form any music video is higher. It's Chesy, it's hard, it's not the same as the first two 'Harry' pictures, but hey, 44.4 may be a bad way to spend hours with a master.
