After "Star Wars: A New Hope", science fiction has been redefined and "The Empire Strike Back" has been defined again as "Star Wars", it is hard to believe that the third and final film of this triangle is managed as well as the other two Maybe, but this one really does a wonderful job. The first part of the film has left the last two films, which is an unbroken fugitive plan that deals with the incredible mystery and the performances of the first two films. Then the film is back to the rebel alliance and what is going on in the war. There are lots of steps in the scene to look at the final clash of the rebellion with the emperor. When the war starts, the audience already comes from the priesthood at the end of his seats, and this final battle is even more intense than other movies. This climax is more frequent with the action than any other part of the triangle, in most parts of the rebellion. It is increasingly changing in landfill (including Han Solo, Chebakacha, and Liya), in space (with Lando) war, and the clash between Luke and Emperor in the new death star, which leads to another conflict with Darth Vader. This is really intense because the rebels seem to be losing the result of the war, which will determine the outcome of the war and there is no possibility of escape. Although I think the storm of the storm of echo is somewhat distant, it does not seem very unrealistic because they were the reason for the confusion that the rebels could use, but rather than the actual threat against the storm, they were destined to fight their war. Lastly no twist or two can be seen that no one is coming, which may not be as stunning as "The Empire Strike Back", but still complete the very spectacular trilogy. With the sound of "A New Hope" Light Tone and "The Empire Strike Back", the film really completes it by mixing two on this grand finale. Due to the special edition of "Return of the ZD", it was a good idea to change, because in reality, most of the original was not needed. For fifteen years of technological advancement, Rankor's view does not seem to have deteriorated for as many as forty-five years, and sometimes invisible TI combatants, but it was good. Sarkalak's face was suddenly threatened and the high traps were being leaked, which was clearly associated with suspicion. Also, the disc was brought out from Jabbar Palace and the ending of the original was replaced by the celebration of a huge victory in the entire galaxy instead of just a small Ecoch Village, which was the real event and that was not really what it was a big story to deserve. It is difficult to say which three films were the best, but it is all part of the same story, the more triangle is like a big, extraordinary movie. A THIRD course for film fans must be seen.
