Well, I did not know when I saw the Fido cover, in fact, when I came across it in the video shop, I was tempted to rent this movie, but nothing about it caught my attention. But when I looked around Netflix, they liked "insane" scary movies, but they were advertising this mad advertising, so I could only give it a shot. I'm very happy that I saw it, it was just a great movie, it was absolutely sunny and very compelling to see. As I said, Plejetvili meets Nightingale of Living Dead, it's a great idea, what will happen after a mega zombie attack? We see another zombie comedy, Shawn of the Dead, they make fun with the bodies as "simple" citizens left. This is a very satisfying horror / comedy film, I think many people have been blown away with the dead body that it got boots. But this was a great story and Cast was perfect and it was made in a really funny movie. <br /> <br /> In place of the alternate universe where 1950s radiation from the place turned dead to Jumbo. This radiation still plagues humanity, turned into non-resident as all who died after real pollution. For continuation of normal living, the communities are surrounded with the help of a governing corporation called Zamkon. For the control of hunger hungry for jamcon wax, the caller provides remote controls so that they can be used as slaves or slaves. In the town of Willard, a housewife from Helen bought a zombie despite her husband Bill's Jimmy Phobia. Their son, Timy, Jimmy's friendship, named him "Fido". One day Fida Collar Malfucation and he killed his next neighbor, who became a zombie. Timmy zombified neighbor "Murder". When a pair of local bullies is held responsible for the missing neighbor, they take Fido and the team. Helen arrives and rescues Timmy and Fido from bullies and they try to forget the whole thing. After a few days, the neighbor's body was found and the assault came back to Fido, he was taken to Zamcoone where John was told that he would be destroyed. Timy told a friend that Fido was working in a factory in Jomkon. Timmy hopes to rescue her from a neighbor and help her get back a zombie girlfriend. <br /> <br /> If you get the chance to see it, I really recommend this movie, it's so stupid but a lot of fun. Billy Connelly did a great job as Fido and really brought, no pun intended, a lot of life in character. I think, the scene that most ridiculed me, at that time Timmy had to kiss the old lady of attacking Phodo, and his last words to him were very funny, "You were not really beautiful, but like flowers?" "And he buries in the garden." Zombombie's girlfriend, sick, annoying, does not mention the neighbors with the wrong, but the classic smile. I still love how it's like a world like the Liver It to Beaver-Esquier, but the film still has a lot of talent, so if you have Fido There is a chance to see it, but accept it, I am giving a good smile. <br /> <br /> 9/10
