Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and son Miles (Eric Per Sullivan) lead the country to spend a winter holiday from Manhattan's boring metropolis. On the way, they hit a piece and ended up stuck up the ice. There was a track to come along with a group of predators. Instead of help, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Spradocos) is crazy, because the accident cracks the fox of the bone. George, Kim and Miles are disturbed by Otis, and even worse, we quickly learn that where the Otis has been staying. In the meantime, Miles has been given a piece of Indian Indian converter (Indian reshaped soul / giant) which he saw. Otis is a psycho out to get our hero? Are there wendigos? <br /> <br /> I can see, where the WinDig viewer has many objectionable issues. This is a fairly low budget movie, which often shows technical limitations. Most movies, and perhaps it's all, are not really about the famous creatures. And perhaps a fatal injury to many people, this is a very confusing end, many questions are left without answering. If you are discouraged by this kind of ending and you do not like a movie that keeps tabs on your mind and discussing what you mean, please kindly and avoid the widgets. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like the movie as it is. I usually like some ambiguity. Wendigo's marketing wants to shake fast, terrible creatures, who are ultimately made up of them in hopes of a great war with some supernatural beings defeated and everything is clearly bound without the opening of Wendigo 2: Monsters Returns, but that's not what this film is like. Wendigo is a lot more thoughtful and poetic, such as an animal will recommend most people than flick surface. Hack, author / director Larry Facenden, even George, a character created by Robert Frost. Frost's poem, and George's comment, is that Frost can reveal complex imagery and atmosphere from simple things, which is the origin of the film. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the film is its complexity. In this case, there are four different movies at the same time, one thread of each letter. At George's thread, he is not the happiest or most happy person in the world and he has some parental problems. For him, the film is a realistic, horrible descendant of his life, which is becoming worse than the worst. In Patricia's thread, she is looking for her life and family resurrection. He denies most problems a psychologist, hoping that they will go away and be better. At Otis thread, he reduced his fate more than George, and George's arrival represented the final "crack" symbol of his mental armor. And Miles's thread, which is probably the most important of the film, is like a grand poem due to her youthful innocence in life and explanation of the world. But this is a horror story, in the end, though one in the light of hope, and the events of the film give a dark look to the poetic interpretations of Miles. However, when everything is said and done, the poet's perspective seems to be the only one that can maintain its balance. <br /> <br /> While the film is low budget, there are many good executions high budget ambitions. Facebook and Photography Director Terry Stacey found some great shots in beautiful locations and created some interesting slideshow like Montage (such as cards or Indian Indian Idol photos of books). Also there are more traditional montages as attractive as Miles' nightmare. Wendigo shots better and edits than many big budget movies. <br /> <br /> Good for other tech directions budget. At the end the "Wendigo" look was working for me and was hesitantly hesitant. The light was generally good - there was nothing as clear as the dark scenery was, but it could be a problem in the movie stock (this could be instead of digital) or relocation. I think performance is better than most movies and much more realistic (if you find it valuable). Although I did not really score the score, it was certainly ok, or I noticed it with a negative verdict. <br /> <br /> Overall, Windows is a very good movie without the former idea. You should not remember the movies that you see.
