It was a double interesting experience. For some reason the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century was never a central figure in the movie. The closest to the film with LegalStain, I think the Champpine for the camera, where (like a "Deus Ex-China") has heard a point in the great person's radio quiz show, so that Ronald Colman is proven, after all, the correct answer is given later, and where the bullet hit Albert is a dozen leading physicists and scientists who are genuine vitiligo The victims were stolen, they wanted to steal some of their machines. It is noteworthy that in both the cases and IQ we are dealing with the comedians. Nobody has tried to make any serious film about Einstein's life, such as attempting to do one in John Hobart's Montgomer Cliffe in Fred. I guess it is very difficult to get into the science of mathematical equations or the mysteries of electro-magnetic field theory in the exciting dialog. But then, just three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer did a wonderful mind. Maybe nobody tried. (Later, after writing this, I remembered the successful comedy Youth Initiative with Yahoo Sirius about 10 years ago, but it was an exception and it was a fool.) <<br /> Another surprise is Actor playing great Albert. Walter Matou was also spending time in the last decade of his career with Jack Lemon's series. Martha was a highly talented and talented actor both in comedy and drama, but generally his comedians took the form of his "Weeple Wiley" Gingrich from Fontun Cookie. They were connivers and gonifs. Later they spread their criminal tendencies because we were able to grow like them, but they were annoying. But his Albert Einstein might actually be sweet. Willie likes her coach more than Clark. <br /> <br /> He plays Albert as a good old uncle Albert. It looks like Matthew Einstein is living with his nephew Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan) in Princeton, and he sees James Mortland (Stephen Frei) a staff professor. But the fries need repair, and they work on Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) where it goes to the auto shop. Robinson rayan, who is attracted to him - but he feels that he lacks mental resources. With the help of his three friends (Lou Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher, and Gene Sax), he decided to give good old uncle Albert Robins his help and described him as the genius of the Unrecognized Physics. It affects Ryan and will open the door of romance between the queen, but the verdict will not harm a bit (as she expects). <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is sweet, such as Matthu and its kissing, they test a super physics (switches their body parts) that help robins to cheat. The plot finally proved that false Robins has built a nuclear-powered rocket ship - which brought President Eisenhauer's (Keny Curtis) picture to the nation's interest. <br /> <br /> It's a charming comedy, and an interesting stretch for math that she was not as tall as usual, but much more subdued.
