One of the most important artistic movements in the history of the film was German publishing, Berlin's highly atmospheric style of film making in the 20's. The classic movie "Das cabinet Das D. (1202) and" Nasferttu, Iain Symphony Des Grievance "(1922) was the most famous direct result of this movement and this movement did not have long life, although its dominant influence on the movie can still be felt today, especially One of the main identities of this genre is Paul Wenner, who will be director of "Dole Gleem, We Are In Die Welt Kam" of the 1920's, The first year of his debut as a filmmaker, seven years before the classic creation, he had already experimented with expressionism in the film. Another horror film in the form of the first prototype of German expression: "Dear Student Vote Prague". <br /> <br / > "Dar Student Vogue Prague" ("Prague Student"), Baludin's Story (Paul Weizner), who is known as Prague's best fan, but One who has always found himself with financial troubles, one day, after dropping him in a horse crash, Baludin recovered the beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from the lake, and Baludin immediately fell in love with her and tried to see him again, but soon He discovered that he was looking forward to his rich cousin, Graph Von Schwarzenberg (Lotha Koranar) Who wants to marry him? He wanted to know what he wanted to be rich, and here a magical scene called Scapinelli (John Gotot) entered. Scapinelli offers infinite resources in Balduin in exchange for whatever in his room. Beludin complied with the proposal, only to be afraid of horror that Scapilene wants to reflect on the mirror. <br /> <br /> Inspired by the classic legend of the short story "William Wilson" and "Faust" by Idgor Allan Poey, the German author Hans Hinj Yars, the story of "Dar Student von Prague", is a master of horror literature and any other writer One of the first authors considering writing as a literature. The movie was written at a time in Germany where "Dare Student von Prague" is being developed as an art form, actually shows the real desire to use the movie to actually film a completely new story outside the trick or scene series. Like most writers of her writing, the year's screenplay is still influenced by the theater, though "Dar Student von Prague" starts to move away from that style. In the development of his character, some poor (especially in helpful characters), the ears made Baldin an attractive and complex protagonist. <br /> <br /> Although "Dare Student von Praag" was Paul Wijner's directorial debut as Abhishek and film producer of Stilan Roy, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a great idea about what the movie could do while working properly. . Using Gideo Sibar's cinematography to make great use, two young filmmakers create a strong Gothic environment that predicts German filmmakers of the next decade. Wenger will learn many techniques in his cigar and rye "melting" series. Regardless of having very limited resources, Rai and Wagoner manage to create visible and visual effects for a great and highly believable (for its time) beloodin reflections (also played by Wageer). At the time of making this film, an experienced stage actor, Wageenaar, has played a leading role in acting and also tried to move away from previous filmmakers' Stacy Style. <br /> <br /> As Balu Din, Paul Wigger is very effective and probably the best in the movie. It must, of course, completely disclose his character solely by the author, but one can not deny that Wenger was very good in the role of one poor student who lost more than his mirror reflection in his contract. John Gott played a sinister Scapinelli with mysterious aura that suits a glove-like character. There are some things about Scapinelli in the film, but Goto ensures that he is afraid to fear. One of the main throw less fortunate, most of the counters Berger counties made as a margin, and Von Schwarzberg created a poor graph of Lothar Coroner. However, it should be said that Lida Salvovo was very good in her evocative character and Fritz Wademan created a nice spell of Monkey Waldis-Schwarzenegger, who showed Lorner's character. <br /> <br /> In other countries these years are working and the rebuilding (made after 13 years of this film) is superior to every possible way, it is not difficult to understand why the "Dare Student Vogue Prague" has not been standing for the exams as well Other elementary films The film's main problem is of course very low budget, because of which the film is relatively small, so the film is relatively small. This seems to be a bit vague for the plot, even incomplete, as something missing in the description (of course, the existing print is incomplete). However, the film "Dar Student von Prague" has a very interesting initial attempt at the horror and suspicious complex story, at the time when other filmmakers have less than what they are doing, have given a strong impression in history. As a direct predecessor of the German publisher movement, it is difficult to deny the extraordinary importance of "DAR student von Prague" in Germany's history, perhaps more likely in the history of the film. It may look even dated for its time, but considering its director's limited resources, it is really better than most of the films of that era. Starting with Paul Wigger's career, the German publication, "Dar Student von Prague" must be seen for everyone interested in this part of the film's history. 7/10
