The first film made by Zaiti the Outlaw Hero (Santoro Katsu)'s own production company, perhaps it is a little less entry in the series, though it is not fairly weak. This tells our hero that the two cities, the rival boss and a mysterious Ronaldin are not helped to help the poor, and a story involving tragedy, violence and any interest from this set up spins, they all serve with unhappy but inspired sword lashing, which is one The trademark of the series. It is a fairly anticipated plot and it is mounted in vague fashion, but it zip along style and striking material. For example, Anupam Ranen is an extraordinary unknown revolutionary character, which proves to be an actual favorite or heroic picture, which proves to be an upshot of the established order, the Jyotishi itself makes one or two mistakes and gets hurt by its actions, even though the governance system ignores the exploitation. Poor This is a harsh world, one or two more glue than the expected moment in the war, although they may not be as enthusiastic as they are. Shintarto Katsu transforms into a general brilliant performance like Jyotichi, loyalty with the feeling of sadness, fatality and sadness of sorrow, when the difficult task comes from Rendro Mikuni and effectively effective Nishimur (later Katsu's higher "snake"). Maggiye in Hanzo Trilogy) as the two main busses in the film. Yukoh Hamad also has a good emotional change as an unfair woman. The film loses frustrating passes and events according to a well-ordered sequence, at least a slight flashing time jumps and the power of the plot is lost, which means that when the films get warmed in the end. As it may be exciting, emotional effects are also lost. Jyotishi's activities or scenes are managed well by the director Sasuo Yamamoto, using some of his skillful skills, although some gambling is less attractive and the film is actually produced in a creative way rather than a creative way, in living characters or anyone else's installments. Still, I enjoyed it, it has flaws and it is not one of the best in the series, but it still packs a nice story and appropriate dosage, delightful sweet delightful dosage, captivating and playful trophy of Jyotishi trademark. The series is recommended for fans, and a reasonable entry point, although not a great great class stuff.
