It's a good reason to reflect on Matador because it is seeing once, it looks very light. Humor is always medium-gauge, never illogical, but pregnant. The story is a very simple thread. The features of the plot are often reusable features, such as a bad guy for the sake of a dish, and a good person wearing straight people glasses for the protection of living and learning from each other and fulfilling each other's living standards. It is a sheer cruel thing and strong enough to bear the symbol itself because I find bullfighting and find parallel parallel stories. However, it really is a good movie, because it seems so thin and irrelevant at times, it was not. It's a fine way to connect with viewers. <br /> <br /> I believe it slowly but because of course it lets the audience take some of them because it is a formula though it is not new, even mostly humorous, both main characters, virtually it only letters, somehow acquired and acquired acquired Is. Forgetting their real calling. That does not mean that I do. I think that Pierce Brosnan's dirty, feminizing, hosing hit man is an isolated humorous character, but he certainly understood the author and Brosnan firmly, who is aggressively communicating with James Bondless who is breathing his breath of air. The character of Greg Kinnear seems to be similar in his isolated script, but there is some unexpected footnote that passes light pavement to the film for a moment, but after only a moment hit us. We then realized that this movie is not only analyzed, but the planes, trains and automobiles again say firmly. It's really saying something. <br /> <br /> The final measurement of the film is a kind of partial twist that wants to be a thriller. But with her light, how can it be the focus of film, even though the plot is moving towards it? No, the Brosnan and Kinnah focus each other out of their impossible relationship. Strangely, Matador A picture about sorrow and loneliness. Brosnan expresses loneliness and sadness every day and even though we do not understand why he is so noticeable and constantly interrupting his life with Brosnan, but gradually it is understood that Brojanan protects Kainar from a more inferior version of himself. Feelings as a way of salvation. The last scene of the movie is with me. It is, I think, where the effect of the film's subtle side-step is finally starting to cautiously.
