A team of archaeologists unveiled a real treasure ?? Sheba Queen's Crown From Egypt, the crown will be replaced by steam in San Francisco. But it will not be an easy journey. There will be a lot of thieves who love to get their hand in the crown of precious gemstones. Thankfully, to engage everyone, Mr. Motto is holding hands to guard the crown on his journey. However, this does not mean that some people will not try to wash their hands. <br /> <br /> After Mr. Gloria's disappointment with Mr. Matt, I'm Mr. To spend the best holiday in Mote. , But, scared, fearful fears But in the first 10 seconds of the film, I knew it would be more enjoyable. I'm a hungry for the mysteries of the 1930s genre, which shows some of the features of archaeological excavation in Egypt. And German archaeologists look at Moto as a disguise (imagine that Peter Lor is playing a German?), The early scenes really inspired me. Although the movie could quickly move to San Francisco at least, it was enjoyable. Dark, dark characters are hidden on rainy night; Miss the narrow head of the gun that fired from open windows of guns; Sophisticated and inferred foolproof alarm system begging for someone to test them; And the master is believed to be criminals dead ?? The many mysteries of the 1930s that I love are such elements. And Mr. Motow got all that got a holiday. For me a couple other bonus is always enjoyable Lionel Atwill a nice little role, G.P. Comic relief from included. Huntley is really funny, and the return form for Mr. Motor. I've already mentioned his disguise in the opening scene of the movie, as well as athletico Motto came near the end of the film. Moto activity is like a flashing dervish as he goes after his victims. All this and I did not even mention the wonderful performance turned by Lor. In any case, you see it, Mr. Mottle is a holiday winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate Mr. Moto series will end after this installment, you understand when you think about it. WWII was near the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a Japanese hero did not play a movie very well. At least Mr. Motore's series ended in a very positive note.
