I again saw this movie as an assignment for my management class. Various management styles and ideas on quality (product) were mainly commented. I stuck in this trap and it looks like it's good (but not cool) movies. I always liked Michael Keton's style and delivery. He was fit for the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm a little surprised to see fewer ratings for this movie. I give you yes it is no Oscar winner but it has decent comic value. It's a weird comedy Farce's rather a fine comedy's more. I found something that thought it was a movie on cultural and business differences. I want to be different. I again offer you many general and dramatics but again Hollywood movie is not a documentary. From the fact that I read about the differences between automobiles on either side of the Pacific, many policy ideas were correct at that time. <br /> <br /> Some basic differences were realized by Japanese workers as part of the company as a whole. Teamwork was emphasized. They probably made companies above all others. Where American workers were more of a management income, the type of labor. The person was more important than the company. I'm sure that you can get some hate emails about the comments. <br /> <br /> Another difference was how the quality was shown and its liability was fixed. In many Japanese trees it is found that the error or problems are examined and specified when it is discovered. Rather, a character from the film "It was a seller (i.e. dealer of problems)". Most of it is probably dated, but I'm sure there are still several US cars. The creator is still struggling to keep up with the Japanese. If I am more interested in American, European and Japanese automakers, I could suggest a book that read this book in more detail and was made near the same time period. The name of the book is James Wamack, Daniel Jones and Daniel Rus. It is about a research from time to time and earlier automakers across this film. Part bits are dry but I think you'll get back to it many movies.
