Much neglected that it's not just a classic, it's the first 3D game or even the first shoot-up-up. This is one of the first stealth games, the only (and definitely the first) one of the true clustrophobic games and generally a beautiful integrated gaming experience. Graphics today with a very awesome date, this game puts you in the role of BJ (even * thinking * I'm trying to spell his last name!), An American P.O.D. Catch an underground bunker. To achieve various objectives for six episodes, you should fight through the tunnels and find your way (however, let's face it, most of them only provide an excuse to supply you arms, surrounded you with the Nazis and sends you to the destruction of Nazi leaders ). Graphics, as I mentioned earlier, quite date and very easy. Originally a 3D team created by a professional team of at least detail. But if you can get over (and some would say that this simplicity only adds the effect of the game to you), then you have a good shooter / snaking game hack. What are the games, health and ammunition, explosive enemies (previous enemies of Nazi and every chapter of "enemy foe" section) that are in search of various disadvantages (which will move you further in the game), unlocking the doors and looking for a secret room. A bonus is counted after every level of beatings ... how quickly you go (basically, if you beat 'equal time'), it gives time to go through a tester at the same level; It may be fun to try and beat, And how difficult it is to find your way, how difficult they are after many playgrounds), how many Nazis you have collected (treasure) and how many bad guys Who was killed. Basically, if you've got a 100% mentioned earlier, you will get a bonus, which will help you reach high quality high-score placing. The game (mostly but not always) of the game has two reversal methods ... secretly or all of the gunman and allow everything you see. You can run or walk, and a knife in your weapon ... At the moment it is heard that at the moment you enter the same room as the room, such as gunmen. Many guards stand standing behind them, which means that you can walk behind them and whip them ... almost silently. In your inventory, you can get more weapons and two keys less about weapons. Key unlock key. Most of the doors in the game are not locked ... only what are two types of keys, and these keys are only presented in the next stage (you can restart life, resume, surgical, health, and restore life in each chapter). The next most game is spent for them. Now, as I have decided, this game is based on a lot of time (in the early '80s, early 90's) on the basis of extra life ... Personally, I think it is completely and completely vain (it has been mercifully removed from here) ) Last ... I think (?), From the next 3d shooter and later), since you can save at any time and using 'life' surgery, health and ammo Reset, such as starting a new section (which is a real pain in the next stage, where you need * heavy surgery.) Now, I'll hit Bush around now ... Going to the gun! You mentioned above the knife (which is silent but only effective Effective) and start with a pistol ... is not very special, but it is better to save time and again against the next two bad guys. The weapon is a German sgg ... a sub-machine-gun, it's fast and automatic, and after some time the enemy uses it ... and the last one ... a little bit of a gatting gun ... and well! Think T2. Think about unloading a huge amount of lead in Nazi fiends with such guns. It sounds as it's every bit as entertainment. Most of the boss enemies use this, though, so be prepared. I will not reveal the identity of these boss enemies, but ... to discover his (or his) soul for each player. The sound is excellent ... very sticky and realistic. Due to closing your back door when you hear the fire of machine guns, the deaf metallic block or Nazi woke up or alerted you in Germany, you really feel that you are here, trapped in this dark and gloomy bunker system. This has given me amazing detail in the level design ... as you run through the seemingly uncountable, almost the same parallel hallways take you forward to the next elevator, you are stuck with clostrophobic mood. I got a speed sickness almost once (though it may have some sleep, heavy moisture and unusual warmth ...). Although the detail level is not very high, yet what a great Hunting residues, guard quarters and countless Nazi symbols ... the list is underway. The game has several features of Gore ... for a limited graphics engine, John Romero and Cru must definitely keep the blood and make sure that what can be done for the game. What's left is ... its first type, and it's no surprise that it's countless other 3D shooters. Sure, weapon and various height levels (stairs and so on) did not come until this type of entry later ... Doom ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D Which turns on your view switching feature (so it goes just outside the left and right side, it adds vertical dimensions), and jumping does not come up to the third, next heading (first earthquake, possible? Fellow gamer, help me here). But all games, as well as the rest of the series, this one owed their existence. So load the liger, open the door to enter the bunker and take action in the BJ shoes ... he deserves recognition, even after (or even especially?) Nearly fifteen years after he first appeared. I recommend this to all fans of 3D Games. 8/10
