At first glance, this image looks like the Keifer Switcherland Series 24 for the big screen The President's assassination plan in the United States, a nation against time and a large number of secret service agents focus on the plot to kill the organization under Sentinel's Spotlight. <br /> <br /> Wait, the drama is a veteran Secret Service agent for the role of Michael Douglas' character Pete Garrison instead of taking a bullet of rage in 1981. SS agents are specially trained to "take bullets", which makes them special - who will keep themselves in the right mind and the line of targets? But Garrison was involved in the plot of assassination and at the same time, during the investigation of the plot, he would run for his life. Due to its failure in the polygraph test, it was the first time since the first lady (Kim Basinger) Tsk. <br /> <br /> Clint Eastwood has a shadow of the line of fire. Featuring both aged actors, and old historical historians have become heroes with a historical reference, those duties take bullets on their respective tours. Eastwood's film has another intelligent villain among John Malkovich, though Sentinel suffers from a lack of central firm villain, sharing the responsibility of killing among the most dangerous former KGB villains and sharing the joke between President's detail. With Daulas from the law, he is the Fugitive. At the same time, at the same time as Richard Kimbell, a guard was hired, he relied on his memoirs to expel fellow agents, which proved to be very interesting. Despite the surveillance process, it still lean toward the performance and happiness of separate agents. <br /> <br /> The top TV star of Care Swittland and Eva Longgharia, today's 24rd and Depatrete Housewives, has been featured in supporting roles in the Secret Service investigators who are looking at possible involvement in the plot of the murder of Garrison, and sometimes closed off CSI pages with their forensic skills. Seems to have done it. The chemistry of the beautiful couple was similar to X-files' Fox Mulder and Dana Schoolie, but these two were very little here. We know why they are in this film, and their fans get to the theater. The logographic role seemed to be unable to diminish his sexy-mom Gabrielle, and here it is fairly low-cut blouses (Catherine actually puts her on cover) and tight pants (crazy festivals for fellow agents). However, it is still a very attractive look in the life of the world's most charged and intense protection, and is a common threat faced daily, in which the most powerful people in the world, following every harmful threat of life. It's a decent mystery and investigative thriller, keeping you entertained with enough concubines. But one thing, though, like most end sequence sequences, it's a big enough wound for you to fly a jambo jet.
