Charles McDougall's Rezus includes episodes for 'Sex and the City', 'Desperate Housewives', 'Queen Es Folk', 'Big Love', 'The Office', so he brought all the certifications for the film version of the film. Meg Volter's novel Sarrender, Dorthi is a success. And in most cases, he directs to manage this potentially harmful story of the loved one's sudden death and how his life-response responds. <br /> <br /> Sarah (Alexa Divals) is a beautiful unmarried young woman, her best friends - gay dramatist Adam (Tom Ever Scott), Adam's current Sean (Chris Pine), and married couple Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter Josh Hopkins) with their kids - for a summer vacation in a house in Hampton. This group seems happy until Adam and Sarah made a trip to local ice cream), which resulted in the death of the whole accident. Meanwhile Sara's mother Mother Natalie Swedenlo (Deane Keaton) has an active social life but with sincerely saluted greeting 'Sarrender, Dorothea', this girl is called constant daughter, she is playing elsewhere: When she calls her, she returns immediately when she dies To Hampton, where his boyfriend's personality and sorrow have created friction between friends. Slowly but surely Natalie publishes secret information about each of them, and speaks about the whole thing, though they will return to her life. There is a big change in the drama thirsty party for true truth, and it is only through the love of the shifting Sir that they are finally merged. <br /> <br /> In these roles, Diane Keatan walks the thread together in his best drama and comedy and its appearance, together with the story. The screenplay has its moments for a good line, but it has a lot of fillers which gets a bit heavy and makes the actors uncomfortable with the given lines. Yes, this story has been called many times - the effects of sudden death of their lives, which have been changed by their disclosure - but the film goes past Cast motion and has enough real entertainment to look at it. Grady Harp
