Love director Michael Devil's wrong title version wrongly said, "After the love at the top, one of the left in the movie says," Like the first touch of joy and crime, like the quick and fearful spontaneous young man's skin disease, Montana power. <br /> <br /> The New York Times's Vincent Canberi said after the premiere of 1974: "Love at the opening of the 68th Street Playhouse yesterday, the French comedy of 1973, which commemorated the rise of youthful enthusiasm and enthusiasm for the English comedy of the nineteenth century forty-five century? Yet, he noted the significant difference that love at the top is concerned with the English class system No ... (January 27, 1975) <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Leaveing ​​an assessment to a single person, of course, did not do the right thing to test. What to say after more than 30 years It may be that we can not find movies like Le Mayon Enriz where frustration seems to be innocent, where liaisons are jointly enthusiastic, where feelings are so harmful. <br /> <br /> For fans of Rami Schneider, this photo   অবশ্যই দেখতে হবে বলে মনে করা অসম্ভব বলে মনে হচ্ছে, কারণ সে তার একদিনের অভিনয় (যেমন সে তার সমস্ত ভূমিকা পালন করেছিল) তার জন্য নয় কর্মজীবন (তার হঠাৎ মৃত্যু 9 বছর আগে) কিন্তু সে এখানে বিশেষ করে আকর্ষণীয় কারণ। It is not triable informal, where it is said, 'fleeing compulsively' and the happy ending of Rami's sweet image, Sakaryan meets her most discouraged publication by Sisir, but in a film where a brilliant actress gets a fair role. He starred Robert, who became the subject of the lead for the story, Fakab Nicholas Mallett (Jean-Louis Trinigentant). This is the person who earns financially from Liaison. This film can really boast of the memorable and unique shot of Rami and he gave some of his very good views. Rami's sexual appeal is unforgettable here. <br /> <br /> Another strong point is to make content effective with the development of personal ideas. It may seem immoral, in contrast to the director makes a perfect use: Convention versus joy, innocent vs frustration, Genuine Last vs. Helpful affair Most of the features that viewers may like or hate may be owned, or interesting, nicola; Nevertheless, viewers must consider seriously his characteristics, and not saying, all of them must be accepted. Therefore, one is directed towards a unique, slowly, wild, uniquely unique world of the main character. Although he is sleeping with many women, there are two women who represent the opposite world of Nikola's Robert Groucht (Romi Sknander) and Marie-Paul (Jane Barkin). He uses them, loves them, can not refrain from their desires and desires for money; Yet, he understood them differently. Yet, despite this 'adult maturity', he is like a tiny little boy who plays with a toy car in the table - in a humorous way, 'the details of the mind of the man in detail ...' Finally, there is a very good performance, which makes Le Mayon's enzymes a little undervated. Romney Schneider does not do a brilliant job of providing visitors with an extraordinary insight into her role, but young Jen Barkin seems believable in the role of young Paul, the inexperienced street walker Mary Paul, is the perfect way to make Jean-Louis Trintignant possible to see it Nikola. This artistic merit in performance, takes great music by Saint-Sans, which will ring your ears for a long time. Therefore, some errors in the film, such as simple color, slow motion (sometimes), potential clichés (noticed by some viewers), should be significant. <br /> <br /> LE LOUTH ENERGAGE, collectively, is a clear manifestation of the opposite manipulation tools of life. Watching moments in Romi's career, valued lover, opposite passion, love and hatred, as a moment of miserliness and hatred compared to the first orgasm and the first grapes ... But we're not the people, 'viewers,' film buffs built on such contrasts?
