I can not say much about Calefia, sadly, I still can not see the whole thing (I only saw it in bits and pieces of fuse.) But what I saw is absolutely amazing! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt but I do not admit well in all his previous movies. But in this role, I think its acting is great, its character is very unusual in the beginning, it is strange, strange, but you know that kind of normal for a mountainboy. And Juliet Levis's performance, though I can see that some may be upset about it, I think it's awesome. Sadly, I still can not see the end, but here it is better to read reviews than another, but like frustration. I would like to admit that I was a bit flat on David Duchovani (if he was spell-bound, sorry) but that was right for him. His wife's character was good, and I thought of her acting when the movie was not the best, the picture was a portrait of the avant-gard / big sister type. Especially the scene where Early and Bryan go to play pools and Adele and Kerry are together together. I have seen the scene at least twice now and still think it's just wonderful to act in it. One of the emotional feelings of Edel after talking about rape by three people and how he feels about his early and carrier's reaction. I think that everything is just so perfect. I mean, maybe it's because I'm a bit concerned, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> We actually see Brad Pitt playing the serial killer; I thought he was great. Pitt's few movies I saw were not only average or viewable. I have never seen a terrible pit film or if it is not because of my acting, I do not think so. This movie was not one of them. She turned a great performance in California. I swear that I'm not just random like him, I do not like him to act because he looks good, that means I do not have his character in this movie beautiful or beautiful in any way! Pitt is dark, brooding and occasionally sinking horrible. Yet he is delightful, funny, beautiful, even loving to Adele. There are some spots that want me to reach TV and beat him, but maybe this is my (and the character played in Pete film). But it also shows how Pitt's performance was good in the film, I forgot that he was playing a character, good acting What is supposed to do. <br /> <br /> I could have said anything at any rate, but without looking at the end I can tell the truth, through most of what I found in Fusion, I have seen most movies and I too 'I am writing this so I hope to tap it on DVR I can write more complete reviews later. I just wanted to share my thoughts in a movie that I think was really cool and something that was overlooked (it should not be!)
