I saw 'calfili' before (almost 10 years ago) and I still remember to be very impressed by it. So I wanted to see it again and what I can say is that it still does not lose its power, even though I used to use it a lot more than ten years ago. <Br /> <br /> The story of 'Califilier' writer Brian Kasler and his girlfriend Kerry Lallin said, who wants to go to California. But they step through step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step to a plain. He wants to write a book about America's most famous serial killers and create matching images. But because they use a large amount of petrol in their car, they decide to take another couple with them so that they can spread the cost of travel. Only a couple added the answer, so they will automatically be lucky ones. But they have not met each other yet and when the other couple is watching for the first time, their journey has begun, Kerry has smiled. If you want to be impartial, he can only reach the conclusion that Early Grace and Adele Connors poor white trailer park trash. He definitely does not want them in his car, but Bryan really does not mind taking them with them and stop and decide to pick them up anyway. Firstly the couple does not seem to be bad after all, but gradually the primary Grayce changed into a innocent murderer from a trashy hillbilly ... <br /> <br /> The story is very impressive, so is our four Lead played from. Incredible as Brad Pitt's early Grayce Its performance in this movie may well be its best. The same for Juliet Lewis. She plays childhood and homemade girlfriend who does not want to hear bad words about her first appearance and she really is very good. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are a wonderful addition as well. Both of them have done a great job and I'm really wondering why we did not hear from Forbes again because of the fact that he really got a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> Throughout this it is a very exciting and exciting adventure with emotional thriller, but due to graphic violence, I can imagine that it can not be the taste of all (although I do not see any other way to reliably portray a serial killer ). Personally I really liked this movie and violence has never bothered me (it is very important to exclude a part of the story). I award this movie with an 8/10.
