Although I am grateful to this vague gem of 70 Italian-absorbing movie features in the recently released "Greenhouse Experience" box set, and although it is also available in the wrong and fool-free alternative titles "Exemption from Death Road", but I really think it's a fair and luxurious The DVD version is eligible, completely with subtitle options in its original languages ​​(Dubbing really is in vogue Stock), quality of retrieved photo and special bonus features! Hack, I do not even need the quality of the pictures retrieved and bonus features only if we can see the movie in its original language. The highlight of the highlight "Mr. Frank and Crazy Tony" is a delightful speedy mafia / crime clash with a lot of violence, comedy (which does not always work), feminine beauty, and two hostile characters. Tony Lo Bianco is considered to be the biggest don of the city, and it is awesome as a small thong. When the true criminal Lord Frankie Deo (Lee Van Clif) comes to the city, he sees the opportunity to climb up the stairs with his service. Frankie initially ignores a little crew, but eventually Frankie's entire criminal empire will turn against him and they will form an unlikely team against a new French criminal prime minister who killed Frank's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they move towards Marseille to take Frankie's revenge. This sadly neglected crime Moni script changes the radioactive actions and mysteries with the comedic light bits, for example, like the unusual carriage through the streets of narrow French mountains. Build-up is extremely harmful and genuine killings are common for the general mafia execution sequence (managed by the excellent ridge ortolani score), which is likely to be a part of the Greenhouse Classic. The film lacks strong female leadership, the lovely and amazingly intelligent beauty Eduze Fench is shown with sadness in only a few scenes, and still in the background. Men behind the camera, responsible for the fantastic cinematography, Joe Di Amato was then less. Great film, highly recommended to fans of Italian exploitation, and I hope to see it again in its original version.
