I did not listen to Leo's Caracas until his fat cell in Tokyo last year, and he was easily standing outside three of the film's stories. It was not my favorite of shorts, but it was the most unique, and most symbolic. "The Bridge on the Lovers" was the first of its full-length features, the painter romantic movie that uses imagery and music to interact with a rude young love that flows on poetic. Although he is classified as Neo-Novell, he is well enough for his film to remain silent as 60 experimental narratives. Gordard and Trafaut are closer to Gene Vigo and G. Gaddin's Jean Vigo. <br /> <br /> She used black and white and heavy dependence on the first episode of Girl Carcass in 1984. On the visual representation of the emotional status show on visual presentation. He combined the overwhelming world of Madden, but the reality which does not seem to be stable like the cocoto, due to its publication, it is attracted like more accessible, psychological and vigour films. <br /> <br /> Story Boy Match is simple, and like the two pictures below in Caracas, this "young lovers" trilogy. A boy, named Alex, has fallen in love with his best friend, who has been dumped by his girlfriend, Dennis Lavant (who played Carક્સ's next two films starring Alex, a character played by Alex). In the first scene, he killed his friend with close friends, but stopped the deaths. She walks around reminding her of the bedroom of her neighbors, and her girlfriend and best friend intimate. He steals the record for him and leaves his friend in the apartment, but avoids contacting them directly. She is roaming around and found her way in a party, where she shows a suicide child, and the image becomes part of "breathing" and part "limlight". <br /> <br /> She is advised by an old man Sign Language "Speak for yourself ... Today's youth forgot to speak." The old man gives a story to play on silent movies and how to act when an actor becomes horribly "lion" in front of the camera. The film is where he hand tips, but the additional mention of silent film is an important scene, because it covers the content of the film (silent and evolutionary), the material (a lover tries to apply the courage of the young) and he really wants to do things ). Although Alex was worried about the first and romantic words, he was a lazy actor who became lion for the enhancement of his inner feelings, which is not easy to get from moment to moment. A scene is seen in this picture where Alex comes back to a room from the party where the guests have kept their children and children, everyone is crying, he fills up the room until he He started a child's show tape and became silent. Unexpectedly an error reveals TVs playing a secret bathroom camera which ultimately misses Mrs. herself about sobbing herself in her wig. Although Carcass is very confident of being self-reliant and admired in adolescence, he is trying to say (the children's room full of sleeping), he is mature enough to see the boyfriend's primary ridicule in everything. Film cross Even the rich old, the ball of the ball has a brother in his mind. In another scene, a former astronaut looked at the moon when he was walking quietly with a cocktail. <br /> <br /> While Karzie was ostensibly in film, Karax was a musician, when asked about the pipe when Dead Kennedy's "Holiday in Cambodia" or an early David Wife's song, a piano or a girl slowly and steadily slowly. Broken we see blood poured from their shirt, when a couple kisses on moving 360 degrees touch, as is connected to a carousel, when Alex enters a party, it goes out of a place because it is the most interesting person in the world. Presence; Like a famous brain who can not talk due to the bullet submitted to his brain, or standing from the astronaut of the Miss World in 1950. This missing link between Gene Piër Jeanette, Michelle Gondry, and Wes Anderson is similar to the artwork and curiosity of the Caracs films, these scenes have different scenes, music and emotional signals. <br /> </> Every line of dialogue, every part of the music, and every impact and editing of this movie shows some emotional level with me, I lack a few words. There are many stories to meet a boy, but rather than a detailed search of a special event banner, this film captures the joyful nature of teenage passion and depression. Other movies you want to watch can wait. See this first. If I had made films, then I would like to be like them, actually I want all the films that were such, where the hungry life grew, and life itself became a dream.
