In the past few months WWE has created the worst pay-per-view in the history. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December were impossible to talk in December in December and so it depends on their B brand show, SmackDown! Attempts to end a high note year. Armageddon had two big bombshells in the Last Ride and Infra match, there were three championship lines, and an interesting main event in the form of a Tag Team battle featuring Batista and John Sen against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to the championship matches that brought us a match of the best candidate of the year, not only in the match of the night, but also in Teddy Long fans fans in the presence of our first Christmas. Changing the WWE Tag Team Championship match to T-League Champions, London and Center, Rigal and Taylor won four titles including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to live up to this issue. I can not say anything more than why it would be more like justice. This will be seen to be believed. There were many high stains and many more brutal obstacles and awkward landing. On one side, what was to say was that Joey went straight to the emergency room through a competition. To take full strength to Jeff Hardy Mother Hardie, leaning towards a stairs placed on the opposite side of the spectacular scene with both members of the MNM. Unfortunately for Mercury, he did not stretch his arm to protect his hands and took the full straps in the nose and kept his eyes. This was wicked. There was a quarrel immediately to see all of his face and was surprisingly ending this Wednesday night. We later found out that he suffered a broken nose and cut under his left eyes. Caution This heart is not for vague. This roller-coaster match ends after Paul became able to grab a championship belt for victory in London. I've been wrestling for almost 15 years and it does not get better than this match. Incredible <br /> <br /> The Fourth IFROR match at night is open at night. Cain took MVP in a good match but it is apparently not about step and really step. There were some closed calls with firefighters for both the competitors, but in the end it was Cain, who forced MVP to fire after the two rings ended. His butt was burning in the fire when the MVP ring barked bark barking and it was a part of my sickness that smiled at this. I can recommend to Michael Hayes that MVP will come to SmackDown next week! Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire <br /> <br /> Another hostage match at night, and the second match of the triple main event was Mr. The last round match between Kennedy and The Undertaker. The hardest match that started from the beginning was Undertaker and Kennedy was the best of the series. Used poles, chairs and a scene were fired by Armstrak Armageddon 15 feet, which was thought to be concrete floor. Unfortunately it was plain to see that it was nothing without a crash mate and the crowd did not pop for this. At the end, after a chuckle called The Dead Man Kennedy, it was heard that, at the top of Shois, Tomston won a match. <br /> <br /> Other notable cases from the card. Chris Benoitte defeats Chavo Guerrero by submitting another hard match. Benoit was very good at the time when he hit 8 German slicks in Chavo. Benoit Viki is considering whether Guerrero should be kept in a sharp branch. Thankfully he came to his senses and let him go. As a result, Chavo tried to roll up this so that she could enter a sharp shirt to submit it. Another cracking match on the card was <br /> WWE's longest champion cruzweight championship competition, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Young. There are many flying and dangerous spots that take place outside the ring, a match that is far more deserving than the reaction of the crowd. JBL made this time the best when he started sitting in Richmond on one by one in Virginia Virginia and started a rare scream. Helmos took a knock on his knees after a Javreckar type manuver with SmackDowns! Resident Redneck <br /> <br /> <br /> Boeingman disrespected a mood. I hate Boogeyman with a passion. Very audible value for JBL's annoying about Mijs. JBL Comedy Gold <br /> <br /> The last match of the night was the number of major events 3. World Heavenweight champions, Batista and WWW Champion, John Sen Finlay and champion champion King Booker agreed to play. . There was no way the match could top the tag team championship match before, but it was not at all entertained by at least anyone. The match was even more memorable that it got an extra five to ten minutes, but how many times did I say that this year about the WWE is already in place. It was King Booker who ended a match after a big wicket. <br /> <br /> So for the double WDU it's scheduled for each time it's viewed. It started with a new year's revolution in the beginning of the year with a terrible note but ended up with a height with Armageddon. This leather match will be remembered for the longest time ever as the greatest Cedar match. My hat closes all eight contestants, but their bodies force fans to play a game.
