OK. I got admitted. I'm one of those dear ones who spent my hours with my favorite DVD player and my wonderful television set for many hours with science fiction series. Star Trek (next generation) was my first place date, and then I've switched to regular partners. I looked at all, and my choices are «Lexx», «Farscape» and the new «Battlestar Galactica», in other words: the state of the new, industrial space operas. But, I've got general crashes like old fashions, cheaper cheap, four BBC BBC shows «Black 7». Here, budgets seem to be smaller than Habitat, special effects are made in Commodore 64, but the script looks sharp and intelligent while writing with dark smiles, acting serious and occasionally even higher classes? <Br /> <br /> But why do they always speak English in space? Because it's not a future, it's imagination for kids. Nevertheless, it may be irritating from time to time. I, as Norwegian, often suppressed this terrible truth that does not create series such as science fiction for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought that this incident happened ever since. But it did, in fact, even in my own country, Norway. My two year old Fernescinestratrat (TV Theater Section) created a three-episode version of the Blipassuszer (The Stoveway), the hell of our national public service channel. <br /> <br /> When I first heard it, then I Until this day, the show was only seen in Norway, it was actually impossible to see me. It's also running in Swedish, Danish, and Finnish television, in time, but it was long ago. It does not have any video or DVD release, it is not frustrating, and when it was shown in an Art House movie, it happened in a city away from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another truth about «Blinpassage» that does not surprise me, it was written by two Norwegian authors Tor Edge Brunshvard and John Bing (Bing and Bringswar). Both of these basically presented the symbi style to the Norwegian in the Sergius; They reveal anthology and what they say is a written prose. In my opinion, Brunswick has written two of the most interesting topics and a number of great and entertaining novels, even most of them are ridiculous, such as «Bazaar» and «Civosvarskas region Frost» Any other than this guy, a well-acclaimed playwright, can make the script of «Blind Pascar». <br /> <br /> When I finally got to see it, it was a strange Sweden who recorded three episodes in VCR. Of the 80's, eventually it converted to DVD and it managed to give me. She was an excellent block. So I sat and saw Swedish subtitles, bad words and some scraps and errors; But the incident happened and I was surprised that I finally came to love it. <br /> <br /> Black 7's spaceship and the outside of the planets are good, and credits went to the credit studio to create the famous Flaclippa Grand Prix), and inside Marco Polo (space ship) I did better than expected. Acting is generally a theatrical, but it works better than it is playing Ibisen, it retains lightly, and Bjen Flüberg plays his role firmly, such as Trinity London. Legendary actress Honey Crane has provided a long and impressive vowel line that fits this style, but it is a group game and I'm happy to say that Olha B Johansen carries her torch with fame and Merit Ostby is really a hot spot about my standard. <br /> <br /> But is it really good? Well, the one-on-one end of the one, the severe criticism of «modern society» must be eliminated, but yes, this is really not really fantastic but charming, cool, nostalgic and delightful. One and a half hours of classic Norwegian SciFi.
