Sur Mes Lèvres or my lips is a good subtle thriller that examines the lives of 'outsiders', who live in the perimeter of our perspective, who struggle with the need to 'fit'. Director Jacks Audiard and co-author Tonino BenQuista made an intense, tight, completely entertaining little thriller that gives some significant statements about ordinary people and their plays. Carla (Emmanuel Devos) is a generic Jane, mostly deaf, thirty things, a conscious editor for a company whose life is social and sexual isolation and future looks rather silent. Write Paul (Vincent Castle) to a recently published pre-con parole, who responded advertently to Karla's assistant. At the first meeting there is a mutual physical disability: Kara was expecting a disciplined, honest man who could fulfill her fantasies and Paul is a clerk, who is obscure, idle person, who is not influenced by a clerk. By filling a request to steal a letter to pay for his job, Paul recovered the ideas of Carl's job and quickly changed his ideas and discovered the power of Paul Carla's lip reading, which he saw as a way to spy criminals from the past, threatening his life, and receiving the money. So this strange couple joins the army and together they enter a dangerous mysterious journey to achieve Paul's safety and independence. This relationship coincides with unlucky characters, and these unlikely characters play a role in their lives, which, in a wonderful way, fills chin in the walls of isolation. <br /> <br /> and Castle performs the performance of Bitter and the rest is identically strong. Again, Alexander Despatte has created a musical score that raises the tension and finds all the right lights and angles to illustrate the isolation of painter Matthew Wadhipide characters as well as to explain the concept of Hitacchian sensation. Director Audiare wisely used a sensible and transformed factor for the story: He shows us the difference between 'hearing' and hearing without hearing, and thus makes some strong social comments. This is a fine film that is best in the French film Nir. Recommended. Grady Harp
