Pixar has achieved tremendous success in years with full-length CGI animated films. "These Bugs Life" is one of the few features that have been created so far, it was the first feature-length "Toy Story" of the company's pre-debut debut, which was the first feature-length CGI movie. I think when this move was widely publicized during the Liberation War in the late 1990's, I actually did not see it until November 2006. I saw this twice this month and after more than three years, I saw it the third time. It has never affected me like a Pixar movie, but after three scenes, I still think it's better than some of the movies that I have seen from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> A colony home in the island of An Island. These ants are forced to gather food for a gang of wazards who come and take it every year. Flick, a member of this colonialist, who has invented, is a bad reputable inventor for creating problems due to his innovation, though he does not have the meaning. One year, when the colonization has finished preparing for the annual offering, Flake accidentally hurts it in a stream, hurry to get it! The grassroots leader, Hooper, has decided to give the second hunt for food collection and has prepared it by the end of the season, but his gift will be doubled! Flick advised to the Royal Council of the colonel that he would go back and find "warrior bug" to fight from the grasshoppers. Princess Ata, future Queen, lets him go to this mission, so he will not surround the symptoms, when the colony will try to collect food for another proposal. The inventor finds a group of a bug in which he thinks the fighters, but he takes them back to the Ant Island and presented them, he learns that they are not actually a warrior, but the circus bug! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second Pixar feature may not be completely surprised letters. To me, none of them really could afford as much as possible, and generally it seems a little short. Fortunately, it's not like "shark tails", it's a movie with a stupid and extraordinary lead character. "A Bag's Life" is a favorite main character, which can be rooted for viewers. The story sometimes seems a bit slower, but in most cases, the film is good enough for at least moderate entertainment, and sometimes there is some good mystery, especially later. Humor like some other aspects of the movie, it is not as good as it was not good, but there are obviously fun moments, some of them involved with Francis, the lady of men, sometimes a woman is wrong. You can always expect great animations from pixels and their animation is not an exception for this special effort. As well as offering all these movies, it may be frustrating for a Pixar standard, but it is also a reasonably family entertainment.
