(Originally a movie reviewer who said the life of a bug, very fast, very fast - he was "frustrated and tired" by the visual, and ignored the whole story) <br /> <br /> Okay, first stop, I 26 years old, have a job, go to school, and have a fiancé. So maybe I brown and it's really good to hide ... but I just do not come tired or dazed from the life of a bug, because I appreciate it the second time that I can not even start even realistically spectacular visitors and artistry - because of the reason I went to see this movie for the first time, I inserted so much into the story and the letters that I felt I'm sitting there seem to frame each apparently. Flick and its road-to-jerk-well-aims How can you not express feelings with life? "Hack" In fact, I have identified myself with the little worm (not to mention some other bugs) in a lot more ways than myself ... and it's about myself, how it is telling me about the incredible film, its beautiful eyes are a complete candy Than the book. Of course, it's nice (grass, trees, rain blisters ...). Of course, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this film is not just an excellent form of art and crafts, but a wonderful explosion of movement and color. No, it would be a bug's life static if it was all and no stories. But, I'm glad to say, it's not! A bug's life has a real heart. Yes, there are a lot of things going on in the field along with story-science, but the reason is that the stories and characters are actually in their depth! Not only does this mean a kids 'movie' because you have to close your brain at the theater door - the kids are smarter than you! Besides, I think the Pixar crew made it for them, even before their kids ... and it shows the amount of heart. This movie is moving, touching, funny, playful, and usually engrossing. The character development in such a ensemble welding is amazing, the character is a major amount of growth, and not only the main character - the animation is very rare and often in movies usually. Once it's created, it does not hit your points - every scene, there is a reason for each frame story and there is no void shot. Always explicitly saying exactly what exactly means being subtlety, me, folks; It does not make your movie "dumbing down" and the viewer seems to be stupid, which is mostly not it. I can remember, if you see a bug's life and do not think it's a big mistake, you should not hurt your friends, there was a crush, fell in love, was frustrated, nobody would hear you Lied, felt like a social mistake, got excited with a new idea, came up with a great idea, what you think is g Law was a great idea, which was scary and later confident, for a moment, felt pressure of responsibility, standing for himself and your loved ones, standing alone against the crowd, felt like failure, felt like big success, felt the need to differentiate your life with others By doing ... well, you get points Final word: A + rating from me; Please, if you see, try to watch it in the theater (pan and scan video will not work for this movie); If you like Toy Story, you probably like it (Pixar knows how to make films with heart); If you love it, check it multiple times or you still do not know what is missing (here the details and the low value are significant); And whenever you feel really less, then this is a seed drama, okay?
