Although I do not think it was a perfect 10, I agree that it was above 6 which it was rated here. No, the Brocadown palace was not perfect and yes its been plotted much earlier. This does not mean that it should not be done again if it is not done again and I think there are some powerful moments in this movie. Claire Dance's performance, as has already been mentioned several times, was like Kate Beckinsel's faultless and I think Bill Pullman was very helpful (Pullman's wife, infamous police, skip or trip or whatever its name). The cinematography was beautifully portrayed, something that was good for this movie, even if some negative (the three major issues I have found) were also good. <br /> <br /> I do not like the friendship between girls-in fact, the girls have not developed their own personalities-until the late till the film did not develop deeply. It was not impossible to lose a positive rate earlier, because, despite positive, more character should have been improvised and some scenes such as girls were originally arrested, almost enclosed, so for the sake of many things, without the development of the character and the scene, I think this kind of Suitable for the movie. That, however, is not my main problem. And warning-speakers ALERT. <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, it was impossible. It was awful in two cases. First of all, although it was predictive and very much Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was a mental and powerful ending, but in such a movie, there is a sense that justice will be arranged and I would sit to see it. I was really amazed at the end and everyone was involved in acting with excellence, but I think both girls should have been out, or, at least, at least the police got what they got. I mean nothing bad event, they all get away with it. Very boring <br /> <br /> Also, I do not understand the last ambiguity. I understand that in the inspiration behind for a thought, but it is not a mystery or "clo" type movie that we see, and want to know something about what happened, who were criminals etc. Left to decide for themselves, but since I would have a signal without any doubt, I did not want to guess. Still, at the top of the list of the likes of this movie and still played, I would say this is a rate of 7.5 and it definitely will be worth a look.
