Two best friends Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlin (Kate Binsell) decided to celebrate high school graduation through Hawaii in the film "Brokodown Palace" directed by Jonathan Kaplan, but Bangkok, Thailand, have much more fun. They changed plans and their parents decided to move to Thailand by changing plan plans. While they were in Thailand, they met with a handsome man named Alice and Darlin Nick Parks (Daniel Lapine). He told them that he would trade in Hong Kong's first-class ticket for three economy tickets so that they could spend in Hong Kong on weekends. They accepted his proposal and after entering the airport, the two were arrested for drug smuggling. They are convicted and sentenced to thirty years in prison. I think Kaplan is trying to show the viewer that it is wise to make good decisions, because in one example a bad decision can change the way of life for ever. Also, the friendly face can not be friendly because we think we can know the real objectives of that friendly face once. The girls did not decide to tell their parents that they changed their plans and it changed their lives forever. The decisions we have shown to us are a fun way to show us what we have decided. Sometimes life is not fair, so the choices we think are long and difficult are important because we can never go back and we can change what we like. <br /> <br /> A great setting for this movie; It was mostly portrayed in Bangkok in Bangkok. This film also contains great music; Some of my favorite songs are 'Silence' by Delirium, 'Honeyd' by Plumb, Sarah Beatman's Delivere Me 'and Nelly Furtado's' Party Start Right'. I went out and bought this soundtrack after watching this picture. These girls, where young and naive, and their plans fail completely to think, anyone can make a mistake, so this film is good for any audience. It makes a difference whether young or old - we are all subject to the mistakes and mistakes. However, I do not like the way I leave this picture - who really smuggled drugs? - I definitely have to give up two thumbs in this picture.
