We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but in reality there are one or two people who you really feel close to, whatever you can say is like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlin (Bekinsell) are like that. You can see that from the beginning. They graduate together, they go to parties together and they decide to go to Bangkok when they are supposed to go to Hawaii. They have become barbarous for trying to smuggle drugs in the third world war and it surrounds the disaster. The rest of the film is not alive and without hope. It has a strong message of friendship power and it can mean something to anyone. <br /> <br /> The Brocadon Palace is a very good movie, it's not awesome and it's a few things that I want to tell about. But first I want to say, what is good for the movie. And the top notch acting for beginners, and you can see more than two leads. Their role in Danes and Beckinsale is perfect. Alice always seems a little rough around burning and edge, but she seems more fun than Darlene. But sometimes that fun can get him in trouble. Darlin is always a little too conservative and may sometimes be annoying, but following Alice instead of his way, it served two daughters better. Bill Palman as an American lawyer in Thailand has enough The film is very good photo. Returns to prison or paradise until it is like the Shawshank or the killers of natural birth, but it shows the desirable (but inexplicable) disappointment of the position it is in. Janithin Kaplan's order is also good. We saw every day struggling for two girls every day, but you can see that their soul is getting a little more every day. The Brockdown Palace is excellent talking about friendships and it shows how they have to rely on each other to survive. The comment I would like to make is the film's soundtrack. It congratulates the sense of firmness and perfection of film. The song that you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie and when you play it, you feel the plight of women in this prison. You can feel alone how and how they can become depressed and feel that they can go back to simple things in life. And it lets you look at yourself and understand how fortunate we are in the society we live in. Music is not a perfect catalyst for reflection on this topic because we are not easy and believe in some countries. Some music is done by a group called Delilium (I think), but it's Sir McCullin (misspelled, but how do you spell his last name?) That tracks songs and his voice beautiful and hunting and it adds so much more than <br / > <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I did not enjoy this picture about some stupidity shown by girls. I will not say what they do, but when you see it for yourself, you know what I mean. I also do not really think that the prison they were in prison was all bad. It looked more like a minimum security prison and it may be because in other movies when there is similar situation in the same foreign country inviting men, prison scenes are always cruel and evil. But I did not get it here. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie, and it really asks you, "Will you go to a friend?" It is a difficult question and perhaps one that can hold us in the same condition until we answer honestly. Let's hope it never comes.
