After removing my thoughts about 27 times, there is a feeling that I can now win this review for a complex French drama "My Lips Reid". After writing over five hundred reviews, I did not face any harm to myself such as the fine, yet inspirational love story of director Jacks Audiard. This picture was worn about what love and hatred was, and when "love" was empowered, it was the material that hated my mind more controversy. "Read my lips" is a drama. To be more precise, a character-driven drama that aggravates social uncertainty with criminals, including daily office functions. Where is this review started growing here, all of these items ?? But it's more ?? Many, much more As a spectator, you were immediately drawn by the portrayal of this fragile woman named Emmaanuel DeVos, whose power is lost in her office as well as the difficulty of listening to her. When Adyar is not wearing his help, moving the word from the screen touches us strictly, not just from the characters in the film, but instantly causing unrest to the observers. Without sound, the world is open to any possibility and it is scary. <br /> <br /> When we saw this difficult and uncertain lady in her life, we gave up on eviction to meet Paul. Vincent Castle performed very well), a drunken back hair, wearing a torch who was released from prison, homeless, unemployed and forced his parole officer to get a job. How Karla and Paul meet together. Instant, unsettling has the moment that attraction. One where we think he loves him, but he is dark (and where does it get more fun) ?? And where we think he loves her, but she is dark. Continuous role creates contrary opposite voice. Who, as the audience, can we feel most sympathy? Paul sleeps at the office; Karla helps him; Carla lost an agreement to a competing colleague, Paul helped him; The ability of Karla's lips to read lips comes easily to a make-up idea for Paul. Waiting for some light brighter prospects through this dark cave, leave your chair behind you and behind the jump. It's not Audiud can not be this story, he constantly presents more of our characters; The next one as the seedy. Even our rock, parole officer is questioned in the absence of our firm foundation ?? This is a theorem of the movie that made me angry for the first time, but it was one of the main finishes on the next controversy. If this is not for our characters, then none of this can happen. Deos' serious and housework look exciting, because he changed his picture for Paul; Her beauty is true discovered. Paul, the film's wildcard, apparently eventually uses friendships for its final funeral and misuses it. Then, we guess one, Karla takes one last shape. <br /> <br /> Adiyar knew his extraordinary actor kept his characters. Castle and Deos could only play cards all the time and I still sat at the end of my chair. The story, perhaps the weakest part of this movie, is the first random. The incoming story seems to be unattractive at first, but audiovis lets them connect bits by bit. Again, the entire parole officer segment was a tangent, but that final scene ended only in the way. The vague word does not try, but this complex (yet completely simple) story is difficult to explain. Lots of things happen, but it's up to you to attach a piece. A favorite scene trying to discover when Karla has some money. The use of words and scenes was brighter. It was exciting, it was dramatic, and it was a trick to see this mystery manifest in front of your eyes. <br /> <br /> Overall, though I initially though it was a mid-French French film that I could easily forget when it was ?? I was wrong. "Read my lips" for the discussion opens the floor, with just the letters, but the circumstances. Ruling for curlers in one scene after another, and then you'll find Paul. When discovered by Paula at Paul's apartment, I was very angry at myself. Audiard brought true passion on the screen with its character and development, and what was she lacking in the plot ?? The actors were able to carry. I can easily recommend this image to someone, but be prepared; This is not a time-watching film. Repeat the method. Repeat the method. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Grade: **** Outside *****
