You may know that 11 directors are asked all over the world to create short films for 11 minutes, 9 seconds and one frame. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): Can Afghan refugees break the tower? Neither do anything. A great lesson. - Cloud Leloch (France): A weak plot with a great cinematography ... Just imagine a deaf woman, that anyone living in WTC does not realize that her dog is torn ... okay. - Yusuf Chahain (Egypt): The best is the condolences of the East Filmmaker ... For everyone: One of our soldiers who killed ten years ago for the people of Watts, but also killed a Palestinian suicide-terrorist. Maybe less entertainment movies for us. - Danis Tanvic (Bosnia-Hrzovovia): Good pictures, we travel, sure ... not a very good plot. Idrisu Woodrogo (Burkina Faso): One of the world's poorest countries, one of the five sons who wants to catch Osama bin Laden is a flexible and funny story ... and they could do it but nobody believes them when they say they know where he . Ken Loatch (UK): September 11, 1973, Chile entered the bloody autocracy twenty years long. Thousands of deaths, torture: everything given by Hilary Kissinger and the CIA in Chile, and this intelligence to know about the changes in your intellectual perspective! I received the special brief reasons that any American movie distribution company released our movie theater movie release! In 19373, the WTC was created, forgot the time! - Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico): We know very well by printing the images, and many black screens. I did not get it too much, it was more than an artist video (show on an exhibit). - Amos Gitai (Israel): A strange ballet of police, journalists, etc. near a burning car in Jerusalem. Have done very well. - Mira Nair (India): On September 11th, about the anti-Islamic feelings. Very good real - Shan Pen (us): A funny little story that reminds us of a truly forgotten, WTC was a huge shadow, and in some places now they have no day. - Shohi Imamur (Japan): A different one. There is not a word about the WTC here, and the move to the end of WWII is taken. It only has a message: no war is sacred. This small film gives a very deep feeling, but the director has been working more transparently for more than 11 minutes. --- So --- a great movie, a great effort to take the world temperature. I love it
