It is a thoroughly barbaric story of how bad things can be wrong. A simple robbery. Take some serious changes. Get our finances together and everything will be hunky-dory. But? Jewelry store of mom and pop? There is no problem. Insurance provides it for all. No gun No one hurt. Easy money <br /> <br /> Older, more successful (it will be present) Brother Andy (Philip Semur Hoffman) has some minor problems. Heroin addictive, cocaine habituation. Is that a wife (Marisa Tomomi)? Well, he does not seem to run for. His flat stomach day has gone. Younger, sweet, slightly younger brother, Hank (Ethan Havk), had problems with some of his own diners. The child's support for his daughter is behind the payment, the credit of friends and relatives, and not their proper creator in the workplace. <br /> <br /> This movie, Sydney Lumeet at the age of 82! (!), And it gets 99.99 percent correct, which is hard to do in a thriller. I have seen more than thriller in mind and most of the time the film is printed and lives with the completion of plot holes, impossibility, chessy scenery and accelerating. Here the lumen industry makes a thriller like a work. Every detail is perfect. Acting fantastic The plot has no holes. The story is true and clearly spread and presents a story about human bondage that will honor the best film makers and even the birds. <br /> <br /> Hoffman is certainly excellent. When you do marquee, leading to the presence of people, you will get on talent, elegance and pure concentration. There is no stranger about the role of Ethan Haq, sweet, little person, he added a layer of depression and the misconduct of all people so that we do not grieve him or tear him. Albert Finne plays the father of a pedestrian son with that strong intensity of his age group. And Marisa Tomomi, who, along with her unique creativity, as well as the magical qualities of sex, both Andrey's two-year-old wife led him to be both weak and harsh as a nail. (But who can blame him?) This is a condolence of commercial romantic images of five or ten stars of a movie review, but if you read this movie, then all the ambitious filmmakers will be well advised, you are very kind (mostly to Hollywood producers) for the real industry. The details that make up the attention draw attention - only the artist can do the punishment For the light and indeed can not help. (Anyway, I think there are 20 producers of this movie? Well, maybe a dozen; check the credit.) I can say briefly, the author of Sydney Lumet, the excellent movie, and such an advanced age show your craft and your industry as honesty? We can all do half good. <br /> <br /> OK, 00.01 percent. It is perhaps impossible that parents (Albert Finney) could have followed cabs who had taken shelter in New York without losing the tail. It's minor, and I want all the thrillers to have a little hug. Lumet also decided not to tell us about the fate of Hong Kong. We can estimate and guess. Perhaps his fortune fell on the floor of the room. Perhaps Lumet was not satisfied with the illustrated and the time had passed, and he just said, "Leave it. It does not matter." And I do not think so. HANK is not going to be good. He is not a person who manages to move to Mexico and is able to start a new life. He is a man who receives a "light" sentence from 10 to 20 and serves it and finds out such a narrow man who knows that he was not really a man when he was. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet, Best of Hollywood, The Pawnbroker's Director (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day After (1975), Network (1976), and more.
