In New York, Andy Hanson (Philipp Simmur Hoffman), an addicted executive of the Real Estate Office, who embezzled huge amounts of his addiction and costly living with his wife, Gina (Marisa Tomomi). When an audit in his division is determined, he is frustrated for the money. His youngest brother, Hans Hanson (Ethan Huq), has a complete mood that gave birth to his girl child every three months and every Thursday afternoon there is a love relationship with Gina. Andy plots a plots of his parents' jewelry without using gun on Saturday morning, working an old employee and expecting to find out without financial losses to his parents, insurance companies will pay back losses. On Monday morning, we will raise the necessary money required to cover its surrender. He invites Han to participate, because he is located in jewelry where malls can be very well known and recognized. However, Han Yelaws and the thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. Bain) invites the shop to steal, but his mother Nanyet (Rosemary Harris), when Clerk is substituted and Bobby brings a secret gun, it goes wrong. . Nanette reacted and killed Bobby, but he was shot dead deadly. After Nanate's death, her father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decided to investigate the robbery with the tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before The Devil Knows You Dead" is a comedy of death, a well-released story. The originality and difference is on a screenplay with a non-linear description "Pap Fiction". The eighty-three year old Sydney Lumeet has done another great job and it is impressive for this director's longevity. Philip Semu Hoffman is extraordinary in the role of a sick person with depressing relation to his parents, who think that the world has largely been separated due to his insecure and tired brother. Marisa Tomei still shows a fantastic body, impressive, superb and sexy. Violent conclusion shows that the world is really an evil place My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ants Kui and Diabo Saiba Kui Voke Esta Morto" ("Satan will know before you are dead")
