The entire title of this movie is' You know that you are dead in heaven before the devil knows that you are dead ', a recycling of old Irish toast' You may have food and clothing, a soft pillow for your head; You may be 40 years in heaven before you know the devil. 'First time photographer Kelly Masterson (with some modifications to director Sidney Lloyd) has written a melodydram, which explores how a family can be isolated when running the external forces in unforgettable final steps. This movie is allowed to be fully visible by viewers but is increasingly completely by a family, but here's a very intelligent manipulation of the flashback / flash-forward system. We have made these mistakes very wrong by the robbers by offering different benefits in different ways at each and every center of the central events, on this competitive incident. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philipp Semu Hoffman), a wealthy executive who married emotionally necessary Guinea (Marisa Tomi) and was addicted to an expensive drug habit. Her life starts growing and she needs money. Andy is doing a good job - a life of the ruins of the younger brother (Ethan Huq) - he is divorced from his brave wife Martha (Amie Ryan), behind mischief and child support and everything from his friends, and he needs money. Andy proposes a small, main cash robbery for a fast, cash-rich, small-mole-and-pop jewelry store for both. The story of the melody jewelery involves men's parents - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy hanake cash ahead and ignored a deal that would rob Hong Kong, but agreed with Hane with a 'failed-safe' plan, even though he appointed a friend to take Hane real job, the car In Nannat, while submitting for regular clerk, robber robbery was killed and he was shot dead. Disaster publishes many hidden information about the family's harmful relationship, and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hanak (and their respective partners) each start wondering at the disastrous end. <br /> <br /> Every actor in this strong but emotionally shaped film gives extraordinary performance, and we hope from Hoffman, Huq, Tomi, Finni, Ryan and Harris, from the direction of the Sidney Lumet, which makes this movie so incredibly strong Makes It's not an easy movie to watch, but it's a film that allows some of the barbarous performances to honor us, a movie that makes us feel weak in many families. Grady Harp
