What a tremendous crime thriller !! My wife and I watched this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was a great movie to have an extraordinarily strong gesture. This is one of the favorite movies of all time after DR. Strongvivov and I went home and I was sensitive enough to discuss my film with my wife. <br /> <br /> I do not want to ruin this plot because these caliber thrillers can be enjoyed without enjoying it completely. Two brothers, run by Philip Simmur Hoffman and Ethan Hawk, plan to loot a jewelery store in Westchester, New York. The film comes back over time in almost two weeks time (before, time, and robbery), and a main scene is repeated at least three times. Generally, this may hinder the motion of a movie, but it never happens during this excellent composition. Excitement, excitement, and even the quality of the performance just got better as the film progressed. In the end, I kept sneaking at the edge of my seat and kept it silent. I know that I used some clichés in this post, but I was literally on the edge of my seat. I should mention that it is quite easy to follow non-linear tales. This film is not something that will ask your friends to explain the plot during the movie time of the audience. <br /> <br /> The acting is quite brilliant and I suspect that I was not so perfect in casting if the same praise for the film. A small charge is not to look like Hoffman and Haq brothers, but it's a small scar that I can easily ignore. Hoffman was very good at her and some of her scenes were positively electric to Have. Very good to support the role of Marisa Tomomi (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as Huffman and Huq's father). Can I still remember every comment, gesture and facial expression by Brian O'Baren and Michael Shannon? Absolute perfection The robbery scene I felt more authentic than the robbery of any movie, and in most of the scenes I had a similar feeling especially with Hoffman. Helps to pull the music across music, often the same notes are very effective. I was playing music on my head the next day, even I was sitting through other movies. In addition to my petty accusations at the beginning of this paragraph, there was a plot twist which seemed somewhat unbelievable (main spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this image is perfect near perfect. There were about ten dozen great movies in the festival which I used to see second time, but before you knew the goddess, you were standing in a league. Its own On one side, director Sidney Lütte spoke before the film and took the stage to the stage with Marisa Tomomi and Ethan Huq. Tomi did not talk and she was a little shy, so Lumet asked, "Can you believe that someone can be so beautiful camera-shy?" That comment is quite ironic considering the graphic opening scene !!
