Two daring brothers (Philipp Simmur Hoffman and Ethan Huq) are tired of competing with big f *** up and who likes Daddy (Albert Finn), so they are designed to loot the Mummy and Daddy's jewelry in hair-brains. Law Shop so that they can clear their debt and start fresh. Sounds like a great plan that it's a suspicious style melodrama of 1970, which has been a foul mistake and the boy, two of us unaccustomed and involved, are really wrong for everyone involved. Evidently, the scriptwriter Kelly Masters has been classically executed by producer and director Sidney Lumet, "The Devil Knows Dead Before You", he uses the hijst to enter the depth of McGuffin's family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sydney Lloyt is not dead. At 83 years of age, he apparently made an agreement with the Devil to give a final great movie. Lumet was "Jetteth" in the 1970s with movies such as "Dog Day After," "Serpico" and "All Time My Favorite Movie". He is able to create a film that carries all the features of his classic and interacts with some modern elements (graphic sex, violence and time-frames and playing with Pov) in a cracking, vibrant, lean, meaningful and provocative melody. . The only hope that the modern metros (such as Skarsis or Spielberg) appeared in Lumet in the same decade was at the top of the game, after reaching this age, this chhatzah was left. <br /> <br /> A master to create a flat tension and to move through the space for the development of letters. Through its perfect Manhattan office and apartments, his slow-moving camera like Cast Waltzes creates a clear sense of concern because we never know who can be around the next corner or what this person can do next. Also amazing how the Lumet uses multiple PV and transfer time frame approach. The coherent and scholarly presentations that he uses make similar films, Wonders of Christendom, Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Innerrue seem to be amateur. <br /> <br /> Of course, Lumette is the best, which indicates the amazing pair and they played in one inch of their life. Philip Camu was never a Huffman, and probably would not be better than he would not be here. Albert Finn's silence has been betrayed by the father's deceptive script, and an excellent composition for exposing the last part of his rope. Ethan Huq, usually a nondescript fantastic boy, looks at her charms and looks as long as the emotionally impatient younger brother who has been skate by much longer. The visible continuity between Houpman and Marisa Tomi is the coup d'édes as the coup trophy wife. Since William Holden ridiculed Bettis Strait directly on the best supporting actress Oscar in "Network", Lumet led his passionate scenery through emotionalism. <br /> <br /> There is a detailed description of any big movie devil, a piece of trunk of his car in Albert Finney, which will not stop due to mortgage binding, Amy Ryan (will stop her amazing turn) "Gone Baby Gone") her former husband Ethan Huq gave his damned commitment to his little girl. All three of them know that he does not want to make a family arrangement for the family at Skide, quote it for begging for the culturalists (my favorite line is threatening Hillary "What do you think if you call Chiko?") Excellent Carter Burwell Score. "The Devil Dies You Dude Dead" film of the year. If something good has to be done, then we know that some other deals should definitely be associated with the old scratch.
