I first saw it on an inactive Sicilian TV channel a few years ago; Surprisingly, the film emerged as a very valuable DVD from the standard: It is not sure whether I created it initially (though despite attaining rituals over the years, the credit is clearly seen by general buffs, even with modesty), I did not like to buy? ? I like FIND similar to the same and to me, without a face (1958). Recently, however, I was able to acquire the blog by a copy of the Spanish DVD, which was ported from the funny, "special edition" to two audio commentary tracks? But sadly, I did not switch to Spanish subtitles main feature playback! However, seeing the movie in a new way, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed (though most of the story errors, which I will get later)? As a pure example of a time-capsule showing 'b-movie' mockery (oddly colored shades) and in the late 1950s showing social attitude. Male lead Steve (n) McQueen had a primary role, and although the actor was finally looking at it with disrespect, his only contribution to this genre was fairly proven: not against the teenager but still essential (and, more important, altruistic) children Slimy and stretched animals are not very bad in its kind and time of special effects painted; A good ultimate emergence of the film itself ?? Beginning with the attack of a giant movie (which has been shown in the Horror Doubure [1953/7/7] as I mentioned recently in the review of this film, but interestingly 'flipped' is shown and in which sequence a series of satiric Italian programs will be launched, actually called "Blob"! ). I have a small minor photo with confession: Does giant travel show ?? It's just activated in different places, not being seen by anyone! There is emphasis on scraps on the kids scraps (a little bit of padding); Is it silly to shoot a city doctor in Blob town ?? Such liquid, which can be destroyed by its proportion, bullets! Likewise, unnecessarily visiting tin-to-door, alerting the risky city dwellers (especially when considering that, McQueen actually actually saw the monster)! An inferior signal was released in 1972, BLOBE THE BLOB! Then the original was rebuilt in 1988 ?? I've seen it so long ago but it does not seem to have lasting impact on me (though I know Michael Elliot likes it). For the record, I was director Yavarth and producer Jack H. Follow this philosophy with two other collaborations in Harris, such as 4D Man (1959) and Dinosaurs! (1960).
