Blob is a terrific horror film, not only due to the horrendous images of the flesh-dissipated title character, but also a true social message. This, in many ways, is a "feel-good horror movie." The clever story helps in unjustifiably through solid performance from whole cast. Two romantic leads, Steve McQueen and Anta Corsoaut, bring wonderful depth and feeling to the proceedings. They are misunderstandings but very well-meaning young, and it's very easy to root for them. <br /> <br /> This is a pro-society film, and its teenage character is mainly causing problems outside of irritability, outside of some dirty character errors. Steve McQueen's drag-racing competitor often appears to be an enemy at the beginning, but once McQueen's seriousness sees the McQueen campaign joining the city. In this way, the situation of a character that appeared to be cartoonist suddenly develops depth and human reality. The initial skepticism of the children's wild claims of the authorities has been proved wrong - and once the threat is acknowledged, all conflicts in society disappear. The integration of the purpose, and the "troubling" teenage legality, becomes an officer for happiness when Anita Karosata's father is admitted to the school to get the fire extinguishers to eliminate Blo. Any other day, children violating schools will be treated as a law of vandalism - on this special day, it is a necessary step to be edited by the image of an adult authority. At this bending point, it is clear that there is no department division between young and old. <br /> <br /> It is an unusual film that recognizes the concept of "generation gap" but it recommends that it is more imaginative than reality, and it provides a real crisis, so that people will naturally bundle together to restore the order. "The Blob" is the perfect type of depression that comes with watching the "Living Dead of Night" (1968). <br /> <br /> The film is cheap but innovative (many) and effective!) Visual effects They are stupid, clever. We are achieved with a small set designed to be rolled out in many gravity-defying tricks to see Blob performance. The camera is usually very firmly connected to the set in the "locked down" position (the lights should be connected in the same way that the room is turned on and how it stays). This scene was often photographed in the scene when the house became slowly - silicon bloose was gradually eroded and there was a need to speed up its action. In a similar way, it was like a stop motion photography, but instead of a given doll, using Silicon Blowe. Even today, the effects are surprising and bizarre. <br /> <br /> A very good movie, The Blob, with a supersymmetrical title, must be seen.
