Movies like Chocolate, Beau Travail and others have made French director Clare Dennis the world's most unique and successful filmmaker, and his 2004 film The Intruder (L'Atras) adds to the depth of its portfolio. A cinebatic poem that expresses a mood of loneliness and loss, this film focuses on the mind of a person who is physically and mentally ill and wants release and peace in different parts of the world, but it is difficult. Based on the memoir of heart transplanting Jean-Luc nanissi, The Intruder is an unexpected opiate film that is hard to describe to other than personal, dominant post after two philosophies. <br /> <br /> Louis Trabar (Michael Suborn) is a 17-year-old man who is likely to be killed due to heart disease and who tried to talk with his mistakes in time while spending time like a professor at Wild Stronber of Engmer Bergman. It is clear that he is physically annoying and very wealthy but he became emotionally lost and was one of the cool resignations of his face. Although we can see only one episode of violence, where there is an intelligent idea about killing a mediator in the middle of the night, he comes out of bed. She can be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent, or an injured person. However, anyway, she apparently acts under some surveillance and acts like a person who is involved in criminal crime and is only able to see the results now. Making a strong sense of closed-up separation of face across the film. He lives with his dog in a cabin in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border and is a son of a disadvantaged Sydney (Gregor Cologne). Sydney lives near his wife Anonetate (Florence Loiret-Kyle) and with their two children. In one story, he met his father on the street and called him crazy, but it does not prevent him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When the picture is opened, we can see the Swiss antineontate, the border guard force, who shrinks a ban on a van with a trained dog. When she comes home, her husband is greeted by her, who asks if she has something to "declare" with her tongue-in-cheek? Only those people and movies other than these three people can see the rest of the film, except for Luis's imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we meet him in his first half hour: a pharmacist (Bamboo) who makes his medicine, a neighbor (Betris pulse) who is a dog breeder who refuses to take care of his dog away from a trip away from him Say that they are as crazy, and a young Russian businessman (Katya Golbava) who said that he was a "young man Heart " <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, he wins him throughout the film but apparently only in his mind. At the end of this film, Louis travels to South Korea to gift a heart transplant and a different son in Tahiti, whom he has not seen or has never seen for many years. His heart seems to be a metaphor for a human without transitor heart, whose life is interesting but endless without direction, with other real human emotions penetrated into other people's lives. Hunter guitar soundtrack by Stuart Staples of Indruder Band Tindoursts, Jim Jarms' Dead Man Guitar Reef, and Dennis Regular Agnes Godard's extraordinary painter. <br /> <br /> <br /> Gordard has created memorable memories, which are the mood of intense and sadness: Losing heart in snow, a child looking at his father for a good two minutes, the child's expression is gradually half the season Moving away from smiles, colored streamers from the navigable ship, using a mysterious Korean massage, a massage from a dark room, and a bobbing ship deck See the huge expanse of ocean center. While the camouflage may be frustrating due to its elliptical nature, Dennis forced to respond to our own experience to understand the images on the screen on our personal experience. If there is a theme, there is a hint at the opening, which tells us that the pieces of the film are broken into pieces - "your worst enemies are hidden in your shadow."
