Playing Bell, books, and candles are the favorites of summer actors and mature actors to take to the streets. Director Harold J. A famous Kennedy story, Zinger Rogers congratulated his senior husband William Marshall, who was not an actress with him. Marshal wore a hat, and when he went through a door, his hat caught on a nail and stayed behind, he went to the stage dangling in the door. <br /> <br /> The game is successfully adapted to a beautiful color, starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemon, Elsa Lancaster, Harmonine Jingled, Arne Kovacs and Janice Roule. It is a light entertainment, documents (Novak, Lemon, Lancaster) and publisher (Stewart), who live in their buildings, about their naturally viewed family. Most of these experts are proud, soft-spoken Gillian, who likes to be natural. One night, with Stuart in his apartment, he uses his crizzle cat, pivetet, and spins a spell on him, and he falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" is a charming set that replicates New York. Movies are loaded fun. Jill Lemon is a gillian's brother, witch and fraudulent Jodiac Club composer is a very helpful contributor. She used her ability to turn the street on and off and sometimes to turn the woman on. Johns Rul Silby is a former college competitor, with the rival Steve, as a former college competitor, and Arnie Kovacs have a great turn, who wrote a specific book in the documents. Lancaster and Gingold, always surprising, Lancaster Jillian's bandit mastermind and Jingdold dressed as a witch queen. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is a fit fit for Jillian, to isolate the character, when it is appropriate to show emotions, and the voice, the beautiful face, and the beautiful dress, he must surely magician. Stuart, in his last attempt as a romantic lead, as well as the Castes with Novak, made Vertigo, and they created an effective team. He provided warmth, he supplied coolness, and somehow, together they sparked together. This, of course, he is much more elegant than "Vertigo". A nice movie for Sunday afternoon, good around Christmas (its part is held during Christmas time), and if you feel laughing
