After a while, you come across a movie that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotions beyond the drain. Just that ?? Maybe even more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan and Lamai, I really thought Bollywood had reached its peak and would never bring something like that. The boy was wrong! I bought some groceries and went to the shop and decided to choose this movie with the new "Don" (Just so I can compare the Great BB with Shahrukh?) Though the decision has already been made in my mind). After the debate, I realized that I can spend about 3 hours in a meaningless movie, I have nothing to do. When I saw the ratings of A instead of A, I was happy that at least some of the things where women could not do anything with bad performance skills, but to dance on each of their opportunities and to show more skill to everyone in bed than the Hollywood actress in Hollywood. In the first 5 minutes or so I will again be subject to meaningless stories with bad acting. Seeing Shahid Kapoor, everyone knows that he never earned his fame as an acting actor. Boy ?? I was wrong about this movie. This movie kept my interest in the first 5 minutes and never let it go. This was a great movie with a good story about the invisible heritage of our society. The director was brave enough to create a film that was not brave only, but was not related to the idea of ​​a young generation (married marriage), but he did it with firm belief (this is the right thing to do). I do not think why some people think that acting was not good. I was great acting and think that music score may never be considered the best, it was still very good. The best thing is that this music will grow with the people as I have seen that movie a second time. Another good thing is that songs are not pushed into scripts, as we have seen in many movies. These songs actually tell a big part of the story and of course a welcome addition. Just as Ajay Devgan went from a joke to a great actor (after the company), and Salman "Hum We Knock His Kun" after his groove; This film will help Shahid Kapadro to act as the best actor and entertainer in Bollywood. This is his first movie in which I liked him and his role. She is well versed in acting and well-coordinated young rich children. Yes, you do not play basketball and do not score every point like a dancer who has seen Shahrukh in DDLJ (though he looks as an Indian in England?) Both countries are not big on the way of Bismil) as very honest as a person that is true to his standards. Amrita Rao, remember for the first time that someone remembers. In all his other films, he competed with a big challenge, which actually prevented him. No one knew how well he really is an actress until they see this movie. He apparently showed the depth of his knowledge and acting especially in the crying scenes at the end. Although he has had other movies he is one of the most memorable of this one. I should have this movie and it should be wonderful for her. Take the queen ?? Finally, if another girl gives the right opportunity to work with good managers, then you can take the torch from you. He exudes complete innocence that is beautiful with a great voice and has a face. Oh, about 0% of body fat does not do any harm (yes, I challenge you to find even 0.1% fat on her and she can actually work as opposed to many others like Sonali). I thought Madhuri and I would never be beautiful after the first Kajol, but she completely changed. Shaheed and Amrita worked very well together and their relationship was good for their character and they did both excellent work (though Shahid was waiting for Salman to make a girl, when he said "Hum Afi Hain Kun"). When I finished the end of this movie, I left it so emotionally that I decided to watch this movie again (okay). Yes ok I never did that work. Not even DDLJ, but this film was something that needs to be repeated. I will probably see this movie for the third time on holiday, so I can enhance the tradition that I can raise and revive. I missed those times where the family had fun sitting there. When parents took time for their children and where the children believed in their parents, they were respected. I know many people think that the film does not represent real life, but deeply we do not want it to happen. Family, you tradition, love and respect. This movie will remind us all. I can enjoy it This is a very well made movie that you enjoy. I'm sure some young people will not like this movie but if you are over 28, I doubt that you will be one of them.
