A brilliant film! Puppet Animation's Master Jr. Tranke, in its final, unanimously opposes the film. Despite the country's highest animation award, the Communist Czechoslovakian government (then) will be banned. <br /> <br /> In this dark and entertaining short film, an artist tries to create a new pot for her choice. Plant When he dreams, he is happy and creates himself, that his tree will become a beautiful rose. Suddenly he is walking on the door, and comes to this huge Almighty, who tries to force the artist to make statues in his image. Artist responded as best as possible, but eventually he was handed a strong effort, so that he was compelled to adjust. He becomes brainwashed; An intellectual gambling At this point, the hand attaches the artist to the string, puts him in a cage, and uses him to make the statue of the hand. Glorified artist's work and rewarded him with medals and honors. <br /> <br /> The artist's desire to express himself freely helps him to win his rebellion and enables him to flee from prison, whether literally or in his mind, and returning to his home where he now has the power of Almighty Regardless of the anger should be constant. He thinks himself beyond the reach of the Almighty, he closes himself, but in the process he keeps his plants and heights in the process, hoping that it is out of hand reach, and it falls on his head, killing him The artist was inevitably destroyed by his own creed. He suddenly feared that once he was alive, he was alive once. After death, the hand portrayed the artist as a great person, a national hero. For unavoidable reasons or artists who do not want to remember <br /> <br /> <br /> The trinity theory denigrates society, and its lack of freedom of expression is dark, spoiled, and amazing animated. It is not surprising that the government has banned it because people of this type of media praise people and may even hear it. That was definitely not acceptable. An artist's disobedience to the law and the impact it may have is an extraordinary example. And still much of the world is quite relevant for America from the Middle East. Of course 10 10 must be specified in the course! Talk about going with a lip!
