I will admit I am a great fan of Danny Warhol, and that's why I came to see this movie. <br /> <br /> The uniqueness of this image is that it is not just about one page in the history of the band (such as "I'm trying to break your heart" about Wilco), but it's included for long periods of band history. In this movie, director / producer Andy Tymona has followed more than 8 years (1998 - 2003) Brian Johnston massacre (BJM) and close friend / rivalry with Daddy Warhols (DW) and shoots 1500 hours of raw video, more than that 1:45 hours (future DVD releases will have much more material than original movies). The result is astonishing - there is no filler - this movie is 100% pure and genuine archive footage, which gives you the feeling of film progress with this feeling, in these years you live with the band. <br /> <br /> Both the band were promised to "create a revolution" to create music at the beginning of their career and promised to not give their soul the "record art" to sell the devil. However, their paths quickly disappear - an agreement was signed with the Deinde Warhol's Capitol Records and is relatively popular after the album (especially in Europe), when Brian Jonstown was genocide (with his self-destructive leader Anton Newcomb) (at least how does this Is pictured in the film). And this film follows the descendants of The Brandy Jonestown genocide, which is contrary to the rise of The Daddy Warhols. First of all, I was delighted to see the movie and the story of Anton Newcomb storytelling (for example, the leader of the Darwin Warhols - Courtney Taylor -), but after some thought I realized that something wrong with this movie is wrong. <br /> <br /> First, it behaves like an invisible person. The project began in 1995 as a documentary of many promising emerging groups, among which Anton Newcomb and Ondy Timner were equal partners (That is why both Andy Timonera got instant access to the band). It was Anton Newcombe who came with Dandy Warhol in the project. Finally he was completely ignored, as he kicked out of the project. Everyone talks about BJM, but does not participate in the discussion. I assumed the group was not informed even after the final edit process began. There is always both sides of the story, and here we have only ... Of course, someone would expect that Anton will not approve the final result, and the film will see his betrayal of his former friends. <br /> Second, the film is very favorable to Dandy Warhol. Sure, the winner accepts all this, but narrated to Courtney Taylor (although it seems to be a good choice - but it offers a seemingly closely related feeling) and the band's long history is presented incomplete (BJM is until 1997 , And DW-2003), did not add the motive of the film. Third, the film (somewhat) shallow. Does it want to teach us? One critic said: "... the film examines old questions: Does the genius fit into a comodited world, can it improve, or suicide itself to maintain its integrity?" No, do not check these questions! It is simply a brilliant, but unsuccessful storyteller, which is described by a less bright, but successful one, who acknowledges the endless calmness of pride and arrogance more than the mountains. However, the movie was fun - it's raw, fresh, it's stylish, it's ... for at least DW or BJM fans, God is very awesome. For the rest of the crowd - I do not know ...
