Excellent documentary, friendship between two West Coast reversal rock'n'roll band and apparently about the next challenge: The Daddy Warhols and Brian Jonestown genocide. In fact, what could be the outline of a range of psychopaths - Anton Newcomb - and the rest of the world's relations with him. Interestingly, for a music documentary, there are rarely any music. What's there - more often than not by boycott, elimination by the actors - is loyalty than the central. Though the characters are musicians, the story is not about music, but a special edition of a British mythological story in a cartoon lifestyle, that is, where no person has to take responsibility for behaving like weaker young people on a full-time basis. Tantrum, medicines, violence, rough abnormal attitudes, anomalemia on a real epic scale - all of which have been forgiven or encouraged positively because it is compatible with the concept shared with Rock'nroll. As a film it is a first-class documentary but it raises more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton Music so conservative? None of them is beyond the most basic level of wild and harmful (and he wild and insulting) claims to be able to run 80 instruments who do not seem to have progressed beyond the most obvious derivations of the statue of 60 (The Stones, Velvets etc.) Do not bother to learn one game. Likewise, the burning ambition of the Dandi Warhols was based on an approach of Rock'n'roll, which was surprisingly fossilized in 1962. Of course, there is no problem with torture, but surely there is more to music than a cartoon in the late 60's. Why do not they take some risks with their music - how did their role models? Because, one suspect, not about this music. Music is simply an accessory, a prop, or an excuse, which can lead to a completely functional and illegal life. but why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: earning lots of money and being famous. Big deal Anton Newcomb case is more interesting. He is probably very talented, but every time he is given the opportunity to reach the wider audience, he is usually the most dramatically possible. He is afraid of success, and at the same time, anyone who is deeply disturbed with it - especially his former friends Dandy Warhols Interesting movie Highly recommended.
