A documentary about two rock band scattered over the years. Brian Johnstone massacre and Dandy Warhols Is this particularly the complex contrasting personality and failure of success and deception of failure? <br /> <br /> The main person of the massacre of Bryan Jonathan, Anton Neunkumba is widely recognized as a musical genius. Colleague, his friend and competitor, Deandi Warhols, but the record producer and most of the people who worked with him Sadly, he and his band members are unable to integrate the real world. Newcombe battles with members of the lightning band or viewers (literally being arrested at a stage to kick a fan's head). Newcombe knows no limits ?? He plays, wrote, and composed all the songs of BJM in between 40 to 100 different instruments, can create enough songs to fill the entire album in a day, there is a prophetic tenderness with his own musical genius, but it is a heavy drug user, his own artistic integrity Much of the anger in the compromise, its band members feel the underpinnings of life and they are A deal could kill quickly as possible. How to go through a large number of fast-heed record labels in the UK ?? As soon as they feel the talent of Newcomb, they sign up immediately and soon they understand that they are not completely regulating. <br /> <br /> Warhols acknowledge their creativity to Newcomb's creativity and not keep themselves in themselves. Mahima is the same upward sphere ?? But there is something that does not have the BJM? The ability to integrate their talents with common sense, real world, and their market ?? As a mixture pot of genius (even if it is distilled from the Newcomer of the Guru) and accessibility, they are very prone to 'cool'. Excavation! Two band parallel carrier with increasing poignancy follows. At one point, Newcombe clearly sent death threats and created stunts designed for hate campaigning in Warsaw (a box to clear their work like 'soap bar', live ammunition and abuse) ?? He only forgot to tell them that it is a stunt and they issue a ban against Newcomber so that they are very dangerous. In Europe, David Warhols is getting lost in Newcomb, with hits such as 'Ever-day-day holidays' and 'Bohemian like you'. BJM is closed and the band breaks when they are arrested for possession of marijuana ?? Warhols at the same time become barbaric for drugs, leave them with caution and even allow them to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> DIG's extensive application! Accessibility versus talent is way beyond two way band or even rock music. The negative aspect is that it is still a documentary, but intimate, and it will mostly appeal to dedicated movie supporters, or those who are already interested in singing one or both of the featured bands. Newcombati can be mostly the notoriously worrisome genius, and it has striking views in the film, but it is more than an interview in an irrational ear interview. A member of the band said: "In every spiritual heritage, you pretend to be God and burn it to hell to be able to bring it back." Newcompa is not pretending ?? But numerically still insufficient people can praise him in his own lifetime, and DG! For the most reprehensible, but reprehensible, talented people, there is a tremendous struggle to amend the balance.
