I've met my entire family as well as this movie. Since my younger brother has recently married, we can connect with the walk. Films for the romance of the couple stands for classic touch. Fortunately this time Ranichit Almora has used all Indian locales, which has already visited most of the urban areas, so connecting with the film. Dialogues are much better than conversation-based film "Umrao Jana Aada". The background music movie "Soft Focus" is increased. It in some way reminds me of VV Chopra's "Krib", in which there is a full judgment of Neha and some of Bobby's character. Here, no section-description or performance in any section is frustrating. Supporting Cast is very good. I rate the actress playing the role of the front league. The situations of illustrated family interactions are real and you laugh when you find yourself in the place of letters. The songs are going well along with suit and movie in the very scene. However, I respect Rabindra Jain for working in Ramayana from film, but I miss Ram Laxman badly. <br /> <br /> There was no double entrepreneur (Sivan division), no bikini, no plot and no fool. . If you are already moving soon or soon, you will easily see the movie with your parents. I want to reveal the strange thing here that the sun offers that marriage is not only family, but only in people, its method is completely different. This movie is about love and love, rest characters are accessory. Save the life of art? The "peripheral character" is moved to the background and the only characters are the original pairs. <br /> <br /> is coming back, everything was nearly big. Without, for the part of the drama. The tragedy situation is artificially created. The results, sacrifice and impending heart change are not at all mandated. That is why this emotional touch - the purpose of this moment of events. But, from a beautiful pre-marital video, the film needed a twist of the story to overtake the feature film. But I do wait for the punch and it does not come. Mohishal Bahal's promotion and later on was the place of Alak Nath on dowry and these were making things very much. Maybe it will help the movie in tax-free mode. But this plot could become more attractive and non-linear. <br /> <br /> When the movie was over I had a lot of questions: 1 movie is over? 2 movie ended?
