<br /> <br /> I'm sure that Homer Hickam did not have the same thing as the real life, as he adapted his book Rocket-age film, but the film is good enough to stand "October Sky" (an episode of book title) alone. I did not read Hickam's memoirs, but I still enjoy and understand their film adaptation. This film, written by Joe Johnston and written by Louis Kollik, recorded the story of teenage homer Hikam (Jake Gyilehal), which began in October 1957. It starts with the sound of a radio broadcast, which comes with the news of Russian satellite Sputnik. The first satellite satellite in orbit We see an image of a blue-gray city and its people: Most mine companies are working for Olga Coal Company. The excavators in the elevator shafts heard the news on hand-rod radiation, but lost the signals when they lost sight of the miraculous sky and disappeared in the dark. This image fades an endangered violin tune with. We then got the glow of Elvis on the car's radio, on the screen the words tell us about this setting: October 5, 1957, Colload, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Doal (Chad Lindberg), are talking about football tryouts. Football Scholarship for these boys is the only way out of the city and working in the mines. In response to Homer's question, "Why do jackets go to college?" Roy Lee replied, "They are the only girls who get girls." Homer does not make it as big as a footballer, so he is scheduled for mines and follows the footsteps of parents like my parents. Do not see the light straking dots across the October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. Homer said, "I want to go to the place." After a catastrophic effort involving a primitive rocket and his mother (Natalie Canerday) fencing, Homer nerdy Quinton Wilson (Chris Woane) helps in helping. Quantin asks Homer, "Do you want to know about rockets?" Homer's fast forest, "everything." Her science teacher, Miss Freda Relay (Laura Dern), greatly supports Homer in Big Creek High School, and four sons work on rocket making Homer's basement. His father, however, does not support the person whose life is mine. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste his time on rockets, all that coal mine is all about. Coal is used to make coal steel and the country will not be anything other than steel. A great relationship with Homer and his father that I have never seen in a film. Miss Relay Homer gave the opportunity to go to the citizens and win college scholarship with the idea of ​​entering the local science fair. "You just do not dream of coming out of Collapse," he told Homer. Homer and his friends work continuously on rockets on their efforts, working to improve the model with every effort. Despite many attempts, the boys do not lose their firmness. "What are we hoping to win the science fair," asked Odel Homer at their more frustrating moment. "From one million," Homer's answer. "Is it good?" O'Dell replied, "Well, why do not you say so?" Music music by Mark Ishah expresses sadness and hope at the same time, especially during the sorrow when Homer entered the mines and lost the vision of the sky and the dream of going out of the collapse. The 1950's rock and rolling rolling with the songs of The Costors and Body Holly, occasionally created a mood to create a small heart that conflicts with the lives of the miners living with the lives of the miners. Photo of Fred Murphy also uses the color as a symbol to mark the moods and symbols. In Colwood city, actually painted in Tennessee, was washed with blues, gray, and brown. It seems like everything from coal - face, cloth, home, and streets. When a great red convertible couple stopped asking for instructions from a couple boys, it is clear from the world outside Colwood and Olga Cole companies. Miss Raleigh has ordered Homer that the guided missile design book is red. The red rose as a symbol of "coming out" against the colored blue-gray world, but it is still fine. The Reds only gave Hemah a dream of a dream. Jack Gyllenhaal reveals such strong, hopeful, and pertinacity as Homer Hickam that it is hard to believe that Homer does not really see the actual footage at the end of the photo. Chris Cooper is extraordinarily credible as Homer's lively father, who does not recognize, or just do not want to admit that the mine is not producing enough to keep alive. Homer, and those who encourage him in his rocket-building, are aware that the city is dead. As the communities split, they gathered together for rocket boys protests. Again, I'm sure the movies did not happen just as it happened, but what would be the film without idealism? With plenty of "October Sky", this is a great motion picture and enough to make a lot of fun to keep it real.
