Sky Sky is a highly acclaimed movie, and why it is easy to see. The story is easy to understand and many bending points are frustrating, actors and actresses perform fairly well, especially Jake Gyllenhall and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants and is a true story. Indeed, the director's achievement is not comparable in sparks and produces the original story. We do not see any specialties or cinematography; The power of film depends on the plotting plot and the difficult situation stops the young hero and most listeners identify themselves with the characters. We feel Homer that his father's recognition and his own future, and his stability won our honor. ¡§ On October, SkyAP reminded me of Japan's production of a small series § 2002 Rocket Boy, which can give some inspiration from this movie. Indeed shots from two different cultures provide interesting comparisons to these two works. When Sky's October published a young man's crying cry loudly to claim his right to his own destiny, §§ Rocket-age gives a more objectionable description, which sometimes produces intense criticism of modern society. Outstanding actor, Eugene Oda, has played the role of three rocket-old men as general: A travel agent who dreams of becoming an astronaut, is a fertile advertising agent who is on the verge of separation. As a result of the inferior complexity, his father and elder brother (as Homer feels in his family) is a great success and a food agency worker in marriage, but afraid of the idea. Collected social consciousness strengthens the definition of the success of its majority and forces their dreams to claim their actions to be fulfilled. His íimpossible.¡¨ To compensate for his lost ideology, Kobayashi (UG) works in the tour operator because it ¡§ Galaxy. When his client failed him and his girlfriend decided to leave him, he finally found strength from his father, who was determined to be a sailor but later felt that the life on the sea was less attractive. He was supposed to have. ¡§ But I do not regret it, he told his father to Kobayashi, "At least I have tried." It is the confession of his father that encourages him to step down from his job and apply for a cosmonaut. He needed to pan his legs and move around on a wheelchair. Kobayashi's efforts eventually failed, and he went back to the travel agency. But his ¡Cracky courage enters his friends, and everyone loves him more. Prior to the end of the series, Kobayashi is working as a guide to a space camp to learn more about an astronaut. After the tour ended we saw him stand against a tree, publishing a sheet of posters, he cried from the bulletin board: ¡§ Astronauts wanted for 2004. Kobashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs and laughs, just as a kid Disneyland looking at his tickets. Kobayashi can not achieve what he wants to achieve, but he is brave of his fate and he is brave enough. This series is not so impressive that the hero shows a heroic act, but his dream and unrealistic desire to realize his dream. Our wonders and envy Unlike Dilbert or other satirical writing, this show enlightens us and teaches us something. Both Homer and Kobayashi have dreamed, and they do what they can do despite the opinions of other people. I recommend other IMDB users to see the Japanese TV series. If you are not a non-fever, you will feel more touching. I'm sorry that there is no IMDB information, maybe you can help someone from Japan.
