In fact, the story of a teenage boy named Homer Hikam (Jake Gilhenhal) is growing in West Virginia, a coal town where the boy's usual fate was "ending in the mine". But his love for flying rockets flying in Homer's sky, his maternal grandfather disappointed parents, and usually for the annoyance of the townspeople. Definitely a misfortune, he and his three well-intentioned friends began to create rockets, which fly away from a patch of woodland 8 miles away from the city, so that the community does not repeatedly take them with the faulty rockets and terrorists. Unfortunately, most towns, and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) thinks they are wasting their time. However, people became intrigued and soon the 'rocketboys' began to come out on the droves to see their homemade missiles. Only a teacher (Laura Dern) at high school understands their efforts and can inform them that they could become competing to match national science, which is considered as the award of college scholarship. Now the gang must learn its crafts perfect and solve many problems facing them, as they shoot for them. Director Joe Johnston is always best known for his films, such as Zumanji and Jurassic Park 3 and "October Sky". Without any doubt, "October Sky" is his best effort and probably his best film. This is not just a real true movie, but it is also a single thing as a movie that is needed for a top-level movie. And along with Johnston's extra ordinary aspects, some exceptional performance. Jake Gyllenhaal was 19 years old, and she gives a beautiful and natural performance while releasing this movie. She is a perfect actor. Chris Cooper as his father, gives very good performance. The same goes for Laura Darn and she looks beautiful. Even the performance is very good. Background score was fine. Very inspirational movie, which elevates your soul high in the sky. One of those movies that inspires you to all your life. An amazing inspirational movie along with entertainment loads. Can not be missed.
