What is life's all about responding to challenges, a simple and effective film. Homer and his friends can grow up in their parents' parents, who do not fall into the trap of a predetermined future governed by the ancestor's son, they can be mine in a local mine and he does not come out of luck. Homer and his friends took three different challenges to win a personal and free future. The first milestone in human history, Sputnik 1, Soviet satellite, the milestone of human history, the challenge for man-made artificial satellite for the first time, Homer and his friends could not miss a turning point that could not miss Then decide on the science and the mechanics of applied mechanisms and how to create rockets from scratch or what can be collected in books and orders in their minds. Finally, the world challenge that opposes and refuses and tries to bring you back the package, even an impossible accident which also forces you to live a little to return the package, and even Homer proves that his acceptance was for his own plans and dreams. Challenge that was blocked. But there is another aspect of the story that the film does not give great importance. The career of Homer's project, but he and his friends need a carrier. If he is going to get university scholarship, because his friends have given him priority, his friends will be able to get their own roads and tracks and get out of the mining fate, his inspirational examples are set in front of their eyes. It is not difficult to follow the example of a tough road like a street. But the film was effective to show how this dream was prevented because science for him was not genuine or actual fabric like football. In the 1950s and 1960s, there was a fate of the working class and in some cases it is often used by the traditional father's thinking. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, then I am telling the working fate, it is a tremendous trap. Here film is also effective and it will be remembered by some parents. The fourth challenge faced by the home may be: the challenge of the road, which is not directed and programmed by its own father. <br /> <br /> Jacques Collardou, University of Paris Doughin and University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
