I love the main love of the sun after Diwani Hun I had lost faith in twelve years, then one year ago I saw Vivah's promotion which is good. But I did not want to waste my hard work to see it in the movie. When the first movie came out of the DVD, I hired it and I liked the movie and presented my words for the sun. I just finished seeing again yesterday and at the moment I thought I would have to review this movie. Suraj R. Barjatya is right at this moment, okay, I'm not a huge fan of Hum Aapke. But I always love Mike Piera Kia, I have got the money. I think that's the best work of Viva Barridge. I'm never crying in the movie but this movie is crying to me. If you've ever loved before, there are so many moments that will touch you at this moment, the film is very sweet and you will fall in love with it, an underlying film in my scene. <br /> <br> You might call the story of this movie in local and old bars, but it seems to me to be modern because two couples are aware of this old tradition for getting married. It's been done right now, many people do not believe in marriage, but I do. The engagement and the wedding which will always be special and the journey between this movie clearly shows it. When love first meets with the Panam, they show how and how this reality and my parents have said how they got married and it has shown in such a way that this is how true and punyam is seen in this film. How is the most marriage occurs. It was very sweet, you are still excited to feel nervous, the song "Do Ajnabe" looks very good. Going back to the story, yes it is a journey that you soon love and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and they are obsessed with the families there. This movie has a twist which is really good, for the last 30 minutes you will all reach the tissues box. <br /> <br /> Why is this picture so amazing? Chemistry between love and happiness, how they fall, each other's sweet. The simple boy and the simple girl, when they meet with the first song time and later "Do Anjen Aarbabe", they can see very soon, he rarely speaks and love loves his past and girl and loves him. Smoking Then it takes each of them to a family tour and then they fall for one another. It makes you want to see just couple and see all the sweet moments they have. Another reason is that Purnichchi is really meaningful to him and sorry for Purnam, because he has been treated badly and you want to see him happy and when you are finally happy, you will also fascinate the movie. More love after love with Pumam. Through love, he finds happiness when you want him to be happy and hopefully nothing is wrong because the character is shown as a sweet simple girl. Which brings me to performances and Amrita Rao like Panam is amazing in the film, her best work so far you will love this innocent character and make her ride to be happy. Like love, Shahid Kapoor is also very amazing, for his support for the film, he is happy with his film, together they share an extraordinary chemistry and I have never seen SRK and Kumar couple from Kajal. If Ishq Vishk does not touch you to touch, you will be together how beautiful this one is. The song "Musa Haq Hei" and before that it is an extraordinary chemistry shown. The scenes touch me when love takes Poonam to his room and shows him where he is and he opens it and a moment of them is very sweet. Again, if you ever love someone, you can connect abusively to this scene. The movie is the only sweet thing you can see. <br /> <br /> The direction is spot, a good movie to me is basically anything that can drag me and prevents me from believing at this moment which is fake here and they have a camera filing. This picture dragged me to me and for that three hours I was really connected to the movie. When you watch movies, you will see the song as soon as you watch movies, then I like those songs. The song is amazing, the story is amazing only what can I ask? <br /> <br /> What can I say, rarely do we find a movie that makes us feel good, after watching this movie after you, it really feels good to you and you want to be a good person. It's basically the most sweet journey, it basically shows you that they travel between instinct and marriage and many say it's the best part of your life ?? This film actually shows you what people actually say? Why people actually say that the journey is just amazing! Watch this movie and you'll find why the journey is amazing!
