I have not seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of my seat and laughed all over the movie. I did not have such a terrible acting that it was all very funny. Movies behind the scenes are decent but the movie scene fails to portray them. I have never seen a stupid film of my life, which seems to be worth it. I gave this movie 10 out of 10 times for the most kind of movie, this film seems to have been made to completely trash. I think the scenery is so fake and behaves like actors "in front of them in camera". You can get a stick to see how much hair is shown in the film, I and my friend could not stop the curiosity during the movie, the darwitweed man tried to run once, but he ran twice, he looks sh sh # While he does not speak English lol If you watch this movie you will feel that you're allowed for all the other movies you did not like, but they're a better way. This movie is curious and should be seen outside of what movie Deafness Lam. The bad snake made the girl laugh many times, the evil snake just roared and roared and allowed her to go away every time. There was so much potential for an evil snake that God was trying to say it fast and wanted to eat the miracle that he wanted to eat. Changes in the scene do not leave you surprised, do I miss something? Many plot holes from the scene from the scene. I was smiling like crazy when they decided to "escape to Mexico" to get away from the snake. Will Hamma Border Happiness Save You From a Snake From Korea? Interesting ... very funny .... I think border hopping solutions to all problems. Another scene that made me totally fooled. They met for the first time and they saw romantic scenes in the kissing beach and they did not even recognize each other ... The scene was so stereo and at least no other film had any substance, it might seem logical later But I mean that they can reconcile only after the resurrection, but the feelings they have on each other Instead of loving each other, they feel as well. However this image is valuable to watching your eyes open and watching for the light. Bad Hollywood movies like this would seem like heaven. Eventually you are not bothered by the value of seeing you, you will grab every moment criticism of your head, every moment.
