"Hollywood Hotels" There are many films related to winning a contest with the Hollywood production of films, "Aila Cinders" and "Martan of the Movies", there are only hazards or existentialities. Actually, I was seeing it tonight, in Turner's classic movies, I took the ideas of the next musical classical "Singing in the Rain" author from "Hollywood Hotel" to consider whether or not they had taken some ideas, a leading movie star and a movie starring mezzy At the conclusion of a person singing a song and another on the screen, Mu Got the credit. <br /> <br /> An interesting example of the making of the movie "Hollywood Hotel" in the 1930s. Luilla Persson, among the supporter players, plays herself (and, I have seen that despite some negative comments, there is a great personality in her screen and her line's natural command). He is not the only real person in the script. Make-up specialist Parake Westmor tried to look like a character like himself in a short time. <br /> <br /> This movie is the first of a young Mr. Ronald Reagan's career, who is playing radio radio interview. A movie premiere. Reagan actually works nicely in his short scene - especially when he realizes that a Dick Powell microphone is going to be taken, then it should be used with more important people. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Dick Powell won a Hollywood contract. In a competition, and leaving the job as a saxophonist in Beni Goodman's band. However, the beginning of this movie is quite impressive because the band drives the truck to a parade for proper departure. They finished singing "Hollywood for Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number has been dropped on the purpose of a psyche. Johnny Merser's song contains a hulny reference like a Hello factor, a Mac-Factor, a Rain Tin Tin, and even an indication of Tarzan. But the original song lyric looks like a tiren power. Clearly, Jack Warner and his brother Fox's 20th-century Fox are not going to advertise, and the Donald Duck name was replaced. In this event, this number appears as the best of the orchestra of Godman's Orchestra and the instrument. The next five minutes of the film, where the band is rehearsing. Powell left the band and his daughter friend (Francis Langford) and went to Hollywood, only for a contract player (probably for songs involving saxophonist). He met the studio's publicist Allen Joselyn (owner Grant Mitchell). Jasmine is not a bad partner, but he is busy and is forced to bribe people until he needs to talk to them. He parked Powell in a room at the Hollywood Hotel, where the studio's socialist star (Lola Lane) lives with her father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Meal Todd), and senior assistant (Glenda Farrell) with her intelligent. Like Lane Gene Hagen, "Singing in the Rain", it's not good to talk about her. His version of "Dan Lockwood" is "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mobré, several times easily stolen scenes in the scene). The only difference is that Junk is not a nice person like Kelly in the mobile, and Lane (if not covered in her arrogance) is fully aware of it. Having a fit of being passed by the side for a common role he wanted, he refused to join his latest film premiere. Josephine has found a double for her (Lollar's real life sister Rosemary Lane), and is made to play star in Rommarii premier and followup party. But he was present in Powell (meeting with a real loser who did not know Joselin). As a result, Powell was forced to beat Mowbray when the next created his own insect. But otherwise there is success in the evening, and when the two are together they start finding each other interesting. <br /> <br /> Complicated problems with Lolla face up and face Powell. Powell ("and his gang of houdals"). Powell's contract was bought. Working with photographer Agent Ted Healy (actually not very bad in this movie - she even tried to imitate Jolson at one time), tried to find two jobs, and the bad temperament ended as an employee at the Hamburger stand organized by Adger Kennedy. (The number of broken food and singer's customers in the restaurant has increased steadily for eleven). Eventually Powell gets a "break" by renting the song "Done" to the rap-off of "The Win with Win". This leads to the final section of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert, and Healy give Powell the opportunity to show his voice, not a moubress. <br /> <br /> This is now very nice and interesting movie. The worst aspect is due to his time. There are quite a few pair of strings with African Americans (Powell trying to take pictures while reaching Hollywood, Healy accidentally took a porter photo and mentioned for mentioning Josephine, Powell took pictures in the dark - to get the point?). With Kurt Boise as fashion designer for Lola Lane, which we say (we will say) is not very tolerable too strong. Herbert's "Hu-Hu" was a bit more (mostly), but it was really popular in 1937. And Healey's premiere almost became a huge horse (it was one of her last films) to remind people of Comedy's tragic, yet mysterious end in December 1937. But most of the movies are quite good, and in 2008 the audience will not be disappointed.
