I recently went back and did not see this again and saw this movie again. When I first saw the movie I was too young to understand what the movie was. Now I saw it again I could not believe what I've missed all these years. They are able to watch movies for me, I think this movie was awesome. Most people think that music is the best part, but I do not think it is true. Most people do not understand how good the story is because it is judged by acting. The fact is that no one in the film was actually trying to work, but they themselves were. The whole main cast was just playing itself. They were not trying to be someone else, but themselves. <br /> <br /> I actually analyzed and analyzed the work and effort of film. Now from my point of view, the conditions shown in the movie were actually based on what happened in the municipality's time in most cases and most of what happened, actually happened in Prince's career and who could say it better than that? The music coming from the city is starting to be recognized and revolutionary. In the "First Avenue and 7th St. Entry" club, it was interesting to see how the music was very influential, where in fact Prince started his career among other musicians. It is a so-called truth that Prince and Morris were always in competition with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So the story essentially closes the competitive approach of competition instead of their friendship, which shows the true competitive aspect of the club's "First Avenue" time. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this movie is so good is that in some situations in the movie that is actually based on the events of the life of the Prince, his life's perspective and personal perspective. To me, as much as emotionally emotional as the movie was, he said that his trial and clipping pre-superstood. Plus, he keeps his dedication unforgettable in his performance. Prince confirmed that every moment of the movie has been done perfectly. Any time you hear a song playing in the movie, it is a perfect sync with the situation. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Prince is gifted to all musical instruments and he has proved it in many cases. How did the film officially place the map on the map and it did not slow down again. Anyone who has seen this movie or has not seen it incredibly yet, when you are sitting and watching this movie, you will have to watch it with intelligence or you will miss the full view of the movie. If you really love music this is definitely to watch the movie. On what someone else is saying I think it's a great film to watch and for myself.
