The 1983 BBC production "Zen Zenner" Jella Clark and Timothy Dalton (love him) have always played with my favorite Jan Jane. If you look at the other version of Jane Eyre after reading the book, it would like to see some regular movies that you will forget the next day. But this one is almost equally observers reading the book. When I was young, I used to see these small things, and they inspired me to read the book. At that time, I did not pay close attention to this booklet's book. Recently, I saw Zenner Ire of 1996 and was very disappointed. It was just 2 hours long and there were not many important scenes in the book (like my favorite gypsy scene). Then I love this "Jane Eyre" more because it covers all the important scenes in the book and it only tells the whole story (not the other versions, if you do not read the book). <br /> <br /> The story of 1983, Jane Ar is excellent. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor ("Scarlet" and Julius is pretty handsome enough to play Butler in Caesar), but as Rochester he is so great that I can not imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zelah Clark, without doubt, followed the description of the book, only Jane. The other thing that makes this picture so big is the makeup and actors makeup. Just like Brent describes her (although she does not see 18 years, but you actually pay attention to her?) <br /> <br /> Some people say that this "Jane Here" is too long, But I'd like to see it than spend 2 hours to see any other version of my whole day. Some would say that the film is soft and annoying, because Jane is not very passionate or has enough "kiss scenes". I hate Zane Eyiri on making a "Hollywood movie" with an inappropriate kiss scene. To show love between Jane and Rochester, you do not have to be included in the "Insane, Insane Love" scene. And both Jelha and Timothy have expressed this love so perfectly that no other scene is needed !! I'm 19 years old, and many girls of my age refer to this film as "boring and old fashion". But I can only feel sorry for them because they do not appreciate its purity and beauty. After all, the novel is set in the 19th century, and that the appearance of old fashion makes more interesting and more like books. <br /> <br /> I do not think there will be any version of Jane Zenner which will have its popularity and love. General Zen and Rochester starred in other films, genuine Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be the Jellie Clark and Timothy Dalton!
