* Spillar Alert: I wish I could discuss without disclosing specific plot points, but I can not. Sorry <br /> <br /> I was looking for an IMDB review of George C Scott's film when I fell in the summary and reviews of this edition. It has done so much positive reviews that I decided to order it though: (a) when torn and ran, I thought George C Scott made Rochester's tortured nature (and physical appearance) in the book; And (b) Even when watching the DVD cover, I was thinking "What role did Timothy Dalton look for?" When the DVD was backorder I decided to re-read the book that the next concern was made stronger. That said, the minute I started watching this, I was captivated. First, the conversation of 1840 was discouraged by the conversation in writing - without the slightest effort of modernization - but Dalton and Clark put it very thoroughly among themselves, I actually enjoyed the fact that adapters believed to follow the faithful words of the audience. There were additional bonuses to keep the book so high on the screen. I do not know any version of the reason because "wants to see a movie about a person who is Attic in a poor crazy woman?" In fact, if anyone who does not read the book can read six or two hour versions, they will think that this story is so beautiful - the secret of Rochester and all those around him. Thankfully, this version is actually about the whole life of Jane Eyre. <br /> <br /> Some people criticized casting. Dalton is very awesome; Clark is very reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but he is so "at the moment" that I believe he is Rochester. I have Clark's signature performance. Jane isre calm, protected. If anyone remembers the book, then General Jane Pratita and passion are very much during his personal struggle. Some of the criticisms bother me. Critics say Clarke is not too short or enough enough. The book goes on infinitum in ads like small and simple Jane. Miss Clark will not be long and the filmmaker Zen has lowered her beauty to declare her lack of beauty. If Dalton is tall, he can rarely help. Some say there is no chemistry between Leeds. What ?! When the scene comes out of his house with Jane, the wedding fiasco vividly expresses emotions and emotions and depression - and this is just the first example that comes to mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some other criticism. I miss too much scenes with Helen Burn and River Sisters. Some conversations were weirdly scattered. When Rochester announced, "Jane, you misunderstood me, I'm not crazy because I do not hate him." Rochester explains that if Jane goes crazy, he still loves him and will take care of him. It is a powerful moment in the book, and I wish it was included. I think the story of Renaissance where Jane was a part of his own story was a mistake. It may have been worked for clarity, but I found it quarrels. I wanted the laughing laugh of the scene where Jane said that Rochester's pink would cool down and he would turn out to be hot again, but he could "like it" again and again. Dalton's performance is so good that, rarely being bluffing, - when Rochester cried in the library, I saw him as an actor, not Rochester. As a set, if anyone has ever caught an episode of the show "Dark Shadow" of the 1960s, then what could anyone expect - too stark and sometimes rickety looking interior. To the end, others have made full and brief comments about Rochester Sports Make Up Jobs. Dad! It's bad. The conclusion is very sudden. After all the torment and mysteries, I wanted to finish off more rounds. And, my DVD copy may be slightly higher at the beginning and end of all Ages 25-30 minutes. That said, I will be very happy to have this film and see it repeatedly.
