Charlotte Bront's classic novel "Jane Eyre" has many adaptations, and considering numerous reviews written about them, which one of them is the best. Short film adaptations all enjoy the way that the whole plot of the novel can not be taken in a movie about 100 minutes. Length, as a result, these films show only a few parts of the novel. The TV series proved to be the more appropriate format for transforming all the different episodes of Heron's life. <br /> <br /> Three TV mini-series '73, '83 and published in 2006. The 2006 edition is not the worst of all three, but one of the worst examples of all Jane's Irish adaptations and an exemplary example of a perfect movie. Beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by intimate and trivial and important scenes are removed or replaced by scenes that can not do with the novel. As a result, how do these behaviors indicate that the characters described are nothing in common with Rochester and Jane in the novel, and behave in the opposite way in the book, but their behavior and language are not quite consistent. Set novels which set the novel. It is a stupid soap opera, in which actors played the role of wearing 1850's clothes and made mistakes. This "Jane Eyre" (she dares to call herself) actually faces Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The 1973 edition was very loyal to the novel that long between Rochester and Long Jen were render lengths. But what works nicely in the novel does not work well on the screen. The language of the novel is very complex and with the appearance of normal on screen conversations, gradual and continuous interruptions of Jane's voice-over-conversations add artificiality and stereotype. And despite the fidelity of the novel, the essence of the scenes was not taken. Another problem is the main character cast. Sergey Cusack's bold, confident, world-wide young girl is completely different from Jane's scriptwriter's literary model and Michael Joyston, although a good actor, not only a physical presence or Rochester, who is not eligible to play. Although a modest adaptation is that it simply fails to express the passion and intensity of the novel and never fascinates the audience. <br /> <br /> All errors of the '73 version have been corrected with the TV mini series of '83, Timothy Dalton and Jella Clark. Although Timothy Dalton was very handsome, tall and lively to Rochester from Pu purist's point of view, he was entitled to the qualities necessary for the role: he had a physical presence, great magnetism and self-assurance and air of authority. And despite his unexpected skills he looks strong enough and hard to play Thornfield's cruel master. But the superiority of his performance is the way he render Rochester's character all aspects. Among all Rochester actors, he is the only raster's hardness, often the arrogance, his mood and suddenness, as well as his ridiculous aspects, his tenderness, his sincerity and deep, terrible love. Handling of Charlton's Brunt Language Dalton is equally impressive. While Delton provided them, Rochester's most distant and complex ideas are absolutely true and natural. He is right Rochester, unclear and extraordinary, and it is impossible to imagine Rochester acting in another way or imagine any other actor after seeing this role. <br /> <br /> The performance of Jellah Clark equally excellent is probably more difficult to play better than one of Rochester's performance. He portrayed the novel Zen, outwardly shy, protected and protected, but who had a deep depth of feeling and a great power of will. He achieved duality well in the role of Zen: On the one hand, his humility and respect, on the other hand, his fire and emotion, his unexpected weakness and ineligible to correct and wrong. She and Dolton's wonderful chemistry and their joy together in pure scenes. <br /> <br /> This version of the literary model favors verbatim from the novel as the '73 version, but with a significant difference: dialogues have been summarized in this version, but the main line is essential for the characterization of characters and the development of the plot, unchanged Is. In this way, the script writer Shlatto avoids the artificiality of lectures by fully maintaining the bront's language beauty and originality. And unlike the previous BBC version, the scenes of each scene were completely captured. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel has been followed with more accuracy. It is almost a scene for the novel scene, wherein equal time and emphasis on each episode of Jane's life. It is the only Jane Array adaptation that is a gypsy scene worthy of the novel and is the only one that fully judges the original and most heartening scenes of the novel, when Jane and Rochester meet after married marriage. Especially Timothy Dalton plays that scene with superb efficiency. He often expressed the painful intensity of Renaissance's pain, because he understood the Zen's decision to leave him, his scary attempts to stay him and he realized the final frustration of leaving him. It's an impressive, almost devastating scene, which has been with the audience for a long time. <br /> <br /> Even throwing small roles completely, a nice script and two leading leading actors are sure and only true "Jane Eyre".
