Manuel Gomez Perera created this film in an attempt to mix drama and comedy, "It is something that makes life worthwhile." "This is not your real voice, you have a lot of vocals (mostly pitch, on the way), but it goes a little bit away from the ideals of Spanish cinema. The opposite is that the elements of the film are mixed and when some points do not improve well , Others are out of place.A day in the life of two people near the middle of the year, Gomez Perry's movie, George (Eduze) Fern Fernandez) In spite of your back load with the head of a permanent paradro, a drama seems to see things change, but it can only be a bumpy point of its commitment to a minor, in line with Audrey Taute of Long Dating. Jean-Pierre Junayet, 2004), George says something like himself: "If there is a coin available before my corner which is now my Agya going to change. "Obviously, it can be a" great day, "(Jo Puyad Sre Yu Gran Día), Joan Manuel Serett and some of his cricketers, Hortensia (Ana Belen), he is the age of another woman, divorced and slightly lonely. Accept, organize birthday couples, for example, like a mother, telling her faith in God and saying Hartania led the movement of a mother, a man of many contradictions in her behavior in Hortênia, life in her life was leading "70% of people fall in love with her life forever" and said that although it is smaller than George and Baker, and she "sleeps" on the shoulder of this movie The prospect does not refuse. Then the first opportunity comes, wedding ceremony, behind a car and other things The players who think that they have achieved a unique experience, they work very hard for the audience, something that makes life worthwhile. + The debates between us are that of two adults who have no other to see their strange relationship and vice versa. As the comedy allows the case to be taken, things like a Chinese song of marriage (which seems to be funny in itself II), or the speed of a drunk person. The problem is that it does not leave the time of connecting with our players, so we can not dramatically identify and give us a solid base comic, we can exclude everything without a true joke. In the end, everyone is mixed in such a way that the audience does not know better that they have to laugh or mourn, and not to the end. And it is true that no one is seen thousands of times, we are not such a movie that does not turn any pattern, but what we want to do is not enough or special. Anna Belen (which was less than 53 years in the film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very enjoyable to see the work, but at this time they feel ready or comfortable for a scene that wants to calm her down. The film prevails, so bar things like "accidents" with children seem to be slipping from their hands at the moment. Perhaps a very dramatic change will happen, but that's no excuse for reducing our guard. In any case, both interpreters are easily placed in the highlight of the function. The 'living things' work only on the humble level of entertainment. No romantic comedy or drama has been fulfilled in any form, we think they wanted to do, they could not afford to succeed for a little while succeeding (out of bad) because it was a talking and laughing among the characters Compared to the boy in coma compared to him. Not so much for people like Rosario Pardo, who created a common friend, whose biggest contribution to the film is "Must be drunk" and soundtrack songs, although not significant, this is not appropriate. This photo of Manuel Gomez Perrera hits (some moments associated with Jose Sacrifice), but the whole is an Android Story, a movie about good intentions and good when a good result
