"Flavia, la monca swing" Wu. The "Flavia the Heritage" of 1974 is a part of a truly annoying and incomprehensible Italian exposition movie that follows certain number of feminist courts (though the level of riddle and cruelty will probably hate most feminists). Set to a maximum of one convent, and "Flavia the Heritage" can be referred to as a 'uns plotation' movie with a nun as an unnamed central hero (the wonderful role of excellent Florida Balkan). However, this film is generally quite different from the non-coupling flicks of the time, because it does not pay much attention to nonplotation elements such as homosexuality, tragic homosexual punishment. Personally, I joined the hexplotation Flick. The time, such as "The Devil of Mark", (although it does not treat the issue of sinking), which focuses on the cruel execution of Christian fundamentalism of the medieval and modern era. <br /> <br /> In 1600 Italy: Young Flavia was forced to become a nun in the Convent after she met a wounded Muslim soldier and hit a wounded Muslim soldier. A few years later, when his father was condemned for a minor misconduct by fellow Nun, Falvi hatred against female hate against women hate hatred, and he joins a band of Arabic Skewerners ... <br /> <br /> One The thing is definitely certain, "Flavia the Heritage" is not for a weak heart, nor is it for those who want to end happy. Director Zainfrenko Mingzzy probably tried to make his film as realistic and boring as possible, especially in his nasty scenes. Most torture-and execution scenes are extremely annoying, with skins, speech, and other horrific scenes of clear detail, most young people are being tortured at the beginning of the film. Violence here is not inevitable, however. Finally, these great methods were actually real when shooting the film. The film is very well-made, realistic clothing, superb setting and an elegant cinematography and Nikola Paivani's great score. Fantasticly beautiful and great Fooline Balkan proved his talent among many great Italian culture-productions (including Lucio Phuli's Gaololo-Masterpiece "Non C Sevizia U Pepperino"). He distributed another amazing, charismatic performance here, and I can not portray another actress as well as his role. There are some minor inconsistencies in the film (eg, why the rigid church followed the malicious religious followers in the first place). However, it is a real wonder how this movie is a whole spectrum. The Italian absorption movie should definitely be missed by my colleague "Flavia the heretic". It's a great absorption flick overall, although it's definitely a deep depressing one and should therefore be seen in the right mood. Very annoying exploitation movie fans recommend. 7.5 / 10
