Flavia is an indefinite act of The Heritage Industry and probably one of my number suggests that euro-absorption movies are strictly underlying and not ignored. Is it an intelligent and complex film, beautiful perception and ?? Wondering ?? Excellent gorgeous right! It is more than just meaningless sledge or inefficient violence and it is also considered as the foolish movie committee that classifies Flavia as a banned trash. Flavia, a 14th-century young man, is forced to lead a formal salt in a harsh convent. He refused to accept her because of being his wife, and he cursed his colleague for being so tolerant in this regard. After failing to escape, he made friends with another rebel Noon and he also conducted an army of bloody Muslims in the walls of the Convent. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> It is almost impossible to believe that Jianfrenko Mingjaji became able to become so realistic and so annoying . I challenge you to come up with a headline that focuses more on forward feminism than Flavia. Most of the sequences have been threatened (actually in the dark of the night, as the camera jumped into brutal rape, torture and separation). Yet, remember that these raw footage is not only used to satisfy the deformed Gourhounds. I am firmly convinced that they are trying to communicate part of the statement 'flavia': Humanity (especially the Catholic Church) historically proves itself as a hypocritical and discriminating nation and there is no use to deny it more. Films named "Flavia, The Heritage" have the courage to condemn our precious ancestors and openly and I really appreciate them for them. Flavia is an outstanding and fundamental exploitative film due to its substance, but it has also brought a high level of extraordinary cinematography, glorious clothes and scenes and by Nikola Paavani, by an exciting musical score. Florida is very convincing as the Bolkin aspirant and headstrong clerk but it stole theft as those of those of Maria Casares who are Shoster Agatha. He is a man's hatred and loudly who likes to pee in the open field! Amen, sister!
