I think this movie was nothing more about human sexuality, whether intentionally or not. We also see that women can not be allowed in such a nationally important event as well as how stupid and incompatible it is to forget about our illogical "advanced" countries. I write from Japan, where women were given the right to vote 60 years ago and the recent events of the female technical engineer. England's pubs were all-time, completely global for women in America, and China's women were holding their feet so that they could not take enough firm action to flee their husbands. Iran is running smoothly at this stage in our time and we have seen how ridiculous we are looking at one or the other. Coming back to the issue of sex, we are surprised that it can be women's ineligible to play a football (ceremonial reason that men are bad). Especially girls of this kind of girls, so many couples that you also get the feeling that homosexuality is in the agenda. I think one point is that all women are not the same, and women who are trying to "protect" the police, they will not try to move to the first place. The early scenes of the stadium route are trying to get you into the young women - and everyone separately - everyone - everyone. It's a brutish man's world. Any brave woman should try to go! Sex is not one size-fit in the world. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the arrested girls are waiting for the prisoners to wait in the inner pen of captives, where and where they are more finely, to start bonding with the watchers guarded on them. These were specific ideas about women and women, which are challenging hand-ons. Change of attitude is a snowstorm, but visible. <br /> <br /> Since this movie is pure from the very first moment, it becomes easier for foreigners, but you have special ways to respect the characters themselves, and you get to the full picture, and even to understand misunderstandings of men and Give them slack. The supposed villain is the invisible father of Ayatollah, which is invisible and unnamed, and probably countless. <br /> <br /> This picture gives me a feeling to know that Iran-Bahrain was portrayed during the actual event of the match, for fear of all involved.
