In Iran, women are not allowed to participate in male sporting events, apparently they can hear from male fans to "save" them from all curses and idiocy language (So men can not prevent or behave themselves, women are forced to enjoy Go to.). "Offside" tells the story of half a dozen or so young women, who tried to tear into high-stage matches between Iran and Bahrain, who had been dressed like men, qualified for Iran's World Cup in 2005 (the movie actually portrays a big part during that game). ) <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a slice of off-life comedy that will remind you of all those great human movies. ( "The Shop of muina Street", "Love in the mid-1960" Prague miracle "as part of a golden flowing from communist Czechoslovakia," "klojali oyacada Train" etc.). Many work, such as "Offside", is more concerned than living rather than compelling fantasy fiction in any of life. In fact, it is the simplicity of the setup and the nature of the style that makes the movie so effective. <br /> <br /> Once their silver is discovered, girls can be thrown out of the stadium in a small right corner where they can hear the raucous cheering emanating from the inside game. Where they are trapped, what they can do is allow them to enter with security guards, who are basically defending forces, who are forced to perform their duties as part of their spontaneous military service. Even after going to the stadium, most men do not feel bothered to allow this woman. Still the ban continues. Yet, how can one be influenced by a real courage and spark shown by this woman that she goes against a system that is running such ridiculous and old restrictions? And, yet, the purpose of these women is not to rally or "point" behind any reason. They are very fond of fans with a strong desire to watch a football game and are happy over their team like all the men of the country. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to know how much of the conversation can be scripted. How much of it is incomplete, however, in both cases, the actors do a great job, with their surprisingly open face, feeling every moment completely real and firm. Mohammad Khair-Abedi and Shayesti are an outstanding stand-out of outstanding cast in Iran. The film's structure is very loose and free, because the author / director Jafar Pahahahi and co-authors Shadem's Rastin focus for a few brief moments of one or two characters, then keep it easy and easy for others. With this documentary-type approach, we think we're waiting for the real event to be published in "real-time". Often, it is very easy for us to forget that we are actually watching a movie. <br /> <br /> This film was a very smart move to include such a beautiful humor in the film (what it was to Czech filmmakers too), to highlight the whole foolishness of the situation and to widen the appeal of film for domestic and foreign viewers. Well The "Offside" is apparently crying for justice, but it is a matter that denies her story as a heavy-respiratory tragedy. Instead, it realizes that social barriers do not break into an elaborate skill with humor and appeal to the general humanity of the audience. And can not really be said of true art? In his own calm, different way, "Offside" is one of the most remarkable, undeveloped gems of 2007.
