Anna (Ursula Andres) was officially brought as RNA. To serve an elderly legislator, former lover Benito Verato (Duella Dol Prati), returned to the health after the heart attack of Leonida Botacin (Mario Pisco) County. But Benito is actually leading a group of heirs and businessmen with American entrepreneur Mr. Kitchen (Jack Palance), whose purpose was to bring the goals that Anna really would count. She has a history, well, likes women, and she will actually be a "more feeble" as he cures. If Anna does not go next, the countdown will stop and the number of bad ones increases. The end could be satirical, but perhaps it is probably described as expected. <br /> <br /> But much for the plot - this movie is completely a romantic comedy, starting from the beginning and how good it is. There are many nude scenes, including Ana and Jolie, Luciana Paluzu has played an unpleasant heir. Ulsula and Luciana both of the continental ex-bond women, and thus fulfill the imagination of male viewers. Thunderbolt (Remember the Fiona Choice), Luciana plays a cowboy fatty, arranged, neatly neatly. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best view is to bring the full strip of Anna (slowly) and to the bed with the youth Adon, "other patients" (incredibly opposed), tried to know what he knew about this plot. But at this moment he already faces two (for good), because he decided not to go along. However, Benito was more than a two-timer with women, had been brought in the past and Jolie had a long past glimpse, and the competitor's best boyfriend scene followed an embarrassing (and lightly) logic in her and Jol. This is down to Luciana's only black panties which faces up to a standing. Another beautiful one-storey swimming pool full of nude Counter like a counter to keep in hand wherever you want to Ursula, and take advantage of it. Hey, I go back to the names of actresses in my account. Erotic scenes involving other women include a funny nude wine salaried Chase. "Sensuousness nurse" compact, 77 minutes, but it does not have to be - it's enjoyable without break, it starts to finish. Definitely recommend. <br /> <br />
