Most of those who get the idea about this movie; Flight from Boston at 11am at 11am, a flight from Boston lost a whole family and even dogs. You probably do not know this picture: how it feels; What do you do with that; And how will you affect the way you and your waking days? The image gradually came up from the gate and then got very little speed, when recently renewal relations between dentist Allan Johnson (Don Chadale) and former college room room charity Charlie Feynman (Adam Sandler) became strong. Shape. Characters are present in this movie whose presence is primarily compulsory and not better, but actually live with this story and you see that the simplicity of each character is reliable - and correct. The real people live in a real situation where they can do a little bit of work, but they get separated from one another. The pain in Charlie's soul is clearly evident from the first role and we can learn more about her character, as has been published by Sandler as an onion layer? Together with lightweight and weight one layer. It's a fine performance which sneaks on you and gets inside your head when you're watching him on the screen. Cheadle's Allan Johnson is equally fine and very Don Cheadle. Always watchable, when Chadle's screen speaks with its extreme acting skills, the precision is simple. Allan's relationship with Charlie Feynman is fine in the earth, just as situation needs to be. Fineman does not want friendship, nor is anyone intruding into his cloistered life and yet, Allan Malik is honest enough and even honest enough to have a recluse plot like Charlie. It's Alan who has Charlie's job to open the ceiling life carefully. There are inherent dangers in the process. More Alan has opened up Charlie, friends and psychologist Angela Wakhrst (Love Tyler) services surrounded the danger of pushing it so far. Charlie looked at the moment of waking up and denied it even after one. He has denied everything that had existed before for existence with its losses. Unfortunately, his grief is one thing he can not refuse. During the release of the story, Sandler withdrew the pain of his character so deep that when he met his ghosts, the audience shared his pain almost equally. Alan stands at the risk of her own perfect home-life standing at the side of Charlie across this genuine process - with the grace and expertise of Wenne's praise. (Jada Peckett Smith) Allan feels internal while moving towards Charlie's recovery and confesses his silence on the death of independence, and the boy becomes a man. To help Charlie, her reward helped her reconnect with what she lost. The theme is much like Fisher King; Another story of a person who isolating himself from sadness and loss of madness Like the Fisher King, the story ends with the traditional, everyone has a theme for them. The reign of Men Leiden Sinclair, (played by Fisher King's wonderful Amanda Plummer), Donna Rimer, (Kefar Barrows), a woman on Johnson's broken and sketch patient shoulder, who becomes sufficiently restless, Charlie's borders are crazy. This is a good ending of the story, but perhaps one element is likely to sound at least. Then again, maybe there really is someone for everyone. Dvorah: McDonald Vancouver, BC
