I do not really go into the "kingdom of truth" to know what to expect from the director or the story. Plot was easy to understand, I guess. The entire family of this man died on 9/11, and he closed the world outside his life. OK. I do not know whether it will use the attachment of terrorism as a platform to talk about other issues related to it and this is not actually a clear level, so if you walk around, the political opinions may differ from you, I will not worry about it. I do not think even a point was made to mention the writing even "September of the twentieth century". <br /> <br /> Overall, I was fascinated. It was a very moving picture. The movie has a sense of humor, and it's very sharp, but it's definitely a play where it's counting. I do not usually think that comedy actors are actually unable to act, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler definitely enabled it (and although I think, you can disagree, Jim Carey is very good round. Sometimes). The screenplay of Sandler's Charlie Feynman plays a character that the surface seems completely vague and it becomes completely believable. I have read many reviews criticizing the writings of Allan Johnson (written by Don Chadle on another excellent ground, not like his recent few pictures), who played well by Jada Pacquet Smith, his static and lazy, but it is totally untrue. <br /> <br /> It has depth, but some of it is hidden behind the original story, which sometimes goes out of focus and out. (Which also thinks of a somewhat unusual transition at the beginning of the film, fadeout "remove everything from a weird" fadeout. After the first 40 minutes, they are no longer used. Perhaps it is important for the characters' perspective, artistic, or maybe they did understand how It was teased.) This image gradually started publishing the point to us (the story is quite a few) Clearly the most obvious), which is sometimes its own way to express the sorrow of the people. Perhaps it seems to be overwhelming to us, maybe it seems unhealthy, but some people may want to forget more than that. Just exist The film soundtrack was fantastic and used music to follow and change the music, which instead gives credit to actors and writers, instead of establishing them. <br /> <br /> The song is called "Love, Rain Ore Me", The Who's Rock Opera, Quadrathenia Off. The song itself is fairly incomplete for the real story, but in the film it is used on the final episode and at the very end. The film is well read, and it does not seem that it is dragging anywhere, which is more than 2 hours. If you can accept this deep-hearted and broken person's Adam Sandler screenplay, then you will enjoy the movie. You will become entangled in the story, and you will feel truly real for every minute letter. It's not the best movie of the year and there is nothing surprising or positive in it, but it's a very enjoyable, visible movie, all.
