On September 11, 2001, millions of people were killed; But 2,819 lives in a particularly terrible way of life. They were victims of the hijacking of the aircraft by extremists, whose sole aim was to destroy the building, but more importantly people. This picture focuses on four people, whose life is a harmful act and a person who lives in a way that affects their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Feynman (played by Adam Sandler), a former Dentist in New York, lost his wife and three children on September 11 on the way to Los Angeles. Emotionally eliminated by events, he finally lost touch with everyone who reminded him of his previous life; His father-in-law and his best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon, and Mike Bender respectively). He denies full denial and forgot his former life does his good job. So far he runs his old college friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Chadell), who does not seem to think Feynman. Both of them started to be caught, but Feynman felt that Johnson was sent to help send people out of his previous life. Slowly, but sure, Feynman got back his faith for Johnson. <br /> <br /> All this is happening, Allan Johnson's life is on the wrong track. He is a relative (dentalist) who helps in starting dental practice. One day, his name was Donna Riemer (played by Saffron Boros), a patient wanted to move on to him and said that he wanted to have oral sex for her. It is a strange surprise to Dr. Johnson, because he is a man married to two children. He is coming home from work on a specific business day, he tries to see his old friend (Fineman) and flag him. He failed, but he got another chance, and prompted Finnman to come with him to catch the cuff, though Finnman knew who he was. <br /> <br /> Some of the most interesting films about this movie use music as a motif. One of Feynman's physical crutches is music, especially Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When Feynman is asked to talk about his past about talking open or unexpected, he keeps his earphones and drown the world with his music. <br /> <br /> When the movie was over, I was thinking, how would I deal with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such a tragic event? This is something we really do not really care about. We always think they will be there and we will often accept them, we want to We generally understand how important they are when late; And such a blow can destroy someone physically, mentally, and physically. I do not really know that I can deal with such things. Will I deal with the problem, cope with it and walk with my life or will I just set up my headphones and block the world?
