Once again, time and time, it seems that Hollywood comedians were surprised as a dramatic actor with their talent: First of all, it was Robin Williams ('One Hour Photo'), while Jim Carey ('Eternal Sunshine?') (2004) 'is an example, then Will Farel (' Stranger Fiction (2006) '} and now Adam Sandler. Yes, it's absolutely right: A person who has created a whole career in cute, gossip comedy [I'm not complaining; I'm always a fan of) I finally gave me a performance that she could be proud of. Of course, some readers might think that what happened with 'Punch-Drunk Love (2002)', but I can only assure you that this is a movie that I'm taking to see as soon as possible, because I have heard it terrible. Director Mike Binder's first film, 'Rain Over Me', intelligent and respectable findings of sorrow and friendship. Although sometimes it is erroneous in the well-known neighborhoods, but somewhat predictable stories provide surprisingly deep and ongoing evidence, both Sandler and Don Chadle provide memorable performances. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheddle) is a successful dentist with a good family, though he is unable to communicate adequately with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and so his marriage is a little bit of a hassle. Charlie Feynman (Adam Sandler) Alan's former college roommate, who lost her entire family on September 11, 2001 in a terrorist attack, and still faces her sad feelings. A vague image (often compared to Bob Dylan) with dirty hair and inferior eyes, Charlie has abandoned his career in dentistry and spent loneliness: cutting out all the words in the external world as a result of listening to music with headphones, driving motorcycle scooters around Manhattan, myself fantastically Immersed in video games and its dead stages As regards the final reeky repeatedly reinstated in her apartment kitchen. Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years, later can not recognize her old friend, abandoned any memory completely before her life-threatening experience. In fact, at first he does not accept the existence of his family and whenever he advises counseling someone, his anger is suddenly lost. <br /> <br /> First of all, it may seem a harm to the filmmakers. Used as a storyteller on September 11th. Finally, the Charlie family died in a normal, daily car accident, would not it be devastating? However, if you think that the intention of the director shows a lot of pain caused by general citizens' tragedy, then 'Rain over me' does a very good job. It is easy to get so caught up in numbing figures to ignore the mental values ​​of terrorist attacks! I saw this first 9/11 movie that those who were not even involved were really confronted with their grief, whose only sufferings they lost to those whom they liked. Adam Sandler shows the wonderful range in a solid role, that he was not in the task until a piece was broken into pieces. Immediately snapping between impressiveness, anger and depression, Charlie Feynman is a man, with whom we can be deeply sympathetic, a deceitful spirit, thanks to an old friend's consolation, can finally show the light at the end of the dark, bright tunnel.
