May be runner! <br /> <br /> Charlie Feynman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy (September 11 terrorist attacks), still expressed regret over their death. He revived his former college roommate, Allan Johnson (Don Chadle), and their two friends. Alan promises to help her old friend to step down with terrible losses. This is a simplicity of the basic story of my reign over me. <br /> <br /> <br /> This movie is a story of how fate is going on in our lives, when we can empower ourselves, we can do something about our own countries. Allan is stuck in a life that he knows and is no longer complementary. She is friendless and out of touch with her own reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and his partners in the work. He can not express his feelings and as a result, he feels lost and remote from his own world. Chance on Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving to his job. Eventually he met and discovered Charlie, (who does not remember Alan originally), lives in his own lies. Her family had no family when Charlie had gone back to her life a while. He was still a student playing a rock band, collecting the band's vinyl records of the 60s and 70s, and playing video games as he lived. He has escaped from a good and safe time in his life, where there is no bad guy and there is less to lose him. Each of these films has been affected by the tragedy which affects Charlie and instead of the previous and better (?) Place. Its being its keeper and great enabler. His father-in-law has been subdued from his life because they will take him back to the reality that his family has left his life now. Allan is most influenced by him because Allan wants to make Charlie (selfish desire to flee from his own reality) as a means of reducing himself from his wishful reality, and then he wants to find a way that Charlie denies his self-inflicted crime and loss Start recovering. Through this relationship, Charlie is not only able to cure himself, but Allan can actually learn to communicate with her true will and learn to work with her partners, and eventually she can not accept her real feelings to her wife, but was able to express She is very firmly inclined that she loves him. This is actually a harmful moment in the film, when the stuff has hit the fan and faces Charlie's reality that he and Alan are talking about the situation together that "sugar" that Charlie said is actually worried about Allan and not himself. <br /> <br /> If you leave this movie, you will take it with emotional river and worry. Charlie is smiling using his words, as people actually work in daily life, create a ridiculous statement about the real situation. This will leave you in tears, (in my real tears), when Charlie expresses his sorrow and begins to wander with his extraordinary loss. And in reality the tragic reality was that his crime and loss did not really leave him and he knew that in the only way he knew: denial. It will curse a young prosecutor who tries to win your "suit" because of the cold, stagnation (as I actually did in Charlie's hearing!) And it will make you smile in the honor of the old and wise, hard judge, (Donald Sutherland, who was good at being a little independent and legal A wise, hardy person was given the best performance in the profession, Wilford Bermelli Malice's Anupas Assistant Attorney General played thitite.) <br /> <br /> The film was amazing to me some other reasons: (1) the film does not show the time, once I looked at my watch. Which meant to me from the beginning to the end, (2) Although Cast was different, this issue was not important in excluding the characters' role in this film. Race was a non-factor to play the role in this movie. Amazing people can actually communicate with these facts coming out! And (3) The only real reference to 9/11 when Charlie's financial attorney Charlie Harry refers to the tragedy, "What happened in Charlie 9/12"? How will this movie stand in future, it will be time to test the truth, but the purpose of the movie is not only for entertainment, but to create a thought and leave the theater with you, then keep this film with you, then reign over me as far as I am anxious phenomenally successful. I still have not forgotten this wonderful thought-provoking movie and I'm looking forward to the day I can buy it as a DVD.
