Because of the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Chadle, the kingdom has succeeded on me. Although the dramatic actor curious actor has seen some confusion, Sandler is not strangers to play a more serious role. Most of the letters he described may have a restless mood and a weakness that can burst at the moment. She might even cast cast for characters with hidden anger problems. However, this performance reverses its role in some significant dramatic weight, punch-drunk love and low-comedic fares like Spanglish. <br /> <br /> The film, Allen Johnson (Cheadle), is running its old college roommate, Charlie Finnmann (Sandler), whom she has not seen for many years. Five years ago, Charlie was suffering from a plane crash, his wife and three daughters. Charlie acknowledged Chadell's character as the suppression of his memories and suppression of monochromatic childhood life after the accident. Alan continues to remain involved in his conversation that Charlie thinks he is who. Following their new relationship, Finman will be allowed to remain a friend who will not talk about his loss, eventually allowing him to face thoughts and feelings suppressed in his own position. <br /> <br /> Although author-director Mike Binder does not understand much about a personal style and some of his shots and transites are somewhat painful, he's becoming a great and talented writer for his great performance from his actors. He shot this image with a digital camera, because many more filmmakers are working today, the crew enables to shoot night scenes with limited light. It focused on the colorful backgrounds of New York City, but this resulted in continuous digital grains, which spread blue spaces and continued on screen. <br /> <br /> Almost every major character of my kingdom delivers the performance. Memorable to play their own role as Jad-Pinket Smith, especially the character of Leiv Tyler Chadell and the frustrated wife of psychologist. However, this is Sandler and Chadle, which gives them some of the best work today. They are fully owned by this movie. Sandler actually plays a character that is not very similar or acts like his own, partially credits his Bob Dylan-Esquier wig. Although Chadle's character has more screen time than the Sandler, both of them will be considered as main roles, because they support each other and support each other throughout the film. <br /> <br /> The music is also a great part of the film, especially the title song "Rain over me," or "gain, rain his m" by The Who, and then covered by Pearl Jam. Among the most powerful moments in the film, Bindara uses music to stop Shondar's feelings and memories, but instead of reducing his anger, such a passion emits so much, it stimulates his emotions. All in one, the kingdom over me is an enjoyable, sad, still many interesting pictures, driven by its amazing leading performance.
