As part of the SXSW Film Festival this film was shown last night at the Paramount Theater in Austin. We congratulated the presence of director Mike Binder and the presence of actor Adam Sandler and Don Chadle who raised the question of audience after the film. It's a great and powerful movie that likes to lose it and starts to find your way. Performance is both a phenomenal and a way that is very rare in the story both managed to be unfortunate and funny. (For the film, the trailer tries hard to emphasize comicose aspects.) <br /> <br /> Breakout role for Adam Sandler. While being transformed into a more dramatic role with the five-drunken love and Spanglish, this role is an important step for him as a dramatic actor. She is eligible for the Oscar nomination as she continues to play Tom Hanks and Jim as more dramatic role continues in transmission. In this role, he is trying to channel Rain Man's Dustin Hoffmann. Although the autistic people playing is certainly different from Sandler's tragic character, but for various reasons both characters are stuck in the world of childlike isolation and confusion. <br /> <br /> Don Chadle's performance is less surprising, but just as well. After the hotel Rwanda and the crash, we came to expect the extraordinary non-performances from Cheadle. He has qualities of sincerity and honesty that comes through this role. But he did not even have a deeper way as the character of Sandler, but broke and struggled. Cheadle is struggling with difficulty in her professional life as both her marriage and a dentist. In real life, often true friends work with Chadell and Sandler's struggles, (like Matt Damon and Robin Williams, remembering Good Will Hunting). They are searching for a part that is trying to find themselves missing and finding themselves. <br /> <br /> One of the best studio movies to be released this year. Soundtrack, the plot is almost another character, which is wonderful. Filming in New York Street - A city that suffered a big tragedy and had to cure itself - it's also pretty beautiful. The role supported by Jada Pacquet Smith, Liv Tyler, Cepher Barros (a very strange role), Donald Switterland and Mike Binder, is very good. <br /> <br /> Author / Director Mike Bindara is really a story that will be able to connect with many levels. This is a story about sorrow, family, healing, male friendship, emotional health and love. Do not despair the kingdom over me. It's almost as characters as you draw the character life of it as the film. If Hughio used to create more character-driven movies, like Rhine over me,
