The silence of this modern film provides a story starting from the end of the surprising, dangerous characters and fantastic entertainment to the successor heirs of Hit and Plot Twists. It is impossible to negotiate with a honest, unbelievable hero, or it is impossible to find them as they try to get out of the terrible predictions, so you can strengthen your seat belt and enjoy it. <br /> < br>> <br /> <br /> A common man's story that makes a bad decision and then shows that his reaction to him is such a phenomenon. Inspired by the series continuation, from which he can not get rid of himself. Similar killings, deception, corruption, and doubleness themes, which really spread throughout the whole. There are many known silent visual motifs, such as the way to smoke cigarette smoke, filled with rain roads, dark shaded interior and made of greed doors (built by the door). <Br> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicholas Cage), experienced wounded warrior without any money or job, was stopped in a bar at Red Rock, Woming, and misunderstood by a Wright player, Owen Brown (Jetty Walsh). He arranged to work to kill his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boole). Michael, a naturally impartial person, does nothing to refuse his wrong understanding wine, especially he can use a job and at first he can not understand what he wants to do. After knowing what his mission was and was given to him on 5000 August, he went to see Suzanne and warned him about Owen's plan. He does not feel very concerned about the danger he has taken, and Michael offers twice the fees for Michael to eliminate his husband. <br /> <br /> Michael decided to take money from Michael on both sides and leave the city. But his plan failed, when he accidentally went into a person standing in the middle of the street and decided to take him to hospital for treatment for his injuries. In the hospital, when the patient is in Suzanne's lover that appears and there are two bullets in her stomach get things more complicated This leads to the revelation that involves local law enforcement officials and Owen Sheriff! At the moment, things become more complex and more dangerous, especially when the real Hurt, Lalle Dallas (Dennis Hooper) comes in the scene. <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" is a great mystery moment, (this is an example that exits Michael Mine from the Wayne Bar) and some great performance of his strong Cast. Nicholas Keez's expression is very natural and trustworthy, because he responds in different situations, including anxiety, surprise or uncertainty, and JT Walsh is particularly good as a fraudulent character that he is not always saying. Dennis Hooper has been seriously threatened by a deadly contract killer (he plays a role in a great role) and Lara Flynn Boill is very cool and counted as a women's fathle. Doubt Yakam also offers some good support and humorous moments in his role of cameras as a nonsense truck driver. Unbelievably, "Red Rock West" was originally denied for the release of the original movie, but the appropriate creator would derive from his courteous beginnings, eventually it would really be recognized as that great movie.
