Yelling Studios, a television and film production company based in West London, claims to be the world's oldest film studio. Since the 1930s, it has consistently slowed the film and television shows, but between 1948 and 1955, its golden age must have made a string of comedy best plays, many acted in great Alex Ginny's. Such well-known titles include Whiskey Galore! (1949), "Passport to Pimicó (1949)," Conde Hearts and Coronets (1949), "The Loveender Hill Mob (1951)," The Titfold Thunderbolt (1953) "and" The Ladicellers "(1955)." Yale Studios The favorite movie, "The Man in the White Sweet", was released in 1951 and starring Alec Guinness as Sidney Stratton, an outstanding inventor who is an engineer, an extraordinary fabric, discovery It was unexpected that he made enemies more enemies than friends. <br /> <br /> Sydney Stratton is poor and unexpected, but he has a lot of scientific talent in abundance, due to his ability, he can get the only job that astrologer of the big textile factory Or worker, where he secretly uses his own money and tools to test himself After finding out indefinitely and after being indefinitely out of season, Sidney is confident that she will revolutionize the garment industry just a few weeks away from a sophisticated scientific discovery. Encouraged by his daughter Duffen (Joan Greenwood), Textile Mill owner Alan Barnley (Seychel Parker) took an interest in Sydney's exploits and agreed to do more work. After numerous unsuccessful attempts and a series of earthquake explosions, Sydney has finally released its amazing creation: a nearly-bright white cloth that never gets dirty and never worn it. <br /> <br /> If Sydney thinks that her discovery will make him a hero, then he was sorely frustrated. The all-powerful masters of the textile industry led by the straying Sir John Kearl (Ernst Thesgar), that revolutionary discovery, which could completely distort their business, never can produce full-grade education. Likewise, low labor workers in the labor union have heard about Sydney's creation and have prepared for it to get rid of their fear of job loss. The inventor is sure that many permanent fabrics will bring relief and happiness and will also refuse to meet the needs of others in the face of threat of violence and ₤ 250,000 will be compensated. Through all the problems of its innovation in the media, only one person gives her complete sympathy and support to Sidney, Bennilie's daughter Duffen, who is interested in marrying someone else, but falls in love with Sidney's plight. <br /> <br /> "The Man in the White Suit" is a cute and funny comedy, written by a wicked script (written by John Ditan, Roger McDouge and director Alexander McDricklaw), and a playful and charismatic performance of an ineffable Alex Guinness Made great There are some good nature swipes of capitalism and how big the industrial progress can have for their large financial circumstances, although we can certainly see the arguments for both debates.
