This Ealing Comedy is one of the coolest edgy edits of things that are so humiliating fun. For most modern comedies the shots considered to be absolutely essential are deliberately released. (It was known as the British colony.) <br /> <br /> Three examples: A comic war is edited in this way. Alec Guiness has discovered a new cloth that will destroy the art. Half a dozen businessmen tried to sign an agreement to leave the control of clothes to invite him to his office so that production could be pressurized. When he caught on this, Guiness stood and walked to the door to walk. Two men block his path. "Excuse me," he says calmly, taking a step forward. Two men moved between Guinea and the camera. Cut A secretary was sitting outside his desk. The buzz has silence until its nervous signal starts. He lifted the notebook and opened the door of the internal office where a full-fledged crypt is in progress and half of the house was destroyed. Gaines Dash outside the open door. <br /> <br /> The following examples will be inconceivable today. Guinness set up a wide range of chemical equipment at the discovery stage, but instead of converting the experimental fluid into new clothes, the device exploded. Again and again it explodes. All other work in the laboratory was cleared. The explosion is in progress. Falling down the ceiling. Windows was flown up. The researcher was sitting in a small office on his desk, which was rubbed with his head bandage. He opened the door behind him and jumped a foot in the air. "Sit down," he told his visitor, "for any other reason at any moment." It's unusually fun - and there is not a shot of any explosion. It is now unimaginable without volcanic eruptions, and perhaps a collapse of the building slowly at a slow pace. <br /> <br /> The last example, comprised of a series of fast, uninterrupted cuts, put together altogether. Guinness is being followed and those who want to sign the agreement are transferred to an office building lobby. Face with having two men involved with him, Guiness is backed up with a defined expression. He halts against a pedestal with an iron bust. Chasing Bust pieces and bumps against the wall. Hitting the wall has a shot of standing one-second in the bust. Another short shave of a metal shield hanging over the chest and hugging down. Guiness's head is growing fast in the cutting frame. While traveling around the camera, two people were stopped listening to the sound of banging and thudding terrible brass. Cut the flat guiness behind him. Today no one will show the colon to show the crown with that shield. <br /> <br /> I will not go with this. It's a beautiful bitter one comedy but just below all the hilarity. To solve a set of problems, Guiness has created dozens. He is opposed to both management and labor, which is shown to be of much benefit. And of course, the economic impact must be done more than clothes. "What about a car that drives water with something or something else?" One worker asked. Thirsty Veblen nods in her grave, "Vested interests," another worker comments. What is our problem with energy overnight is resolved? I owned the company of XX - and I think I - I like shudder at the thought. Where did the Old Industry need oil? In that case, where will the police forces and the FBI suddenly disappear? It is a thoughtful and very funny movie, nicely managed and edited. Actor Roster is endless. Joanne Greenwood with that lusty voice. Sealick Parker blurred. Anist Thesigerar was mesmerized at home. <br /> <br /> First rate work around.
