About Horror / Thriller film about a group of freedom fighters John Borman's four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, John Voitt, Ned Batty, and Rony Cox) of 1972, before the river collapses, runs a canoe trip down the Kahulwassesi River. Along the way, a ruff of unpleasant things (with no punishment) occurs with men. In spite of the ugly incidents in this film, the Borman beautifully captures the natural beauty of the river. The position is really well selected. Actually, it will still be a very nice film to watch, Canoe Trip has gone smoothly. The delightful forest and gentle landscape make only horrible horror. Not only the place is beautiful, but thanks to the beautiful shots thanks to the cinemagrador Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that starring Burt Reynolds as a foreigner, Louise, the starring role of this film But I think, John Voet stole the show with his deputy's family member, Ed's role, who was forced to make a terrible change to survive fast. Actually, the view that was raised on the mountain was not a stuntman. It was the voice itself. Cinematography was not done to spend and actors made their own stunt. Soundtrack is particularly notable. As part of the Dueling Banjos sequence, one of the most famous of the superstars for the intense intensity of its effectiveness in the history of guitar and banners, Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel's most scary pieces in the history of cinema. At other points in the movie, we are treated with more, soft, banjo songs, which provide very nice accompaniment to the river banks. For all the good aspects of this movie, I think its purpose is less. It does not make suspense very well and it's not really terrible since we were believed. The plot itself is somewhat poor and it really does not go anywhere. Nonetheless, there are good points to get my recommendation of this movie. I liked it, but it's not really much for Gore fans. Really no one, actually. It's an adventure film that is not an awesome film as an adventure film. Think like Rambo: First Blood meets three men in a boat. Search for a very young Charlie Boorman as Ed's son. I liked this movie, soundtrack, cinematography and acting it got 7 good grades out of 10.
