When a movie shines with your annoying, annoying atmosphere and holds you with its stunning film, you know that you've only been crushed to the best role of a movie. Although with most modern movies, some are extremely enjoyable, those who really shock you, they are the most powerful and most critically acclaimed and most of them are stuck with your life. I proudly say that I am a supporter of films which are not only horror movies, but also those who have sent a scary message to the stranger. Movies like Breakdown and Missing, which cools down your spine, make you think that "Holy Shit, It Can Cope With Me" and hidden you visually, there are some of my favorite aspects in a movie there. Because I was only 21 years old, I did not grow up with actors like Bart Randall's, John Voight and Ned Bouti, though I knew them, even though I did not play the actors and did not proceed as an actor, now the actor is like Shia Labouf and Justin Long I would say, after long cheating and for the first time interviewed for the first time, I was so acclaimed by these old actors of the film that was made for more than 30 years and still it becomes terrorists in the competition of modern films. Before creating a barrage, Bart Rendalls performed Luis as a self-appointed leader of a group of four friends in a canoe trip down a fantasy river. Reynolds' character is an experienced adventurer, no fool, and filled with machismo. As a witness he portrays a difficult man, as an actor, he forces me to think separately, because I saw him as just an intelligent old man or an angry politician. The dialogue that the director provided for his character gives him enough weakness to prove him as a strong and even a terrible leader. Ronnie Cox and Ned Beatty play as young adventurers, Drews and Bobs, joining the fun of a canoe trip. The actor that I totally enjoyed was John Voight, again I saw him as an old actor, but unlike Ronalds, I liked Viet's acting (and I do not think I'm saying when I say to Anaconda), for example national fame movies Voight, who plays Ed, who has the same experience as Lewis, is seen as a more protected character, a reluctant hero / leader and obviously lack of 'machismo' of Lewis. While trying to find someone to drive under the river while driving the camp under campus and some camps, there are four driving cars in a small town. With the character of Ronnie Cox, with a draw, like the infamous kids, who have played "Devening Banjo" at the beginning of the movie, you immediately thought of an obscure character from the Hilly Billy! And more so on two mountain men's movies serious and annoying rape scenes. As with all atmospheric films, the horror and confusion fill the character and audience at this time, and here we see the letter shape and the change. Follow the Canoe Trip skillfully with the shot and fight against the conflict between humans and nature for the survival of men from here. The film's cinematics do not object, and I have come back with the comment where Ed used to fight in a mountain of rape with a composite bow. As the Eid falls on his arrow and his enemy reaches him, his rifle shines, just like the arrow in his neck; I saw in one of the greatest pieces of film shooting. Deliverance is a film that carries the mood and atmosphere of this mood and atmosphere in the atmosphere, one of the best movies of cinematic history.
