It is one of the greatest films ever made. This is an all time classic. The picture played by Ned Batittir is sometimes the best of the described screen transitions. He is a shallow, almost vain, overweight insurance salesman. He is proud of his ignorance, and still "hinds retreat" to judge ignorance. When he congratulates his hat at an old age, and the elderly responds, "You do not know anything", the voice is set. It's true. He really "does not know anything". But after a Buddhist rape, the man is actually a warrior. Its shallow mesh is toned down in the brave critical solution. The old self is dead for ever, some far away from the wood, under the feet of a few hundred feet. And Lewis, what's our cruel guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he's just about nuts. In this film, in 1972, Bart Reynolds proved himself an actor and played this wonderful role perfectly. If we do not want a friend like Luis, our inexperienced travelers will go behind the world just like they are forgotten / in danger of being filled with danger. This movie talks with us many levels. The story seems real. It works as a complete action / adventure, wonderful cinematography, and deliberate crushing, crushing. It acts as a bit of a horror movie, often the spirituality of danger and atonement, which is their "seed" Ned Beatty object object. But it works as an art film using the incredible amount of symbolism to express the authenticity of our very original side. I saw this image at least fifty times, and every time it comes, I will see it. To understand even this you will see it several times. This is a deep movie. This is a well-played movie. And it's a hell of a story. I gave it 10 out of 10, and kept it in my 10 greatest films of all time, such as the Scandaler's list, Casablanca, taxi driver and sling-blad. You think that movie. The movie that carries you feel Movies that use a story to make their points without trying to promote you. If you think you know Deliverance, you can be again. It's really that good.
