The Liberation War is a stunning thriller, every bit thrilled to be a good thriller as well but a stomach-tragic horror. Although it's not a horror movie, it's awesome as a classic horror movie. A common red bloody man is thinking of enjoying an adventure of weekend miles from any type of civilization, the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population is caught and smoothed by just a few violent mountain dwellers. The exploitation was easy to get out of the area, but John Burman avoided the temptation to abandon such a route and created a movie that inquired about the meaning and challenges of manhood money. With so many movies, you have come to greet you in heaven that you can walk on hero shoes, perform heroic work and save the day and get the girl .... But with the liberation war you are praying to God that you have never experienced the experience of going through these four plays. <br /> <br /> Four people - Ed (John Voight), Luis (Bart Reynolds), Drew (Ronnie Cox) and Bobby (NED BT), agreed to spend a few days, can soon be searched for the river. The boys are running the rapids in pairs, and Ed and Bobby are formally getting far more than the others so that they reach the riverbed and wait in the nearby tree of their animals. Here, they twist between two local forests (Bill McInnni and Herbert Quad), who associate Ed, with a tree, when one of them Bobby points out to him, "Do not get lost like a pig". Lewis and Drew became invisible and Luis was killed as a fair arrow, killing rapists and returning to the swift in other mountainous areas. Under great emotional pressure, four canoeies decide to hide the event and exit the area. But as the river flows, the river is considered to be dangerous and it increases the risk of their lives when living mountains return to take their shots with some rugged stones on some side of rocky hillside. <Br /> <br /> The debut of liberation war is very strong, but more powerful (and annoying) macho attitude is being removed as research and left of the humiliated tatters. Although all performances are extraordinary, it must definitely take a special note of an actor Batti's efforts that became many actors. The film is comparatively similar to the 1971 film Strooge - both films deal with horrific sexual violence between isolated people, and both of them are not satisfied with hunting due to violent revenge freely. It is nice to see the retreat of the poor villagers of the delivery, but it raises four canoeists in such a setting that creates excitement where they keep on paving and the landscape, no one can depend on themselves. . It really made suspenseful film at its best.
