'Deliverance' is a group of modern men, a bright epic narrative, who begins a journey of a canoe travel to communicate briefly with nature, and instead of fighting for their sanity, their lives and perhaps their souls. The film has a good age. Despite being made in spite of the seventh, it certainly does not show a specific date. It still possesses a glue punch and symbolic position as a dramatic post of the philosopher-and-cultural shock vehicle of the seventies. There are very few movies with similar fantasies which can compare comparatively, although the legendary Sam Pacinpah's staff will have to be there. Yes, there has been considerable debate and discussion about the film's most faced scenes (which I will not extend here) - and undoubtedly one of the most-faced scenes in the entire history of the cinematic media - but this movie does not have any wonder how much achingly beautiful it is. It is usually ignored (still so fully aware). The cinematography that depicts the invisible, fragile river extinction is often stunning, and it makes the film unbalanced at a moment of short frenzy, we have entered into an unexpected nightmare with the characters as well as the characters. 'The description of the war of liberation is fairly humble and humble, and it is surprising how fast the facts of establishment of events, through crisis and later events are exposed. It all happens very quickly, which gives very real urgency ideas for the movie. The setting is effectively established through opening credit. Despite spending limited time spent in the characters, the characters are all well-painted. We know enough about them like them people like them, and eventually go to hell when fear for them. Conflicts and violence in the movie are not disappearing somewhere, due to the lack of reasonable fear. The author James Dickey's theme - any traditional romanticism, can only vomit and die in the nature of human nature 'love' only when its little suppressed animal instances come in front. There are no demons or bogeymen here. Violent mountainous luxury - central villains of the film - our heroes are horribly uncomfortable cousins ​​are simply weird They shock because their evil is small and real. There are no peripheral characters in the film. At the end of the 20th century urban homo sapiens reflects all about the weakness and uncertainty and all are very real and recognized. Boo Reynolds is the Ganges-Away in this movie and almost horrific, self-confident sovereign, Luis is amazing in this film and it is shameful that he could not recover the brief moment of dramatic glory at the rest of his life. And Down Carrier (probably 'Boogie Night') has been dropped. If you are not Reynolds fan then believe me, you'll be impressed by its performance here. John Voight has his naturally accomplished self, and both Ned Batty and Ronnie Coax have made significant contributions. This is simply a great quarter of the actors. It can be concluded that James Dicky, the author of 'Deliverance', should guess when and when in the 'White Sea'. Those who enjoyed this picture (?), A critically acclaimed story of the survival of America's pilot struggle after firing in Japan's mainland during TTWS WW2. It's Dickie's trademark which is more specifically for isolated existentialism and vicious savagery, but it has all the productions of a truly spectacular, poetic cinematic experience. A few years ago it was speculated that Coen brothers could create it, but nothing finally came. Being quo-oly-fail, it reminds me of how they got green light on TTWS, rather than their last few unexpected efforts. Returning to 'rescue', it is impossible to imagine a movie of such honest, unreasonable cruelty at this time, and it is quite embarrassing. We, John moving the movie, are all poor for this.
