This story will continue to be told and retold and imagined in every possible way. The story of Amar Charles Dicken is conceived in every possible way. I did not see the classic Alistair SIM version and I'm sure I'll do it anyway but if I touch even in this amazing eighty version it will be blown away. I believe that if Dickens himself makes his story for the film, it will be. <br /> <br /> The story is well known, I do not know much detail because everyone has seen each other. A wealthy, stingy, average, old man is visited by the spirit of his ex-partner and warns about his main ways. To straighten him, he visited three spirits, each showing a different perspective of his own life and those involved in past, present and future. Finally, seeing this in front of him, he misunderstood a great deal on his own way and tried to punish for all the mistakes made. <br /> <br /> Perfectly perfect for this role of George C. Scott. He played the role of Ebenezer Scruzz and created it and created an incredible character. He is not just an old man, but someone who has been affected in some situations in his life, which makes him bitter and angry in the world. He has mercy, but he holds it below everything else and is very confident. When Scott plays the full role of Scruggle, <br /> <br /> This major role does not only make this movie but it does everything else. This is an epic epic of Victorian England, Dickens England has been made before our very eyes, spectacular places and words and you can almost feel the smell of your face air and the market. Director Clive Dunnar brighterly revives this scene and releases the imagination. I can see this movie silently and shine with visibility. It's not every spectacular scenery but it's real. This movie takes us from the market of high-end business to the worst of the poorest of poverty and everything in it. <br /> <br /> The rest cast fits in their role and bring their literary opponents to life. Bob Crichit, played by David Warner and his entire family and especially the young Tiny Tim, played by Anthony Walter, is astonishing. Each of the ghosts had their own individual personality and this story was added to the dark mood. A Christmas carol is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story for the dark time of England's life and it is one of the few Christmas stories which is really dark, almost scary and it must be scary to frighten someone who has been bogged down for many years. The dark feeling in this picture is captured and undoubtedly horrific and ultimately, your spirits are removed and the miracle of Christmas. The score of this movie can be referred to as something significant that is epic and grand and beautiful, it fits together to listen to whether it is a real score or a Christmas music. Apparently the Christmas movie is my favorite because I strongly see this Christmas carol above everyone else. 10/10
