Excitingly crushing and surprisingly unpleasant 80's exploitation, yes! The pre-credit opening sequence gives a little false impression that we're dealing with a serious and frustrating drama, but you do not have to fear, because just ten minutes later we up until our neck, the nonnensical chainsaw war, rough fist fight, the lid dialog and the ineffective nudity! Bo and Ingrid two orphaned siblings with an unusual closure and even a little distorted relationship. Can you imagine that your sister needs to tear off the covered body of a naked body and she will be able to look at her heavenly zenith for several minutes? Well, Bo does this to her sister and judges her with a smile, she does not remember all that. Sick, buddy! However, like children, they escaped with their parents from Russia, but the nasty soldiers brutally killed Mummy and Dad. A friendly runner takes over them, and even raised Bo and Ingrid in the specialist runners and trained. After 20 years, when the actual plot closes, they face their ultimate quest, as the legendary and incredibly valuable white fire diamonds meet in a mine. Little things of life like the "White Fire" plot and story structure are rarely made, but it's a lot of fun to make sure. Most of the time you do not have any precision for who or for some reason (and understands even lesser actors) but whatever! Violence is superbly remarkable and every single conspiracy is jubilant and annoying. Suddenly goes full bonkers out of script repair ?? And I will not reveal any reason ?? In need of a change in boge ingestion and Fred Williamson entered the scene with a big cigar in his face and apparently black black fingers of all of the local prostitution. Bo's main opponent is an Italian chick with big nipples but a harmful accent, rare but interesting theme songs throughout the film play at least a dozen times, compulsory "we-fall-in-love" montage and other load compulsive attractions! My God, what a brilliant experience. The original French title translates itself to "Life to Beave", which is uniquely suited because it gives more knowledge to the rest of the film: no one!
