What can you say about the film White Fire? Amazing? Fantastic? Bothered extremely happy? This sound is not large enough to describe the events in which the White Fire. Starting from Wobbly, deep end to deep end, this movie will be entertained throughout the country. <br /> <br /> Our movie starts in a country of wood anywhere in the world. A family costume store uniform is hidden from unmarked soldier. When parents are separated from their mother and their child, you get a real idea about what kind of movie you are going to visit. The father is sure to cast the mountains in all his white clothes, and he draws people's attention before he shoots them, but like a very bad, unsafe, unsafe stunt, the father is burned alive. Meanwhile, mother and children are running behind a beach with an armed soldier behind their back about 5 feet. He is a wicked "HALT!" The action gives a strict warning before action, and then immediately damages the mother. This verb sequence sets our beloved boy and happy childhood ingrad. <br /> <br /> So now we go 20 years ahead (if you're honest about the age of the hero) in beautiful Turkey, where bo and ingred professional thieves, or diamond prospectors, or anything has been settled as. Ingred works in a diamond mine where he helps himself in the products, when Bo (skillfully played by Robert Ginti) goes around the desert in his Denim communities. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not think any other friend than each other, and they spend all their time together. Bo, who expressed her desire to sleep with her sister, as "you know my shame that you are my sister" as she is naked, she says to him, to tell him to create a very dynamic twin. Bow was bruised after killing Ingrid, because he surrounds Turkey's beaches with his official pink sorrow scarf. Renewal of hope When Boake finds a girl like Ingrid, and gives her plastic surgery to look at her appearance like an ingredient. Bo technically wrongly opens the door of his sister to his sister with no mistake. Bo is a real fond of moral gray areas and he is happy with his new love. <br /> <br /> However, it is impossible to follow many fun action scenes, ridiculous violence, extraordinary performances, plot lines. , Fred "Hammer" Williamson (for some reason), and a large part of dirty ice that is considered to be a giant diamond (which is later exploded). These things are great, but the relationship between Bo and Ingrid makes this movie special ... really special. So I sincerely encourage everyone to see the glory of the White Fire. You may be happy you do not ..
