He is fighting for the establishment of a committed and much needed pension to establish his loyalty with the government. Ripstein's lyricist works for all of them sweet medicine, who, like the colonel, is being abused by a cruel and harsh society that refuses to deny ways of living with the dignity and purpose of citizens. Contrary to the irrationality of waiting for Godhead, waiting for the arrival of the colonel's pension will give him the hope and significance of another tragic life. The two things in the movie govern the kernel, who played Fernando Luzon in the South; It is hoped that his military pension will come one day and his son Augustine died for a great cause, because there is a reason other than drunk fracas at a drunk cockfight. Unable to perceive the former, and is forced to prove in the next world, the colonel is his only job he can do, and his son is set to train war dogs. The dog is now a warrior who can bring luck and justice to the kernel and his asthma wife, but his war ring is the murder of his former master Augustine An exciting scene of clash between Colonel and Nogales, his son's murderer, Colonel's government agent Ngoless, made equal payments to the full pension of the colonel. However, this blood money; The power-holders fought for their political ideology and planned to conceal the secrets of the warrior Colonel's son who had been murdered, which was written by the union and the general public for an underground pamphlet recognized for labor rights. Most respected, the Colonel rejected Neoglays' offer, depicted his war dog and walked away as fertile as he could carry on old legs. Once she is at home, Donna Lola, wife of her accusation, wants to know why why the colonel refused to accept money when he was hungry? In response to his ongoing question, "What are we going to eat until November (when the start of the cocky season starts)", the colonel responds, "Sheet." The poor and the neutral people eat all their lives, and solitary is a meal that the colonel deliberately likes to eat with dignity, because he knows that he can not sell his soul to those who persecute him. Colonel is waiting for policy as the only man of worldwide honor and heroism.
