After coming out of the house with frequent heat and in the theater, I could not have been more delighted. The Road to Performance, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), will become one of the greatest movies of all time. Perhaps I'm just old; Probably I've seen repeatedly recycling the same theme again. But this film is actually different. <br /> <br /> This story reflects on the dilemma of her father's succession as he encounters the sea with young Michael Sullivan Jr. - one of the best men forever, one of the worst evils. This is the way to snake its way across dual movies. The story revolves around House Runi (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hans), the young man Rooney once came once and is now working as his personal "David of Death". Rooney ties his own son with blood, but Michael is tied with love and loyalty. Young Michael Jr., curious by the stories, he stole one night in his father's car, when the father went to "work" with Connor Rooney, heir to the family "succession" Conor lets out of the situation, and what turned out to be the only means of being a warning - by witness Michael Jr. In interviews that the young Michael did not see what he should see, the plot is set in motion as the conflicting fidelity clash. Soon, Michael Sir had runners up with his little boy, the murder of the contract killer was followed by "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not publish a detailed description to avoid any potential spoilers. However, I strongly encourage visitors to check out many of the dualities that appear in this film: Between the problems of home and world and the "work" in the world, between sons and parents (Michael Sir and Junior, John Rooney and son Connor) And among the evil, those who are God's people and those who, in reality, mean "clean" and "dirty", between perdition cities and hell In pose among those who pose in hellfire. And as well, the artist Conrad L. Enjoy the visual illumination of Hall (9 nominations, 2 Oscars for the best cinematography): Rain showering the Federoras, shots through the mirrors (especially in the pendulum gates), coming out of Tommy-gun shadows, missing words. The 75-year old hall probably did not offer the best cinematic product of our career, but 77-year-old Paul Newman has ever offered his best performance. <br /> <br /> Yes ... I'm old. But I saw a lot of things ... and it's fresh and invigorating. The Road to Pondition is generally seen in dark, American and dark comic books hidden in darkness by villains and heroes, in 40 films, long-lasting and loving reverence for gangster genre. See it!
