I think Sam Mendes's first film is, there was a movie with many Herald American beauty styles, wait until the unpredictable 30 gangster Maloderma Road remittances, until you are waiting for his high-expected second attempt. Some critics have praised this new film as a worthy successor to The Gaffer, a verdict passed by some critics of Mr Mendes's remarkable technical expertise. In the context of cinematography, editing, music scoring and sound, the filmmaking mechanisms make a great image but yes, road to the scenario is a remote cousin of God. There is no resonance in it that all the great stories and some very rare movies stay with the audience for a long time after reading or viewing it. Like American Beauty, this movie has a cold, distant feeling, though despite some intense scenes involving parental love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> <br /> The story of this hitman (Tom Hendes) and his relationship is the father of Sarojaj - his master who was an elderly Irish public leader (Paul Newman), who had been imagining many gangsters for many years. There is not much room for spontaneity that hangs over this photo so parents / boy motifs so extreme; The whole enterprise is very carefully prepared, and almost all the conversations are being distributed with great portent winds: it is definitely a gangster film, hence necessary violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost rare to talk about any comedians; Only in a scene involving a young man playing a kitten with a young boy, there is no sense of light heart that only catches a wide range of disasters. <br /> <br /> It is nothing more than the highest compliment to me, the stunning look of this picture; In fact, it is never seen that one of the most beautiful photography and design movies ever seen. Veteran Cameraman Conrad is likely to win another Oscar for his work. Production sets and costumes are just for example; In fact, the whole picture is a technical wonder. Mr. Mendes was astounded to see his courage in his astronomical colors, and he and Mr. Hall again used very red-blooded red blood against pale-colored walls, which are more effective and annoying due to the initiality of black, blues and gear. Dominate the movie's color schemes. <br /> <br /> If I fail to act properly, the actors do not neglect themselves. Each of the top genres of the film, special mention goes to the bad guys of two miscreants: Daniel Craig Classic "The weak, passionate son of the New York gangster pad", which you love to hate And going in search of Heince and his son, especially as thin harmful, is very importantly portrayed in almost unrecognized Jude Law and at the second end of the film. But in order to act in this movie, the film is bound to return to photographic fireworks. If Rolls-Royce was a movie, I have no doubt that it would be like PERIITION from the road.
