This 1984 edition of Chris Carroll's classic "Dickens" directed by Clive Donner, George C. Scott was identified as Abeniser Scruzz. Until this time, the challenge for the filmmaker was to take that familiar ingredient and it was considered new and new; And, gladly not saying, Donner did not fulfill the Challenge with this picture, but for anyone who has exceeded any expectations. She tells the story with detail in detail and an eye, and extracts performance from her actor, which is especially less than Scott. Someone might argue that Scrzy's precise illustration - one of the greatest characters of literary fiction, was created by Alastar Sim in 1951; But I think with his performance here, Scott has now gained that distinction. There is a purity and honesty in Scrooge that it has become difficult for another to consider playing a role once Scott saw; Simply, he is screwed. And a tribute to such a gifted actor; Being able to take such a well-known personality and it is so unique that its own is quite miraculous. An actor is really happy to see his business so well that he has been able to make a character a reality that speaks to the face of his face from every mouth and that makes it all true to the truth. It is a study of perfection. <br /> <br /> The other members thrown are fantastic, but again Scott's performance will be to maintain integrity; And they do. Frank Finlay Hack Of Jacob Marley; A notable turn, although not memorable, probably, in the film of Alex Ginnes (like Marilyn), 'Scrooge.' Angela Pleasence is a welcoming aspect as Christmas's spirit; Edward Woodward, grand and fertile, and fully convinced of the nature of Christmas present; And Michael Carter, still intense and appealing as the Christmas spirit. <br /> <br /> David Warner has hit the exact mark with his Bob Cratchit, which brings sincerity to the standard of matchmaking. Scott Scott's standard set, and Susanah York York as well as Mrs. Crichit. The real gem can be found here, however, the performance of young Anthony Walters as a small team; This is never becoming addictive, and one of the best explanations - and the most real - ever presented in the film. <br /> <br /> The excellent supporter cast includes Roger Race (Fred Hallwell and Narrator), Carolyn Langrise (Jeanette Houstonwell), Lucy Gutteries (Bell), Michael Gough (Mr. Powell) and Joan Halleley (fan). A flawed presentation, this version of 'Christmas Carol' sets the standard that all others should count; It does not matter how many versions you've seen, before it can be seen, it's the first time to see it. And forever, whenever you think of screws, the image of your mind will be awakened, which is in the image of George C. Scott's will be In a thoroughly entertaining and satisfying experience, this movie claims a place in the annual schedule of every holiday home festival. I rate this 10/10 10/10
