Wow ... I mean, this good story has got the opportunity to read to me. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, go to the train on banned cursed springs and both of them fall into the spring while ignoring their warnings. Dad, Ginna, Sinking Panda Spring And 16-year-old Rammas, the spring of the fig fig. Now with every splash of cold water they return to the title of the spring that they are sitting on. Crazy enough? No, that's just the beginning. Since the most powerful teenagers were not enough to become a woman, Rama had to deal with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of insane art styles, insane high school policy, the rights of opponents and those who were left. If you can sit with the runner or in some way or start "stealing" their loved ones. And while talking to loved ones, I have lost a boy or a girl how many times I am falling in love with Ramna. And one day his mother tongue, Akane. And it's from the first few sections / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story is amazing. I've never been so crazy, so weird ... so ... I've been so far out of this world and so low in the world and trustworthy ... I can not even describe his full story. It's so easy to get into just a charming story What I like about it is humor. Once I did not laugh so loudly from the manga, it would not have to catch any stunt of the simpson or sort. I can read any part of the comic and I can laugh from start to finish. The other thing is the characters. Rama, you can think that he will make him very strong but will not go back ... The story has thrown him out of every little problem, he is trying his best to survive for half the time and his personality looks like a stupid young boy, but the worst He may be a mathematical genius when bad comes. And reflecting hundreds of sounds, Rama, who hates the distorted ideas, is considered by everyone in their city, so the worst distortion is to live forever. His father Zenma, do you think the father will mix the character on the right side of the background? Right! But whenever she has some spotlight ... she gives him more reasons to hate him with the same hatred! Do you think that anime knows the worst parents? You do not meet Genma. Raiga is probably Ranma's most competitor and my favorite character (beside Ranma) ... and perhaps she's probably standing among the only people. The most powerful character in the series is probably two errors, a curse that makes him a baby pig but his worst fault ... his lack of sense! Then we have ... you know, I could spend hours on computers, explain all the letters, stories, things about everything, but that would only be in vain. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> No, now! You will not regret it! Although I would suggest a comic check out first. I like anime, but there is a problem getting the series at a good price. And do not seem to translate a small nitpick, humor anim and manga. I think partly because comics seem to me more cartoon. But in both ways, it is a win win! 10 out of 10!
