Confession, I took the first twelve rounds of Rannah 1/2. I was in the library and strictly searching for something good to read. Then, I went to the comic / manga section and saw this book. I had to read through chapters in my first few chapters, I did not know what was happening, but I knew that I liked it. I even took it home to read something more. Really, I'm not going anywhere. And then, about five months (I now 16 years ago) my friend was watching some animated series and I thought about this Monga. I could not remember what I said, but I remembered the writer Rumiko Takahashi, who was the creator of Inu Yasar. I googled it, and then 161 decided to see all of the episodes a rash. Initially, I ran a little bit by the graphics in 1990, but in the end it really did not matter. No anime has ever smiled me so much and rained, watch it again. Once, I saw 45 series episodes in one day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. Finally, almost two days later, I became obsessed. I even dreamed - the word is crazy - so look at Rumma. I found a series so enjoyable, so funny, and so impressive to see. On this day, 161 episodes are not enough to please me. Of course, the end of the clifenzer was enough for me to go to the woodcutters, but the series alone was enough to continue reading me. <br /> <br /> A son named Rama 1/2, Ranma Satom and her father Janma Satom. Martial artist intent They are so intense, that they become 'cursed' by going on the path of ancient Chinese training. The soils were full of water from various fountains, and if you drink land in one place, but if you are drowned in cold water, then the size of which will sink. For Genema, it was a panda, and Rama was that a ... girl! This is a very clever fun loving story. On this, Genma tells her friend that Randem will marry her daughter to survive her tennis balloon. 'He hates the pace and feelings of the person that matches him. Obviously they started to like each other, but both of them were forced to accept it. But .. Genma has a history in this. He promised many girls Rammah. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth watching It's ridiculous, almost all of the heartwarming and amazing.
