Despite moving far away from my expectations, I was completely influenced by dog ​​bite dogs. I did not know much about it, but I certainly expected it as a martial arts / action film in the Hong Kong action genre, in which I am a fan fan. I ended up getting something completely different, which is not all a bad thing. The film can be classified as such and in the film scene there are definitely some good steps and hands, this is not the primary focus. His characters are infinitely more important for movies than his fights, a great thing in many Hong Kong action movies. <br /> <br /> I am really surprised by the complexity of character and character in the film. The lead character, directed by Edison Chain (who is really good), seems to be infinitely complex from the end of the film, I think he will look after the first thirty minutes. Police letters also defied my expectations thoroughly. Indeed, the strong and honest portrayal of the dark side of the police force was rarely seen as my favorite aspect of the film was quite possible. I do not know that dog bite dogs are completely bad criminals, good policemen, but it certainly distorts them in ways that are not shown in the film (unfortunately). I find many movies, especially the Hong Kong action films, which really portrays the police in a very senseless ideal light. This is one of my least favorite things about this section. Dog dogs were actually very unusual and were really brave, had the idea about the presence of the police force. There is a discussion scene in this movie which I have never liked before and I suspect that I will be able to see again, and sure that I will remember for a while. Also, criminal characters have also been shown from an interesting perspective, Cambodian boys films have no footage of more than ten films that can fight with each other with their bare hands, which I think the film's most powerful and moving moments Instead of just condemning them, they say a lot about the reasons for such people. Also, the relation between Chen's character and the girl she met in the junk yard reveals much about her character. Until this material entered the film, I actually started seeing the film as a fun rather than a finger. There is something about most screen relationships that I do not get completely, but for some reason it really happens. The actress did incredible work on this role which I was not easy to imagine. <br /> <br /> Dog bite dog has really highlighted some exciting cinematography, though unfortunately it is impossible. In some moments I was really interesting, especially in the last part of the film, but the camera work was also good, which was just right. Another little problem I was pacing, which I felt was disrespectful. I found many detachment scenes in the "Looking for Bit" scene, although it quickly came after it. The action scenes are small and not very large, but especially since the end it's really strong and effective. Although the war chronology is not fair for fairly rough parts, although it is strong and fairly realistic, but mental strength is behind the real power war. The final scene, martial artists or war dances is not surprising, but one of the most powerful final fights I've ever seen, and I've seen several martial arts films. <br /> <br /> I think if the dog's dog gets out of dogs much more, then the biggest determining factor is whether you can connect with letters. They must have seen one of the most flawed films, but there was something in them that I could not help but particularly feel for them, especially for them. Chen's girlfriend I would like to say that most people suspect me as much as I like the film, because I imagine that most people will not like or take care of the characters in the same way, but I still recommend it all. It's really a deep moving and dominant film to give you a chance to do it.
