I'll be straightforward - I've seen quite a solid film as a DG site DG. I'm a big fan of "old school" in the middle of the mid-80s and I have heard that these "style" movies are coming back with such films and Harman Yue's Gong TEU (which I have not seen this writing yet ...), so I These new waves were interested in giving a shot of CATIII movies. Does this film live up to my expectations? Absolutely - but what I've imagined is not fair. <br /> <br /> This story follows a young, animalistic, enthusiastic and practically unusable Thai Hit-Man which "mission" with a somewhat vague history in Hong Kong. For some unfortunately, he is quickly identified by a roguish copy (who exudes a lot of the same qualities as our hit man), and is quickly arrested and caught. This condition does not continue for a long time, even though the obscure killer escapes from his detainees and quickly shows the local police that he will not be taken lightly. A cat and mouse game ensues between the victim and the police and "crazy dogs" (such as the police call him). Alongside the road, the mat dog accidentally slowly and slowly slows slowly slowly and slowly, and bonds between the two when he exits him from the glamorous situation, Mad Cook is the only dog The purpose is that there is no way to get out of Hong Kong and return to Thailand and the police return to live <br /> <br /> I'm going to continue to try to have this complex ... thoroughly layered write ten articles about the film, but I do not want to give too much away. I did not know anything about DG Site Doug Premiere and I think it is a film that is clearly appreciated in that way. Comparing the old style CATIII film ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some violent moments that make "good ol" days memorable, but not as old-school classics like old school classics, and like load-to-kill it is quite lazy or scary. The main objectives of the old CATIII films were "Shock" - DG BIG DIGT is a lot of thought-based and well-rounded production (although they are not going away from CATIII movies which are very dear to me.) This film is much more "emotional" than the exploiters, and we begin to learn more about the characters and their background, to tune the audience and identify with both sides. Mad dogs show extreme compassion moments and the police are really "good" and "bad" guys do not really have to lean towards an illogical approach in trying to muscle the killer. There is no nudity / gender in this movie, which is a common feature of old CATIII movies. Personally, I'm more than DRG site DG. Let's compare the park's park. Vengeance or possibly Pang Bhai's bankkink is dangerous, because these two films have mixed with strong and unnecessary steps and extreme emotional vaults with violence. Again - there is not much that I do not like about this picture. Acting is dead, cinematography is sharp and well-done, and the whole film successfully efficiently mixes several elements that are not often seen. This movie (and others like it ...) is not "regenerated" of the CATIII movie - but it's a very strong film that is absolutely worth checking ... 9/10
