People familiar with Asian movies are conscious, Japan famous, or infamous, for its violent movies, and Korea is now earning a reputation for nasty movies. Dog bite dogs, though not as violent and violent as Mickey's film, and it is not as unimportant as some ambitious efforts of Korea, it is a perfect fit with its own atrocity's own brand. Although the maximum strength of this movie is similar to Japanese and Korean efforts, instead of being cut off from the movie, cruelty actually develops characters, unless the story progresses. Incredibly mischievous person with two main characters both for their own motivation and emotional underpinning for being such as. For example, Sam Lee's character is very early and slowly and definitely on the verge, among the challenges of Chang's character, it has been revealed why he was released. It does not hide this part of the story much, in which it involves the morally divided nature of his father. On the other hand, Chang's character has its most basic instinct, if not perfection, cruel efficiency. Surprisingly, the arch of Chang's stories, when not revealing more human aspects, actually our animals reveal a side in nature, many forget that the natural ability to recognize any broken animal (and not I am not speaking of Sam Lee) Pei Pei's junk dump girl character). Finally, for the first 80 minutes or more, it is less or less, straight cat and mouse, or dog cheeses, movies where each face to face at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chan square closed, someone died ) And the funny part of the movie is that you never know who will do this work. Which brings a weakness in our film. Unforunatley has to be entered into another satirical, but it is easy to do, since it has been convicted of pushing one of the main points of the film, then blaming it for the 80 minute film in the film, the film goes for another 20 minutes or more. emphasize. If you move from the 80 minute mark to the final stage and do not fill the music with the wrong character, do not make me wrong (in fact, if it is like most movies, then the music should be the least and annoying sound effect on them), it still can not work in the film. And can work. Although it was the most deadly and bloody of the third-party conflict, it was conducted as it operated, and insulted the viewer's intelligence, since it felt that it had to go so far to overcome it. Despite this, it is still a breath of fresh air from the Hong Kong film, since the most bloody characters of martial arts do not reach the level of character of character at the level of evil and atrocity while keeping them in line with the characters.
