How nice. If you think that a movie does not tire you do not see a dog. This image makes up to fifty pieces, and it does not shy away from showing very annoying images. Lots like Salora, this one man's dehumanization of the soul shows. It is radioactive, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it is also one of the best films out of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is very similar, but it should not be thought incredibly clichéd. It's basically a cat and mouse game about a dangerous and passionate detective of a professional and passionate hit-man. Although the script does not provide anything new on the surface, it makes a lot of questions about the dark side of humanity. What really needs violence? When we abuse a 5-year-old child, do we become less people without regret? Instead, we do not do less work than dogs when people are blinded by anger, it is a sad reality. This is a subject in which the director searches brightly, without limiting himself. In addition to pursuing cats and mice, the script also develops two separate story lines for the main characters. One is about love, and the other is about release. Although the script is not new, it is still astonishingly written and it always keeps you on the seat. <br /> <br /> acting is really true. Addison Chan as Hit-Man is incredible; She proves she is not a pretty face. He is cruel, stupid and desired to overcome. Sam Lee as shy police is also outstanding. Supporting cast, short, nice Music worth notable. Ben Chung's very intelligent score, with some of the most effective light-hearted songs in the film's important dark moments. Yuan Man's cinematography is really good. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII film is highly recommended. Very well paced, incredibly played, surprisingly scores and it's really good at the end of all. However, it has been specified as a lot, it is not a movie for everyone. You should stay away from this one if you dislike strong violence. If you do not want to see heavy negativity in the film, it's not for you either. Finally, a powerhouse film, 8/10.
