It's amazing and commendable that the author and director were making great films in one of the oldest and most used story lines in the movie! "Dog bite dogs" are not much more than just a single copper genre chasing a brilliant criminal, only Pau-Soi Cheyang gives his film a break in chaos and uninterrupted rest. It is undoubtedly one of the weird and incompatible films I've ever seen, the atmosphere and character of the constant Nihilism that comes straight out of the hell! Quantum of retaliation of Chan-Uk Park (except for "Oldbie") or any infamous third-third film was released, even sadly as cruel as some of the events shown in "dogs of dogs" were cruel. . Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian killer who occupy land to eliminate the wife of a prominent Judge of a restaurant in Hong Kong's busy street. When the police came to this place, the young officer Y saw how Pang escaped from the crime scene and followed him. The first real clash between the two crawling dogs has bloody blood baths, because Pang kills a few prisoners brutally and even killed Yeh Long's friend and colleague for a long time. Then from the frustrating police and the killing, an exciting and action-packed cat and mouse game started. Later, he saved a young girl from her father's permanent sexual assault and was with her at the local garbage dump. What makes this routine action thriller so fascinating (without explicit violence) is the main character 'background! Pang, Hit-Man, a Cambodian orphan and he was trained to fight and kill the child from the child. He knows no restrictions, has no mercy and just speaks a word. Y, the police became especially ruthless and overwhelming, his role model father (also a policeman) is in coma after the drug-related events. Lie does not question suspects and witnesses; She called on them and she prepared to sacrifice everything to stop her brand new kindness. It is advisable to stay away from a poor stomach or holes in the nervous system, because the "dog bite dogs" consist of cruelty and shocks can easily vomit. This is not the kind of violence where the bloody head and the cutting off the kingdom fly through the air, but people, both intensely and completely annoying, try to crush their opponents mentally and physically. The location of the filming makes the bold and eerie and extremely quiet music movie even more harrowing tone more petrifying. Performance is awesome! Do not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee behave like each other's enemies in movies, because hate and hatred seem to be more legitimate in their screen. "Dog bite dogs" is a powerful and unforgettable film, highly recommended if you can stomach it. If you fear that you can not do it, then wait for the inevitable American rimak for a few years which will reduce the certainty a bit.
