Most reviews say Hamilton's short films are the most vulnerable aspects of the career. This movie is different from the other, and it depends on what you expect from the best or worst movie to consider and what Hamilton hopes for. <br /> <br /> Remembering Hamilton as a photographer, you can be a little surprised. With the power of a movement like its books, it seems that these young women discover themselves and are related to each other at the end of the lesbians, with a conspiracy connecting this scene, Laura has concentrated on several letters that enable them to develop relationships between them (male female artists -Model) But we see beautiful pictures, most of them are better than their average, for the plot The number of times decreases. Tender quotes are different from both, it's only Hamilton's film that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photos. Since it may be acceptable to a larger audience than Hamilton fans, it is a erotic comedy (but German soft-core type - "Schulmädchen report" fans will be very disappointed). You do not laugh a lot, but you can laugh (and this is something that you do not often get from Hamilton). In contrast to all other Hamilton films, female age changes. The main character of the other movies is a boy. This place is not kept outside and outside of its normal activities. We have a character that lives in them, they have luck and do not direct from one photo to another, from another nude girl to the other. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) is lost with a script in his hands. In this area, she could shoot minutes and hours, and whatever she would always think of the artist's eyes and back hand - blankets, under the shower, room in low light, garden, tent, front of mirror, regardless of cloth girls. But when he was presenting our daily average life, he was Hamilton and the average director who only followed this script. Hamilton is best known for his nights, but they are just a part of his work. And in the tender counsels we have the opposite situation: her girls are not on the best shots. Nature, garden, house reminds us of Hamilton's work (often his neglected part), although there is nothing special about girls, even when naked does not give us gifts. Perhaps the boy confused Hamilton in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking about a line of censorship, maybe he tried something new (and no one dared to tell him), but he ignored what he is most appreciated for.
