I like the artistic photographs of nude women in David Hamilton's femininity, sometimes sex workers, though not always obscene. Others liked them very much because my David Hamilton book was stolen. In one book, a young boy, definitely naked, a young girl more than that, some pictures with nude are seen. Although there was isolated, strong sexual meaning. New areas for David Hamilton have been proven from Tandez Kozin's film or perhaps set film. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the photography industry does not translate into cinematography automatically. Soft focus gets out and the isolated angle becomes confusing, probably at a speed, because it can not be considered. You can not see or miss it and there is no time to realize. The film is supposed to be a French, and interesting things happen, but it can not "hang together", perhaps the story evolves so slowly and anyone can think of what is happening. Eventually, 14-year-old Julian has sex with his cousin, but it is a soft core, no sexual contact between cameras. Since this is a misfortune, we are frustrating to find a viral and frenzied guile and find them, Julian's father even gave him a cigarette to complete the experience. Perfectly, this film matches French and French cinematic forms, which can easily help Palestinians with English subtitles for most Americans. It is suggested that this film is child pornography and certainly results from today's climate where children's sexual exploitation is clearly a serious problem. Some of their right minds do not agree or show favor to support the sexual exploitation of children, so children can not be seen even in sexual acts even in the slightest lover context without access to sexual violence and exploitation. The boys will think "Lucky Julian!" They even agree that movies and movies are "bad things" in movies, though they still want to be Julian at that age. Women can think the same way, but all such thoughts must be pushed from the conscious mind. Violent, worst assumptions have become automated and children and sexual issues are being strictly avoided. Too bad, sexual awakening is a real human experience. From all, children grow up and become sex people as Julian. This is an appropriate literature subject, included in the movie, but is prohibited under threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton thinks, even in 1980, there was a risk of making a movie about this issue. He was a little successful in exploring this sensitive issue, and, unfortunately, we could see it in a better way in the future to see possible child pornography labels.
