The only reason I give it 9 is that the other acting actors were not above the job of torture actors. I think they were just children, who were able to be the right age and easy, but they were not well trained and their scenes were a little annoying. <br /> <br /> I do not want to judge it by the US standards because it hugs easily with ambiguity and Japanese culture, and those who do not look at black-hat / white-hat moral restrictions are completely full. 'The film is regularly controlled. For example, there is a valuable fun moment when a small band of tadasir yokai mates drop themselves and is abandoned by other yokai and Shōjo-anuncula kirin herald - what many Japanese adults did. Hint: It does not happen on a Disney film. This image is the best product for beer that you can ever see in children's movies. <br /> <br /> At the beginning, in a moment, a school teacher smacks his head with his presence book. A few years before the film was released, there was a TV commercial in Japan. It was a stop-motion soil animation about frustrating and playing guitar and singing the blues in his house. His mother shouted from the bottom and quietly shouted to him. Then someone gives him a candy bar and he enjoys and sings happy songs, but his mother comes and tells him to keep quiet again and gives him a rope on his forehead. I mentioned this commercial because it seemed funny and I did not hear any objection while I was there. There's a lot of bloodshed and physical cruelty in Disney Movie "The Great Yoke War" screen. As a guardian, if it was a US movie, I would do such things with surgery, even though the moral lessons at the end of the film are not necessary, which are definitely black and not white. Since it is a Japanese film, I acknowledge that the cultural rules allow for images that do not exceed copyright standards and practices in the United States production. However, I would be a bit uncomfortable to see them with some pre-show briefing and / or post-show violence and other off-staff defaults to show them to young kids, or I'll wait until they are older to show it to them.
