Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy couple in history, and so deserve, so I'm happy to see any of their films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is nearing its reproduction formula, after the age of 20 years, after age 20. Oli and Stan sweeps that chimney to their work, and want to get away from mistakes making Ollie Stan very quickly. Oli goes to the roof to help on the other side of the brush in the upper part of Chile, but Stan keeps her in the living room. After an extension breaks, Stan gets replaced, a load from a gun wall, and of course it will close the brush. Stann got up, and Oli, a rooftop attack, standing in the door, in the greenhouse. Stan asks whether he got hurt, and Oli only answered with the answer "I have nothing to say." Ollie gets back to the roof, and he ends up in a tug of Stan and pulls up the squabble until the end of Ollie's fall and the destruction of the chimney. Oily, inefficient, volcanic eruption hits the head of many bricks and Batler Jasup (Sam Adams) is covered in chimneys smoke and Olly does not have to say anything to Stan yet. The boys decide to clean up the mess, and when the carpet tears with Stan Shell, Olie asks "you can not fix anything", and Stan responds "I have nothing to say" slowly and slowly, slowly and slowly Slowly slowly slowly and slowly began to laugh slowly. Professor Noodle completed his formula, and made a final test on a duck, dropping the water tank, changing it to a ducking. He also showed his success to the boys, made sinking eggs and later he proposed to use the human subject, such as his Butler. When he left, the boys decided to examine the formula for themselves, but Oli finally hit the water tank with all the sources by stan. Finally, once Oli comes out, a leopard, and when Stan speaks to him, all the olyapps say, "I have nothing to say" and Stan Wimper Wonderful slopstick and full of all the classic comedy that you want from a black and white film, it's an enjoyable movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were among the number of comicians' comedians. very good!
