It's an unusual personality with an extraordinary personality and hardy comedy: sometimes it seems like two films made in different styles, separated by different styles. Happily, each part is fun in its own right, and the boys carry an exceptionally intense clowning day and synthesize the outstanding elements of the film into a whole part of the entertainment. Although I have never heard of a fan-related diary work as a favorite loril and hardy comedy, everyone still thinks that everyone likes it. <br /> <br /> Our story has been set in the house of Professor Noodle, which represents a key element in the storyline: A wildlife overview of Mad Scientist's over-the-top parody. It marks a rare initiative in the field of science and science for L and H; Abbott and Costello and the Three Stogues are often more disturbed with mad doctors than Stan and Olea. In any case, the professor is obsessed with the creation of a resumed SIM which can make the person smaller, although his satirical Butler, Jaspal, expresses the viewers' suspicions with the rolled eyes and sometimes dry crypt. Meanwhile, Stann and Olly Chimney Sweep, who at the professor's house saw him, he has damaged his solution. The "their" part of the film has a characteristic (but first-rate) skeptic involving chimneys, roofs, shells, and several unfortunate accidents. If you look at these people without seeing any work, you probably will not like the dart work, but for the team fans, this movie is a festival. Highlight comes when Olly occupies land in the fireplace, and then pumeled with brick which falls on its head, which comes with a radical precision after one. I like the olyll shot that the roof has entered the Green House; The process worked so slapdash I suspect it was something of an internal joke, the way W.C. Field movies will show the world's worst rear-projection screens. Slapstick stuff is quite fun, but it is a crazy scientist motif that closes this film and a supporter player has a tip cap: Capricorn character Lucien Littlefield is terrible as Professor, he is happy with Hamy Grill and cakes With its overproof lines, Sam Adams is a cella in the less homogeneous role of Butler . Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were great as their heads, their supporting cast at Hall Roach Studios greatly encouraged their films. Too much, generally, Le Roy shield had background music, but the darts work marked a rare event from this rare event, which is not compatible with any of the musician's music for the first time. Mood music may improve the proceedings, but no matter; It has made a very enjoyable comedy and Lorel and Hardy in their ways so popular in their day, which is a prime example.
