What a wonderful, wonderful, sometimes little and heavy, big budget imagination is this. Takashi Miki was already proved that she came to The Great Yokei War, so that she could float in other films by the crime / Yakuza style (visitor questions and Andromeda showed that the former director-general was less then later). But here Michael is not his first and only co-author's credit card, proving that he can supply products in post-modern soup with modern fictional imagery, and with it CGI, animal-effects and make-up, and an epic war that rings out the Lord More like a "festival" than anything else. It can be compared to a lot, to be sure, and to be the most obvious, Miazaki will be, for the most unique mix of kids-big-heroes, power-hungry sorcerers are the main source of search for the energy of the world, the machine is the worst evil, and many bizarrely defined , Wildly designed animals (or heading yokai). But it can be compared to Star Warsy, especially in TPM's Gongan War, and with the same power, good power and game-play in power. Or an anime like Samui 7. Or of course, in Henson's film. And through all these comparisons and even through errors or excessive reach moments, it is all about Mia with the effect and character sensitivity. <br /> <br /> Here, Raunusuke Kamiki Tadashi, prototype child, who started to be flexible and sensitive to the world's stuff, playing it, but becoming a hero in the world of darkness. Darkness is an evil sorcerer, which gets its strength from all the distractions and harmful fibers in the human world, and those souls and other creatures, Yokhai, who transmits among them, begins to die in a fire of giant robots which are only a mission- something on their way To destroy and kill. Saadoka's main tiny soldier and classmate, Agi (Chiaky Kurimama of Bill Bill, another great villainy) once managed to fight Santos with Santos for stealing Goldakosuri, a little fog of Sadaokaori and fighting with Zadok. Soon, things come to a head, in a measure that thinks other imaginative movies and stories, but only Mikey and his crew can have only one point. I would probably recommend The Great Yokai War for kids, but for the forward note it is not something fantastic in the American circles. Among these there are numerous umbrella stand, and there are many animals including walking, talking wall, a turtle, a snake serpent, and a woman who has been cursed by Sato. So the height of the variation is very high at this end, and almost everyone can feel like animals and effects - which, when reaching hundreds of miles with Yokai, "hits the festival", increases in inappropriate heights. But in both light and darkness there are fantastic ideas, and Sunecosauri has probably become the greatest psychological tool in Michael's disposal (and not only its tastes). The audience can be reached somewhere than the little furious balls, who end up in a tragic battle with the Tadshir in the form of robots? <br /> <br /> Through all of this, there are feelings of anarchy found in the brightest places of Michael's car, which is different from its animated, muppate and science-fiber opponents. As usual, there are wonderful humor, a song dedicated to Akki beans at a crucial moment in the final episode and more than a few fancy festivals with animals and war scenes (I like it, for example, it is small, or anxiety turtle-Yokai, for the big blue head! ). With Mike's larger special effects and access to the computer wizard, the biggest danger that flirts with it is ultimately too much. He's got everything down, I'm sure with the storyboard, and he has made some memorable impressions with some compositions (one of them is called and done, and the Tadashi and 'other' human characters are in the middle of Tokyo, the ruins in an overhead shot), but CGI is sometimes a little uncomfortable with robots, and being flamboyant to interplay skating, and some visual, like the Yokai's overlay Large festivals to spread the word about the error, and Pat are just weak. I am almost surprised that Mike may enter bad spider children's territories. <br /> <br /> In addition to these obligations, the Great Yokai War provides more than one tension, Gupta Thrills and innocent Melodyram. The best childhood imagination came with a lot. It's cinema, as well as lots of traditional Japanese locals, but the screw is always turning its most ridiculous and scary confusing bits too. This is not his best film producer, but he has benefited from his work as a result of working in commercial medium. It's a delicious little message, and got plenty of cool courage. 7.5 / 10
