Many people tag these movies as "children's films" and it is definitely, though it is made for adults. Takashi Mike is like a springboard in the Great Yokai War Wilderness, especially using the imagined style of children, using imagination. <br /> <br /> Setup is a boy selected to choose the simplest "boy". This year's annual festival, much more real than she might have imagined to discover its role only. What follows is a horror, diverse, scary, and often fun journey through Japanese locals, but wait a bad villain to lose the one who wants to destroy the world. However, villain here is not a mere monster, but the demon-spirit of preventing the narrowing of those "things" and "withdrawal" ones involved. Using a chamber made of pure fluid disgust / disgust, the villain transforms vibrant colored yoke sprays into 10 feet long unstable robots, which are similar to burning coals of arms and eyes for chains (those who were playing video games, Sony Headgog, can remember a certain Dr. Robotics intelligent And with the ugliness done the same method, to whom Sonia The movie was "released". <br /> <br /> The protagonist of this film is actually the least funny character, which is basically playing the straight man, a world has suddenly gone crazy, even though he is going through ordinary heroes, he is more than a comedy. Do not check, as most Yokeya themselves, who feel genuine protective against killing robots, touch some souls, eyes Be sure to count the bee, which is the purpose of life, or the life of the living beings, whose life is an umbrella. Certainly in Michael's Yokai wars, some believe in the magical world, when they also take a magical power. <br /> <br /> This image is intended to be the norm in children's imagination Destroy, some of the letters, if any, are heroic, their victory is the combination of disappointment, almost arbitrary faith, and the desire to party. Yokai spirits, blocking the blockade and blockade of villains together, they attack the earth for a great Yokai festival, the last mistake of the earth, even then only dance and party. Also, the film does not end with all the celebration of the best celebration, but it ends with a final scene, with our adolescence age, our hero's age is old, now its young man is unable to see the Yokai spirits, who become frustrated, villain who is a soul He can never die. With this ending, the image of the Yokai Spirit Pokemon does not leave our childhood behind, but warns of excessive fear of consumption. The villain has become a cause of disappointment when people do not respect respect for the world and the things around them (the Japanese titles have almost some kind of spirit), and when they are used and withdrawn, as we do not respect consumer society, they are modern In contrast to what is seen in video games, their imagination and myths do not really die, But they could be distorted. Contributed and I believe that it shows, because there is firmness in the idea that sometimes it may enter the hole through its superiority for visual playliness. Although I have looked at most stories (though most users seem to be writing it here), I want to say that apparently it has to be closed on CGI's caledoscope, animation, costume and live potters, which work very well. Many movies have dream-like qualities and majajaki comparisons are often common, such as Nourning Story and Ladberths comparisons, although the film is sharp and more adult than Yokai turned out to be beaten, brutalized, and living hate machine, I believe that even a few people are killed, a distorted aborted calf with a man's face is born and when the film dies in the extraordinary opening, turn our son's face with a sexual undercurrent woman. Longer throat, or any other character, as a child, the continuous memory of touching the thirst of the water accumulated in young people, mostly Western taste Postal order seems to spend a little more time, especially when it is considered a "children's film". However, it is little enough for the attention of enough adult adults, not to damage a child badly. Before the revisions, grims fairy tales, much worse, did much more. <br /> <br /> All and all of these Miiks are still one of the most accessible and engaging initiatives, enough visual drama and great performance (Yokai spirits have a humanism and unreasonable humor to them, to appeal to the audience of all ages, and a Unreliable conceptual underwritings that could possibly be brought to mature audiences by bringing their children to or from someone else. In the sense of nostalgia for the long-lost fantasy films of the youth, the next group thinks that the film is most heartfelt, that they are not only using passive use in their surroundings, but also show respect to the spirits in them which were much closer to reality in childhood. Beautiful, funny, and true original films that are an exciting p Icalaka who came near its top. Instant Classic.
