This is probably the best television show I've ever seen. I saw it at Comedy Central the first few years ago. At that time I was aware that it was dramatically edited and shown outside the order, and I am very happy to see only three series sequentially and unedited (thanks to the Internet and your wonderful "Tube series") ! I think comedy Central picked and chose the way through series one and two to create "season" ... and I tried to get friends and family to see it, but nobody really liked it (I needed new friends) . So, on my own, I made the best from what I could do. Even when I felt that it was somewhat frustrating, I still was forced to see. A few years after the Little Britain was discovered, I immediately recognized Paulin from Loazi because the Fat Guards had affected Marjorie. Also, I love the idea of ​​writers who manage the whole program .... (Not new, but here brutally completed). There is nothing! (No crime, Matt and David .... love you)! This is indeed a bold ridiculous piece of talent. Serial killings, cannibalism apply ..... you name it and it is probably found in this wonderful, unique part of the TV industry. The location shots from the first scene are cooling themselves and you seem to preclude you in the town of Raven Vasey ..... you will never have to leave! I think my favorite character will be to be a TBS, but as illustrated each letter has its own "charm". My favorite father was Laszaras, unless he is the re-sponsor of series three (re-clever and totally unexpected)! This series can be viewed consistently as it runs continuously and as I said earlier, the more compulsory it is (when you refrain) that you can not really see. These are not weak stomachs, kids, conservatives or those who are sick (unless you have a saucy granny)! I've always liked British TV, especially the comedy, from Barry Hill, Monty Python, look up to Red Darf's, absolutely fantastic and British mainstream coupling and office (but not their US counterparts .... sorry). It is not against a person that it is funny and that none of the sick and stomachs revisit the entire line. Nothing, nothing on American TV has come to this level of entertainment. The US broadcast TV is so sad and long, I can stand any way to see it. It is very sad that you do not have any hats in your channel to show the unreasonable version of this monogram (your loss, comedy Central). Thankfully, there is a program that comes from the "pond crossing" which frees up the whole media every decade or more. Here in the United States, the Basic Cable is taking some small steps in the "crossing line", along with a few more graphic sex content, drug use and adult language support, but they are few years away from making adult decisions, adult behavior (killing only And instead of exploding bombs, it's the same basic show for the last 35 years Jazer like)! Even US sitcoms do not start! Waste time and spend a lot of money .... Did you know that "According to Jim" wind for 10 years ??? 10 years ?? However ... watch this show, get it on DVD, do what you need to do, and then show it to your friends too! You have not seen anything like it. The three special things that I have not seen yet ... I'll save my best friend for the spring time. Even if he will see them, I know him and draw him with shape! Line and line and line and line! Note that the series goes away from one to two .... The big city seems to come away to pay attention to new characters, the sunny track is gone (thanks to the bloody hell), the theme is more bands and less orchestras and some stories out of the royal Vasey Is performed. Ultimately, no one will be thrown by anyone, the first one in the series and the two series preserved calm distortion. I think these four guys have made some sort of indefinite. Bright, confident and completely submerged. You want to see it again and again. It is amazing that in 5 seconds of screening, they can get rid of horrific scenes from cheap scenes, and then a single actor may face a close face. If I ever meet the authors / actors, then I will not try to resurrect them or look at it ... I just say "Can I help you?" (Then they probably slap me, so I want to sign them sipping marks)! 10 out of 10
