How do I want to lose friends and isolated people for months, especially Kirsten Donst and Simon Peg acting? Simon Pegg is a comedian and has always been my favorite actress in Carsten Donst. How do friends and detached people lose their spot! Of course perfect, but very enjoyable and fun. How friends and detached people will lose the life of Sydney Young, for a short time, British seasonal journalist who hired a top magazine in New York City. In the spectacular fashion Sydney enters high society and burns the bridge with bosses, colleagues and superstars. After interrupting a black-tie event by allowing a wild pig to run fierce, Sydney Sir's editor caught the attention of Clayton Hardinge and took a job with the New York City magazine. The client warned Sydney that if he wants to succeed, he will be more impressed and impressive. Instead, Sidney is immediately annoyed and co-authored by writer Alison Olson (Carsten Dunst). He dared to target star campaigner Alan Johnson (Jillian Anderson) star's clients. He also disappointed his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Houghton). Sydney finds out creative ways to annoy everyone. His saving grace, a rising starring Sophie Mess (Megan Fox) who developed a strange fondness for him. Over time, Alison's friendship could save Sydney from her downward career. The story was very interesting and the performances with which the actors gave it were pure. Simon Peg is still ridiculous as before! He received Sydney as a disgraceful, objectionable and annoying person, but not only afterwards making the Sydney a favorite, but in the end you originally created an original character. Kirsten Donst and Jeff Bridges Bright! Kirsten had some wonderful acting and ridiculous scenes, and Jeff Bridges just Jeff * Kicking Bridges! How do you like him?! He makes Cleayton a very funny character with some intelligence and overall you just love the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox, and Danny Houston fans were as good at throwing. Everyone had their own personality that was almost unlikely, but it only worked on the film. One thing I did not enjoy was how many dimensional letters. I realized that the most supporting cast was, but some cast was being used and the film could have some torch. How friends and detached people will sometimes never be in the top ten movies or even the top 10 comedy, but it has a lot of recreational levels and some scenes can also attract you. How to lose friendship and isolated people must be one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
