Raggedy Ann and Raggadie Andy are almost dolls that almost do not come to people. In this adventure they must have recovered a kidnapped French doll named Babette from the pirates captain. On their way they travel to Deep Dark Woods, Tuffy Pit and even Lonnie Land. Will their new friend's colleagues help them with a shoulder strap on their shoulders, or will they make them slow down with their friends leaving them? How the King King and his spies will escape! When his owner Marcela leaves her 7th birthday doll alongside her other toys, what does she say? The adventure is waiting for the adventure wonder. <br /> <br /> All scores possible 10 out: Story: 8 - Very nice. When the master comes to life that doll is not nearby. Not only that they go to many different places, but they are in a mythical world so something can happen. Filling new characters, going to different places to find new friends, its great. Do all of these characters work well and love those pirates?! Acting: 8 - Each character suits their voice so well. Especially Marlon Brando Taffy Pete is the enemy, greed. The French-pronounced French accent, the evil Hitler-Esquiu King Cooke (Simpson's SideShowbob hair is found) plays very well, and the dark black voice of sadness for Camellus works perfectly. Why is the old WWW animations better than the new ones? Music: 10 - Nothing short to perfection here. These songs have been on my head for several years and after about 20 years I have seen again, I can still remember each and every one of them knows where these tunes come from now. Joe Joposso of "Til Street" fame has done a great job with this song and everyone is singing true songs. <br /> <br /> Edit: 6 - Hey, it will be confusing. I understand how far the raggedy walks? Many shows seem to be happening to each other and no other dolls and toys have ever seen them in the real world of the movie, but it follows some kind of path and you know that they have to go where they have to go, at the right time. Making it very difficult. Diversity: 8 - In this and Unico, I want to say that there is a part in both films. I will not forget how much I try. Mainly scary part. I've probably already mentioned much creepier than how old movie animations but this takes cakes in the scary factor. The South Park film and some animated musicals outside of some Disney movies, or its real aspects are coming soon. <br /> <br /> Price: 8 classic. The ability to find a good copy to make sure, but VHS copies are probably all now expanding. The DVD version is sold in eBay all the time and it will definitely be something you will see once. To get it for some atheism. <br /> <br /> Overall score (not average): At the end of 8th - 70s, it can be a wonderful, untrained musical instrument and still be enjoyed today. Its characters are all unique and the songs are great. So great you may find humming out their time and time again. A favorite day to hug your favorite stuff! Critical Insights (with bias): It's not like Ragged Anne TV series made after a decade. This way was more bold and real world. Its effects seem like many other acid-trip cartoons of the 1960s, especially yellow submarines. Yet, I never forget my memories, and can affect things even today. It was not easy to find, but it would be a treasure to keep my collection of DVDs and videos forever.
