Oh, boy, God has blessed the 1970s, we've got the most horrific films out of the decade: The Exorcist, Gaus, The Texas Texas Genocide, Halloween and Now, Raggy Ann and Andy: A Musical Adventure. This movie must be used to torture the terrorist to destroy the world, I seriously say this film is frightening the hack from me. My sister took this movie in her VHS collection and I was so nervous that she would make a movie from a doll that came out of great depression for kids with very little pocket money. What's the hack? What is interesting about the fact that this film was about the 1970s version of the Toyo Story, which was originally a key, it was only a thousand times a square, Disney had to get the drug trips for Alice in Wonderland's children. <br /> <br /> Whenever Marcela leaves the room, Raggedi Ann, her brother Raggedy Andy comes alongside a nursery life full of colorful toys. On the birthday of Marcela, a new doll Babbet has arrived from France in Paris to America America. Babbet is a wild creature who is incredible, he does everything he can to keep the doll, but friendly ragged Anne Baba in the house. However, his kidnapping of pirate captain infectious. Raggeddy Ann and Andy tried to find Marcela to rescue him, Father was gone. Outside the nursery, in the world, with camels of two tall camels, camels with high-colored camels who have abandoned past owners and are now frustrated and lonely. After running a ride on Raggedi Ann and Andy Camel, he started following his hallucinations and did not see, moved to a deep hole on the edge of a hill. In this hay, they face greedy, who are always eating and never full. Raggedes and Cemel greedy hunger hungry and continue their journey to find the bob? <br /> <br /> This movie was definitely boring and I wanted to cry most of the movie and cover my eyes, it was really creative. On that day when we draw animations that make movies more personal and the authors and animators keep it in their hearts, you can say that they did it with a musical adventure. This is certainly not the worst movie I ever seen, I just do not know who it recommends. As I was afraid, I must admit that I saw I was happy, sometimes you have a "WTF?!" Need the film to spice up your selection, believe me when there was no problem fixing with Ragged Ann Ann. It's official, the doll is just like a lotus, let's put it in the way, a huge caramel river that has eaten everything, a king whose head grows up with its sunny, an evil thing that insults Ragged Ann and his brother. Some strange strokes of Ann and Andy and naked dolls that will lose my dreams forever with their songs. Yes <br /> <br /> 7/10
