It took some scenes for myself, really to cover myself around me, but for me there was a terrible highlights of the tears of the tears of 00 and so far as an independent creator goes. An astronomical horror, it brings the story of the legendary Taylor-Ericsson group, which is based in India based on a religion, whose members have been set in search of final self-knowledge and mental healing, which have been unexpected results for years. Setting the Bookend Segment in India, this image was made in three stories in Germany, which refers to the work of Taylor-Ericsson group, some times with a lot of ugly Gore. It's an interesting set-up like these things, but how this film separates it so carefully set the image so much for the development of imagery horror. The bad things have been exposed and the general course of film shows a sense of introspection on how spontaneous knowledge and final therapy can affect patients, healers, and others, and with it a view that smart visual formulas have been loaded for the power of dark energy. Which is unbound dark energy by it, time, place or even personality. The first example of this, especially in a psychiatric hospital, is found in the first story related to a female interviewer interviewing the woman. Before this story, we have seen Lars Aricusan and especially his jataki (lazy) eyes, we show him a cure or at least one patient has been comforted. In the same story, the mental patient of the first story observed that Arsson has cured a colleague, as he has highlighted the art of his colleagues, a picture of them being seen, eyes like laziness eyes like Irisesen. There is a mention of people's relationship with the extra sensory concept of people's minor role, excessive exercise and what is going on in the film, which has spread and spreads worse than others can infect. The film is more philosophically more than just a fool, it is a movie which is a fashion of death, suffering and possible release that is bound to a framework of Hindu belief, which may seem to exploit it, but hopefully believe more than one related to the real. (At least from research I've done in Wikipedia). Writer / Director Andradeus Marcassa certainly possesses some remarkable achievements for the skill of filmmaking. Besides being thoughtful, the film is becoming very cool, the soundtrack of Bharatiya India and Panamanian has a great yari piano jingle and is especially an extraordinary performance, especially the drunkard belun as a deadly patient, and as a bad patient. The third story also has a fine turn from veteran Mathieu Carrière as healing a belief. The biggest problem in the film is that it does not involve a lot of time so that there is a possibility of fear, but this and some other performances are very well-involved. So, as soon as the film can not climb, the performances are sometimes closed and pacing seems to be mostly in most cases, but most of the time it seems that it was very nice, if a shadow was smaller than its possible brightness. I think the adventure is a good look for horror fans.
