Where was the picture when I was young? Her parents separated and her husband continued to live with her grandfather. Their sister lives with their father and they often talk to the phone. Grandfather is only "here" every third day. Moms are not really home. The kids are always picking up on poor kids. During the village festival, Tadashi was selected as the "Kirin Ryder" or spiritual champion of peace and justice. Very rarely he suspects that soon he will have to play the role of heroes because the forces of darkness are involved in the rage of things left behind by the plot to destroy mankind and the spiritual world. <br /> <br /> There were simple parts. Now trying to explain the picture, hard part comes. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie. Is not it a great movie, faulty, (very flawed?) But a great movie is not low. It's like a great book that you like as a kid and struggles to find the strength of being the hero of the day, as hard as it is. Seeing it, I felt I was reading a great book, and if it was a book, how big would it be. I prefer that film does not follow a normal path. Events often occur outside of events or through corruption, because of its character being asleep, it only causes a character to happen. Twists and turns and moments which seem like inappropriate and it's more charming for all (which is usually Miike) certainly it's a Takashi Miike film. The Japanese director of the film is clearly in charge of a movie that is often touching, scary, and funny. None other than Mickey can understand that at the same time you may have many emotions, or you can suddenly walk around and the thing becomes dark for a second and later funny. I thought that Mike made a movie which is frustrating and hopeful, which does not move away from the scary, I'm really scared, especially for kids. This is the same dark area that Harry Potter should be in the film, but rarely. This is a dark grimms story with humor. My first reaction to seeing the first picture was that I can not believe that anyone would start a child film with the final picture of the world, then I realized that the film was made. Turning off Mickey to create a movie that can handle these horrific images of kids. <br /> <br /> It's running more than one level. The bad guys are the mechanical monsters that fake the junk from mankind's junk. The reason behind his anger is the outbreak of the road rash. One Yokai (spirits) gets angry about angry sneakers because they feel dirty or too small when they are tossed. Bad boys also have a good son who refuses to join because this is a human work. It's a wild idea, but like other things that move this movie to another level. (There are many good references and references between other movies, TV shows and novels, which makes me wonder who this movie can not understand with kids, though many parents do it) and of course there are monsters. They run gamut with Chess off from gorgeous to everywhere. In truth, you have to forgive the inequality of their creation, because if there are only thousands of monsters on the screen, then there will be hundreds. Its way cold and it works. One of the main characters is Yokai which I think is described as the best hamster in a taniki and is often played by a stuffed animal, it seems to be stupid, and you'll still enjoy the small harmful and the road will be loving at every moment. . (If you have ever seen the old woodwork of strange Japanese giants, acceptability is much easier) I have mentioned errors and there are a few. The effects are unfinished, suddenly a bit weird (even understandable) and some minor things that are fading for almost two hours after watching the film. None of them really hit the film, but most of them love to be perfectly happy with the movie. <br /> <br /> I really liked this movie. I'm sure if I saw it as a child, it was always my favorite movie. (Where is the English dub?) Watch this movie. This is a great trip. (Apart from this, in addition to a good role of blood and graphic sex in MIG minus films)
