Billi was paid as Takashi Mike's "first family movie" - who probably did not see Gebrum, presumably. Yokai Daisenso takes one more thing towards family-friendship, creating a grand fantasy fairy tale expressing darkness and mourning. A young boy is chosen by the fate to preserve the world from monsters and horror, in which they remained largely unknown. The film is obviously bigger budget than any other than the Metikk, for creating a fabulous world made by many strange creatures of Cgi (Yokai). Perhaps the lack of extreme materials may result in more nervous investor results, but I think it probably wanted to do something different. He was not really a contemporary Tony, but he was often accused of - perhaps the critics were designed to silence Yokai. However, it's a great project for Michael to manage his imagination and innovation channel. <br /> <br /> With the innovation of Maya, there is a lot of cartoon production. Yokai was based on an old series comics which became the basis of Japanese folk tales, which was definitely influenced by Miyazaki (especially in the self-published voices). It must be remembered that there is nothing like Harry Potter's film budget to work with Michael, so special effects should not be based on Hollywood style works - some blue-screening is particularly obvious. Although some of the special effects are some great, some very well animated animals (with a mix of CGI, stop-motion and dolls). I think little socks and dolls that follow the hero of the movie around the film seem to be really cheap * and all of them for it :) :) This little boy, who plays the hero of the film, works really well - find a pre-adolescent Very hard to find, who actually understand the concept of acting, but the 9-year-old Reunosuke Kamiki is a real genius (I saw he was the last 2 Miazaki Lollipop!). Chiaki Kuriyama piece is delicious as villainess, though Ma Takahashi made an even greater impression as the Pixie-Eared River Princess - Yum Yum! Those looking for other violent, perverted gangsters will not find what they are looking for, but if you are a fan of Mikey because of his imagination and intelligence, there are plenty to please here. And it's a bonus that you can happily put on any company you like :)
