Yesterday broadcast on TV, so I decided to test it. One of the variations related to the old 1992 Batman of the animated series of this old Bruce Team / Paul Danny DVV, Jeff Matsuda came along and imagined Batman with his new Batman series, however, the story of this new Batman is a new vigilante appearance known as Batwoman Nearby movie center, although Batman stops him due to his extreme approach Felt the need to, and both of those already secret under Ruphert Thorn Pengiun and Carlton Duquesne (those having family problems) and a villain (which will be published later in the film), weapons, arms smuggling operation, also gives a grant bataoyanake. The question is, who is this mysterious Batwani and they can be one after the other? It's up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop Penguin's latest operation. For an animated film, this is a fairly complex plot and a serious tone which is good. Another plus was a full review of the penguin, which looks more like the supernatural mom boss, we used it in contrast to its earlier design, in contrast to the elements from the team barter's view of pentium (sewur mice and circus frick). Although there is a love theorem in the movie, it does not carry so far and it does not seem like a batman forever. Voice Acting Standard quality for these direct-to-video projects (if only Batman: Fantasum mask accepts this route), Kevin Kraff is still brighter like Batman / Bruce Wayne. And despite running for some very small 80 minutes, it manages to make a beautiful (and complicated) story complete with few small twists and bucket load loads. There is some downside, but Nightwieg is not seen, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne will not click as a couple, although the reference is made, Team Drake (Ur Robin) rarely can be quite strong in the film, I've never been to Paul Denny and Bruce team's Batman character was not a fan of the character (especially his Batman post-BTAS), Batman and Robin The new message, well, it looks greasy Batman, but then bulked up in a well-built man (Jeff Matsuda from the Batman-like character models). Bruce Wayne felt a bit uneasy, that the blue eyes allowed him to see more like Clark Kent after Bruce (although he really looked the same alike). Another negative aspect is Rupert Throne (he does not have any explanation as to why he is in the contract, but it seems to be safe that he has a gangster and the deal is cutting) that can not spend too little time with penguins or hit himself on himself. He refers to a gun (how many times it will happen in the movie and you will be surprised.) Above all, a good Batman animated movie, at least a rental price.
