This post can have SPOILERS: <br /> <br /> After 5 years of ending the series and WB was currently working in the Justice League, but the animated film welcomes the video library. Why? Well, if Fantasam's masks praise Batman's first 70 episodes: Praise the animated series and 15 episodes of Subwayo Batman and Robin's Adventures, then Batman's Mix praises the final 24 episodes of Batman's Gotham Knights version. Nothing short of excellence and perfection that Kevin Conroy delivers a voice over acting again I said, I was a little tired of Batman's words and thought about Batman's old 50's comics. But inspired by Batman's character, his appearance, his costume (which I inspired Bruce Wayne to make Batman Beyond's clothes), and this movie guides you through the way in which Batamón is going. If you want to know Batwoman, then buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon has created a cameo appearance and I think the authors are trying to indicate that Bruce and Barbara are going somewhere among them as they did in Batman Beyond. Tom Drake appeared as Robin, but his role is a little bit tragic, and there is no sign of Dick Grieson alias Nightwying, which I believe is that he has established himself in Blumehev (his city of comics). /> <br /> Three suspects for Batman, my favorite Kathy Dukesen, who looks terrible like Hal Berry. Kelly Ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. When I came to Villen, I'm glad that Penguin was one of them, but I do not want to replace Paul Williams with David Wagen Steer. Pengy does not just sound right. The same thing goes for Robin. The new guy is okay, but just as I started using Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, the voice of Curtton Dussen, is now the vocalist of the "Batman" series. And we finally see how Rupert Thorny's Gotham Knights did not appear on episode, it seems to be revitalized. Late John Vernon missed I used to enjoy Henry Silva as Ben's voice, although he had to replace, but he got the right man as hector elizandro. I could only use the new version of the two faces, Ridler, or Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The musical score and especially the role of soft sounding were fantastic. I had a soundtrack and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie at the Iceberg lounge with its song, Betcha Neva. Some feel that this film is weaker than the mask of the Fantas and Subjajoros, I find it as powerful and enjoyable, plus as I said earlier, this is a full-length movie that has stopped the version of Batman's Gotham Knights, which I think is a good one. Gives balance. I first offer to rent this DVD before renting this DVD but it may be responsible for this movie, but it is worth buying personally. I'm a 9th mystery of a Batwoman
