It starts with a series of algorithmic steps. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like a dick) is starting her usual tirade against women, as an exception, Pearl and her girlfriend Pearl. Then he related a rubbish version of Samson's Bible story, which can hold a long shout against Pearl's wishes, who is a city sailor, not low, and everyone follows his example, claiming that he will be out of business. This point will return to gain the last scene of the film. Some critics of Gabby think of irritation, but this one is a specific plus. It is very bad that he was not even better than Randy Skate, so that he helped Randie to lighten the natural iron-Javed fear. Also on this stage, Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (like Catherine Craig, Selia Wallace), whom she can recognize, and a little girl (Martel), from whom she will soon make her hero when she becomes a hero, Randy's wheelchair After the run by the Henchenman of John Armin (George Cleveland), the runway stage mainly operates the city. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learned that through his uncle and extension, he is not very popular among the people in the city. He, however, quickly forms a useful friendship with Gabby. He wanted to know that Mama John was responsible for the stage hold of her business partner, Selia Wallace and the related murder case, she wanted uncle that John would return the money and instead decided to work for Selia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden). For uncle John. <br /> <br /> As soon as the chances of his opponent increased, uncle Johnston decided to invent a correspondent (Barbara Britton, Lettter Tyler) to the Wallace office, when he asked to keep him informed to the city from the mine so that he could run You can hijack. When it does not work, he resorts the fireworks of his office, for which Randy blames. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was at Laty's apartment, he faced his case that he imposed uncle John. Martel and Lett testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This is her and Leila in the cookie house, Selia (her clear wife) and Ted (who hopes to kiss a leet). This newsletter also leaves Uncle John Trust's faith as an information technology and he advises that he leaves the city. Instead, he changed the bias to Wallace, explaining why Randy was in his apartment. Uncle John is again trying to run their crease, and when it fails, the town is a common shootout. You can estimate results. <br /> <br /> The plot was created very well and executed, with the help of complex relationships between the principles and various obstacles for the R & At least, Randy was relieved of the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle was a choice to save John from the assassination, but was proud of being proud that a woman could not bear his threat. Hayes and two beautiful single women, as well as the appearance of a little soil, helped to lighten the other intense atmosphere of this war to survive, as uncle kept him. <br /> <br /> It seems that Barbara Britain, "bad" girl, Kathryn Craig, gets top female billing over Randy's love interest. Berber's camera was much more limited during the time. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up with George Cleveland in the LCD TV series "Grams", they would be surprised to see such a restrictive villain game. We can think of whether we have a bearing on a wheelchair-bound condition on his personality. This wild west left him with a few options for making a living. Without a clear family (except Randy) to support him, he can not overcome some initial city outside the most profitable business in the city. On the other hand, from her conversation, she probably gained her position as the city's "boss" before being wheelchair-bound.
