"Ice Age" was one of the cartoon films produced by Blue Sky Studio and in 2002 it was first released as the company's first. We introduced the main characters: a scandal called scrat (Voice by the voice waze, and please note: the word scratcher is derived from "Tom and Jerry" shouting Tom from the cartoon), Mani, a tall mam ray Romana "Avvvdie Loves Raymond "), A slogan called Sid (pronounced by" Legion of Titan This "), and a sound dioxhed named Diego (Pixar The "Bug Life" by Dennis leyari spoken). <br /> <br /> The picture is trying to open with Scrat and immediately after it, he created a snowfall. Then we can see a feather in the south for the coming snow (except for the manny, the other way is going to other mamos that looks like it). Sid comes out yawning his cave, and his family saw him abandoned. Then he gives toll with some aardvarks. Unfortunately, he followed Sylvia (pronounced by Kristen Johnston of "Sun from 3rd Rock"), followed by a woman's orange slogan, who wants to go to Sid with her. Sid eventually formed a team with Moni, and they became friends. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, seeking avenge against a human tribe, Soto (voices of grazing depression), an evil enemy, two-tiger tigers, for a nuisance, half his pack stole his child, Roshan, from him. In the morning, he attacked the people of Heinchen, Leni (voice by Allan Tudic), Oscar (voice by Diderrich Badr), and Jake (voice of Jack Black), in the morning, but the leader's wife escaped with Roshon And to see Sid. Finally, Diogo joins them and Roshan is going to return to his tribe, who are looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? Apart from Moni, Sid, Diego, Scrout, Sylvia and Roshan, there are supporting characters, among which there are packs of Roshan's clan, and a fatty female violet slogan named Jennifer (Voice of Zen Zenkowski) and Skinny Women's Yellow Sloth by Rachel (Lori Bagley) Voice), which Sid sees their rays when they are relaxed in a grass crib. Eventually, two lyricists, Carl (voice by PDI's "Madagascar" cedric observer), and Frank (pronounced by Pixar's "Finding Nimo" Stephen Root), who go to the side to destroy their food after Sid and fight Manny on a hill Simple, simple letters. I went for the dodos, who are using fog as their food supplies. <br /> <br /> The Gaga of this photo is very interesting. For example, Moni says through his trunk, "I'm not going!" When Jennifer and Rachel came out of Terry Pot, Sid asked Jennifer, "What do we say, if we go into the jin pool, what happens?" Jennifer then replied to him, "Did you jump to peer pH?" Rachel still wept on her waist. Silvia holds the neck on her neck and looks at the diago, then she asks Sid, if she keeps her breathing, then she will tell Diego to eat, and immediately leave. <br /> <br /> Since "Ice age" is not only a success, but it was 2 series: the first was "Ice Age: The Maldon" which was released in 2006 and the other was "Ice Age: Dinosaur Dawn", which Will be released next year. Do I Wait to Look Like "Ice Age: Dinosaurs Dawn"?
