Slaughter High began at any time in the Dodsville County High School, where Mt. Carroll Manning (Caroline Munro), the unarmed Marty Rantgen (Simon Schüdmörer) scoffs at the locker room of the girls, where she told her to dance in the shower, the friends of the Carol friends came and now Nude Marty was a big Wonders because they made her film because they Fool's day joke prilera girls standing with his head down the toilet. The school's sports coach (Mark Smith) protects Marty and blames Marty who punishes the gang, they come out of the moment and Marty is caught in the explosion and nitric acid spreads over him. Face After a few years and the whole gang is invited to reconnect a class to a closed school, they all discover that they are the only one there. They are all virtual where they can learn quickly, where they come back to Marty and take revenge on their minds ... <br /> <br /> They shot under the title of April Fools 'Day because they probably changed to April Fools' Day. Another Slashar Film (1986) The American English co-production was remarkable in the same year, of which three writers and directors, George Dogdale, Mark Ezra and P Liliton (not seeing a movie with three credits) Director I now saw two of the week, the other is Gin Cloud Van Damme Falik Kickboxer (1989)) and I need to say that although I liked the bad though it is a bad reputation. . What I like about the script is that it is a purely sloppy slash, it does not try to do anything else and it only accepts general rules, short comedy and touches and accepts the plays for them. Basically it promises, it is a committed killer, blood, boobs and babes. I think the character is okay, the story was right, even though it was an excuse to load a thirteenth child in an isolated position, so some killers could close one at a time and I really liked being locked up as well. For that high slaughter gets a lot of high flak. The first half starts a bit slowly but the second half is removed along with the note because a minor is killed after the other. Some situations and character reactions make a little sensible but the same can be said about any film that can be made in the same complaint? <br /> <br /> Three grateful director's slitter hi is very good, I also like to see the film is a lot. The isolated randon school is really designed for atmospheric position and it feels good, the producers have been in good thunderstorm, and there are some nice photography, especially to the end where there are many fascinating chronic stenciling tracking shots that follow the carol through various careers. Randon school Not particularly stylish, though it certainly looks great enough and is professionally made. There are some good grooms here, including dead bodies, people acid, fat, stomach explosion, face-to-face and lonemore death, as well as anyone who drowns under the drain in floral matter! Special effects are better than one and I was both more satisfied than the felt and expected body count. <br /> <br /> The technically good film was better than my expectations and low budget casts shattered. To be released today, I would think it's comparatively low budget itself though. Set up in the United States this was very clearly shot in England. Harry Manfredini composes any other music that sounds like his other musical scores, and originally from Friday to September 13 (1980), and according to the sequence of themes, Anyone living in the UK can recognize Billy Hartman who played Frank regularly at Emmerdale Farm (one of our country's top soap operas) that he played Terry Woods! The most horrific fans will recognize a rare staring role sexy Caroline Munro. Legendary exploit producer Dick Randall has worked in Slater High and actually comes to film as a film producer ... talking about type casting! You can also see a poster for the misunderstanding of Peace (1982) that he created in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a slasher film that I liked so much, have you seen it? ? I did not say it was great I really liked it at the private level and I am sure that the lack of predictive plot and story probably will be very close, so I can not recommend it, but I like it, you can do it as well. If you ever decide to make a decision that you want to see this invalid version. If you are not a fan of Slicker Flickr, Slaughter High will not change your mind, but if you look for a simple and effective slash, you can do a lot worse than that.
