Congratulations to the 80s slash film of God. This is a fun, funny movie. All about what this slashing films are all about. Now I'm not saying horror movies, just slash movie. It goes like this: All these stupid jacs and cheerleaders have chosen a high school deerter and then they have a public error. To take revenge and revenge on playing a joker / Jesser's mask (a pretty vague appearance, I can add), Marty began to kill one year later at the age of one and thirty years, after which he led them to believe that their old abandoned high school Having a reunion is going on. That's basically the plot? What's wrong with this? This is the beauty of the 80s slash movie, most of them I would say. Many things can be so ridiculous, but they keep drawing more about the way you are going. Especially this picture. <br /> <br /> This is some violent killings, and some are quite creative. (Beer poison poisonous, acid bath, I can not remember a roller used in any other slash film ever) It's actually a fun, funny movie. That's all. Characters do not meet fools, do not remember their stupidity, and never think of the harmful, random things that will happen in this movie. Just like the light can be controlled by the killer (you will see even when he does not switch a button) and the toilets can eat blood, the baths can come out of them, use it as part of your entertainment! Because it really makes it entertaining. <br /> <br /> These pictures represent the slashers of the 80's. And this movie can never be made, why know? It's no longer 80's. That's why they should be worried only for them, good fun! I recommend this picture if you are a fantasy fan like 13th Friday of Allah's. <br /> <br /> The movie also had Kick ass villains on a mobile phone, Marty Rantgen. A vague, nerd, who killed all his old enemies in a vague Jester mask A good villain makes a good slasher. Shortly after the release of Slaughter High Simon Simpson starred Marty soon. It only adds something vague for the movie, and stick with it and even thinks you're more sorry for Marty's character, I guess. Above all, great 80 slash of fun! It's embarrassing that it will never happen again ...
