As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley was in this flick, I said "I will see this movie". He is an incomplete original character, Domino, a giant hunter. His "jobs", such as "any step" shows us the scenes, reflects his rebellious, life-style violent attitude. I have to admit that this is the first time I see an action movie, the most important scenes in which guns are far from the characters So, this stomped me a little. However, for all John John's fans, helicopters have been reduced, explosions, guns, like rain, and a nice car that shoots two machines with guns in every two hands. Throwing is absolutely bright. Apart from Keira, this movie is actually a real tambay, much different than the beautiful action we saw, Mikey Rou come back with his usual snap-crescent face and his strong body. Christopher Walken makes his work quite well, as a reality show producer. Go to the content of <br /> <br />: This film has a journalistic shape. Talk show scene "hateful" is real. Anyone who saw that load. . . What you know, can say that this air breathes in that situation. As a producer, when Domino's mother is said that Dominin's life should not be shown "trash, any crime", she replied "I do not accept it as a crime". This movie portrays a difficult life. Domino is coming to a world that does not want him, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a charitable hunter "not so barbarous", Choko (third person in band), a family (using Ed's words), "Corrective Institute She" Alpha, driver / bomb coming from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation This cluster of people represents somewhat more "human than shirts"; Unfortunate, violent, and nothing to lose, their (as they will consider) reject the sad life. The film's essay says that it is "inspired by the real story ... less or less", so I probably could not tell you about the authenticity of this item. However, going out of the explosion and surgery (which can be "added" to look at the film as easy and "classified as action movie"), the story of the characters is very practical to be "edulcorated". <br /> <br /> Interactions between characters are different, well-read, and certainly not annoying. I have not been so convinced that the role of psychologist (Lucy Liu, was never silent in her acting career). Domino begins to tell his story (and this is a story) which represents only because. Possibly, the only "con", a movie with a "lots" of movies. <br /> <br /> Everything is: it's not "SWAT". Characters are created; They have an identity, a shape. They have a name and title (not just "gumbl" and "street") It can be said that this is the biography of a girl whose life has gone faster like a bullet.
