Previously notice: I'm sure someone is going to accuse me playing the race card here, but when I saw the preview of this movie, I was thinking "Finally!" I have not seen any movie about the popularity of African influential dancers (this is the popular hip hop reduction, break or step-by-step) where the main character was the black woman I saw an overwhelming amount of movie where fresh new freshness for a black-black female hood that does not know anything about hip hop and its intermediate work (breaking, break-2, save last dance, step), but black women in the film are almost helpless . Hip Hop is so annoyed with me that so much of African-influenced dance, and these specific sets are broken with lots of black and Latinoos, and it's always a men who perform it, so I think this movie is coming very long. However, this nation does not make movies, so I also wanted to carry it a credible plot; Dance should be entertaining; And interesting to see. <br /> <br /> PROS: I've really enjoyed bringing this image to Jamaican culture. I never saw a popular, mainstream movie where all major characters were Jamaican; The credible commentary was; And was not stereotypical with beanies. Children, family, friends and even "lip" are all intelligent, realistic people who are trying to live, live and live around living through love. Even the audience was aware that the main character's sister chose an alternative lifestyle, yet it still did not form the ultimate form of the plot. I was pleased with the way I have portrayed. I love step by step; Romantic flirty relationship running between two steppers; The trial that was being carried out through the parents of the main character; And how he dealt with dealing with crabs in his old neighborhood and coming back in a barrel. I respect that he was intelligent and active at the same time, and in many films in the film, he was guiding himself to the world. They all were just as good as well. I can not see many movies these days, at least not those who are considered to be black movies. Cons: I'm not sure if the directors or anyone who keeps the film together, but I ask if they were shot at the actual step. Whenever the kids are ready to perform, some hip hop songs will play in the place of Stopper's hands / feet. In addition to organizing crowds in the actual steps, there is no need for crowds for music. And then playing the hip hop tracks, sometimes beat the beat of the song and sometimes beat the feet. It was weird I was more impressed step by step in the movie "Stop the Yard" (another great bluff film), because the women were terrible representation of boys ("Stem of the Yard" in Megan Good, a few seconds of prissy twirl and hair Flip and leave a chant and few steps (and Deltas?) And immediately cut). Even in very small scenes, women especially took it to the auto shop, and it does not sink that music to their physical music. I know the soundtrack must be sold, but the filmmakers could play the music in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not a Kieson Cole fan, so every time I saw him, all I was thinking was, "What is written in the script when he speaks on the palm of his hand?" She looked uncomfortable on the screen. I thought they should use a host like Free or Roxy instead. Deray Davis was fun as usual. Also, when I saw that the film seems to be in veto, then I laugh, as step-by-step can not happen anywhere else. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a few were portrayed as unidentified due to their surroundings and sufferers, who made mainstream films. <br /> <br /> I could give this movie five stars, but the music killed it for me. Plans and plans will be included in the actual steps show without all songs of bonus scenes when I buy it explicitly.
