Unlike most of the reviews that you have to find in "Across the street 110", I will try not to participate in the debate about whether or not the film is classified as a real Blaxploitation effort. However, I will elaborate as much as I can on all the things that "Through the 110th" represents. and that's pretty! This is a genuine, vile, inflexible and incessantly violent action thriller from the glorious beginnings of the 70s. It is a tale of corruption and survival, with solid performances and a tight script, but without demanding moral lessons or unnecessary emotional interludes. "Across 110th Street" is possibly the best thriller of Blacks Vs Italians ever made, and this intervened with a strong story about two completely unique policemen who are forced to work together in an unimaginably powerful and unforgettable film; although one can only be enjoyed by people with strong stomachs and nerves of steel, since the bloodshed is implacable and the level of suspense is constant. The small thief Jim Harris and his two accomplices decide to steal a large sum of money from the Italian mobsters who run the show in Harlem. However, the robbery is terribly wrong and Harris kills no less than five gang members and two policemen. The Italians send their most lethal psychopath to Harlem and the black gangster community also organizes their own persecution. Meanwhile the police force deals with internal racial issues. The old and corrupt but veteran Captain Mattelli is forced to hand over the investigation to Lieutenant Pope, who has just left the university and is still full of ideals. This is one of the most disgusting and frighteningly realistic depictions of the New York City district infested with crime in the early 70s. There are hardly any kind characters in the whole movie, the environment is constantly on the verge of getting depressed and the end of The series is a massive slap in the face. The racial tension between the "main" characters of the police officers is always present and is remarkable, but the moral values ​​and the speeches are never pushed by the throats of the spectators. The performances are incredible, especially Anthony Franciosa as the crazy killer of the mafia and Paul Benjamin as the little thief turned murderer. But the greatest respect is for Anthony Quinn, for courageously illustrating a grim and crude police character with his status in Hollywood. The soul soundtrack is amazing and the actual Harlem filming locations make the film even more authentic. Barry Shear's address is firm and firm, and I can not believe he has not yet reviewed some of his other works. I still have a copy of "The Todd Killings" out there, so I hope it's as magical as this movie!
