When I was little, my parents took me to the theater to see Interiors. It was one of the many movies I watched with my parents, but it's the only movie we've ever released. Since then, I had never seen Interiors until recently and I could have lived the rest of my life without it. What a pretentious, heavy and painfully boring chunk of 70s cheese and wine tripe. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors but Interiors is by far the worst shit of his career. In the unmistakable style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular, unobtrusive glimpse of a family's life inflicted by the psychological damage caused by divorce, separation, career, love, non-love , bad faith, etc. The film, intentionally, has no comic relief, no music and is plunged into a dark pathos. This style of film can be better defined as being expressionist in nature, using a method of improvised dialogue to illicit "deeper meaning and greater truth". But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and dull. But beyond that, I simply had no connection with any of the characters, nor any sympathy for them. Instead, I felt nothing but contempt for this parade of shuffling, moans, nicotine patches, martyrs in perpetual quest for identity. In a context of cosmopolitan wealth and baked intelligentsia Brie, the story is looming like a fart in the room. Everyone speaks in the platitudes affected and the language raised between cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "in trouble", desperate to find a direction, an understanding or something else, and it continues to the point of wanting to slap everything. It is never a question of resolution, it is only an interminable introspective babbling. This is nothing more than a psychological drama pushed to the extreme, beyond the ability of the public to connect. Woody Allen has chosen to create characters so immersed in them that we feel left behind. And for this reason, I found this film painfully complacent and exhausting spiritually. I see what he was looking for, but his insistence on promoting his message through Prozac's prose and distorted film techniques throws him beyond the point of relevance. I highly recommend this one if you feel a bit too happy and need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's say this movie never happened.
