Airport '77 begins as a brand-new luxury 747 aircraft abounds with valuable and other paintings by wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who transports them with a group of distinguished personalities in his field in preparation for her opening to the public Julie, a daughter of Stevens (Kathleen Quinlan), and her son are also on board. The luxury jetliner took off as planned, but co-pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his accomplice banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki) landed the plane with him. sleeping, they plan to steal the precious cargo and land on an abandoned runway on an isolated island, but as it descends, Chambers almost hits an oil rig in the ocean and loses control of the plane, sending crashing into the sea where he sinks down right bang in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. The air is scarce, water seeping into the water and having traveled more than 200 km, the problems increase for the survivor while waiting for help and time flies ... Also known as the slightly different Airport 1977 tile, this second sequel to the catastrophic thriller Airport (1970), directed by Jerry Jameson, is again like its predecessors but I can not say that Airport '77 is a kind of forgotten classic, it is entertaining although not necessarily for the right reasons. Of the three films on the airport I've seen so far, I really liked this one, the best. He has my favorite parcel of three with a nice air intake in flight and then the crash (did not he see the oil rig?) And the sinking of the 747 (maybe the manufacturers were trying to cross the original airport with another popular film of the period The Poseidon Adventure (1972)) & submerged is where it stays until the end with a severe dilemma facing those who are trapped in the inside, either smother when the air is exhausted or drowning under the floods of 747 or if one of the doors are open and it's a decent idea that could have been used for a little disaster film, but a Bad bad temper, dull dialogue, lethargic decor and a real lack of danger, suspense or tension mean it's a missed opportunity. Although the rather slow plot does not entertain us for 108 minutes, not much happens after the plane sank and there is not as much urgency as I thought. Even when the navy is involved, things do not pick up so much with some shots of huge ships and flying helicopters but just something is missing here. George Kennedy, the boss of the airline Joe Patroni, is back but presents only a few scenes and hardly says anything preferring to seem worried in the background. <br /> <br /> The domestic video and theatrical version of Airport '77 Run for 108 minutes, while the US versions of the television add an extra hour of film, including a new opening credits sequence, many other scenes with George Kennedy as Patroni, flashbacks to flesh out the character, longer rescue scenes and discovery, or two other corpses, including the browser. Although I would like to see this extra footage, I'm not sure I can watch a three-hour drive from Airport '77. As expected, the film has not always lived up to the fashions and architectural choices, I will say nothing more than the effects of the toy airplane model are not great either . With the other two suites in Airport, this occupies a prominent place in the Hall of Shame of the Razzie Award, although I can think of many worse movies than this one, so I think it's a bit hard. The action scenes are a little boring, unfortunately, the pace is slow and there is not much excitement or tension, which is a shame because I think it could have been a very good movie if had been done correctly. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​go well if nothing spectacular. The acting is not great, Jack Lemmon, two-time winner of an Oscar, said since it was a mistake to play in this movie. Oscar-winning James Stewart looks old and frail, and another Oscar winner, Lee Grant, seems drunk while Sir Christopher Lee is drunk. There are many familiar faces to watch. <br /> <br /> Airport 77 is the most disastrous of the three films on the airport so far and I liked the ideas behind it even though they were a little ridiculous, the production and the Bland direction does not help and a movie on a sunken plane should not be so boring or lethargic. Followed by the Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
