The summer season is where the choices in the cinemas are limited to the hottest film of the week, given 99.9% of screens dedicated to its projection. OK, so I can overstate the percentage, but you get my drift. In addition to Hollywood stuff, Bollywood also has its share of highly anticipated blockbuster movies, and some of the trailers presented, I'm very excited to watch them too. Tashan was considered one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was quite surprised by the low rate of participation in theaters. When I looked at Jodha Akbar, the room was full, but it was not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After looking at her, I knew why. It was fun, but basically weak. Just like his literal English title, which means "Style," Tashan is all in style, but little substance. It's not that he does not have the usual power of stars, but scenes that seemed forced, and some bordering on ridicule, even for Bollywood standards, I must say. Which is quite surprising given that Tashan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, which I greatly appreciated. <br /> <br /> When he left with Tashan as a beginner, even if you can not blame him for his direction, you would probably scratch your head about the plot, which was at best clumsy. He tried to force too many things in the story, although the merit is attributed to where he allowed you to question the motivation of the character, but it happened a little too late, and only towards the final, what you let guess a moment before. Right in the action, imitating many Thai action movies, with the Hong Kong roast, the silly Hollywood guns and the recoilless shooter. And in order to include everything, including the kitchen sink, you have an assortment of vehicles that appear, and the one who won the cake, in a tribute to Dhoom 2, was the propulsion boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, one can appreciate Tashan as an unintentional comedy, which is explained by the way the cast worked with their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center leader who teaches English only as a platform for finding new material for his girlfriend. His playboy ways are set aside when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly what she seems to be, the sweet and sweet hottie. She uses Jimmy's services for her boss, the ugly Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably has a lot of laughter when speaking broken English and whose sentences should look like the way an ah-beng does. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate gangster who was hired by Bhaiyyaji to track down Jimmy and Pooja as they escape with stolen money in Bahiyyaji's business. <br /> <br /> kind of trip, with friends turned into enemies, and enemies who, you know, will become friends along the way. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most unlikely of all, as he goes from scratch to hero, performing actions that would shame Rambo in no time, which is totally wrong. Kareena Kapoor accentuates the sex factor as she uses her charms to taunt the two men, and she has many opportunities to do so, given the much vaunted bikini scenes, as well as other costumes boasting of their plunging necklines or their hems well above the knee. Each character has their own story, and I thought that Akshay Kumar's Bachchan Pandey was probably the best, the most touching, and the most fun of the lot, even though his character was very much like an Incredible Hulk not green with his gravity-defying leaps. . and power packaging punches. His wounds also heal automatically, which makes Wolverine ashamed. And the best part is his theme song, which is cursed alpha-male and played in ra-ra mode every time it faces opponents. <br /> <br /> But, sad to say, it's the only memorable air, something that applauds "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most of the Bollywood films that I watch, I will generally be able, despite the obvious language gaps, to get out of the program by humming a melody or two. I could not do it after Tashan, because the songs were unfortunately not at all catchy. Usually, the song / dance routine fits well in the scenario without the need to take the characters out of the current scene or scene. I like it, rather than picking them and plunging them into extreme scenery atop a mountain or at the top of jagged rocks on the waterfront. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably did not taken too seriously, but came from Vijay. In the story of Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something a little more decent than ridicule, and that continuity is also a little more cautious. As a blockbuster, I can now begin to understand why the crowds have already avoided this one. Despite Akshay Kumr's flight, Tashan could have been better overall.
