The view of Kareena Kapoor in a two-part bikini is pretty much the only thing that wakes you from sleep while looking at Tashan? the new mega-disappointing and stultifying movie in cinemas this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies and we see them every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. Terrible because its audience takes it for granted, also terrible because filmmakers expect to escape without conspiracy or common sense just because they have big movie stars on board. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what you describe as a road movie, but that goes in all directions. Saif Ali Khan is played by Jimmy Cliff, a call center manager hired to teach English in Bhaiyyaji. Anil Kapoor plays the role of an ambitious gangster in the UP, desperate not to be cool. Jimmy's has an eye on Pooja, the gangster's pretty young assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to defraud his boss of 25 crore rupees. Determined to get his money back and punish Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most trustworthy man to do the job. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the faithful assistant of the Kanpur gangster, who tracks the culprits and recovers the stolen money that is hidden across the country. Like many of those bad stews of the 80s, Tashan is also held back by a worn script centered on a vendetta plot. But the treatment is so exaggerated, so indulgent that it fails to establish any connection. Instead of a coherent scenario or a traditional three-act structure, you get a handful of scenes around which most of the scenes are built roughly. This screaming song in the desert, the action scene avoiding bullets in a Rajasthan fort, the Kareeena bikini moment, and even this ridiculous climate action scene with shaolin monks, a sea scooter crossing a dirty naala and believe it or not, even a tonga driven by horses to the Dhanno. In all honesty, all these pieces are not badly done - the item song in the desert is pretty neat actually - but very little of it makes sense in the bigger picture, because you're just going from one piece to another. the other without any help from the script really. You do not expect that, in a seemingly fast road movie, you'll find an incredibly sentimental flashback piece about childhood lovers. You see the problem with Tashan, nobody is associated with this movie did not know what movie they were doing. Plus, I do not think they did not care either - the movie smelled of arrogance. Tashan is like an overcooked stew. There are movies that kill you softly, and then there is Tashan, a film that kills you to excess. Dazzlingly packaged with brilliant-looking camera work, exotic locales and whimsical costumes, every film mount has likely cost lakhs to assemble, but it still looks like a hollow piece because the story does not hold. Borrowing Tarantino's narrative and Stephen Chow's style do not help either, because they do not blend in with the film's script. We may have complained a bit less if the characters were more appealing, but Anil Kapoor's Hinglish scraping dialogue makes you want to cut your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan searches stupidly in the movie, unable to find his feet. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, queen of exaggerated delivery, does a decent job. But of course, if Tashan is saved to a certain extent, it is thanks to the irresistible presence of Akshay Kumar and his spontaneous approach to the character. You get upset when he puts his crotch aside several times, and you get scared when he pronounces these two-way dialogues, but not for a moment, do not leave the screen of the eyes when he is up there. In spite of the good music of Vishal-Shekhar, the songs seem to only prolong your misery. That's because Tashan puts your patience to the test. In case you do not know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say that this movie does not have one.
