Masters of Horror: The Screwfly solution begins when the United States is infected with a virus in the air that affects the male population, when alert men kill indiscriminately a woman in sight, apparently in the name of God . The scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) was recruited by the government. He knows the situation is already too advanced and he tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to bring their teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) & try to survive because the future of the human race may depend on they ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian-American co-production is episode 7 of season 2 of the Masters of Horrror series, directed by Joe Dante I thought the Screwfly solution was pretty bad. Personally, I think Sam Hamm's screenplay sucks, he takes himself too seriously and I do not really understand why he's in the Masters of Horror series. The horror sought by filmmakers in The Screwfly Solution is in the actual story itself & themes & ideas it evokes rather than the visual horror of the screen, especially the tenuous ecological message it has the intention to poke our throats whenever the opportunity arises for a short period of 60 minutes, which seemed to me to be a problem simply ends on what could easily be construed as a necessity rather than a serious attempt to conclude. Inconsistencies with the story did not please me either, if men only kill when sexually excited, why does the flight attendant break that woman's neck on the plane? Was he sexually excited, I do not think so. Why does every guy think when he kills in the name of God? I just can not see every guy on Earth know the Bible and start believing in God. I find this notion ridiculous. The show also indicates that there is nothing religious about what is going on, so what's wrong with everyone who thinks they have a divine to murder a woman they see? Then there is the fact that people are excited by different things, what about gay people, for example? Will they kill guys instead of women? I know that a brief scene tells a joke about the problem of homosexuals, but it's convenient, but it's also what annoys me the most. The fact that, probably, all the guys on the planet turned into psycho and killed all the women of their daily affairs as if nothing had happened, it was so stupid, the plot is stupid and, to conclude there is an end that seems to be that one. excerpt from a rejected episode of The X-Files (1993 - 2002) with a brilliant alien neon. <br /> <br /> The director Dante on the bill is definitely not in the category "Master of Horror" worried, the story is badly rhythmic, it's so stupid to think that it is played right and mortal and instead of trying to make a horror show, it turns more like a thriller with its deadly virus and the future mother and daughter on the Run because of that, there is very little here in the sense what I would call an effective horror and even less gore. There is a scene where a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a brief scene after which a man stabs his own groin with the bottle and another woman is stabbed in the stomach but there is nothing left to tell. the House. <br /> <br /> Technically, as for the other episodes, it's really good and it does not have the look of a cheap television series, the special effects are great, as usual, is well done. The acting is ok, but no one really stood out. <br /> <br /> The Screwfly solution is by far the worst Masters of Horror episode I've ever seen, but remember that I have not seen them all ... yet. As an autonomous show, he brought me nothing and, as a show of a so-called master of horror, he disappoints me even more.
