Superman II - The Richard Donner Cup should be a fan's dream come true. Finally, the images only visible on photos and scenes that only existed on the printed page finally came to life. A filmmaker unable to carry out his vision would have the opportunity to see his vision restored. This seems to be a winning situation. And then you start looking at this montage of images and you realize that this "esoteric dream" is a nightmare of negligence and incompetence. Although it is quite possible that no film can compete with the perfect finished version that each of us has imagined over the years, it should have been a thrill to finally see this project. And it is only very few times. <br /> <br /> You know the situation is unstable when the very first text on the screen looks like a home computer graphics. But then, we start seeing new images (replacing Superman - The Movie for the trial) and this first hesitation fades. Hey, it's pretty cool! Things are going well for those fleeting moments until we see images of STM intertwined with new effects for this project, and that does not convince at all. And from that moment, it never lets go. It's probably not fair to judge a movie because of bad visual effects, but when this is supposed to be the direct follow-up of a movie whose slogan was "You'll believe a man can fly", it's hard to believe anything shown on the screen here. The best effects are those of the original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this re-cut. A lot of that makes no sense. The only reason everything really works is because we've all seen the theatrical version of Superman II, a film that makes sense. Lester's Superman II fills the holes of this assembly. This may be due in part to the fact that Donner was unable to complete the filming, the other part may be due to the fact that the developers of this project were determined to use as little of Lester material as possible. We end up with a sequence assembly that gives Superman IV a tight and consistent look. <br /> <br /> After viewing this, it is felt that while Lester was faithful and comfortable with Donner's material, Michael Thau and his team were extremely disrespectful to anything was filmed by Lester. The best scenes of The Donner Cut are those raised relatively intact from the final version of Superman II. This includes the sequence of the moon and the dinner sequence, not ironically, both were filmed by Donner. But all the rest of the film shot by Lester is reissued so hastily that Lester now looks like a ham in his hand knows nothing. While Lester honored the Donner material, Lester is here thrown under the bus. <br /> <br /> Is there something good in this version? Well, Marlon Brando is there, and it's nice to see. In fact, watching everything that was shot by Donner is well seen that everything was filmed at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But this only highlights the problems of this version. Any of the major scenes (really just jumping Lois and scenes with Marlon Brando) would have been better served as completed scenes in a deleted scenes section. Instead, they are in an absurd narrative with inferior performances (many alternative takes of familiar scenes are used) sloppy editions and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> Watch the opening scene of the Daily Planet. Why are we looking at Jackie Cooper's back as he calls Lois and Clark? In the end, why did Lois enter her dark apartment, followed by Jackie Cooper and then into a dark bathroom, turning on the light? At first I was confused because I was expecting to see Lois. The whole assembly is filled with questionable choices like this one. <br /> <br /> Battle scenes are also a disaster, with no geography between cuts. It's just a random action. Of course, the major action scenes were shot by Lester and his material is only used to bridge the gap with Donner's next batch of reps or substitutes. They should have used more images of Lester, but they were probably too proud to admit it. <br /> <br /> Negligence also extends to the military missile. As mentioned elsewhere, the missile presented in The Donner Cut is labeled "XK 10", while we all know it is the "XK 101"! A blind man from the STM knows it! The producers of this assembly, who made every effort to honor the original film, dropped the ball in less than five minutes and this error is indicative of the quality of the entire production. Despite all the supposed care that has been taken, the final product has an air of inevitable clumsiness. <br /> <br /> The whole affair would probably be easier to digest if Warner did not make such an event. separate release here in the states. As things stand, we are supposed to pay for what is essentially a bonus disc of deleted scenes with a "read all" option. It's really worth only one visualization so that we can finally see the legendary cinematics, but after this first visualization, I expect it to be an excellent pole of attraction for dust. I know that after seeing this, I had a new respect for Lester's version. This is by no means perfect, but Lester realized the weaknesses of the script that stand out here in relief. He has managed to make a film that has been entertaining for many years and will continue to do so, while this new cut will probably only be remembered as a footnote in the history of this film.
