I thought it was time to let this one go out. Pokémon fans are suffering in America these days. Why? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to provide us with our beloved series and movies. As for the series, they are doing a very good job in bringing the pleasure and magic of Japanese versions to television. So what's their problem when it comes to movies? Honestly now, I saw the three Pokémon movies in Japanese and I will definitely see the fourth one. These are great movies. They are all nice and fun to watch. And after watching Pokémon 2000 in theaters, I wonder how these American producers read Japanese scripts. From the way it appears, it seems that they read and see something that says "Insert an empty morality here" in big bold-faced letters. It seems that is the case, because they used the same dubbing methods they used on MSB (extreme sarcasm) and created this shit. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers from now on * <br /> <br /> Well, I guess I should first talk about Pikachu's Rescue Adventure. My first complaint with this came without narration. I guess they received enough bad comments about the Pokédex storytelling that affected Pikachu's holiday. Instead of speaking with a caring and gentle female voice, as appeared in Pikachu no Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they cut the narrative together. It would not have been a problem except for one thing. Did anyone really understand why the Exeggcute did not let Togepi go all the way? Maybe the fans, but I'm sure not the parents. Then there is the theme song. I could not help but roll my eyes at this one. The Japanese theme song was `Tankentai wo Tsukurou 'and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This one: nauseating. Now, one of my favorite parts of the short film was the dancing Kireihana. Good music, fun to watch. That changed with the Bellossom. The music was nil, but in addition, they had all the talk about Pokémon during the music, which turned out to be nervous, annoying and just useless. Oh, and then there's the Poliwhirl who thinks he's a Poliwrath. You would think that the guys who work with these characters would at least always learn what they are. Basically, nothing could save this little dub unfortunate, which is very unfortunate given its potential. But I have not touched on the worst yet. <br /> <br /> One would think that the warning signs would have been obvious to me when I received my Nintendo Power number. For an unfathomable reason, I believed in 4Kids and the WB. My thoughts were "good, they ruined everything on the first movie, but the second is different in terms of the theme, so they should be successful." With that in mind, I simply did not pay attention to the warning signals I encountered in theaters when the trailers said, "You will believe that one person can make all the difference." With the way they said that, I was hoping it would not turn into a moral feast, as MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, in which I see all my fears come to fruition with the words "the main characteristic", "The power of one". At this point, I became a little more worried. "The power of one ?!" Not a good sign. However, I still kept some of my false faith. Big mistake. <br /> <br /> Sitting at the theater, I literally had stomach cramps when I watched another movie that I loved being transformed into a complete junk in Japanese. I hear comments that say it was better because morality was more subtle. I can see a point in this sense since they do not dress this thing, repeating it again and again as in MSB. However, he did more damage than anything else in this movie. First, the legend that has been read all along has been slightly changed to read "The world is turning to Ash." Ah hah. So, Ash is the chosen one? It does not matter. In the Japanese version, the people of Arshia needed a Pokémon coach to carry out their traditional ceremony. This time, it's the chosen one. Lugia had more trouble doing damage. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in the movie Pokémon .... when this movie was ABOUT Lugia. In this one, Lugia is forced to give way to Ash. In the scene where they return to the main island, Lugia and Ash discuss the conditions of its existence, but Ash will not make all the difference. Overall, in this category, Ash was not really the "person" who would make the difference, many having helped him through the process. <br /> <br /> Many other aspects are rather disturbing. . The song for Furura's flute was not as sweet and enjoyable as the Japanese song. Jirarudan's speech told them that his collection "started with a Mew card?" Ugh. Worse still, Misty's outrage was about the way Moltres and Zapdos were being held. `Why did not you put them in Pokeballs when you caught them? It's like putting them in cages to be displayed. 'What is much different from moaning about him thinking that Pokémon are collectible things like stamps. If there were real values ​​that bought that, they came from Team Rocket. Some pretty funny lines. Not really to make me laugh with laughter, but more to make me laugh and slightly relieve the pains in my stomach. Well, it was officially the last American Pokemon movie I'm going to see. I imported the third and found it very nice. I would rather not see another Japanese movie being ruined in the same way as the first two. I will import the fourth too. Forget you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You abandoned me for the last time.
