OK, so I hear about the release of the new movie Justin Timberlake, which features very big names. I'm talking about great actors like The Freeman, aka Morgan Freeman, an asset for Hollywood, even if he's completely lost in this movie. We then had Kevin Spacey, whom I've been a big fan since I watched American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. These two big actors probably signed for the film, thinking it would be a good movie as I did when I heard the story. Then enter a new Justin Timberlake face. I say new face because it's his first film and these rotten tomatoes have not hit him yet. I would add that the reason is that no one will see this movie or read it. The movie is so terrible that when I walked in the first 15 minutes. The characters were so one-dimensional that some characters in the Bible resemble Don Corleone. They had linings and stuff worthy of a full-bodied sound. The troubled black pledge (LL COOL J) who is with a gorgeous woman to whom he would not even have his place in real life. The captain is that little whiny guy who speaks so loudly. And what a crappy movie would be complete without the hero getting rich through an experiment. Oh, and a lot of shots, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NOT !!!) The kind of gun that leaves all members of the police dead and the hero wins. They have flamethrowers and rocket launchers, really no kidding. <br /> <br /> In short, if you want to see Edison, it's because you're a big fan of one of the actors, or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, all the 13-year-old girls down, enjoy! I would have liked to have more hands, because then I would have more thumbs, because this movie is so terrible because I could give it so many inches that it does not mean anything anymore because this movie is so terrible because it really sucks that it made me laugh out of frustration about the script because it just would not end, because the firing and howling was still happening. <br /> <br /> CAN G * D HAVE MERCURY FOR US and save us from these terrible movies. Well, it could be worse, another terrible GNB actor turned singer turned terrible actor is the usher, he checks IN THE MIX lol, or even get rich or die trying. " Now, the peculiarity of this film is that it has men over 30, playing teens 16 years old or even younger. I could go on with these.
