Hollywood's misguided obsession with the suites has resulted in more failures than successes. For every "Godfather II" there are dozens of "More American Graffiti's", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's". Although the original film "Grease" is not a good movie, the 1977 adaptation of Broadway's famous hit contains 60's evocative songs, energetic choreography and appealing cast. When Paramount started working on a follow up, the producers stayed almost empty on all aspects that made the original a blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for moviegoers, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and obviously learned to read scripts before signing contracts. Her talent and beauty were already evident, and Pfeiffer seems to be embarrassed by the humiliating routines of dance and the airless songs she is forced to play. Maxwell Caulfield, however, lacks even the skill to express embarrassment, and his emotions range from numbness to catatonic. What romantic interest, beyond hormones, cool impertinent Pfeiffer could he have in Caulfield stalemate? This dull mystery will last long after Luau's wacky finale fades into a bad memory. Only veteran cameos such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar are witty, although Lorna Luft slightly exceeds the lame material. <br /> <br /> Critics have complained that "Grease 2" is still compared to the original, the film is missing. However, even taken on its own terms, the movie is a twister. After a frenzied opening, which obviously exhausted the whole distribution, the energy dissipates. With a few exceptions, the original songs do not look much like the early 1960s and the only nostalgia mentioned is "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour". The jokes fall flat and the choreography of a film directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is awkward to be polite. However, worse films have been inflicted on the public, and inept suites will be made as long as producers are looking to make a lot of money by releasing blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not even funny inadvertently. Instead, the film captures the viewer's attention as a bad train wreck. At the very moment when all the bodies seem to have been found, the next scene plunges into even worse carnage.
