Well, at least my theater troupe did it, lol. So of course, I remember watching Grease since I was little, although it was never my favorite musical or story, it still has a special place in my heart because it's always a lot of fun to watch. I heard horrible things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided to never watch it, but my boyfriend told me it was not that bad and my friend agreed. So I decided to try it, but I called them and just laughed. First, the plot is totally stolen from the beginning and it was not very clever, not to mention the fact that they used the same characters, but with different names and actors. Tell me, how did the Pink Ladies and T-Birds go on years after the old gangs left? Not to mention the creator's face, his motorcycle nemesis, what a striking resemblance to the characters in the first movie and these T-Birds was just stupid and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Another year in Rydell and the music and dance did not stop. But when a new student, Sandy's cousin, enters the scene, he is struck with love by a pink lady, Stephanie. But she must stick to the code that only Pink Ladies must stick to T-Birds. The new student then decides to train as a T-Bird to win his heart. So, he disguises himself as a motorcycle rebel bandit who knows how to fly and defeat the bad bikers to easily kick him. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is or will she find out for herself? Discover it for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 is like an idiot TV series that did not work. The band did not click as well as the first Grease, not to mention the return of Frenchy, it was a bit stupid and incredible, because I thought she was a graduate of Rydell, but apparently she did not made. The songs were not really catchy; I'm glad Michelle was able to bounce back so fast, but it's probably because she was the only one with talent in this silly little sequel, I would not really recommend this movie unless you're curious, but I warn you, this is just a pathetic attempt at more money from the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
