Despite the constraints of budget and time related to mass production, BATMAN AND ROBIN nevertheless occupies a place at the bottom of the list of "cliffhanger", totally missing the style, imagination and atmosphere of its predecessor, BATMAN. <br /> <br /> The producer, Sam Katzman, was dubbed the "king of rapids" and, like his director Spencer Bennett, seemed more concerned with speed and efficiency than with excitement. (Unfortunately, this team has also produced Superman's two soap operas, starring Kirk Alyn, with their flying animations, canned music, and dull supporters.) The beginning of each chapter offers a taste of things to come : completely alienated titles ("Robin Rescues Batman", "Batman vs. Wizard"), mechanical music sounds, and our two heroes stumbling towards the camera, looking around, confused or having trouble seeing through their masks. Halloween cheap. Batman's hood, with the devil's horns and eagle's beak, goes so badly that the stuntman has to adjust it during battle scenes. His "utility belt" is a crumpled rag with no compartments, in which he always manages to fire a torch and an oxygen tube at critical moments! <br /> <br /> Be that as it may, the main protagonists are misinterpreted. Robert Lowery displays little charm or individual talent as Bruce Wayne and does not represent a particularly dynamic character as a Batman. It creates the impression that he would prefer to be somewhere, nowhere else! John Duncan, as Robin, has great difficulty managing his limited dialogue. He is too old for the role, with an even older stuntman replacing him. Without a suit, Lowery and Duncan are as excited as tired businessmen having a drink, without an ounce of obvious chemistry between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 soap opera. <br /> Although soap operas do not not known for the development of the characters, BATMAN has managed to present a more energetic cast. This one suggests to a group to review the movements, without the filmmakers providing a lot of support. None of the thugs stand out, and they are led by one of the most annoying villains of all time, "The Wizard". (Big name!) In fact, they are led by someone who wears a curtain, a shawl and a bag over his head, with a doubled voice that desperately tries to sound threatening. The "main suspects" - an eccentric teacher, a broadcaster - are simply boring. <br /> <br /> Even the established cartoon, "the regulars", is superfluous. It's hard to discern much romance between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne. Despite the perils she faces, Vicki feels almost no emotion. Commissioner Gordon is not too bright. Unlike the previous series, Alfred the Butler is a simple walker whose most important line is "Mr. Wayne's residence". They are the accessories of an incoherent plot, loaded with gimmick, with uninspired and repetitive music and an amateur production design. The exterior of the Wayne Manor resembles a mid-class suburban home in any sitcom, the interiors of a cheap roadside motel. Batcave is an office that desperately needs to be renovated. (The costumes are stored in a binder!) <br /> <br /> Too bad the filmmakers can invest more effort in creating a thrilling adventure. Although the availability of both series on DVD is an advantage for any serious "Batfan", do not be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box. They capture more the authentic atmosphere of the comic than the 15 chapters combined of BATMAN AND ROBIN. <br /> <br /> Now, good news, this is not the 1997 version!
