Flight of Fury begins when General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial test flight of the X-77, a new stealth fighter capable of becoming invisible. General Barnes entrusts the work to his best pilot, Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) and everything goes well until the disappearance of the X-77, even more literally than Barnes wanted, while Ratcher carried it to the north of Afghanistan and delivered it to a terrorist group known as Black Sunday led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use the X-77 to fly into the American sky without being detected and drop bombs that will many victims. General Barnes worries about the loss of his plane and sends an army soldier, John Sands (co-writer and executive producer Steven Seagal) to pick him up and kill all the bad guys in the process ... > <br /> This American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch. This is the third film in which he directed Seagal after the equally appalling Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007). Fortunately, someone decided that the partnership was not a working and unsuspecting public was happily spared any new collaboration between the two. Apparently, Flight of Fury is a remake of Black Thunder (1988), almost in scenes, starring Michael Dudikoff. Many characters share the same name, so the same dialogue can be used without the same leaders having to change things like names though I must admit that I have never seen Black Thunder and so I can not compare the two. Flight of Fury is a terrible film, the time-consuming and written waste of time in which Seagal specializes nowadays. It's boring even if it's not so slow, the character is poor, it's full of clichés, things happen randomly, the plot is poor, the reasoning behind the events does not exist & c is a very lazy production in that it has never convinced the viewer that they are anywhere near Afghanistan or that appropriate military procedures are followed. The action scenes are lame and there is no real excitement, the bad guys are boring, no more than the heroes and that's where the worst Seagal was made. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury seems to be largely made up of archival footage that is not even as well matched, the background can change, people's clothes change, the area changes, the sky and quality of the film change very abruptly, because it is quite obvious that we are watching other clips (better) In this movie, Seagal never passes close to a plane. The action scenes consist of shootings so badly mounted that it is difficult to say who is who and of course Seagal breaks the arms of the peoples. All production seems very cheap and of poor quality. <br /> <br /> The IMDb estimates that its budget was about 12 000 000 USD, which, in my opinion, is a total waste. I mean, if so, where did all this money go? Although unfolding in Afghanistan, which is an arid desert torn by war, Flight of Fury seems to have been filmed in the woods of my region, it was shot in Romania and the Romanian countryside is not convincing. The acting game is terrible, as expected, and Seagal has once again doubled its appearance. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a horrendous, boring, amateurish action movie that is in any case almost an on-stage remake of another movie. Another really lazy and badly produced action thriller from Seagal, why does not it bother me anymore?
