Following the terrible Force of attack, it was likely that Seagal could only progress with Flight Of Fury. Preventing the attack force would take time. Flight Of Fury is a clear improvement overall, but remains in the grand scheme of thinking, mediocre. Mediocrity is apparently a feat for Seagal nowadays, a sad glimpse of the decline of his film career. Where Attack Force was a mishmash of radically altered plot lines, from design to filming, to post-production, Flight Of Fury simplifies the plot. Someone steals a high-tech stealth fighter and plans to use it to fire with chemical weapons (which we will discover later, which is bizarre, will destroy the world in 48 hours). Seagal must recover the plane. It's as simple as that, no annoying sub-plot, and conspiracies that weigh on the film like too many of his recent works. That does not mean suddenly that the story is good, it's pretty poor. The introduction of secondary characters is poorly made for example. <br /> <br /> In filmic terms, FOF is bad. He is badly handled by all involved and Seagal seems almost bored to tears. He has just resembled an infant who has been forced to execute the birth of his school against his will and who does so with a constant grin and an air of half-assent. Can we blame Seagal when the matter is so unambitious and so raw? Not really. This is the last film of his multi-image contract from Castel Studio. Producers should not bother to do anything mediocre, promising a budget of about $ 12 million and (after the mandatory payment of $ 5 million Seagal) probably pocketing much of the film themselves ( If the film was shot for the remaining 7 million, then I'm Elvis Pressley!). So, in this respect, why should Seagal invest its efforts in a film whose distribution has already been sorted before being made? However, Fan can argue, he owes them at least the effort. He looks seriously jaded, and the continued use of dubbing and dubbing is another indication. Michael Keusch achieves with some efficiency, while cinematography is pretty good, but in all technical fields (and as usual with Castel, a classic stuntwoman), there is nothing more than mediocrity and nothing for help the film to overcome its material, and bored main man. Again, there are some action scenes featuring characters other than Seagal, which we really do not want to see. <br /> <br /> Overall, the action is not so bad. It's fun and violent, and on occasion we got some brutal beatings from Seagal, but overall nothing special. Partly because of a poor team of stuntmen and lack of time to film things that are too complex or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a nicer movie because, while ignoring the incoherent and confusing plot, there were more Seagal moments of the day, and more of it at the center of the stage. He never disappeared for long periods during the movie. Seagal disappears oddly during an action scene and reappears after, without explanation. There are far too many footage used. The use of stock shots is not quite a horrible thing, but using it as a crutch is. We are treated to innumerable shots of warships all the time, which become boring. In addition, the continuity of archive images is ubiquitous (just check funds, cut and change). <br /> <br /> The movie is right in the middle of the road. That said all the fact that the best movie scene is a girl scene to girl totally useless and free, with two sexy babes. Seagal gets ready even briefly then too! Overall, this is perhaps one of the best actors based on recording footage, but that does not say much. This will please many fans, but they must keep in mind that Seagal himself will probably want to forget about the existence of this one. **
