Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality himself, is this time the greatest stealth pilot in the United States to whom a promise of forgiveness from the army (.. who tried to crush his memory early of the film for which he escaped interrupting a gang of thieves during a shoot-out at a gas station) if he manages to successfully infiltrate a terrorist base in northern Afghanistan run by a group called Black Sunday , who requisitioned a stealth fighter from the Air Force thanks to an American traitor. Along with another pilot admiring the traitor Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly to enemy territory and will receive the help of his Arab mistress Jessica (Ciera Payton) and a freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David). they are on earth. Jannick is kidnapped by Black Sunday leaders Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his wife Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must find a way to not only take over the kidnapped stealth fighter's command but also to save him. And, perhaps, Sands will be able to avenge himself for the traitor he formed, rather (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sands has 72 hours until a general's naval pilots bomb the entire region. On board the stealth, Black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb in the hope of blowing it up in the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal has the ability to shoot Afghans without cutting their throats with knives. The film is mainly composed of machine guns and dead bodies. The situation in Afghanistan is not at hand (nor with the ease with which Seagal and his companions can move without being spotted in the area) and the plot itself is not bright. The film is edited quickly, the camera is a little too jerky. Seagal is no longer as active a hero as in the past and his action scenes are very up to date. We have trouble seeing him defeat his enemies, unlike the good old days. One of Seagal's mediocre efforts, and he's as discreet as ever (... not a compliment). What is even more disappointing is that Seagal never fights hand-to-hand with the main villains of the film, it's a shame. He does not even slap a wrist or visibly break his neck (although we see a slight resemblance to a swaying tool, but it's not such a clear picture that I appreciate because the directors have montages as fast and close-ups dizzying).
