It has been said, "a city on a hill can not hide" and Virginia City, Nevada, perched on the side of the mountain. Davidson at 6,200 feet west of Tahoe is a prime example, or in the context of the film, should be. Virginia City exploded in the American dream in the form of rain of gold and silver, suspiciously the very year of the beginning of the civil war. It was the birthplace of the doyen of American letters; it was there that a young journalist named Samuel Clemens began using the name "Mark Twain" and became the most famous writer in the United States. It was also the birthplace of Hearst's great fortune and the launch pad of John Mackay, who became America's richest man, the richest third man in the world. Hey, they should have done the movie on him! In the 1860s, the city of Virginia was the burgeoning city of all cities, the home of the great bonanza, at one time the largest "metropolitan" area west of St. Louis and east from San Francisco. But Virginia City (the film) misses all this and speaks rather of a dumb duety North / South between the characters interpreted by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a Union officer who is a prisoner of war in a concentration camp led by a Confederate commander, Captain Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two are still getting in the way. Bradford escapes and then attempts to prevent a shipment of gold bullion from being "removed" from VC by anyone other than. . . Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here !?" Horrible. Bogart plays a laughable Mexican bandit who can not decide who he is. Miriam Hopkins plays a troubled character named "Julia Hayne", obviously a historical loophole in the city's first lady, Julia Bulette, who in real life is a famous prostitute. She goes to Washington and discusses with Honest Abe the need to save BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging and blah blah blah. Go understand. They should hang the writer. In the "real life", Twain reports that on the last day of the war, the setting sun caused the American flag at the top of the mountain. Davidson appears to perplexed residents as strangely on fire, much like the movie. Three days later, they discovered that that day, the South had surrendered. An interesting feature in the film is how acolytes Alan Hale and Guin Williams throw their pistols forward when firing, as if they are fishing or trying to make the balls go faster. Not a bad idea for the movie. The same kind of nonsense is foamed on the sap and corn throughout the film. Gosh, how could they miss the madness of gold, the disproportionate wealth, the gunfights in the silver mines, Mark Twain get out of the city and get beaten up after a confrontation, the tortuous railroad , the fire of the Opera, Artemis Ward, the funeral of Bulette, the Chinese tongs, the black saloons, the auction. . ? All this high on a mountain surrounded by desert? The truth was unreal. Did its fabulous wealth actually unleash the great American holocaust? Well, if you count this film, it would not be the first debacle out of Virginia City. This is a disappointment for fans of Virginia City, because they miss what has made the city a "city of illusions", where it is said that the evil seeps out of the ground. . . Ok, other than that, it's a funny movie. Flynn and the gang are always great, no matter what story they destroy. If Flynn just plays rotten, I'll double my note.
