Hyper-cheerfulness of the 50s more hysterical with wide-eyed eyes that gives a new meaning to pathological antisocial behavior. Danza and Grayson will let you beg. <br /> <br /> It is unfortunate that all the people who participated in the making of this film are now dead (or in retirement homes). I thought about suing them for torture. As this movie began to unleash its shameless and aggressive opera onslaught on my poor, defenseless eardrums, I felt instantaneously, intense pain invading it with all my being. This fucking muscle vibrato can break Soviet tanks into tiny shards of glass. Too bad for the glass. <br /> <br /> "Why did not you switch channels if you did not like it?", could you ask angrily. Good point, good point ... The answer is that I wanted to, but the pain was so sudden and atrocious that I fell to the ground, writhing in pain. With my last ounces of energy, I tried to reach the remote but could not. <br /> <br /> Niven discovers a stupid little fisherman with dubious talent to sing with an annoying operatic voice. "Pigment" him. Lanza is in love with the asymmetrical Grayson, but she scorns him scornfully until they finally connect. It may sound like a rather thin plot, but this noisy movie is so full of songs and music that there is almost no dialogue. This film is RELENTLESS. Forget the torture on hippies and prisoners of war with Slayer's "Reign In Blood" (as in an episode of South Park). Whatever the little talk among the stupid adults that infest this strange musical world of the 50s, everything is infantile - as if they were all 6 years old and imitating adults. I can only envy people who find movies like this one funny. It must be great to be easy to satisfy: what a world of wonder would open to me if only I could enjoy an old stupid gag as a hilarious and heartbreaking comedy. <br /> <br /> But let's take a look at this phenomenon, the 1950s musical. My best guess is that the musicals of the 1950s offered the dreamiest idealists of us a glimpse of Utopia or Heaven (depending on whether you go to Lenin's church or tomb), or at least a very nerdy version of these fantasy inspired places. TTONO looks more like a representation of hell, but it's just me. I do not seem to "have" musicals People talk, there's a story - but suddenly everyone starts to sing for about 4 minutes, after which they suddenly calm down, then pretend as if nothing unusual had happened! When you think about it, musicals are stranger than any science fiction movie. Worse yet, TTONO (my favorite pizza type, by the way) is not just a 1950s musical, but one with opera screams. Opera is proof that overexpression of a voice exists, to the point of becoming a hearing instrument rather than a means of providing pleasure to the listener. The clearest example of this parody is when Lanza and Grayson unite their Dark Side vocal powers to form a truly unbearable duo. I tried to turn down the volume. I lowered it from 18 to 14 years, then from 14h to 10h. Then 8h. I ended up lowering it to 1, which is usually so low that only specially trained dogs and certain types of marsupials hear it, and yet I stay could hear these two bawling like donkeys! <br /> <br /> Take the stage in the small boat in the river. Danza starts with one of his deafening tunes and kills the brain, then ... nothing. No animals anywhere to be seen. Even the crocodiles, who are mostly deaf, are all gone. If you look closely, you may even notice that the trees change color from green to yellow in minutes. No, it was not a mistake of continuity, it was an old and ancient torture of flora. And these trees were just matte paintings! Imagine how real trees would have reacted. <br /> <br /> The reason the glass breaks when a high C is thrown at the overweight belly of an opera crier is not due to the laws of physics relating to waves and the frequency, but because the glass is only human, it does not require much pain before committing suicide by self-explosion. I can listen for hours to the noisiest, least sympathetic death metal band, but just give me a soprano and my head hurts a lot.
