Totally ridiculous. If you know anything about poker, you will find it absolutely horrendous but also entertaining because it is so clueless. The nerd who made this movie is obviously very religious and knows a little poker game, but I doubt he has ever played above 3-6. (I think he does not know golf either.) Where to start. I have seen better productions in the introductory cinema class. The actors to watch in this film are the queen mom, Scotty Nguyen and the loser who can never win poker. Everyone is as wooden as he is, like bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The man with whom the film begins with the opening sequence is the only reason the film was shot. He is a railroad smuggler who does not play poker and never has a line of dialogue, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the film. I can not think of a waste of money more useless than this man who spends for this useless production. It is normal that he played such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on unnecessary side characters whose intrigues are not resolved at all. The queen mom has a stage show where she throws her losing boyfriend through a window and tries to shoot her brains. In addition, the nameless Arabs of the convenience store also perform brilliantly when they wonder if they should hit or kill an older woman who steals them. Their subtle performances are easily among the highlights of the film. One wonders why they took the trouble to play this role to all these whites. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, a complete nonsense. The plane 9 of outer space has slightly more coherence. If you play poker, you might want to laugh. In addition, if you are a Christian, you will enjoy the hard-fisted religious conversation that spices the film like a useless pepper. I hate movies made by religious. Especially those who think they know something about things they do not know anything about. It is unfortunate that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen got involved in this parody because I can not help but think about it. They must be envious of Johnny Chan for being in the Rounders.
