Let's enter the world of this film for a second so that you can better understand the type of film we are dealing with here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid movies where the villain and his henchmen let 50,000 bullets fire on the guy behind the walls and pillars, yell at them, then finally get to the guy in face to face and instead of killing him ...... instead of losing that guy who caused you so much grief .... instead of just walking and POP! ..... What are you doing? The bad guy ..... he talks to her. He catches the good guy and talks to him while holding his gun. THEY HAVE NOTHING TO TALK! DEGLINGUE THE! SHOW IT NOW! But he talks to her anyway. Oh, something else. At the end, a newspaper announces "THE HISTORY OF THE PULITZER AWARD WINNER", or something quite above the front page of a paper, as if it were the first time the story is printed. So, how did someone get a Pulitzer for that so fast? Yes, you know these types of stupid movies? Yes, that's Edison in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> You have Mr. Cool Morgan Freeman and his fierce interlocutor, Kevin Spacey, who both phones in their role, LL Cool J, who literally gives up every moment of the film, while proposing to his girlfriend in a hell of a nightclub of all places, and that is the last line, "Duck", looks like a movie like a deadly weapon that has never been shot ... and Justin Timberlake moaning and spewing nonsense Whenever he speaks, arrogant little bastard The only good thing was a crazy Dylan McDermott who made his best impression of "Denzel from Training Day", which was rather amusing. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, so what's the movie about? Uh, something about scandals involving the city, the police force of the fictitious special unit of Edison called "FRAT (I swear I'm not inventing anything like this)", which was supposed to be an obvious game of SWAT Anyway, the little singer of journalist super singer Justin Timberflake After a murder involving two plainclothes policemen from FRAT, he rushes in search of a story and gains the trust of his boss (Freeman) along the way, while discovering something bigger and more sinister than they both thought. It's as if a pelican bootleg slip meets a day of serene training. The pace was slow and slow, the scenario was horrible and the acting was extremely devoid of inspiration. He was jumping everywhere without going anywhere. People are put in a coma and you forget them Everyone in this movie just did not think. Damn, what a stupid movie. It's harder and harder to write a review, because the movie left my brain the second it ended ... No lies Basically, DO NOT waste your time!
