They must give this pattern to all aspiring filmmakers who arrive at the Hollywood bus station. They then fill in the blanks and place their story in the city or urban ghetto from which they have just arrived. You know exactly what this film is about in the foreground, four young boys playing sluggish slow motion, accompanied by a narration. The next stop after the bus station should be to buy a footage of four young boys playing sluggish idle. Once they grow up, it's easy to spot the author / director among the four. It is the silent, contemplative, long-haired who is never seen without his composition book nested in his pants. That means his writing talent will be his Hickville ticket to Hollywood. Only there is no writing or talent on the screen. And if you still do not know who he is, here is a clue: the author and his character have the same name. It took more than an hour to understand that these men in their twenties were supposed to be still in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, the director turned out to be the director. Once again, the poor misunderstood rebel can make his mark on the murder and looting of everyone in the film, but is unable to stand up to his alcoholic father. How about retaliating, small, like everyone else? Many fight scenes with no apparent purpose. It's a bad dialogue. Many badly blurred scenes. Cartoon characters continue to appear as little players and extras, causing unintentional laughter from the audience. Overacting to the extreme. And if you do not quite understand the important speeches or slow-motion scenes, just listen to the invading music. This will tell you what you are supposed to feel. Poor Marisa Ryan has to accumulate many miles of frequent travelers as she travels across the country to work in these amateur regional films. The greatest sin is that the public is supposed to be sympathetic to children who slaughter old ladies, topple puppies chained to a tree, steal and steal, while complaining of their sad and desolate life. But if only we could get out of this city hick and go to college. Yes, it's the ticket. Why does a filmmaker in his twenties believe that his life is so important, so interesting, that the world can not wait to see it on screen? If this film is as autobiographical as it seems, then the author would do well to look over his shoulder police carrying fugitive warrants.
