It's a well-known story about a man who gets married to escape the executioner's flaw, then begins to "tame" his reluctant wife. He manages to be sexist and racist exactly at the same time. We never discover, for example, why a woman who has earned the respect of an Indian warrior is totally unable to fight against her former husband. Or why are members of her team so eager to have a "real man" on the saddle when she seems to have taken care of her own business. It only made sense in the 1950s in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> There is a really stupid scene in which she makes him a horse and he catches the whip - the second time - then pulls her horse. Never mind that the first time would probably have lost an eye, which would make it very difficult to take this whip! Then, he wins in his fight against his Indian bodyguard where he passes the first two thirds to be beaten. It's a second wind. Later, he negotiates successfully with bloodthirsty Indians (as they are all in these films) after rejecting it, she is now his "squaw". It does not matter if he has no diplomatic competence and has been negotiating with them for years. And the way he does not stop rejecting his attempts to seduce him just to keep her alive and prevent him from catching him - yes, all right. As if the women were throwing themselves on him all along the way. <br /> <br /> Finally, none of the main roles are convincing in their roles. Madison is just a fool who has an unrealistic chance. Fleming shakes his hair and frowns a lot, but is totally unconvincing as a tomboy. The only reason you're rooting for her is because you want to see Madison being tied to a fleeing horse and dragged down a cliff before the movie ends. The way Madison tames Fleming is so predictable and so few obstacles that it irritates you to the point if you see women other than as inflatable dolls. Even if you see them as dolls, the total lack of suspense will bother you. <br /> <br /> Total loss of time. Even the landscape is a little dull. Give this one a big miss.
