When Sam Peckinpah's superlative, THE WILD BUNCH (1969), opened the door to outrageous displays of ultra-violent graphic cinematography, he did so with a talented hand (if marinated with whiskey) guiding the camera. but in no time many imitators have fallen away from the reference established by the epic of Peckinpah, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely falls into this category. <br /> <br /> SOLDIER BLEW, BLUE tells the story of fault Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen) is a blonde proto-hippie who was "saved" from two years of "captivity" among the Cheyenne and who is now sent to a fort where she will be reunited with the bride she alone wants to marry for her money. On the wagon in which she travels, there is also a cargo of gold from the government, which allows the Cheyenne to buy firearms; thus, in order, the soldiers are exterminated and Cresta fled into the hills, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), the only surviving horseman. Called Gant by the nickname snarky "Soldier Blue", Cresta demonstrates that his years with the "wild" were well spent, ahead of Gant for his skills in survival, common sense and pure ball, and on their journey to the fort , they had to persevere the elements, a band of hostile Kiowa, an unscrupulous trader ?? played by Donald Pleasance, giving here one of his most ridiculous performances, and that says a lot? and, in the tradition of many previous Western romantic comedies, mutually. <br /> <br /> During their misadventures, the two opposites are inevitably ?? and predictable ?? attracted to each other and end up getting it ?? while Gant has a freshly treated bullet wound that has passed his leg, no less ?? in what was surely the only cave well-situated for a radius of at least twelve kilometers and not filled with rattlesnakes, mountain lions, or who knows what, to say nothing of the Cheyenne, who would have could do something really appealing with such a primo apartment (there I go, thinking of New York real estate terms yet). <br /> <br /> Realizing that their love could never blossom out of the cave, Cresta leaves Gant and goes to the fort alone to discover that the moron in charge will not spare a couple of men to do Glove rescue; the regiment needs all the available personnel to launch an attack on the nearby village of Cheyenne, and once Cresta gets wind of it, it passes by its extremely unpleasant future husband and heads straight for Cheyenne to warn him of the future. <br /> <br /> What happens next is what earned the film its infamy; it turns out that all the wacky adventures and quarrels were just the beginning of a terrible reconstruction of the Sand Creek massacre of 1864, an orgy of rape, torture and general sadistic crimes perpetrated in the name of "cleanliness". from the country". and nearly forty years after its release, this sequence still disturbs and causes the nausea of ​​its cruelty. Children are trampled under the hooves of the load horses or impaled with the bayonet, unarmed people are decapitated ?? a nice effect, I must admit? women are undressed and beaten by gangs of bullies, then raped and mutilated? in a really disgusting case, a naked aboriginal woman is fighting too hard for her rapist to decide to cut her breasts, which fortunately we only see at the beginning, before the camera recounts another ugly act ?? and dozens of innocents are shot and dismembered, their parts impaled on pikes and agitated as part of a victorious celebration or preserved as the most macabre of memories. No kidding, this scene would instantly get an NC-17 rating if it were released today, not to mention the possibility of inciting Native American interest groups to go wild on the streets because of the incredibly exploitative way in which atrocities are described. <br /> <br /> I'm totally in favor of Westerners who are not afraid to honestly describe how the West has been conquered or stolen, but this film has no idea what type of film it wants be; one minute is a heavy pseudo-hippie talk about how the treatment of the natives has been totally erased (well, DUH!), then it's a carefree joke between two genders in which Cresta does five times more more evidence than Gant and manages to look hot in his delicious red calico poncho (no underwear), but that everything goes over the window when Donald Pleasance comes with a hilarious pair of hilarious (?) and our heroes must understand how to escape from its deadly clutches in a sub-plot that goes nowhere, which all culminates in the aforementioned apocalyptic climax. Any of these turnarounds would have been acceptable for a consistent film, but the end result is a total mess that betrayed the horrors of its last ten minutes for all they were worth in promoting the film and in the images of its posters. <br /> <br /> But trying to be everything for all audiences, SOLDIER BLUE ends up being an incoherent stew and preached Mulligan, presumed of good political will, but if they were going to tell the story of Sand Creek Massacre, would not it have been a good idea to have Indian characters who were more than pedestrians with Murphy Brown as spokesperson? We know absolutely nothing about people who have been exterminated just for what appears to be a crude ploy to get gorehound moviegoers to see "the wildest movie in history." If, like me, you've been intrigued by the provocative announcements and critics that are almost endlessly raining on him for his "audacity to say it as he was", take my word for it and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly blend into the darkness of the cinema.
