Even though I had no idea what to expect from this movie, it was certainly not what I had imagined, something had come to my mind. Once I heard about it, all I knew was that I had to own a movie called Please Do not Eat The Babies. Unfortunately, I could only find one copy under its alternative title, Island Fury. Looking back, I guess I could call it a loss-at-a-loss situation. On the one hand, I'm still not known to be the owner of a film called Please Do not Eat The Babies, and on the other side, Island Fury would ultimately prove to be a horrible, useless, boring, unassailable trash . Yes, definitely lose-lose. <br /> <br /> I do not even know what kind of music they will have here. Just in the early 80's, with a flashback that could actually be longer than non-flashback. First, two teenage girls are being chased by two bad guys. Once captured, the bad guys tell us that one of the girls has a piece on a string, around the neck, and in a way, these bad guys know a lot. more of these hidden pieces on an island somewhere. And that's where things start to get strange. In a way, these guys are aware of the girls' trip to an island a few years ago when they were only 10 years old. I guess that means girls need to know exactly where this so-called treasure is. is. So, now, we are in the past, as the girls try to retrace their steps, so that these bad guys do not kill them, though, that would not have bothered me. In the flashback, their 10-year-old counterparts are on a boat trip with their sisters and boyfriends, eventually stopping on an island to get some fresh air, they find themselves mingled with a kid and his killer grandparents . Any potential suspense or reason to keep looking never shows up, but the flashback was undeniably better than the present, which, despite everything, does not say much. <br /> <br /> For a moment, I had forgotten the word original story, At one point, I thought the director might have too, and when the flashback would end, it would be the end, which would have worked for me since this disappointment would have been half an hour shorter. This useless movie in a useless movie ends up, and real things happen, but it's stupid. I guess I did not expect exactly a movie with children to be devoured, or anything like that, but I was expecting a weird form of entertainment, mostly a confusing, incompetent, unsure narrative kind. My advice would be to look for something worthwhile like Attack Of The Beast Creatures. If you wish, I would recommend this one only to serious collectors of B-movies that must have them all. Anyone else is likely to have brain damage. What really makes me feel is that I still do not know why they call it "Please, do not eat babies." 3/10
