When a film of a book seems useless and incomprehensible, the cause can be invariably found in the book: either it was useless to start, or the point is not easily transmitted to the film, or the film missed the point, which is the most common of these results, and the easiest to obtain, especially when the point is hard to define. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; every reader of the book must have felt that, and felt as if he had had it; but I suspect that most of them could not express it in words. I'm not sure I can do it myself, but maybe it is, or something like that: things go, go, it's life, but we keep going; or at least some of us - people like Morvern - do it. No doubt a more scholarly critic could construct a more adequate definition. But the important thing is that there is one point - the sum of the whole story is perhaps the essential - and that is the essential thing to keep in sight, and to postpone, adapt the story to the movie The director of this film has obviously missed the point and does not replace it by herself. and so the movie does not talk about anything. <br /> <br /> This is not the usual complaint of a book lover that his favorite text has been violated. The merit of this book is something I conceded reluctantly: reading it, I found it a bloody nuisance and an opportunity to kick the author into the pants and get him into finish the job properly. The story is supposed to be the work of Morvern, half educated, but this illusion is constantly dispelled by a dozen different literary effects, as if the author struck it with his pen; there are inconsistencies in style and tone, as if different sections had been composed at different times; and all the conclusions I could draw about Morvern had to remain timid, because he was uncertain of the implications the author wanted or not. For example, in spite of Morvern's self-characterization as a ravager, am I wrong to say that in the end she remains essentially a Scottish working-class and under her wrapper of music downloads not so different from those of past generations? In any case, despite my irritation with the author, I could not deny that his book was stuck with me; and what I could not get out of my head was the attitude of his character, his angle of view on the world, almost as alive as a portrait of Goya. Morvern is the kind of person who always faces situations that are both comical and horrible. from time to time she invites them, but more often than not they fall on her, like flies, so that a large part of her life consists of a kind of left but graceful, unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical crossing - and it does not begin to describe it idiosyncratically. enough. The complex set of incidents and Morvern's responses to them constitutes the substance of the book and its accomplishment. By exposing a representative sample of existence, it would be difficult to illustrate otherwise; despite all my aversion to the book, I can see it. <br /> <br /> The morvern we have just described is not the morvern of the film; or if so, most of it is kept off the screen. Angharad Rees, from the old television series "Poldark", is an actress who may have been a good choice for the character if she had the right age at the right time. Samantha Morton would seem to be a good cast: she is a bit of the same kind of actress and, in one of her previous films, "Jesus's Son", she played a girl who, with some adjustments, could have been transformed in this one. Unfortunately, as the film turned out, she does not have the character of the book to play. On the one hand, the book is one which, if it is to be dramatized, calls practically monologues of the main character to the public; without his comments, his perspective, his voice, the story loses almost all its meaning. He lost more in the sense that the adapter expurgated him from his comical and horrible elements: the most memorable incidents of the book are reduced before they become shabby, and so Morvern's responses (whether with amusement or disgust, depending on his mood) are also lacking, and the incidents have no reason to be in the story. In short, the filmmaker chose, for whatever reason, to turn a lively and daring sodomy-comic novel into a televised film about distinguished art, and chose as a typical image that of Mrs. Morton languishing in an artistically shaded melancholy; as if the exit planned by Morvern was a visit to the Stations of the Cross. This is not at all the object of the book or the morvern of the book. On the other hand, the movie's Morvern is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she did not have time to study the accent), and she should be: it's important that she, her family and her friends are all from one place. And finally, the film misses the end of the story: Morvern spends all that she has and returns home in the icy darkness: it is winter, the dam is frozen, the current is cut, and the pub is dark. Minus this, and all the rest, there remains only a failed art film, a dead film, on a subject whose strength lies precisely in its refusal, or its native inability, never to yield to death.
