This show is a perfect example of how Radio-Canada should stick to news, sports or satirical comedy skits. As a situation comedy developer, CBC showed he could combine the "King of Kensington" pizazz with the "Beachcombers" belly laugh. It's embarrassing for big shows such as "Kids in the Hall" and "Second City" to share their comic roots with this lame production. <br /> <br /> I must admit that I did not give him much luck on this show as soon as I heard about his concept. For starters, half of the concept is a direct attempt to rip off one of the rare sitcom hits in English Canadian history, "Corner Gas". The rest of the concept - the culture shock - is far from original and is too often used as a crutch for laziness of writing on the screen. The choice of the Muslim religion as the basis of the characters "fish out of the water" seems to be a desperate attempt to be "pissed off" and "topical", but is forced. Some of the jokes based on the Local's reaction to newcomers are highly critical of the intelligence of everyone involved, especially the public. <br /> <br /> This episode perfectly illustrates the "do not understand" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when presenting Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada does not have to be presented in such a brutal and forced way. It would be a refreshing change to have CBC introduce diversity into a television show without making the show talk about that diversity. I doubt that CBC / Radio-Canada has enough sitcom talent to achieve something so subtle. A comparison could be made with the way diversity is represented in Corner Gas - that is to say. Aboriginal characters are not separated by their ethnicity and their heritage is not used to generate stories. More realistically, their lives and those of other characters intermingle so that ethnicity is no more meaningful than their other personal characteristics. <br /> <br /> That being said, even as a purely formal fish, comedy on the water this show fails. The acting is weak, the comic goes around the map and the premises of the story I saw far exceeded the suspension of conviction, even for a comedy. The only saving grace is the talented Derek McGrath, horribly wasted here. I doubt that even adding guest stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as Anglican Archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the show a chance once CBC / Radio-Canada's "hype" dissipated. but two episodes were all I could handle - I could almost feel my brain cells close with each hit. The time slot would be better served by broadcasting more new shows from Coronation Street, Air Farce or Dr. Who. Even an infomercial would be an improvement.
