We all know that some of the greatest movies of all time were based on books. Without being particularly precise adaptations, these films were nevertheless excellent. The Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings trilogy and, to a lesser extent, almost every Disney movie ever made. However, I must regret that A Wrinkle in Time is not one of these films. Not only does it not meet the most basic expectations of Madeleine L'Engle's fans, but it also defies the standards of screenwriting, acting, special effects and, ultimately, public respect. . Notice that I'm not trying to be mean; on the contrary, I entered this business with an open mind. I thought it was done for T.V. the film would make up for his lack of razzle-dazzle in his screenplay. After all, Star Wars' Ewoks spin-off was decent, albeit a bit silly. Come to think of it, the original version of Star Wars was created with "a lunch-money budget" and look where it took George Lucas! However, from the first scene, the disappointment began to envelop me, as if I had come too close to the Black Thing during the tessering. <br /> <br /> In the same way that the filming of Greedo became the symbol of the 1997 Star Wars special edition (disaster of monumental proportions involving a thwarted director bringing several abominable modifications to a beloved classic) Ms. Whatsit has officially become my personal symbol for confusion and stupidity which is a wrinkle in time. The reason is that it has been transferred beyond belief. Aside from the slightly controversial decision to choose Alfre Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our favorite star who has become a mentor, the filmmakers decided that it should be portrayed as a crow. That's right, a raven. In addition, the centaurion celestial form of this beloved character has been hacked by what appears to be a demented child of eight; the majestic half-man, half-horse with wings became a huge human head with a scary grin awkwardly mounted on the arched body of a horse carrying a pair of wings in the middle. If I had been five, it would have traumatized me psychologically all my life. The worst thing was that when he spoke, he was shown from behind to avoid the responsibility of lip sync, which gave a scene of looking behind the head and seeing only one still cheek, thus rendering the special effects part less believable than the ET <br /> <br /> After having solved the most painful problem, I have to go to the heartbreaking effect: the characters, the acting and the story . Personally, I had always imagined that Meg would look a little like the wailing myth of Harry Potter movies: smooth hair, glasses and a silhouette that most models would find ridiculous. She has always been a slightly anxious, humbly pessimistic, mathematical genius who simply could not care less about Nicaragua's imports and exports. In the film, she is a very nasty person for whom I feel no sympathy. In fact, it pains me for poor Mr. Jenkins, his school principal, who has to take care of her all the time. Calvin, the nice and smart kid that everyone thinks is a jock has become ?? a jock! The irony is horrible. As for the memorable Happy Medium, they took the pleasant old woman who loved to look at the happy things and replaced her with a being "above sex" and who likes to look at "funny" things, such as girls who fall swings. The only three people I can think of who have done a decent job are Charles Wallace, Mrs. Whatsit and Man With Red Eyes (nicknamed "the red-eyed guy" because of his complete reinvention as a character). <br /> The story is a mess. Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban is a good comparison of this aspect of the film. He failed to transcribe the story found in the book, while retaining the sole of the original work. Here, the sole of the book agrees with Hades in the underground world, seemingly unaware of the destruction of his body. While the Dark Lord completes the way he shows how obvious it is that the truth must be felt and not seen, Ixchel's flat-nosed wookies (who replace the wonderful beings who hold Aunt Beast in their ranks) tear their backs. While the god of death notices how subtle the Earth-like terror of Camazotz was, torn pages are scattered in the sandstorm and lost in the darkness of the land of evil. <br /> <br /> I'm really sorry this movie exists. I do not think the actors were really bad. It's the way the characters are written that ruins it. A Wrinkle in Time deserved to be adapted by Lawrence Kasdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, highlighted by Industrial Light and Magic, scored by John Williams, then by Sky Williams on Skywalker Sound, edited by THX and marketed by Twentieth Century Fox. In its current state, the film is unworthy to be shown to people who respect each other. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was good, the movie was bad and Mrs. Whatsit was ugly. <br /> <br /> Score: 0.1 / 10 (If I could) <br /> <br /> For: <br /> They have the names on the right. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: <br /> <br /> He had horrible problems with the level of adaptation, the scenario, the role play and the special effects of Cliffs Notes, not to mention the lack evidence of his reading of the book. Oh, and the cover / main poster contains a photo of the three main characters riding a horse flying over a castle. Some might say that it symbolizes high adventure. I say that this symbolizes the irresponsibility of the cover artist who did not even bother to properly put the arm of Photoshop Meg.
