Or "Marlowe At Sea". Another old, ridiculously overestimated movie with Bogey. Very talkative too. Bogey plays essentially the same character as in Marlow's films; always in control of a situation, never nervous - no matter the seriousness of the situation, qualifies the women as "meager", "ladies" and other such stupidities, is the only "real man", that is to say the alpha male of the movie (the only other alpha male the Gestapo is a man - but he's only a big alpha male) and, of course, any attractive young woman who comes forward can not resist his charms and wants his penis a few hours after his introduction. The clichés of the characters are all here. Bogey is supposed to be the same type of cynic about to reform as in "Casablanca", and of course, he often refuses money or other valuables when offered - but how does that fit? Does he have the tough cynic in him? That's not the case, so he can not be cynical. Hawks wanted it both ways: a character who is both the "solitary cynic" and a well-intentioned humanitarian. I do not think so. Bacall makes her "cool babe" non-hot routine for the first time, and there are many overestimated, not too interesting, so-called "sexual insinuations" exchanges between her and Bogey; these dialogues seem stupid by today's standards. "Serve your lips and hisses ..." A load of shit ... She was 19 years old when it was done, but she looks a lot older and is a lot less attractive than the female stars of the day. His thin face, with his sharp features, is far from radiant with the feminine beauty of a de Havilland, the kindness of a Myrna Loy, not to mention the sympathy of Irene Dunne. Bacall was better suited to play vampires, not femme fatales. (In real life, she looks a lot like her face: a Hollywood bitch.) There's a scene in which Bacall burst into tears; very inappropriate for his character. There are two or three wrong musical numbers - but my fast forward button was ready. <br /> <br /> If you want to read my "biographies" of Bogart, Bacall, Huston and other Hollywood personalities, contact me by e-mail.
