The film begins with a peaceful picture of a traditional Japanese house with a thatched roof that stands on the side of a small hill and a caption appears on the screen that reads "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840". A young Japanese trainee named Samurai, Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) takes the winding path leading to the house, waiting inside Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he has an affair behind her husband, Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki and Toshiyuki Sasaki), that happens. to be Masanori's teacher. Surprisingly, Shugoro returns home and discovers that his wife and student have very close relationships. His honor destroyed the enraged Samurai, brutally killing Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on a working holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure) who works for the US Consulate helps them find a place to stay, you do not need me anywhere! He says jokingly that it's so cheap because it's haunted, and Ted and Laura make fun of it, because they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for the moment. Almost immediately, the movie goes into snapshot mode. The lights turn on and off by themselves, Laura has a sense of worry about the place and a local Zen monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them a worrisome warning to leave before he it's too late, which they do not know, of course. The spirits of Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were forever condemned to stay in the compound of the house because of a curse of Majyo witches (Tsuyako Olajima). But there may be a way to break the spell, unfortunately for the Fletcher family, it could cost them their marriage, their daughter and maybe even their lives. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor I thought it was a rather average film. I can watch it once if you have nothing better to do, but after a day or two, you probably have completely forgotten it. In the memory, nothing sticks particularly to the memory but, on the other hand, the film is not particularly successful. Robert Suhosky's script of James Hardiman's novel is a little boring and strictly encrypted. Many ghostly events occur throughout the film, but none of this is very interesting or exciting. management does not help things. There are some silly sequences like giant plastic crabs trying to find Amy and her babysitter, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there's a scene where the Zen monk exorcises the house and ghosts are banished outside, unable to get in, but until Ted just opens the door and comes back, exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure, who was 47 years old when he did that, try Kung Fu and Eastern Sword fighting! George twice released his plentiful chest, including a very unerotic sex scene with McClure, although great pains and some bed sheets that stick to them like super glue were taken to avoid nudity under the waist. Apart from a few beheadings, most of the time off the screen, there is no blood, blood or violence to talk about. "Transparent" ghost effects are acceptable, but they will not impress many people these days. It's quite professional and pretty handsome, but the potential in Japanese decor and myths is wasted, as this film could have been shot in America, England or any Western country without changing anything. A waste of time OK.
