At the beginning of the movie, you can double-check the DVD cover and reread the synopsis a few times, but do not worry. These are not the "Memoirs of a Geisha" that you bought; just a movie with a much more stylish and stylish intro that he has no right to be. Nevertheless, openness is by far the best thing about the whole film, as it shows that in 1840, a swordmaster Samurai surprises his wife committing adultery. He decapitates the two lovers before doing hara-kiri (ritual suicide by dispossession). Even today, when the American ambassador to Japan greets a friendly family and takes him to the same house where the aforementioned massacre took place almost a century and a half ago. From that moment, it becomes a seemingly routine haunted house movie, but the totally delayed and implausible scenario makes it a little bit more exceptional. Let's start with the good side, namely the original Japanese decor and the presence of the delicious Susan George, my favorite horror wife of the British (with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). Negative points simply include that the scenario is inconsistent, idiotic and irreplaceable and full of supposedly disturbing twists that only evoke laughter. The worried minds of the house soon begin to amuse themselves by infiltrating the body of the new tenants and forcing them to do and say all kinds of crazy things. The mind of the murdered adulterous woman particularly likes to slip into Susan's ravishing booty and turn her into an obscene seductress! In this state of "possessed", she even pushes the American ambassador outside to make love in the garden of a banquet of high society full of distinguished guests. So, strictly speaking, it is not really the "evil" that inhabits the house; just a trio of shabby ghosts with dirty minds and far too much free time on their dead hands for a long time! Obviously, these scenes are more comical than frightening, especially as the light blue and transparent shapes remind you of the pretty ghost effects that were later popularized in "Ghostbusters". "The House Where Evil Dwells" is probably the least scary ghost movie of all time. During most of the film, you'll wonder if director Kevin Connor (who nevertheless shot the excellent horror movies "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") deliberately wanted to make his movie funny and ridiculous, as " Motel Hell "maybe. But again, everyone in the cast continues to say its lines with a straight and sincere face, so I guess we are nevertheless supposed to take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The house where evil lives" is never suspensive or even exciting, and it does not even contain ghoulish images, except for the massacre at the beginning. I am fully aware of the shallow depth of the sounds, but the two scenes in which Susan George goes topless are the only highlights. Well, these and perhaps also the invasion of ridiculous and ridiculous spiders (or are they crabs?) In the girl's room. How was this totally random and irrelevant? If you ever decide to give this film a chance despite its bad reputation, be sure to leave your common sense and reasoning at the door. <br /> <br /> Anecdotal note for horror lovers: keep an eye on the demon. mask that was also a centerpiece of the decor in the brilliant classic of the Japanese horror Onibaba.
