The 1930s saw the rise of documentaries in remote areas of the world, with a focus on wild animals, exotic lands, and primitive peoples with unusual cultures. Despite the logistics required to transport a film crew to a remote and dangerous location, and then bring it back alive (with the film), these films were often much cheaper to make than classic Hollywood feature films ... because they did not cost cheap. sets, costumes or movie stars at high prices. <br /> <br /> The team of Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, who has directed several documentaries (sometimes with blatantly staged events) in Africa and Asia. The Johnsons safari movies have been extremely popular, inspiring many parodies ... including Wheeler & Woolsey's "So This is Africa," in which the sexy Esther Muir plays the character of Mrs. Johnson-Martini (instead from Martin E. Johnson). , geddit?). Although several other filmmakers produced safari documentaries at the time, Johnsons' films were the most popular in this genre because they relied heavily on humor. Seen from our more enlightened point of view (I hope), this is a serious flaw in Johnsons' documentaries: there are too many scenes in which the funny little brown or yellow characters are made to appear complete idiots who are easily thwarted by the clever White bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> One of the assets of these films is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she manages to look young enough to be his daughter. Although she is certainly not as attractive as the beautiful blonde Esther Muir, Osa Johnson is a trendy brunette who has made unseemly performances in front of the camera in all the films she co-produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> 'Congorilla' is probably the best of Johnsons' movies. The plans of the Congo are interesting and have some historical value as proof of the nature of this environment in 1930. The plans of the Pygmies and other natives are also interesting, even if they suffer from Johnson's penchant for organizing events gives these natives a "wild" and extra-terrestrial air. <br /> <br /> The best (and funny) scene of "Congorilla" is an improvised sequence in which Osa Johnson tries to teach a jazz dance to pygmy women. (The dance is the Black Bottom, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope had taught to Daisy and Violet Hilton, the Siamese twins.) Dressed in jodhpurs, riding boots and a helmet, Osa Johnson begins to sing as she strides along and knocks her knees to try to teach this dance to African women. Meanwhile, they stare at her, apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to accomplish. It's a very funny scene, but with unpleasant nuances. Osa Johnson is doing a dance invented by black Americans: the implication seems to be that black Africans should instinctively be able to perform this dance after a short demonstration (using a natural rhythm, I guess) because it's in their blood, or something like that. <br /> <br /> I will give 4 out of 10 points to "Congorilla". This film tells a bit about African life in the 1930s and a bit more about American cultural perceptions during this same decade.
