Did I get into something or does this bad smell come from Daybreak 1 + 2? God was behind everything? What does God have to do with science fiction? God is the only solution when you can not find a sensible explanation for something. In fact, this is exactly the problem of the finale of the series - they obviously could not find sensible explanations for the multitude of big questions raised throughout the series, such as how Kara Thrace came back from the dead in a brand new viper. how his old viper and charred body met on Earth 2, why Baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head, why 6 has an imaginary Baltar in his head, etc. so they explain it with "angels" or do not explain it at all. <br /> <br /> The plot of the last 2 episodes had holes big enough to pass a Basestar. For example, why did Galactica and his team go on a suicide mission to save a girl (Hera), especially after Adam said there was no chance to try his luck? Because they discovered the location of the Cylon base? This is not a good reason to sacrifice the life of the crew. And how did Anders know the location? And what was the point of going back in the lives of the main characters before the war? It's as if they forgot to do it earlier and they threw something at the last moment. <br /> <br /> The authors of the last two episodes could not have been the same authors who created what has been sensational so far. series. It seems that the script was taken by evangelical Christians in order to spread "The Word". Remember to try to solve the problem, the important message that writers wanted to convey is: do not trust technology, because it will cause your destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (bad luck if you have an illness that requires medical treatment). <br /> <br /> Imagine that in the last movie of the Star Wars series, they tell you there is no "strength" ... instead, a Jedi draws his power from Jesus. They then send their spaceships into the nearest star and go live in the forest with the Ewoks. Would it be a good ending? No, it would not do it.
