Oh, dear Lord, how on earth has any part of this film ever been approved by anyone? It stinks of cheese from the beginning to the end, but it's not even a good cheese. It's the driest, most moldy and tasteless cheese, and I can not believe anyone really liked it. Yes, if you saw him with a bunch of drunken / stoned buddies, some of the songs might sound funny, but for the rest of the audience, the only fun things are when said group of buddies throw popcorn and abusive insults at the other and on the screen. I watched him with a laughing guy, after drinking a few beers in preparation for laughing under the shit look of the movie. We had shit (a lot of that), but not the laughs. This movie can not even be considered a really bad movie. It's just bad. Very very bad. Here's why (look away if you're spoilerphobic): The movie starts with a guy who beats another guy to death. OK, I was a few minutes late so I do not really know why, but I think I got the message "This guy is a little idiot with whom you do not want to play with" in this ingenious scene. Oh, and a guy is witnessing it. So, we already have our ultra-bad villain, and our nice (seemingly) nice guy. Cue Hero. Big Sam enters the scene in the usual way, saving a good guy in the insane way that only mediocre action movies can accomplish, that is to say that Hero is safe from bullets, everyone falls a little awkwardly. Cue the first parcel hole. How did Sammy know where this guy was or if he had witnessed the murder. Maybe this, as well as the answers to all my questions about the plot, were explained in the 2 minutes before my entry into the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I'm going to stop here to break the holes in the plot so as not to turn the film into a cheese that looks like Swiss cheese (which, we all know, is a good cheese). So the "plot" (a very generous word to use). The good guy has to go to LA, the villain would rather not do it, Hero Sam is in between. Tail decor for the next hour conducive to vomiting - the passenger plane. As I said, no need to dig through the holes of the plot, I'll leave it there. Passenger airplane. Then, the essential ingredient so far missing from this film gem, and what makes it all: snakes. Yay! Oh, take a break. We first have the introduction to all the mandatory characters that a lame movie must have. A hot and horny couple (see if you can guess how they are dying), a British guy-all-snakes-same-looking-same (those pesky British, no?), Cute kids and Jo Brand. For all Americans, it's an English comic book famous for its size and unattractive character. Now that we have met the actors, let's watch them all die (except of course cute kids). Do not expect anything original, it's just snake bites on different parts of the body, more and more hilarious. Use your imagination because the filmmakers obviously did not use theirs. <br /> <br /> This is the biggest part of the film that has been packed, so for the best thing, the end. As expected, everything is so happy as the plane lands that everyone in sight begins to suck face. Yes, Sammy iced included. But wait, we are not all out of the plane! The last guy to come down is a good guy, but as he does, he gets stung by a snake (you guessed it) (of all things). It is clear that he had been hiding in Mr. Jackson's hair all the time, since he had managed to withstand the atmospheric pressure that the good old hero had used a few minutes earlier, despite the constrictor 200 feet (the one who ate this British bastard) be unable to. So Sam shoots him and the snake all at once. At this point, I prayed for the film to be about to make a much needed U-turn and reveal that throughout the hero, he was actually a traitor. But no. A kind of icing on the cake (but with cheese stale, remember), it is revealed that the climax of the film involved a bulletproof vest. Everyone can think that an audience of 10 years ago, let alone in 2006, would be impressed by its ingenuity, but I managed to summarize the film. <br /> <br /> In fact, we are not quite done yet. Once everyone has lost face (Uncle Sam with the lead actress, a good guy with Tiffany, a black man with a white girl and the couple in a necrophilia crisis that warms the heart), the time has come for a guy and a hero to get by. ... in Bali !!! No, it was not at all exciting, the exclamation points were there to represent my greatest joy to see the credits. Yes, the last shot of the movie is a surf trip celebrating the message that a bit of masculine bond was created and a chance for all the morons who really enjoyed the movie banging a few times. That's all. This is the first time that I publish a film review, but I have the impression that someone must speak against this scourge of cinematography. If you like airplanes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, stewardesses, bad guys, surfing, dogs in the bag or English, then please do not see this movie. This will pollute your opinion of all the above so much that you will never want to be in contact with any of them again. Go see United 93 instead. It was good.
