This is not a film that you can really analyze separately from its production. The public has become the filmmakers to an unprecedented extent in the history of the American film industry; we felt so involved that watching it became like watching a friend's work. How is it possible to be objective? This is our movie, is not it? Where is it? There is perhaps nothing more dishonest than a filmmaker who pretends to be a friend of the public, giving them all the treats that nanny critics would refuse them. Just look at Eli Roth, a leading independent author, who promises to find all the viscera missing in horror movies without gut, to produce a diluted and technically incompetent work, such as "Hostel". <br /> <br /> David R. Ellis may not have spawned the monster that was the Internet answer to his film, but it was understandable to engage in it quickly. He pushed the school of carnival-huckster filming to another level, causing fans to build what they would eventually buy. So many people have become enthusiastic about this interactive and democratic approach to film production that they seem to have missed about them - that it is the most cynical form of film as marketing. Nothing includes that filmmakers know that spectators will not buy, and any old suggestion that will cause trouble on the seats is incorporated. The fact that the tone has become the title indicates everything you need to know. <br /> <br /> Is not this just the evolution of the focus group approach? Individual creativity, talent, crafts, ideas are all sacrificed before the senseless chatter of the masses. It's a commonplace criticism that newsgroups and test screenings do not make good movies - why should the preventive intervention of Internet enthusiasts be different? Because we are movie fans? Well, thank god for us, because otherwise I might not have seen a topless woman get bitten by a snake nipple. So, yes, I had fun at the movie - a midnight show, just in the pub and with a bucket of ice - but it does not really have much to do with the movie and a lot with the atmosphere. As at Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun, no matter what. There was laughter, but I do not know if it was with the movie or the movie. With a film as calculated as this one, is it even a significant distinction? There are very good aspects in the film. Samuel L. Jackson gives a well judged performance, pure parody of oneself but with a real feeling of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are correct in limited roles and there are one or two inspired moments - the dog's knee fate is a really fun black comedy that the rest of the movie fails to emulate. <br /> <br /> stock characters are to be expected, but the total lack of suspense is not. What is the point of a film that combines two great phobias if there is no creeping threat? There are several times of snake jumps, but they are incredibly badly organized. Only the boring British enjoys a decent death scene - the other murders are strangely worthless. The disappearance of the honeymoon couple, for example, is shamefully missed. Most actors fail to make an impression; it's a pity that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies seems so tired (when she tells two kids to close their eyes and pretend that the turbulent flight is a roller coaster, she could talk to the public - the film is far from at the height). <br /> <br /> There are worse films, but there are many, much better; Another reviewer of this site has compared this movie to "Lake Placid" and is as striking a contrast as I can think of it. This film worked great because the performances were great, the jokes fun, the scary suspense sequences, and the committee did not design the project. That the characters have a little depth and that the shading is an unexpected bonus. I do not need a post-pub projection at midnight to have a good time with this movie. <br /> <br /> This film will disappear over time to become a simple footnote in the film's history. If this sets a precedent, however, I am really worried about what might be going through our screens in a few years. In all likelihood, it will not result in much. Perennial popcorn favorites - "The Lost Ark Adventurers", "Alien", "Halloween" and of course, "Star Wars" - are simply not produced by group-think. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, I'll tell you what - I do not have half envy of Ingmar Bergman.
