The more I analyze this film, the more it gets worse. First, why a motivational speaker? This part was just stupid. I mean, why would a megalomaniac trying to control the world count on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone so disorganized? First, he can not decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he turns to the Bible for ideas. I would add that many of these ideas are really unreliable (for example, the part of "Ishmael and Isaac's Houses Shrieking with Terror" may have already occurred.) It could have been the synagogues burned at the Krystalnacht and the mosques could very well have been the mosques exploded in Baghdad or something like that.) And the Gillen Lane family! They have no role except to provide a table for family values ​​and to dab their eyes with water! I might add that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is only twenty years old (or that's the impression I have had) and has a ten-year-old child, he had his child in high school. Yes, these are the family values ​​of TBN. Also, why should this movie be so damn propaganda? I will repeat the words of a previous critic. Indiana Jones's films use Christian mythology as a plot and manipulate it well to intoxicate us. This movie does not do that. The beginning begins well, with Michael Ironsides playing a priest who assassinates a scholar and steals the Omega Code of the deceased type. Then, confronted with two men of whom he is clearly afraid, the two prophets tell him: "Tell your master that we are here!" Dominic (Ironsides) answers "He already knows" and points a small surveillance camera. This part sent me chills in the back. If only it had happened like that, I would have liked this movie. I want to thank Michael York: he plays his character very well, just like Michael Ironsides. But the good ones are horrible. I already talked about Lane's family <br /> <br />. Now that I am on acting, I will continue to plot. This is obviously a Baptist film, since our beloved Vatican Pope is portrayed as a leader. The plot of world domination that I loved and found plausible and subtle, as well as the action sequences were also thrilling and well done. Another diatribe against the Vatican, their leaders are considered dogmatically, since Gillen explains to the pope that this is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new one. Also, the Vatican (or the Israelis) say they intend to secede from the World Union because they used the Omega code to control the world. Whoever they are, they would not only secede, they would send commandos and kill them. This is the equivalent America knows that the KGB will kill the president and just say, "We will not talk to you anymore!" Come on! I liked the scenes where we see bombers heading towards Israel and seeing them on screen. Mediocre in a nutshell.
