I was very disappointed with this film for several reasons. For the first half hour, it's actually quite decent. Although the acting is not better than the one you would find in a rap video, it's a bit funny and the value of the production does not seem half bad. In fact, I almost thought it would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican film) that has been MUCH MUCH better than expected. The plot of the film revolves around the deception of husbands, but also the way in which women are considered and treated in Dominican society as a whole, making it an ideal place, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I do not think the film's directors claim that a good movie deals only with the way you treat your subject, and they slaughtered the veal cutlet they had in front of them. About 30 minutes into the movie, the roles of men and women are reversed after the main character's wife has cast a spell on him because of his cheating habits. Not only does this transition take place via what appears to be advanced technology, a space age, CGI effects from what I suppose, it would be the 1970s, but the whole plot is simply lost. The rest of the film is nothing but ridiculous and predictable situations, and intelligent liners. To top it off (and I guess I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **), everything turns out to be a dream. Oh my who did not see that coming? Oh man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie. After about an hour, I start to wonder: "hmmmm, something does not look good about the soundtrack, but what can it be?" ?? and then he hits me Half of the music in the movie was taken from a video game called King of FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> When oh when DR will you give us a movie, we can call a Artwork?!?! Perhaps a French comedy by Amelie or a Thai-style action film Ong-Bak, an animation like Akira in Japan, a spiritual detective thriller like the Layer Cake was in England, or a wake-up call social as waking states. <br /> <br /> ... I would give him a 1, but I have seen much worse out of the Dominican Republic, look for Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
