Raising Victor Vargas: An Examination <br /> <br /> You know, raising Victor Vargas is like putting your hands in a big bowl of oatmeal. It's hot and slimy, but you do not know if it suits you. I tried it no matter how hot and sticky it was. Raising Victor Vargas, I was always aware that something was wrong. Victor Vargas suffers from overconfidence on the part of the director. Apparently, the director thought that the ethnic backdrop of a Latino family from the East and an idyllic scenario would make the film critic to the test. He was right, but that did not deceive me. Raising Victor Vargas is the story of a seventeen-year-old boy named Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk) who is living in his teens looking for more skirts than the Rolling Stones could do during their touring years. The film begins in "Ugly Fat" Donna's room, where Victor will surely seduce her, but a cry from the outside disrupts her plans when her best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) picks him up. Taken in the attempt by Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas fled to limit the damage. Yet even with the embarrassing implication that he is hurting the most homilinous girl in the neighborhood, nothing deters young Victor from hunting fresh meats. On a hot day in New York, they head for the local public pool where Victor's eyes catch the lovely young nymph Judy (Judy Marte), who is not only pretty, but strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the center of the film. The story also focuses on Victor's family, consisting of his grandmother or abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by Victor's brother, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez) . The action follows Victor between scenes with Judy and scenes with her family. Victor tries to cope with an over-excited pimp-dad, his feelings for Judy and his grandmother's conservative Catholic education. <br /> <br /> The problems raised by Raising Victor Vargas are some glaring errors. Throughout the movie, you'll get to know some characters like Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend, Melonie. The problem is that we know nothing of Victor Vargas, except that he is the biggest gigolo of the district. We know he can lick his lips, put his hair on and wear to seduce the girls in the bag, but that's it. We know that Nino plays the piano, and calm down, you can see it by the awards on the piano of the family. We know her sister Nicki, is a girl who loves gossip and who has every interest in watching TV. We know that grandma is a traditional Latina woman who works hard and tries to raise her children conservatively in a world of excessive corruption. Yet where is the titular character, Victor Vargas? He is somewhere in this film, but we only know what the film tells us. This is by far the biggest defect of the film. Victor Vargas is not really a character, but a ping-pong ball, between two scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I mentioned, the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active teenager with a libido the size of Manhattan. He is a total male. Victor Vargas is not at all the kind of character I sympathize with. Why should someone? So, at the end of the film, following the climax, are we really led to believe that Victor Vargas has reached ALL depth and learned the errors of his behavior? How could such a two-dimensional character have depth? If only the director cared a little more about the composition of his main character instead of getting the perfect shot held in the hand. <br /> <br /> Raising Victor Vargas brings the world of downtown Latino back to the big screen. Something few movies have done in the past. The movie has been complimented for its so real feeling, and I will not argue with that. I have not seen this level of reality since CBS broadcast Survivor. Seriously, although the film has beautiful images of the city, writer / director Peter Sollett was too dependent on close-ups and hand-held shots. This problem is particularly noticeable in the claustrophobic indoor scenes that I was forced to do deep breathing exercises in order not to lose consciousness. As the film progresses, the shots become closer and closer with the faces cut from forehead to chin on the screen; you can smell the cheap Cologne smell of Victor Vargas. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. The interior scenes of the downtown apartments give them a small and crampon look, which is wrong. I have been in these type apartments; I lived in one. They are not splendid but they have high ceilings and are decent living spaces. According to the criteria of the film, one could think that these apartments were 5 x 5 cells of brick and mortar, peeling paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, the constant use of close-ups by Sollett and a particularly bad shot with a zoom in on a scene are totally amateurish. But Raising Victor Vargas is only Sollett's second film, and his best-known, a solid effort in filmmaking that, hopefully, will improve as he continues to make films. One critic I read summarized the film as "Ethnicity for Ethnic Love" and I can only agree with it. If Victor Vargas was really a great movie and story, the applicability of the characters would matter little whether they were Latino, Chinese, etc. Still, if you were to take this story and stick it in a bourgeois suburb with a group of teens -bopper white kids the results would not be so glowing, and we would see the flaws of the movie more clearly. Indeed, some other aspects of the use of Latinos in this film bother me. Although some aspects of Victor Vargas are accurate, I must question. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky share the same room to sleep. This triggered an alarm for me because it seemed contrary to what I believe. Any self-respecting Latino family would not want two older brothers to share the same room with a thirteen year old girl. At first, I was uncertain, maybe I was wrong, but after talking with my grandmother, I knew my problem was justified. Considering how conservative the grandmother is, you'd think Vicky would have slept in her room. <br /> <br /> As a Latino, she grew up in a somewhat conservative Cuban house, raised by my grandmother while my mother was working full time, I could relate to the film in many ways that's why my critical points of view are bittersweet because I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film. Maybe that's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those guys who were getting fucked while playing with my Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Maybe it's because without more introspection in the film, Victor Vargas is just a stereotypical hot-blooded Latino, who will eventually shout at the girls in his car, `Hey bay-bee, I want to get into my luv Mah-Cheen? Anyway, I do not like it, so how can I like a movie about him? So, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to stick my hands in a bowl of gruel. <br /> <br />
