When teenagers go on a motorhome excursion, many snapshots may follow. <br /> <br /> 1) Teens will be warned not to go where they go, by a crazy neighborhood. Dan Van Husen deals with this with a ridiculous exposure to deadly sirens. What, who, how and why are treated in an almost unintelligible burst. 2) The van will break down. 3) While seeking help, the group will be split in two and will be removed one by one by the monster on which he has been warned.4) He will find a house inhabited by a madman, he will capture it. 5) The house will have a phone but it will not work, it will be decorated in a disturbing way, there will be flickering neon lights, spiders and worms. 6) The madman will catch them as they try to escape in a vehicle that does not start (here, the high-speed leak had to be done on a tractor). 7) The madman will apparently be killed only to come back from the dead for a low and cheap fear and will then be killed properly. 8) Only one girl will stay alive of the group. 9) There will be a useless twist at the end. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements naked Sirens (which the characters seem to react surprisingly despite the fact that all those who see them are supposed to fall in desire immediately with them) that seduces and kills the teenagers, the throat is torn out and the bodies pulled in half and you have something that looks like a dream movie of a twelve-year-old boy. <br /> <br /> I think it's fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work As low as possible, but I'm happy to point out that there are a few things that appeal a lot and that make up a big improvement over his previous movie, Darkhunters, which is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Cinematography is sometimes very good, music and editing are much better than previous films and other low-budget horror movies. I was impressed to learn that this was done with one-third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst things about this movie are not in the body of the movie, it's finally a somewhat distracting but useless movie that has been shot over and over again, but among the extras of the DVD. <br /> <br /> If you rent this movie, I beg you to listen to the director's comments, it's amazing. There is more to say about this than the movie itself. A staggering part of the comment is the director's claim that the film is cliché, as it was a preconceived idea. He says it's a deliberate attempt to use all the clichés and he's openly wondering if "people are going to get it". <br /> <br /> I'm scared to say that if this is supposed to be a clever sign of the head and a nod to the movies of the past and the clichés of genre that are contained in it, then it's is not scripted enough with wit, acted appropriately. tone neither directed with enough style to work. If this film was made to order, it leads me to ask a question; "What was the goal?" It's an idea that slips straight into the barrel of bad horror movies, any attempt to do something clever or different has failed. <br /> <br /> The next nugget of brilliance is a conversation about snobbery with regard to digital film formats. They rightly point out that digital is often synonymous with cheap and easy to use. However, the best moment of the conversation comes when they lament the fact that when Michael Mann makes a film in this format, he is qualified as a visionary. There is a simple distinction to make here; Mann is a talented director who will use the format to fit his story and style. Roberts is a horror hacker who uses it to produce genre images on the lower platter. I think the differences are obvious and that the comparison is not only arrogant but redundant. <br /> <br /> The best time is reserved for Robert's comments on the people who took the time to review his previous movie. Those who did not like it are generally considered "geeks" and even go so far as to designate certain people to have the courage to speak up in forums that encourage them to do so. I must admit that I was slightly disappointed that my review of his latest film was not ridiculed. The tirade goes further as the group joke about Norwegian critics is complemented by hilarious accents, which means that Norwegians do not know a good movie simply because of their place of birth. As always, this kind of commentary says more about those who say them than about those they target, they simply make the director and his friends look so ignorant. <br /> <br /> The package is completed with a detailed description were thrown away. Robert swears like a blind voice: "I did not want to make a film that looked like Baywatch" when we see audition tapes of naked and naked girls writhing on the floor. There is also a sober and complacent documentary about the filming of Darkhunters in which Robert said a critic would have claimed that Forest was "the best British film in years." I do not know who he is trying to convince. At one point in the commentary trail, Robert jokingly says, "I see people sitting at home saying," No wonder it's great, "he's not wrong.
