I have never been a regular spectator of "Crocodile Hunter", but I have sometimes seen an episode or episode of an episode. When the announcement of Steve Irwin's death following a snowshoe attack in 2006 spread, it certainly caught my eye. This film, with Steve and his wife, Terri, plays themselves, but in a fictional story, came out in 2002, but I did not hear about it until several years later, and even after that, it happened to me. took a while for around to see it. Well, now I saw him, and after looking here first (more than once), and considering his odds, I was not surprised to find how insignificant he was, although it could have been a little better. Apparently, it's supposed to be a comedy, which poses a major problem: it's not very funny at all. <br /> <br /> An American satellite beacon falls from space and lands in Australia, where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where he is terrorizing cattle on a farm belonging to the mad Brozzie Drewitt and unaware of what it contains, two CIA agents are sent to Australia to recover the Lighthouse. ! The agents are assisted by Jo Buckley, and the owner of the ranch and his dogs may complicate their mission! In the mission of Steve and Terri, they face other types of dangerous animals, not just the crocodile, and as they have no idea that the fang has anything unusual inside, when Steve sees the CIA agents after them, he takes them for poachers! <br /> <br /> Not only did I not laugh once watching this movie, but the only thing that really made me smile is Steve Irwin who used a big snake to scare one of the agents of the CIA. Apart from that, I do not think I have found anything amusing. It's also a bit of an incoherent mess, going from the Australian Outback to the CIA headquarters. This sounds like excerpts from "Crocodile Hunter" and thriller scenes (or something like that) put together for some reason. Added to this are the ranch scenes, which also seem to come from other places, and as funny as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, is supposed to be, she is not. At one point, we see her farting, so we have a joke to fart, a MAJOR cliche of modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist ?! I also found the typical scenes of "crocodile hunters", with Steve fighting crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking to viewers, were tedious, but I guess the fact that I never been a devout fan of the series did not help. <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin has been admired by many as an advocate for the environment and he misses them a lot, while there are also some who say he has messed up nature and that it arrived. Whatever your side, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-crafted movie. I'm sure it helps if you're a big fan of Steve Irwin, but even if you are, there is no guarantee that you would like this movie, as some fans have clearly not been impressed. In fact, it seems that some of them have found this film worse than mine, so maybe it will not help me. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say that whatever you think of Steve Irwin and his show, this film was useless. The attempt to combine what is usually seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictional story has unfortunately failed, and the viewer may find that this film seems longer than 90 minutes!
