Forest of the Damned started with five young friends, his brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland), accompanied by Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood), for a week long vacation "in the middle of nowhere", their words not mine. Anyway, before realizing it, they are plunged into a deep forest and Emilio runs awkwardly over a woman (Frances Da Costa), accompanied by a seriously injured person to add to their problems, the van in which they are going will not start. can not get signals on their cell phones. They need help quickly to get Molly & Judd away in the hope of finding a home. As time passes and darkness begins to fall, it becomes clear that they are not alone and that there is something nasty hidden in the woods ... <br /> <br /> This English production was written and performed by Johannes Roberts. After reviewing several other reviews and critics, both here on IMDb and on the Internet, Forest of the Damned seems to divide opinion with people who love and love. no, personally, it did not do much. The script is credited on the screen for Roberts, but here on the IMDb, it lists Joseph London with "additional script material", no matter what it means, the movie is your basic slasher-like trick like Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) with your faceless teenage victims are bumped but use the interesting concept of fallen angels who roam the forest and kill people for reasons that are never explained with great satisfaction. There is also Stephen, played by the always fantastic Tom Savini, who has nothing to justify what he does. Is he there to make victims for the angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by beating his head? The story is very vague, it never seemed like a good movie. The character is poor, the dialogue not much better and the lack of meaningful story makes it difficult to get into the movie or worry about everything that's going on. That said, it's moving at a reasonable pace and there are some decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director Johannes does not do anything special, it's not a particularly elegant film or flash to watch. There are some decent horror scenes and the character of Tom Savini is awesome when he's on the screen (why did not he hear Judd break the door with an ax while escaping with Molly? And it's a shame when he's killed. There are some decent gore scenes here, someone's head is down, there's beheading, someone is bleeding, a throat is bitten, lips are bitten and someone is torn in half. There is also a lot of frontal nudity, not that it helps a lot. <br /> <br /> Technically, Forest of the Damned is not serious, it is quite well made, but nothing too special or attractive. It was shot in England and Wales and it is quite odd to see an English decor for a very American horror. The acting is usually quite poor except for Savini who deserves to be better than that. The horror writer Shaun Hutson has an embarrassing monochrome at the end and proves that he should stick to writing rather than acting. <br /> <br /> Forest of the Damned was a pretty poor horror movie, he seems to have fans out there so maybe I'm missing something, but it's not a movie that's me Interested a lot. Apart from one or two decent moments, there is not much to recommend here.
