From the beginning, this movie was awful! Why was it so bad ?? If they are not nude women, not only need a good plastic surgeon, but also the expertise of a dentist followed by a free hand of Colgate bleaching !! Then, it's the old man "crazy" at the gas station, who is not so crazy, but more "I do not know how to act, so I'll look straight ahead and look so stupid as possible while pretending to scream robotically about something in the woods "!! Let's go back then to these nymphs nude who need a treatment against gingivitis ... apparently, without touching you ... and that's what happens at the beginning of the scene .... they can cause a rash naughty red on the neck, which I assumed I was missing a piece of flesh, but it seems to me that this could be done with TCP to solve the problem. Then you have Sophie Holland who plays Ally, I have never seen playing such a baaaaaad, it is rather a "me me me, if I do not have fun, nobody does, and I do not want to do that's me and I'm the most nasty cow on the planet, I'm sarcastic, petty and if I do not understand things like I do, I'll sulk! ", kind of person ... it reminds me more of a 6 L your old maid's attitude I do not even think it's worth mentioning the terrible camera angles that remind me of Blair Witch, or the film's low budget: when Judd was hacking at the "locked" door, he was actually open before you can unlock it's on the other side !! This film is completely laughable! If it was a parody, it was a success ... just like that, but, like a horror movie, it was just wrong !!! I can not even describe everything that happened in this movie, I would run out of space! Although it was amusing to watch Andrew pour raspberry juice into his ear every time he opened his mouth, Tom Savini's character was completely blind to the two who were hiding under the table directly in his field of vision !! It was even more funny when these two thought they could escape on a fucking tractor, which, as we all know, is the number one vehicle that hates being trapped because it is so slow! So is it surprising that they do not fare ?? And how many people do you know who can open their wrist and then run for hours as if nothing had happened! No pain, no weakening due to blood loss, nothing !? But the stupidest part is when all of a sudden (and I mean literally) it's a year later and Molly is still wandering through the woods after escaping the nymphs, and then there's Shaun Hutson the takes in his arms ... of course not without a line to promote his books !! (Of course, he's one of my favorite authors) but suddenly, and with absolutely no idea of ​​how and why ... she's nasty herself and attracts Hutson to her death, then we move on to the crazy guy from the beginning Strolling suddenly in the woods with a gas can, even after his "dazzling" performance on why no one should venture there for any reason ... report that the nymphs are frolicking a bit to have fun while Crazy pours out gas everywhere. ... and here is the end of the movie .... finally! My conclusion ... if you had not already guessed ... absolute rubbish! There was no proper thought about it, the one aimed at the camera needed to shoot ... and to think about it, 99% of the actors! If the good director, the actors and the budget went well, it could have been decent. But, again, low budget English horror movies but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry are shameful! (And I'm English so I have the right to say that)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the film is in the first 15 to 20 minutes when we watch it spin from night to day on a field-like area. All I thought all along was "Jesus Christ in heaven why oh why did you allow someone to do that, his absolute cow testicles !!" But I can not turn off a movie after having unfortunately started watching it. I had to watch De Dusk Til Dawn later, just to remind me that Tom Savini had the duty to play well! If there was an option for 0/10, then believe me, I would have chosen, because this film is not worth the only point I gave it! <br /> <br /> But this is just my opinion, watch it and decide.
