In fact, this film is based on a rather original idea: I had never seen nymphs ejected from the sky in a horror movie anyway. However, the way he executes this idea is not at all original; we follow a group of children who, for whatever reason, decide to go on a trip to the forest. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than a forest filled with rednecks / nutcases / zombies, etc. but, in reality, monsters are only a variation of the common horror theme in the woods. Many films of this kind do not have a good idea - and it seems that this one has used his brain cells with only that one. The only asset that monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women whom the characters covet, rather than being hideous grotesques they want to flee. It's good to a point; but it soon becomes boring, and the almost complete absence of history behind the central monsters makes the film never come out of the "horrible rubbish" category. <br /> <br /> It's been years since The Evil Dead made the forest a haven for horror and despite films like The Blair Witch Project; it remains an excellent horror setting. This is one of the major assets of the film, because the forest gives a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned does not seem to have much in his sleeve. The death sequences show a flagrant lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are clichés to the extreme does not help, because you will be more likely to see them killed rather than hope to be able get out. The distribution is mainly composed of children, but Tom Savini has a role to play here; who, unfortunately, does not have fun in the special effects department. The only highlight of the movie about the staff comes from the nymphs themselves. Naked women tend to look great, and if it was not for them, this movie would become very boring very quickly. There is nothing to recommend this movie for really; but if you want a silly little horror movie that is reminiscent of the style of 80s movies, you might find some fun here.
