People have tried to make me believe that the premise of this awful thriller / supernatural thriller was inspired by the last words uttered by an authentic serial killer (whose name escapes me for the moment). While waiting for his execution on an electric chair, he claimed that his soul would come back to life and that it would continue to commit endless killings. By the way, shooting a horror movie is not a very original idea. Other low-budget turkeys have implemented exactly the same basic principles, such as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". Anyway, "The First Power" ("Pentagram") is not a completely terrible effort, but the script is too much of a cliché and lacks thrills. The film begins as a deceptive, though trivial, serial killer film in which Lou Diamond Phillips, obsessed with the cop-hero, pursues a maniac who sculpts bloody pentagrams into the breasts of his victims. He receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium, performed by the magnificent and underrated Tracy Griffith. She leads him to the murderer but also begs not to execute it, because it would lead to an even bigger disaster! Thanks to Tess's helpful tips, Detective Logan quickly grabs the murderer and celebrates his death sentence, but Patrick Channing makes a pact with Satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of California to kill other people . "The First Power" becomes hard enough once the murderer is reincarnated into an avenging spirit. Instead of using his newly acquired satanic powers to annihilate the whole world (that's what I would do in his position), Channing prefers to simply play cat and mouse with his sworn enemy, copper. He annoyingly calls him "Buddy-Boy" all the time and possesses the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to trick him. Even if never really boring or poorly done, it's a very weak film to endure, mainly because you constantly have the feeling of déjà-vu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff shamelessly uses every terrible cliché (the murderer was sexually assaulted as a child) and even replicas of the players can be easily predicted. As soon as Griffith explains to her that she is able to predict the future, you just know that somewhere in the movie she's going to say the ridiculously overused phrase "I tell people who have to live their lives, but my own life is a mess ". Yawning. The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is sufficient, but it is rather difficult to take seriously this young rebel "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver". Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When a stranger calls") and the horror legend of movie B, David Gale ("Re-Animator") appear in a tiny cameo at the very beginning of the film.
