Terrible! Terrible! Terrible! No, I did not like that. The intention of the film was obvious: to follow the behavior of the "actors" who produce a film. In some cases, these are people who see themselves as different from what they are. I did not need a movie to tell me how superficial some of the people in the film industry are. I guess I'm really at fault because I was expecting something like "Roman holidays". <br /> <br /> I'm not a filmmaker and I do not take a film class, but it appeared to me that the film consisted of a series of "two shots" (roughly) where the actors (! ) were fueled by a cowardly plot and that had to improvise the dialogue. Henry Jaglon says he wrote the script with Victoria Foyt, but the impression was that the actors, aware of the direction of the film, had improvised the dialogue - which has not always been successful. So, Ron Silver made a comment that really did not follow the conversation (and I do not go back there to look for it!) And Greta Scacchi burst out laughing as she was supposed to do it. to have a serious conversation, because Silver's remark was so little sequential. You also have the impression that an actor is deliberately trying to "hurt" the other actor and to break his concentration. Another case of this type occurs when a producer asks Silver "to bring the documents & *% # @ # ^" (3 times). Silver seemed literally lost for words. I saw another film that looked like a series of drama workshops on improvisation that was awful too! <br /> <br /> The fact that Jaglon was able to attract Greta Scacchi (unknown to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell suggest it was a "slow news week" for them. Peter Bogdanovich had a threatening look at all times and I was expecting him to say, "Look, I'm a director and a screenwriter - not an actor" - which would have been useless to say! Faye Dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son, Liam. In addition to the ransacking of the dialogue, the hand-held camera became irritating, although it was plausible - as I suppose the "natural" dialogue was - and the interest in the directors was replaced by interest for various young people walking the strand trying to creep in blow. This has at least approached Cinema Verite. So, with the irritating French singing during which I used the mute button, you took 90 minutes generally disappointing. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid such apotheosis. Trying to see the value of the film where he has little credit to justify a perceived transcendental level is wrong. There was really nothing avant-garde about it. It did not seem like a work of art, and yet it was not a documentary either. I know it was a documentary, but the real test is whether it's entertaining. I was bored with my skull! There was a redemptive element: he pronounced "Cannes" correctly, so I gave him 3/10.
