'I do not understand. It does not mean anything! Exclaims an exasperated character towards the end of Death Smiles at Murder. Having watched this completely confusing film, I know exactly how he feels. The story of the director of the film Aristide Massacessi (the good old Joe d'Amato who uses his real name to change), is an awkward mix of supernatural, murder / mystery and pretentious artistic waste, which will probably appeal to those who admire the trippy waste of the 70s, such as Jess Franco's strangest efforts, but which kept me from being conscious. <br /> <br /> Opening with a hunchback crying the death of his sister-in-law (with whom he had a Death Smiles at Murder quickly becomes very confusing when the same woman (played by Ewa Aulin, who plays in 'strange' Death Laid an Egg ') is seen alive and kicking, the only survivor of a coach accident outside the estate of Walter and Eva von Ravensbrück, after having been invited to stay and recovering in their house, where Dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinski plays it uncontrollably) tends to take it, the beautiful lady begins a romantic relationship with Mr. and Mrs. Ravensbrück (which means that the viewers are treated to a few scenes brief, but welcome, of lovin and lesbians). <br /> <br /> "Until then, everything is fine", I said to myself: "We had bumps, incest, blood and courage and nudity free - all the ingredients of a big euro-horror trash; What follows However, it is a lame attempt by Massacessi to combine giallo-style murders, ghostly acts, and even elements of Edgar Allan Poe's "Black Cat," to tell a very silly revenge story, totally mind-boggling and ultimately extremely boring. beyond the grave. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to have quite a few fans here on IMDb, but given the choice, I'd much rather watch one of the director's slower films later in his career; I guess the Gothic horror of the 70s, incomprehensible, sinuous and surreal is not my thing! 2.5 out of 10 (only for cheesy gore and negative behaviors), rounded to 3 for IMDb.
