Horror Fans (I'm talking to people over 12, although if you're under 12, I apologize for what you might think of as an insult): In short, if you appreciate that your imagination is disturbed by original stories well written, punctuated with unpredictable Seeds well planted, and delivered via convincing performances, then I can recommend hotly - AVOID THESE VAPORS - made by directors who seem to have exceeded their date of sale. It is no coincidence that almost every episode has the impression of having occurred in the 1980s. Do not blame the shoulders of some of these old boys (or even 80s), because where would we be us without some movies like Argento, Carpenter, Landis, Dante and Barker (In fact, Clive, WTF I'm glad to see that Romero had the good sense not to think about it because I'm sure he was invited to take part ...). Perhaps we should point more to the creator Mick Garris, whose references include the logic that defies and the disappointing chorus of television from Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece "The Shining". <br /> <br /> This may be an indication of the current state of affairs. television today. Are we so hungry for a good horror on TV that we applaud all the old sloppy schlock that networks excrete on our posts? Unfortunately, maybe yes. <br /> <br /> Normally, I would not see the benefit of adding a comment that does not dispute the flaws and merits of a production, I would just give it a note accordingly. However, as this series is sorely lacking in merit (with the only possible exception of the melody of the theme), I write this as a warning rather than a criticism: DO NOT EAT YOUR TIME AND YOUR MONEY. If you do not agree with me, it is more than likely that you have not seen enough decent horror. Previous films by some of these directors might be a better starting point, but if these "Masters" of Horror had been evaluated solely on those works, they would never have been allowed to graduate, including their bachelor. Unless, of course, they study for a degree from the University Of St ** t.
