Honestly, the concept behind "Masters of Horror" was something special. The great horror directors who are now left behind by the fact that the industry has once again the opportunity to lead the horror, I was quite partisan from the beginning. As long as I have not watched some episodes ... Oh, my TV, it's really bad. It does not just seem that filmmakers have very few budgets to direct their sketches, but there also seems to be some guidelines, like shooting in HD for example. To make a story short, it's bad for artistic and financial reasons. I can not help but compare myself to "Tales From The Crypt" and M.o.H. the episodes do not really compare. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; In my opinion, here are some explanations: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes per episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode), I think it allowed for more dense scenarios, with good ideas returning more often, a better overview of an episode, less likely to let the plot be confusing or boring. This may also be why the budget was better spent in TFTC: filmmakers must have REAL movie composers (composers on MOH are non-existent, very bad), REAL actors (while on MOH, it's nothing but an unknown actor!), Real directors of photography and, this can sometimes help, real film cameras (while MOH is filmed with HD cameras with very sharp lenses) poorly chosen), the result being that the TFTC episodes resembled a "cinematographic" image in the sense that there were real actors, ranging from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth via Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, but also film composers, from Alan Silvestri's lineup, excellent cinematographers like Dean Cundey, high-end screenwriters, and in that sense, every "Tale" was a little film in itself. Compared to TFTC, the "Masters of Horrors" is a rather lame approach to the horror of television. It's very hard to see if your cinematography standards are just a little above average, because they look like ugly, if not worse, TV shows. It gets boring and even boring incredibly fast, usually in the first 10 minutes. The actors are never heard before (with the exception of Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few, but even here they are the only famous actors of their episodes). The developer base for MoH was good at first, but each episode only got worse: now, even if the directors are unknown to the world, what is left? Nothing! And it's funny how they start having completely unknown directors, even though they did not even have, for example, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Red Eric, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy ... If even the "Masters of Horror" can not bring dead directors back to life, who will? Maybe a cover of Tales from the Crypt will do it.
