I first heard about Unisol 2 when I walked past a movie theater while on vacation in America. I really did not pay much attention until I bought the original DVD, which allowed me to discover its three suites. I then started reading about the return on the IMDB and asked friends what they thought. In spite of their terrible criticisms, I still put to the task and I was about to buy it before seeing it for rent on DVD. I did not expect much, but I thought it was almost decent to get a theatrical release in the United States. After all, how often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could have prepared me for that. It's so terrible that I almost cried. What a total loss of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It is difficult to explain how bad this decision is. Honestly. It's a silly movie. No, it's more than stupid. I just can not believe how that was done. I can not believe anyone did not murder Mic Rogers. As people can be stupid - firstly, Van Damme found the script and the finished movie good. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkley of Terminator 2 and Air Force One has signed up for this film. I just can not believe the stupidity of this movie. It's taken so seriously, but it comes to the public as a travesty. Here is an example: the daughter of JCVD ​​(yes, Luc is human again) - "I want my daddy", SETH - "Me too". Oh yeah, and a guy is trying to close SETH by pulling three huge levers with - wait - ON and OFF written on it. The acting game is like playing at school. I'm sure that Director inspired April O'Neil, Luca's girlfriend journalist, after Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles cartoon - she refuses to go because she "... needs her history". I mean, how many clichés can a movie use? Please listen to other BDIM users - do not touch this with a barge pole Finally, Universal Soldier: The Return has nothing to do with the first movie. In fact, if they were not called UniSols, you would never know it's a sequel. Luc is human again - what's hell!?! The only place he can access the internet is a strip club. Looks like all new Uni Sols have been dragged out of the street, they are unconvincing. It's pure torture to watch, so indulge yourself, do not torture yourself. P.S - Best part of the film: Romeo jumps from a building and shouts "Oh!
