We start with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the first Universal soldier and his great Asian friend being chased on a river by what seem to be universal soldiers. They almost killed both, then oh, wait, it was just a test on the ground. We discover that Deveraux is now part of a government-funded enterprise that is designing the new level of universal soldiers. Why he would like to be involved in all this (if you know anything about the original), that never explains to me and far beyond me. <br /> <br /> It's after this fragile piece that the real story begins. The US government cut Universal Soldier's project budget and, in doing so, angered SETH (the large artificial computer that controls the universal soldiers). Naturally, he will not be stopped without a fight. This means that Van Damme must go around and kidnap the whole new race of universal soldiers. This seems like a fun idea for an action movie and a sequel to give, but that does not stop it from becoming as stupid as possible. <br /> <br /> For example, Bill Goldberg plays one of the new universal soldiers. Looks like you can not go wrong by throwing a wrestler into an action movie. He's fat, he's tough, right? False. Van Damme does not seem to have any problem wiping the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here has lost on me. Then there is the broken glass. A rudimentary part of any action movie, but a person involved must have a glass fetish. You must see the fight scenes in particular. Let's not talk about how no one cuts himself or at least slips. Then, to put the cherry on top of this train wreck, they have SETH (the computer) secure a human body for himself and how appropriate it is to make the black villain (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a good white guy fighting a black villain, it seems. Potentially offensive and just lame. It does not replace Dolph either. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a seedy sequel. It's noisy, it's silly and it does not bother him. The original was not something poetic, but it had a simple meaning with a sci-fi element and entertained at the basic level. The rest does not do. However, they keep their speaking time under ninety minutes and have somehow found a way to sneak into a strip-club sequence. So, give credit when the credit is due.
