OK, I've seen this film become a reference, but it's the best Unisol movie. Luc Devereux is now a technical expert working with the government with his partner Maggie, who has spent countless hours of training and fighting with him. , to refine and perfect the UniSol program with the goal of creating a new, more sophisticated, intelligent and agile soldier breed. All new Unisols, which are faster and more powerful than their predecessors, are connected via an artificially intelligent computer system called SETH, a self-evolving thought-helix. When SETH discovers that the Universal Soldier program needs to be shut down due to budget cuts, it takes things in hand to protect itself. SETH saves Deveraux to those who try to stifle his power and releases his platoon of super-soldiers, led by Rome, muscular, but only because Deveraux has the secret code needed to disable an integrated program that will close SETH. in a few hours. With the help of a hacker named Squid, SETH takes on a human form. Not only must Luc fight against the ambitious journalist Erin, who does not want to leave his side, but he must also face General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH also kidnapped Hillary, Luc's 13-year-old daughter, injured. She is now taking her hostage. Luc is the only person who can save Hillary because he knows how a UniSol thinks, feels and fights. now, there are problems like in any movie, as everyone found it weird to see how a journalist came to be there and the soldiers can be flattened with a truck. However, when Vanne Damme shoots them with a gun, they die and the last fight scene was amazing when Luke became human and Seth is 5 times stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luke can take it . with the final fight when Luke tears him to pieces, I'm really surprised that the pieces do not melt and reform (Terminator 2). Another thing that bothers me is how Vanne Damme makes good actors play the role of parents. In the case of Vanne Damme, it's completely irrelevant to the science fiction of this film. The music score now that must have a mention have you ever listened to a song where you prefer to cut a board with a knife and Universal Soldier 2 is like that. The good thing is that there is no Dolph (HOORAY) and unlike the first film, there is only one scene naked while in the first, there are many (I'm still haunted by the scenes in # 1), as well as the actors of this scene have talent. whereas in the first case, the actors were sadists (if you do not believe me, look at it)
