In his description of a miserable Milanese minority class, this film was probably quite revealing in his day. However, I have the impression that neorealism has never really been the director's bag, since he decided to create a kind of modern fable centered on a boy found in a field of cabbage by an old darling of the country . After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto ends up living in a slum in Milan. He organizes the inhabitants in a community action and keeps their spirits by walking with a boring and constant smile and testing them on their time tables. The fact that no one tells him where to stick his multiplication tables is beyond me, because these people have much more important concerns, like that of the next noodle in the pot. Anyway, De Sica then uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device to highlight the exact reason why these poor nuggets are where they are. Everything depends on capitalism, of course, and to illustrate this, he asks the unfortunate to discover an oil fountain on their territory. Brilliant! To his credit, however, he has now stopped making a serious film and the capitalists appear as severe caricatures, all fur coats and cigars. They want this land, but our mathematical hero will not bear such nonsense. By a strange stroke of luck, his former guardian, who died of spruce spruce, appears in the sky and gives him a magical dove. He uses it to give gifts to his comrades, who are just as greedy as the cigar-men. I think this film was a missed opportunity. Addressing the theme of poverty, as few filmmakers had done until then, then swallowing up in a fairy tale seems a bit silly. How is it that the "big" directors are doing with childish intrigues like the ones we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably have hesitated to make sure that the poor fly over the Milan Duomo and go higher on brooms. De Sica, however, is proclaimed a genius for this. It is certain that the fact that these people are so poor, that their faith is unshakable and that miracles never happen to them is enough for any narrator. <br /> <br />
