The stifled spirit of what is exactly what regards Universal Soldier deserved a sequel. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, could not resume his role compared to the original, there is already no reason to indulge in this obvious tax evasion. Bold attempts are being made to bridge the gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. To their credit, they give their action sequences a good sense of excitement. Bill Goldberg seems to live a breathtaking life with this movie and he tries to satisfactorily fulfill the role of villainous villain required. For once, his role is one of repeating the same sentence several times, and that does not become irritating. The problem from the public's point of view is that none of these gentlemen really have the sense of comic timing or a little humility that makes Lundgren such a pleasure to watch in almost all his films. And that's where the problem lies. You are not going to see a Van Damme movie because you want serious action. You go there because you want comedy, even involuntary. <br /> <br /> Unbeknownst to many people, Universal Soldier was followed by two live movie suites. I only saw the first, where the production values ​​were so bad that one can only wonder if it was an elaborate joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrible in the role of Luc Deveraux that for once in his career, the show of Jean-Claude Van Damme is a welcome relief. The film ignores more or less completely the stories of the sequences quoted above and instead begins a whole new story, defining an undetermined moment after the events of the original. After years of investigation and explanation, the Unisol project is still in progress, with some minor modifications. On the one hand, the new Unisols are stronger and more resistant than their previous cousins. On the other hand, all Unisols are now under the direction of a supercomputer called SETH. In the first parts of the film, SETH exists mainly as a series of abstract graphics in a glass dome. <br /> <br /> Since the film lasts just over eighty minutes, we are quickly told that funding for the armed forces is cut off. The Unisol project is on the cut block, which basically means that SETH will be disabled. SETH, who in one way or another hears this conversation in ways never really explained, decides to mobilize the Unisols as an army against those who seek to close it. His only problem is that from time to time, a code must be introduced into his system in order to prevent an automatic shutdown. Two people have the code in question. SETH kills first in no time, and those who know the plot kit on which Van Damme's films are built will guess within five seconds which will be the second. The rest of the film revolves around Unisol's attempts to extract Van Damme's code without hurting him too much. A secondary plot with a girl and a journalist is integrated into the film, but she adds about as much to the story as Van Damme to acting. <br /> <br /> The film is loaded with ridiculous lines and clichés. When SETH transplants its control module into Michael Jai White's body, we hear a talk about the end of time of humans. He then explains to his soldiers how fear and mortality will be the weaknesses of humanity. Gee, SETH, do you mean they will not be our strengths? Joking aside, the film's short duration is both its weakness and its strength. This leaves the action without proper configuration. In the original, we receive a very detailed explanation of the Unisols, how they work and how they are presented in the state observed in the majority of the film. Here, the writer seems to take for granted that the viewer knows what a Unisol is and how it works. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and wonder was created leaving the explanation later in the film when the hero is lying in an ice bucket. Here, one of the villains is hit by a gun that leaves huge holes in his uniform (and presumably on his body), rising each time without stopping to catch his breath. <br /> <br /> I tend to book a score for movies that are so bad that they become entertaining in a totally unintentional way. If you can see it cheaply, knock yourself out. This is the kind of film that makes me cry the loss of Mystery Science Theater.
