At 16, I saw the documentary: "A funny thing happens on the way to the moon". In fact, I loved and believed for a few years. But then, I grew up and started thinking, and after looking for more information. This is: more information about reels and unbiased sources. When I started university not so long ago, I interviewed an assistant professor of astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: He said that all these theories were wrong. It puzzled me, I did not believe it at first, but then presented evidence in support of his claims. He quickly debunked most theories on the subject: "humans did not go to the moon". The most offensive claim is that the Apollo craft could not cross Van-Allen's radiation belt without the crew perishing from the radiation. The truth is that Americans use a secret anti-radiation aluminum alloy. It's not so well known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it a secret: Well, why should they reveal it at that moment? If they participated in a space race with the Russians, it would be VERY stupid to reveal that they had a new technology that could protect their crews against radiation. <br /> <br /> And then, there is the greatest proof of all: the Moonstones. When the Apollo missions landed on the moon, they brought back many rocks of the moon to geologists and scientists of the same kind, who document everything about the moon. These rocks and stones are IN THE FACT OF THE MOON. Because: the internal basic elements, which constitute the whole matter, also consist of special isotopes, different from one career to another, from one land to another, and in particular from one planet to another. the other. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proven, they do not come from the earth. The astronauts have brought hundreds of kilograms of these rocks home. It has been proven that each of them came from outside the Earth and from the same planet. Ergo: The moon landings were not wrong. NASA actually went to another planet: the moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite towards a planet, the moon (duuh). These rocks have been distributed in laboratories and universities around the world. This has been proven: Humans have gone to the moon - it's a fact, pronto. <br /> <br /> But I do not worry: most conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, so they usually do not know or lie about these facts. The fact remains: humans have walked on the moon.
