It may be the most delayed 80s slasher ever, but how to be tough with a film that features non-stop images of dozens of gorgeous women with exhilarating bodies doing aerobics exercises, taking showers and wandering in narrow gym suits? Before being a horror movie, "Aerobicide" is a 90-minute promotional video to encourage the use of steroids, silicones and other fitness products that stimulate the body. If you leave out all the images of beefy boys lifting weights and delicious girls waving their butts and baskets on unbearable tunes of the 80s, there is probably only about 15 minutes of history left. A lot of time to improvise a plot about a sadistic killer slaughtering young health monsters with a big safety pin (yeah ??). The film begins with an involuntarily hilarious scene where a girl is frying between two electrical devices to tan. Several years later, people fall into the same spa. You do not really need to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to understand that there is a connection between the murders and the fire incident now, is not it? A seemingly braindead police officer (and a Charles Napier look-alike!) And a private detective specializing in the beef cake that is lucky with the greatest beauty of the 80s I've ever seen! While looking through the credits, she is apparently called Dianne Copeland, and she did nothing but this turkey and Troma's idiot film entitled "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a missed opportunity! She may not have been a great actress, but she had two other GREAT benefits that would help her progress in the show. The amount of gore and the quality of the makeup effects are nothing special either. We had two odd daggers with a pin and barbecued human flesh. The twists of the plot towards the end are ridiculous and predictable, but at this point, no one takes the film seriously. "Aerobicicide" ("Killer Workout") is recommended if you want to disable all your brain functions for one night, while still wanting to watch a movie! In fact, it would be a great double function with "Death Spa". Both movies have a lot of sexy girls and barely dressed ?? and both movies are pretty stupid.
