On the surface, this film seems to deal with the psychological process called individuation, that is, how to become a true self by embracing the "dark" side of human nature. So we have the Darkling, a classic, demonic creature desperately seeking the company (ie recognition) of men, and the story revolves around the different ways in which this need is managed, with more or less success. <br /> <br /> However, if we dig a little further, we find that the film actually deals with the relationship you should have with your car, as you would for any other person: - in the scene Opening The Main Scene The character (car mechanic fallen from grace) picks up pieces of car wreckage with his daughter, when a car wreck almost smashes the little girl. Lesson # 1: Cars are people incarnated by an immortal soul. Stealing car wrecks is identical to a grave robbery. The wicked have disturbed the dead and must be punished. - just after that, another character (Rubin) buys a car wreck in order to repair it and sells it as a famous race car, lost and now found, and is warned by the seller. Lesson # 2: Like any other person, a car has a unique identity that can not be changed or replaced. In addition, Rubin sees a hidden quality in what most people simply regard as junk food, but this quality ultimately turns out to be a projection of Rubin's personal greed for more profit. Lesson # 3: You will never treat your car as a means only, but always as an end in itself. - we then have the scene where the main character is presented to Rubin and, more importantly, to Rubin's car: the evaluation of the qualities of the car by the main character does not rest solely on its external appearance, but also on an in-depth look inside the engine room. Lesson # 4: A car should not only be judged by its appearance, it's what's inside that really matters. Sanctions are provided for those who do not keep this lesson in mind, as shown by another man trying to sell Rubin a fake collector's car. This scene also highlights the importance of Lesson 3. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples in the movie of the theme "car = nobody", and I am too tired to take the trouble to quote them all, but the point remains (and I guess that's what I'm really trying to say) that this movie is fun to watch if you have absolutely nothing else to do - or if you're a car enthusiast.
