The Darkling was a very interesting and entertaining film in the presence of F. Murray Abraham. Spoilers: About mid-way through, F. Murray is zapped, because The Darkling is a kind of demon-like creature who likes to live vicariously. He takes the good for nothing and the losers and perverts them further while giving them all they want in terms of success. He feeds on their enjoyment of the seven deadly sins. However, he must find people who may be imperfect but not completely perverse. Otherwise, he can not "pervert" their natural goodness. That's what the little guy said in his voice of Barry White, which I found charming and fun. Especially fun. For example, imagine Barry White if he were a little dwarf and he said to Aiden Gillen: "Dee Plane, Dee Plane, Bos, Come here, Dee Plane!" Throughout the film, Dee Dwarf (actually a robotronic cherub) talks to Aiden Gillen in Barry White's voice, saying things like, "It's good to be bad, you know you want it." "Now that you've committed a murder, you're really moving around the world" and other remarks that look like ads for "Being Evil" or something like that. It's really hilarious in an unhealthy way. <br /> <br /> Anyway, Aiden Gillen is not F. Murray Abraham, and the film breaks as soon as Murray gets the ax (or the stab?). F. Murray brings some happy malice to his role in this film. He is a good actor. Aiden Gillen, meanwhile, has a permanent permanent smile on his face, and he may be looking like his remedial English remedy. The class had never touched the mythological characters and he could not imagine the subject of the film. The end is really scary and yet almost comical. If this film was a parody, the end was perfect. If it was not a parody, then it was scary; but an inexpensive use of a little girl to deliver a brute that the film itself could not deliver. The people who made this movie lost what they wanted to do somewhere before the end. It ended as they realized that they had no more money and had to film a quick end.
