Near the end of Baby Mama, one of the central characters then outlines all the above and summarizes that "everything was just a mess"; I really could not say it better than that. And while functionality has its strange ray of hope from time to time, the vast majority of what is present is too sterilized to be considered relevant and too innocuous to deserve anyone's time. A dull cast, a banal scenario and vague characters and caricatures allow Baby Mama not to tax the old man, but that will never compensate for that with the sense of humor proposed. Composed mainly of jokes of very routine clichés based on a strange couple (rich and poor) trying to live together as they prepare to give birth to a baby, the film is much too esoteric to deliver laughter beyond of his very small demographics. <br /> <br /> As a story about the search for love, it's not so bad, but playing this plot as a kind of parallel story to work alongside the funny tangent of the odd couple, the characterization is remarkably low, which has a lukewarm romance that never makes bubbles. As characters, the two central characters are slightly amusing when they are assembled in small spaces, but when left to their own devices, they quickly untie and reveal their emptiness; So, although we may eventually come to find the character's amusing interactions from time to time, the comedy never ramifies beyond distant laughter; we are not interested in the characters and do not find them intrinsically interesting, but rather their dynamics. Unfortunately, although this dynamic works better, or at least, better than individual characters, as mentioned above, it rarely stems from the typical boundaries of the odd-couple formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful businesswoman who hired Angie (Amy Poehler), a blonde dumbwoman in the working class, to become her unpredictable surrogate mother, and after Angie decided to leave her hopeless husband, Carl (Dax Shepard), both eventually had to learn to live together differences. Yes, it's the typical premise of strange couples and the one we've seen in this year's What Happens in Vegas event. Yet what's missing at Baby Mama is that the aforementioned film is both a chemistry between interpreters and semi-stratified characters. Kate and Angie both fail to show their personality outside their two-dimensional outlines and, as such, both performers are neglected to play roles that require chemistry to produce from scratch. In fact, the only truly captivating performance and character in the film comes from the underused talents of Romany Malco, who gets screwed up playing the role of a door man. Among the few times I laughed at Baby Mama, most of these moments were due to this man and the rest of the time usually fell into Shepard's hands. <br /> <br /> It's a rare thing, of course, to find a film that embodies the themes of the screenplay in the way his world is shot and presented through the camera, yet director Michael McCullers pass on the screen in a sufficiently efficient manner. Yet for a film about babies, multi-million dollar businesses and cultural stereotypes, it's not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is a grade A plastic market town, hammered, made of plastic, with a capital surmounted by sugar. So, not only did I feel emotionally distant from the characters because of their two-dimensional nature, but I just did not care about the world in which they lived. The dialogues, the sets, the costumes and the general themes of the screenplay are painted in pastel blues and pinks, so that all the shades of humanity are lost in the incessant need of the director to make his film a neutral fantasy; they are not characters and this is by no means our world ?? so why should I care? In the end, however, the ultimate measure of the success or failure of a romantic comedy depends solely on its chemistry between its love interests and the frequency of its bursts of laughter; Baby Mama has little to do in these departments. Of course, to say that the film has no value would be unfair. I'm sure that the female audience in a boat similar to that of the main character Kate will have a slight kick of the procedure, but everyone will probably feel numb and probably bored. In this respect, Baby Mama avoids being unbearable, but never manages to be remarkable or worthy of looking at anyone outside of his immediate audience; Comic and romantic mom, Baby Mama is too lucid to be interesting and too superficial to be entertaining. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
