I saw the film at the Belgrade Film Festival last week and I continue to work on the trauma. My point of view seems to correspond to a number of others: the first half hour was fresh, clean, deep, entertaining and promising. Well done too. Natural. My problem, though, is not just that the last hour and a half of the movie has nothing to do with the nice start, nor the fact that I spent most of that time convulsing in a agony provoked by industrial sounds squinting at hooves stuffed with drunkenness, without teeth and without bread. It is rather with the fact that they never warned me !!! The synopsis of the festival brochure described only the first (very intriguing) half-hour of a conversation between a whore, a piano tuner and a meat seller in a bar, pretending to be a advertising agent, a genetic engineer and a small administration official, mention that this is the endless slap to come. It might serve me well not to read the criticisms, but in my defense a number of critics I consulted after the fact did not put any emphasis on the immensity and intolerability of the most much of the film. <BR /> <br /> The first clue should have been the director's introductory words (a shy and tousled Russian girl) who showed up in front of the crowded auditorium (the film seems to be doing incredibly well on the criticism The theaters sold well before the screening, though most of the audience seemed as unaware as I was of the pain ahead, judging by the plethora of supernatural moans and moans that permeated the theater during last half an hour and many exasperated comments at the exit) to say the following: "Well, I ... uh, thank you very much for coming out to see this movie, and I just wanted to say ... well It's a very long film ... it took me four years to do it, and ... it's ... I suggest you see it and try to forget it immediately. coming.' That's what he said, the alarm bells should have sounded, "What is he talking about?" I thought happily, "It's going to be fun!" Of course, by the time his oddly apologetic comments started making sense to me, it was way too late to go out, all I could do was twist my pain until the lights came back And at the end, I can not say that this experience improved me Yes, I absolutely loved the first half hour It was smart, new and had a lot to say And yes, Russia is probably in a bad state Yes, every society has many hidden faces Yes, a life without teeth in barren wastelands is probably incredibly difficult yes yes yes I understand all that I really do, but I do not see any earthly reason for which art and meaning should be so painfully drawn and painful to bear.If you want to see a movie land between the extremes of Hollywood's fantastic plastic and hours of muddy vodka, try the Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3- Iron) It's artistic and surprising, but also practical and fun.
