I am beginning to think that there is a conspiracy: that is to say, a considerable amount of money paid to those who have access to the chronicles published in the newspapers and magazines of cinema and art to ensure that that this or that film, despite its darkness, achieve a higher status through a ranking point that will mark it a "universal acclaim" or something in that range, thus ensuring that unsuspecting people (like me) will go to the theaters or rent the bloody thing, waiting for a surprise, and then find myself running to the bathroom for upchuck. <br /> <br /> This film is one of them. This definitely got me all the posts I meet because it's clear that two things might have happened: either I did not understand the message so much hidden under the inner realms of this film that it is impossible to access, or they and I watched two entirely different movies sharing the same name. 4 is a dirty trick for the public. No wonder it appeared and disappeared faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that, despite the rating given to Metacritic, nobody had heard about it. It's terrible with sugar on it. <br /> <br /> First, there is number four always present from beginning to end. Even if a little symbolism happens here and there, and that it has been done with more or less success in many well-known films, this film is panting. At the beginning of the film, four dogs were looking at the camera in a deserted street, when suddenly machines fell in the foreground and tore the asphalt. Four people in a bar, even if one of them is a non-entity. Three of them separate but are nevertheless connected, not only to each other but also to what their life is not. Although this concept may work, the film winds so much - especially with the story of the so-called model portrayed by Marina Vovchenko, who enters the territory of the person extremely bizarre and not in a good way - that the original theme lost in the translation. Or maybe, as I said before, I did not understand it. The problem also lies in the fact that so much time is spent on Marina's story (about the death of her sister, caused not by the chewing of bread, but also by the acute mourning that ensues ), that any interest for inherent surrealism disappears a trace. So what happens if the same horrible stories that the three strangers exchanged at a bar seem to have a truth of their own? The director does not spend a lot of time linking them together, or creating a tighter story that could, in the manner of David Lynchian, intersect with the past and present, or in alternative dimensions, or even as simple trivial science. fictional story. It's a tough battle against an insurmountable wall that only a saint (or someone weird for strange) could endure.
