MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those films whose story is more interesting than the film itself. It was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his year of apprenticeship and his first film debut. Here, he plays one of his last roles as villains (although the feature film TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE is yet to come) and also marks one of the last times he will work for a director other than himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with director and co-starred Mabel Normand almost drove her off the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin did not get along with his previous directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his The autobiography that was to follow the instructions of a simple "girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly over the film. Chaplin was still a newcomer at Keystone and his colleagues did not know what to do with him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was about to fire Chaplin when he learned that the newcomer's films captivated the exhibitors' attention and that the exhibitors wanted more, as soon as possible. Unfortunately, none of these dramas are visible on the screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which resembles a typical Keystone chaos. The story is about a motor racing in which Mabel's handsome boy (Harry McCoy) has to play, but the villain Charlie and his henchmen kidnap the boy and Mabel has to drive in his place. Despite all that is happening around us, the throwing of brick and biting fingers, the film is frankly lacking in laughter, but there are some points of interest. The sequence of the race contains a good cinematography and a good editing, although there are not really gags, but a lot of frenetic activities. Chaplin himself looks odd, sporting a goat-shaped beard on his chin and wearing the top hat and frock coat he wore during his very first appearance in the film, Making of Living, but the outfit suits the old-fashioned ugly it displays. At least, it's new to see him play such an unusual role. Keystone pillars such as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a strangely dandified outfit, and a more characteristic Mack Sennett, spitting tobacco and performing his unscrupulous reflex routine, are visible in the stands of the circuit. As an interpreter, Sennett was about as subtle as the films he produced, but he must be given credit: he knew what people liked. These films were extremely popular in their day. Mack's performance did not add much to MABEL AT THE WHEEL, but he probably had to be there to shoot it to make sure his stars would not kill each other.
