Who would have liked a sequel to the legendary bad film of Bert I. Gordon "The food of the gods"? Nobody, of course, but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea, anyway, and he put together a late sequel that is one of the most redundant films in horror history. "Gnawing" is a sequel only in the name, as the frame has been moved to a typical late 80s location (a college campus) and the cheap and cheesy gore effects perfectly illustrate the 80s. 'articulates around clichés, terribly written dialogues and plot situations that are not subtly stolen from more successful horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a seasoned scientist who conducts regular rodent culture experiments to help a fellow scientist. Due to narcotic animal rights activists, huge and voracious rats escape and devour just about everyone on campus. Following the good old tradition that Spielberg's "Jaws" began, there is a hateful Dean who refuses to admit the problem even though seriously mutilated corpses are found everywhere. During a grotesque hysterical climacus, the rats invade the opening ceremony of the new campus sports complex! | "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad and so very fun to watch! The characters do and say incredibly stupid stuff (like going down the unarmed sewers while they KNOW it's infested with rats), the acting is awful and there's a really weird sequence where the hero has sex under the influence of growth serum! I wonder what would be Freud's theory about it! There is a satisfactory amount of gore and sleaze and ?? it must be said ?? the music is surprisingly atmospheric. If you can not get enough of this junk, there are a lot of creature traits engraved on mutated rats, like the Italian film on the schlock "Rats: Night of Terror", the modest cult movie of the 70s. Willard "and his The Sequel" Ben ", the" Willard "remake of 2003 starring Crispin Glover and the amazing recent good rat movies of the once-famous directors, Tibor Ticaks (" Rats ") and John Lafia (" The Rats "). Become crazy!
