After reading the many comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of science fiction moviegoers. There are those who are well read, extremely literate and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, they know how far it can go in the hands of a talented author. For many years, science fiction has dragged into the basement of literature. My most critical critic is little more than stories of ray guns and aliens for pre-pubescent teens. The general public today knows this story well and knows the great writers Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction out of this basement. In doing so, they created intelligent and stimulating stories that pushed the boundaries and redefined the human condition. These well-informed fans criticize everything Hollywood throws at them. They are not essential for everyone's interest, but look at each offer with a skeptical eye. (As it should be, the Hollywood record has not been so brilliant.) For these fans, history must be of paramount importance. They can not be deceived by flashy computer images and non-stop action sequences. When the emperor has no clothes, he shouts the loudest. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction viewer has little knowledge of the written aspect of the genre. (Look at many of the comments above that say, "Well, I have not read the book or anything from this author ...)." Their total exposure to science fiction is drawn from movies or The Scifi Channel They Are Extremely Uncritical, Ready to Go If you give them a good dose of wiz-bang action and awesome special effects, they are ready to turn off their critical thinking (or maybe have them they never had!) Example, I Robot Although supposedly based on the news of Asimov and named after one of his novels, it contains little of what he wrote and even less of what he tried to tell us about humanity and our Robotic Creations (Those of you who will buy I, Robot will be very surprised, this movie is not even based on this story!) <br /> <br /> The movie has huge holes in the plot, that some places are pushed to the limit of credulity.I will not report them you are fed on the cui You have to practice thinking and discovering them yourself. The characters, named after many of Asimov's characters, lack the critical intelligence that characterized his stories. The plot itself with all its action sequences goes against everything that the author defended. His belief that humanity has the ability to solve problems using their minds, not their fists, is essential to understanding their vision of the future. In short, other than the name, there is very little Isaac in this movie. There will always be non-critical (ie, unthinking) people who will say, "The film does not have to look like the book, and because of the support, the movies sometimes require changes." But what about the case where the film never tried to stay close to the book (or books) from the beginning? And if all they took from the written work was the title? This begs the question: why tarnish a big corpus by slapping its title on your piece of empty shit? Save money and do not buy the rights to the works. Title this something else. Do not use the names of the character. Believe me, nobody will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact, it does not matter what you call the unread spectator who accepts everything you throw at him. But it will disturb those who read, who think, who do not want to just let you give them a nice show of light. <br /> <br /> I, Robot, like much of the Hollywood thesis on gender, pushes science fiction back into the basement in which she lived years ago. Hollywood could not do this alone. It takes an uncritical and critical public who will accept such a childish dredge.
