After browsing the Internet, I found the "Homefront" series on DVD at ioffer.com. Before anyone was excited, the DVD game I received was burned by a home-made videotape lover recorded on their television 15 years ago. The resolution and quality are poor. The images look like those expected from an old re-recorded video. Although the ads have been removed, the end credits of each episode still contain voice-over ads for the segway in ABC's "Nightline" news program, with the most popular news headlines from the beginning 1990s. Even with poor image quality, the programs were under surveillance and the sound quality was good. <br /> <br /> The cast was almost perfect. Everyone was believable and really watched the game. Their game was also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf is particularly well played by Kyle Chandler (recently seen in the remake of King Kong in 2005). The period costumes were very authentic, as were the sets, especially the kitchens of the 1940s with period appliances and decorations. The direction was as creative and different for a TV show at that time. For example, character conversations were sometimes associated with conversations on the same subject between characters from different scenes. The dialogue of the different conversations was kept fluid despite the reduction and the fourth between the different characters and places. It takes a good direction and a good edition and they made it work in this case. <br /> <br /> As I began to watch this series, I suddenly remembered why I had lost interest 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a good show, the storylines and scenarios are disappointing and confusing from the start. On the one hand, the name of the show itself is totally misleading. At the end of the Second World War, in 1945, there was no more fighting, so it was obvious that there was no more "home front". Curiously, the first episode of the series "Homefront" begins in 1945 after the end of the war. It's like shooting the first episode of "Gilligan's Island" showing rescued shipwrecked people. The principle of the namesake of the series is completely lost. I was still hoping with the possibility that the rest of the series would be a step back, but no, the whole show is from 1946 to 1948. Moreover, this series fails miserably in any attempt to accurately portray a historical event of the late 1940s. From the third episode, it becomes clear that this series is nothing more than a vehicle barely veiled an ultra-left political agenda. The show takes place at River Run Ohio, near Toledo. However, the current theme of the series on racism makes it more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr., who represent the Davis family, are part of the group. A large part of the series shows that the Davis family is discriminated against by the so-called "whites" to the point of being ridiculous and totally absurd, even laughable. Hollywood has played the card of racism and has surpassed it for more than 40 years. We understood. We are also tired of having a nose in the nose every day. The subject of racism is also unpopular with viewers and is the kiss of death for any show, as was the case for "Homefront". The acting talents of Williams, Winston and Macer were wasted in their stereotyped roles "Frightened / Angry Black Family". The overly exaggerated racism in this series suggests that everyone in Ohio was a member of the KKK or something of the sort. The issue of racism could have been addressed in this show in a single episode with a simple punch in the nose or a fight in the fist in which a bigot gets a well-deserved beating and stays there. Devoting a large part of the series to racism really ages very quickly and is just stupid. <br /> <br /> In another ridiculous scenario, the big boss of a local factory (Ken Jenkins) is described. as a character of Ebenezer Scrooge who is against pensions and does not fear that acid drips on his employees. The workers revolt and seize the factory in a pro-Communist propaganda message to the viewer. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this series had great potential. Writers could easily have placed the chronology in 1941 ?? 1945 as the title suggests and shows the difficulties of rationing food and gas and working 14 hours a day in the war factories. Of course, the loss of brothers, sons and husbands who fought abroad would also have contributed to the tragedy. The situation was also ideal for writing in special stars as military or USO personnel crossing their city during training or en route to Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities for good scenarios and good intrigues are endless. But no, the authors of Homefront (David Assael and James Grissom) have completely ignored any relevant or interesting plot. Instead, they totally missed the point and went astray in a bizarre obsession with racism and leftist politics. It would be unfair for the actors to condemn the whole series, but the intrigues and situations in which they were placed are a pure tear.
