Yes, Kazaam is one of those horribly bad movies that reminds almost everything that is wrong with children's movies, but with humanity. Here, we have Shaq as a rapping genius - yes, a RAPPING genius - where he does everything, whether he makes bad word games or dresses silly, all ending in a pose in the likeness of the Christ with a lot of light around him. So, yeah, expect some really cute things, including the first wish: a lot of junk food falling from the sky (and, sadly, do not knock out the two main characters, especially the kid). What one could not hope for is that a movie with a girl and Shaquille O'Neill would be so incredibly schmaltzy! The main plot of the film is about this kid, interpreted in the manner too typical and annoying by the great-grandson of Frank Capra (where the kid cries his dialogue with anger), which falls on a genius. who was trapped in a boom-box. Then, "clarity ensues" when the kid makes the Shaq-Genie his quasi-slave while he waits his last two wills to try to be forgiven to his father absent ganglake type. <br /> <br /> This A really sappy and artificial story of a son and father would already be bad enough, because some sentences were pronounced in a million other movies (that is, the speech of two chances in life "from father to son). But it's Shaquille O'Neill who is both the reason to watch the movie (ironically) and the obvious basic knot that is being damaged. His intrigue pushes him, when he does not receive Capra's overly talkative treatment, to rap in dialogue and begin his flourishing recording career. In addition to that, he is also kicking ass and takes names with the main bad guys who claim it. So, is there a camp factor in the movie? To a certain extent, but it's even stifled by all the muddy scenes and "heart-sensitive" moments that really have no relation to the rest of the material. One might wonder if the people who make the film, who were obviously doing it to please the popularity of a BASKETBALL player who wanted to follow Michael Jordan's movement, would be almost decent, entertaining or compelling. I hope they also knew they were just paid. But I hope even more that they feel at least a bit guilty after feeding the Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So, if you want to spend a good night of Shaq as a genius turned rapper-turned-wisecracker, all the more fun for you. Hell, it might even be interesting to spend an evening at the Shaq Cinema with this other, Steel, its other critically acclaimed hit. But if you hope to keep some brain cells, stay away from what is probably the worst film of 1996 and one of many candidates for the worst of the 90s.
