Review KAZAAM and say it's a bad movie is not difficult at all. After all, critics of the moment he came out fell on their heels, exalting this movie - saying it was one of the worst movies of the decade! So the fact that I say it's bad or someone else says it's bad is certainly not a surprise. It's like someone is talking about the Second World War - hardly anyone says it was a good thing, right ?! The question I have and no place on IMDb can answer it is "Why did they create this in the first place ?!". After all, it is obvious to anyone who is not seriously injured in the brain that the film would be horrible. But movies like ED (a chimpanzee who plays baseball), COOL AS ICE (featuring the very popular Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (who does not even have trolls), BABY GENIUSES (superheroes babies similar to Einstain) and PINOCCHIO IN THE OUTSIDE (huh?) Proves that any idea, no matter how stupid, can go to the big screen! So, the idea of ​​the best basketball player of the time playing the role of a genius for a little heinous kid seems downright "normal"! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a kid who is rather jerky typing lockers in the hallway of the school. Like FREE WILLY's punk, this kid is somehow "misunderstood" (that is, a total kid) and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible he is, he will have learned something and grown up at the end of the film. . Once, I want to see a punk kid like this go to jail or be dead at the end of the movie! Finally, while the tyrants of the neighborhood are hitting him, the genie Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) is released by accident and insists to give three wishes to this brat. But, the kid does not believe it AND the magic of genius seems a little rusty. <br /> <br /> Finally, the kid realizes that Kazaam is real. However, unlike most children, he abstains from making his wishes and, in the meantime, Kazaam is obliged to follow him everywhere - as his own personal servant. And, according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the film, Max and Kazaam will have become friends forever and tears will flow. Oh, and Max will have finally accepted the fiance of his father and his father (I'm going crazy). Apparently, this genius is a bit of a social worker and a creator of wishes. <br /> <br /> As for Kazaam, Shaquille speaks rhymes through much of the film and even takes a break from rap ... very poorly. I am a middle aged white guy and I think I could probably rap at least as well! He is an amazing basketball player and I heard he was a nice guy, but a rapper ... no way! As for his acting, he was not great, but he had such a personality in the film that it was hard to hate him, even if they had made him do a lot of stupid things. <br /> <br /> Is the movie as horribly awful as you've probably heard it? In the first two-thirds of the movie, I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to be doing her best with an unattractive kid and a bad scenario. However, later in the film, the evil becomes horrible - Kazaam seems too preoccupied with himself to help the child when he really needs it. And, from nowhere, the plot becomes really, really weird - the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (? !!?!) Turns out to be an evil gangster! And, interestingly, this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a genius without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the film is made up of people trying to kill Max and his father. I know the kid was annoying, but it's supposed to be a children's movie !! What part of "trying to kill the kid" writers did not understand?!? Then, in an end that may make this movie the worst children's movie in history, Kazaam becomes god or something and all that sounds like a drug-induced hallucination! That end was even crazier and stranger than THE BLACK HOLE ... and my boy, it hurt my brain! Uggghh - the horrible dialogue was too hard to bear !!! <br /> <br /> Overall, it is a terrible film that is mainly due to writers certainly completely crazy. Yes, my friends, with a messed up message, strange material not suitable for children and horrible characters, it's a miserable movie. Unfortunately, given the idea and the actors, it is difficult to imagine that the final product is even worse! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see a genius in a modern world movie that's GOOD, try The British made for the TV movie "Bernard and the Genie" - a charming film and exceptionally well written from beginning to end.
