This 1996 film was Jane Eyre's first adaptation I've ever seen and when I did, I was shocked. Much of the novel had been left out and I thought William Hurt was terribly misunderstood like Rochester. Since then, I have looked at all the other remarkable adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of '44, '70 and '97 and the three mini-series of '73, '83 and 2006, and I noticed that There are worse adaptations. and worse Rochesters. <br /> <br /> This is without a doubt the most exquisite adaptation of Jane Eyre in cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli admires long shots of snow falling from a winter sky, solitary Rochester standing on a rock and Jane looking out the window - but he is less adept at telling a story and giving life to the characters. In addition, his script only scratches the surface of the novel leaving many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately, it does not include the humorous side of their sex either. There are a number of brief conversations between Jane and Rochester, each of which has been beautifully staged, but the few exchanged phrases are not enough to show the audience that he is attracted to the other. We know they are supposed to fall in love, but we never really see it happen. The scene in which Rochester wants to discover Jane's reaction to her dilemma by putting her case in a hypothetical form in front of her after Mason's departure, wounded, is totally absent and the farewell scene, the most important scene - the point culminating - the novel is reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistake that other writers have made by substituting their superb writing for Brontë's superb replicas. The crucial scenes are not completely changed and rewritten either, but he makes a mistake as shocking as it is big, leaving aside many important scenes. . What remains is only a glimpse of the novel, which does not do justice to Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The cast is a mixture: Although Fiona Shaw is an excellent Mrs. Reed, Anna Paquin's young Jane is worse off, pouting Lolita than a lonely little girl, eager for love. The always reliable Joan Plowright makes a very nice, but far too clever Mrs. Fairfaix, and one can not help thinking that Billie Whitelaw is supposed to play the role of the village witch instead of Grace Poole, looking simple and worker. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as an adult heroine is however physically a perfect choice to play Jane Eyre. If she is 18, lean and frail, with irregular and strong features, she gets closer to my inner vision of Jane than any other actress playing that role. And during the first 15 minutes of his screen, his performance delighted me. Gainsbourgh did a good job of letting the audience guess at the inner fire and the strong will behind the stoic mask. But unfortunately, the script never allows her to further develop the more passionate and animated side of Jane's character. Because of the suppression of so many scenes and the reduction of the number of dialogues, the representation of Jane by Gainsbourgh must necessarily remain incomplete and thus finally unsatisfactory. It's a shame, because with a better scenario, Charlotte Gainsbourgh could have been as good Jane as Zelah Clarke in the 1983 version. <br /> <br /> But even if it's still obvious that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, There is no trace of Rochester in the character of William Hurt. Hurt, who proved to be a good actor in many quality films, had to be aware of his nature and typography so different that he did not even try to play Rochester's role in the novel. His Rochester, in addition to being blond and blue-eyed, is a noble, sweet and well-mannered voice, timid and calm, slightly strange and eccentric, but fundamentally kind and gentle. He is so far from being irascible, gloomy, and sinister that the lines that refer to these traits of his character seem quite ridiculous. In addition, during many moments in the film, Hurt's facial expression suggests that he is fighting against the acute attacks of sleeping sickness. Especially in the proposal scene, he grimaces like a patient under general anesthesia and can barely keep his eyes open. If you compare his character from Rochester to the willing and charming protagonist of the novel, simply bursting with energy and temperament, it's no wonder that many viewers are disappointed with Hurt's performance. Nevertheless, it offends me less than the Rochesters in the versions of 70, 97 and 2006 and I would generally rank this Jane Eyre higher than these three others. Hurt obviously had the intelligence to recognize that he could not be the Rochester of the novel and was not trying to do so, whereas George C. Scott, Ciaran Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could do it, but failed miserably, and I preferred to watch a character other than Rochester than a Rochester who is badly played. And I prefer to watch a film by Jane Eyre that leaves many lines of the novel, but does not invent new ones, rather than a version that uses modern dialogues that sound as if they could be spoken by a couple of today in a Starbucks cafe. Although this Jane Eyre is a failure, it is at least harmless, which is more than we can say the same adaptations of 1997 and 2006. I will not prevent anyone from watching this adaptation: you will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a beautifully made film.
