... and you can look at this statement in different ways, by the way. First of all, it's a mess because of all these horrible and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imagination is not even close to some of the scenes explicitly shown here. Entire parts of this film are simply sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal and make you vomit. Now, I love horror movies and I am very pro-violence, but I think that must lead somewhere !! Is it too much to ask? Cradle of Fear is just a series of completely sick and twisted thoughts. The "film" contains four distinct chapters connected by an enveloping story. This results in countless manifestations of torture, murder and illness, the only way to discover that the victims have something in common. Not very informative, if you ask me. And yet, it must be said, the basic idea of ​​the plot certainly has potential. This is a cannibalistic hypnotist who has bargained with the devil himself for revenge and causing misery and death to everyone involved in his trial. Personally, I think it's an interesting subject. They should have focused more on this subject instead of wanting to create the most disgusting movie of all time. <br /> <br /> Secondly, all the production of this film was a mess. They did not have much budget and they spent all in fake blood and guts ... Tons! Actor performances are a joke and some of the worst I have ever seen. All special effects other than make-up have a very amateurish appearance (such as this realistic car accident attempt, for example). There is no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere ... not even an attempt to build one. <br /> <br /> The cradle of fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. With the presence of the death metal icon Danni Filth (Cradle of filth..get the link?), This film is obviously only the eyes of twisted teenagers who try to provoke controversy. Distressed girls and boys who take pleasure in worrying their parents by looking at shit like this. And then people continue to complain that the number of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing ... Bah. I imagine this movie can do a lot of damage when you're easily influenced or you have an unstable mind. This film is an insult to all self-respecting horror fans.
