Did someone who made this film, especially the director, have a thought for the logic of the screenplay? These are not mere intrigues, but intrigues of pits, which become deeper and deeper as we lose all sympathy for the main character and his fate. In other words, if you are kind enough as a spectator to valiantly ignore the fact that, for most movies, the characters are servants of the plot, or boring and improbable. Or, in the case of the characters of Downey and Hannah, apparently superfluous. Reflecting on the reason for the film's existence on the main character of Downey in the film, I decided that the director had liked his character or not and had unnecessarily increased his projection time (really necessary) or that his character was going to be sacrificed on the altar of the bad plot. I'll let you guess which one it is. <br /> <br /> I had to constantly check the jacket of the DVD to confirm that it had been done by credible talent. I do not understand why Robert Altman would accept this job. He surely has the power to choose. In fact, I do not understand why anyone would accept this scenario, with the exception of a novice director looking for the experience. <br /> <br /> I guess Robert Downey Jr. needed the money for his habit. I guess Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I guess Robert Duvall only got a few pages of the script and thought that the role alone seemed intriguing. These are the only motivations that would compel good actors to play roles in this movie. As for Robert Altman, he made a lot of effort to make the film fantastic. I realized how he had framed such and such a scene, used the bright orange bullet-proof vests in another scene to draw eye movements or imposed a beautiful filter to create a special mood. In general, I do not notice such things in the movies, because most of the movies that I take the trouble to look at the end actually engage me for reasons of interesting narrative storytelling and interesting characters with understandable motives . I watched it all the way because a ridiculous element of optimism in me kept looking at the jacket of the DVD and I was convinced that because of the talent involved, there had to be a redemptive factor in this film. <br /> <br /> Beautiful direction. But that's not why I watch movies.
