Cradle of Fear <br /> <br /> This is not a film where subtle delicate narrative nuances take up our attention. This is not a film where special effects are supposed to leave us speechless expressing that whoa feeling. What is good is a slice of horror low that leaves little imagination, created in the eyes of the director, Alex Chandon, as "a return to the horror of the 70s and 80s" . <br /> <It is a very visceral experience lasting 2 hours, where four intrigues are connected by a lot of liquid blood, twigs of dismembered body parts and viscera, linked by an intestinal thread of vengeance. <br /> <br /> The supplier of this horrific violence is Dani Filth, the singer of metal band Cradle of Filth, who plays the role he was destined to play. <br /> <br /> As others have said, wanting revenge for occultism is not new. In this particular context, a predator and convicted sex murderer, Kemper, the father of our vengeful vengeful angel, forces his son to demand retribution from those who are so committed to condemning him to purgatory in a lunatic asylum. . What this gives to Chandon, who deserves to be congratulated for having also written and edited this piece, is the opportunity to let his sick mind escape. He seems to enjoy the idea of ​​splashing blood in the holes of those who are on the screen and in every accessible nook and cranny. We are also treated to close-ups of crushed skulls, demonic rapes and other varied images to engage those who like to get closer and personal to their horror. And for some of those who follow this type of film closely, there is a strange sequence that might make you think, "Have I just seen what I thought I did," because of course Pretty Woman this 'aint. It reminds me of some of the gore celebrations caused by Italian horror 20 or 30 years ago, as well as many other works in which disgusting images have left their mark, but not the context in which they were seen. <br /> The story 4 of the series is particularly intriguing because the idea of ​​an obsession can lead to death in the pursuit of violence on the Internet through the "Sick Room", where the user controls how a life can be smothered. We must also congratulate ourselves on the quality of the soundtrack that allows Filth to exercise his day talent and make efficient use of the drums and bass, often neglected in making films as a viable form of visual support. Using the city of London as a backdrop with real people, as opposed to movie replacements, also adds support for the movie's commando feel. OK, it may not be classic, but the blood, the bowels, the intestines, the occult and the demons in a slightly perverse and trouble-free way.
