I had read a lot of good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so my expectations were always crushed. But they were crushed more than expected. The film would have been a decent film if I had not read the novel in advance, which may have ruined it. <br /> <br /> Anyway, for whatever reason, the Toulon labor camp has been turned into a ship full of galley slaves. The scene at Bishop Myriel was good. In fact, aside from the galleys, things survived until Fantine's dismissal. Because we do not want bad things to happen to a good woman, she does not cut her hair, does not sell her teeth and does not prostitute herself. The worst thing she does is run into the Mayor's office and spit in his face. Bamatabois is entirely eliminated. Tholomyes is the deceased husband of Fantine, and not an irresponsible dandy, because there is no need to talk about having children out of wedlock. Valjean can go get Cosette for Fantine before the Champmathieu affair, so they find themselves happy, another change. Then comes the convent, a scene quite difficult to screw up. Fortunately, it was saved. After three minutes of precision, the film begins to turn to the Classic Novel Butchering. <br /> <br /> While Cosette and Valjean cross the park, they come across Marius speaking at a meeting. About the prison reform. When he comes to give leaflets to Valjean and Cosette, he says that the only line of the film that made me scream in front of the television. "We are not revolutionaries." I heard Victor Hugo struggling in his grave. Of course, they are revolutionaries! They want to revolt against the pseudo-monarchy in place in favor of another republic, stupid scriptwriters! It is a historical fact that an insurrection took place against the government in 1832. <br /> <br /> At one point, Cosette will donate to her father's Marius for the reform movement and meet Eponin . Except that ... not Eponine. Or at least not the Eponine of the book. This Eponine seems to be a well-off secretary who works for prison reformers (who work at Café Universel instead of Café Musain). Not to mention that the public is already used to hate it with its tight fitted dress and casual dress. <br /> <br /> The prison reformers (led by the most misguided Enjolras I've ever seen) decide that distributing pamphlets is no longer enough. So, they will build barricades. I do not know about you, but I have never heard of reformist movements destroying the streets, building barricades and attacking government troops. About three hundred people (it was not supposed to be so many) begin to attack the National Guard and build a series of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, fortunately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is quite accurate, except that Javert's suicide seems difficult to understand, again, thanks to its tiny screen time and the interpretation of strange characters. The film ends with Valjean watching Javert jump into the river. This is again inaccurate because Valjean would never have let Javert drown. He saved the man's life sooner, why let him die now? Then there is all the ignorance of Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration and redemption on his deathbed, with Marius and Cosette at his side. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can mainly blame the scenario for the problems that are caused to it. Although I am happy that Enjolras and Eponine are at least present in the film, they were terribly misunderstood, as was the whole barricade scene. The elimination of Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too much pity for her. That Cosette knows the past of Valjean since the beginning spoils the plot. I did not even see Thenardier, and Madame Thenardier had only a few seconds on the screen. The same thing with Gavroche. I did, however, like Frederich March's interpretation of Valjean, which was one of the most reductive features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, despite his excellent acting roles in other films, seems to have missed the goal with Javert. The lip was shaking, the useless cries and his game in general were all very bad. Like many Javerts I saw, it did not appear threatening at all, which was a requirement of the character. <br /> <br /> Again, this movie would probably feel a lot better if I had not read the book. I would not recommend it to purists though. I would also say that the film would have been a good adaptation for the moment if the French version, infamous, was not accurate, published the year before.
