When I tell people that I consider movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is, "What do you think of this or that film?" There are some problems here. First, there is a good chance that I did not see it and therefore, I ruin my reputation. Secondly, I could throw the film in question without realizing that it's actually their favorite. Finally, I could watch DVDs so that they can judge my opinion. I find myself sitting in front of "The Convent", a movie that I would completely ignore if I chose it but could not avoid it here. Too bad, because this horrible horror is as scary as a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> After clichés worn, "The Convent" focuses on a group of American high school students on a trip. in a convent abandoned in order to get screwed, pose and slightly scared. But you will never guess what will happen next? A group of demon and cannibal nuns emerge from the webs of spiders who then kidnap the children, one after the other, in the tradition of classic horror movies. Will some of them survive and, more importantly, do not you worry better? <br /> <br /> The only thing that prevents "The Convent" from being a complete waste of time is the fact that no one really takes this seriously, except for Coolio's weird cameo as hyperactive policeman with an itchy finger trigger. It's far too much fun to scare - the zombie cheerleader who makes squeak noises for no reason, painting tasks that resemble those of the day that appear when you become a zombie - but what really kills him like a horror, c when someone will jump and be murdered in a disorderly manner. But even if they tried, I still doubt that it works. Demon nuns made up in this way that you will see in the television series "Buffy the Vampires" are not so scary. The most frightening thing about this film is that more than 10% of the voters have attributed it to the maximum. I mean, I know it's funny, but I barely split myself. To be honest, I had more fun at a dentist. <br /> <br /> "The Convent" is not really a horror movie as such. It's more like a horror comedy like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead" but you laugh at it instead of. Honestly, I can not recommend it to anyone except the family of actors and the team, but even then, I doubt they would like it. I do not like the genre "so bad it's good" - I personally think that if filmmakers do not want to save a turkey, I should not break the ball trying to look at it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they really should have gone home and do something more constructive. A cube of Rubik, for example. The DVD box contains two price stickers - one for £ 4.99 and a discounted £ 3. But it was sold for £ 1 and that should tell you everything you need to know about this cheap, terribly bad poxy film. Sorry if you like that, but "The Convent" is really a bunch of unholy shit.
