Morne. Schlocky. Simply terrible and awful. Let's be honest, when you sit down to watch something called The Double-D Avenger, you do not expect great art or even ordinary entertainment. You probably expect a type of cult movie and you may have a good look at some impressive busts. You really do not get either in the video. The story, which fits most of these types, is meaningless: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, discovers that she has breast cancer, travels to South America for a fruit that claims to be a panacea for all human skills giver, come back and fight, disguised as Double-D Avenger, a group of a local striptease club eager to beat the competition. Over the course of the stories, I have seen much worse, but as another reviewer has noted, the execution is horrible. The action sequences lack motivation, motivation and are very thin. The game of actors is not even properly camped and the dialogue is made up of pits. Nothing, and I mean NOTHING funny word games with big breast references. Everyone could be forgiven if the girls could catch up, but they are all far from the goal. Kitten, Haji and Raven of the Cross are all old enough (still charming in their own way) but they do not expose anything and become the antithesis of what they are trying to be: older caricatures and campers of their old selves . Instead, they look so lame and desperate - more because of the vehicle they "play" rather than their own abilities. There are other beautiful women, but you really do not see much. PG -13 could certainly be an appropriate note for this. The material, the actresses and the director are all tired, tired and dated - and again - not funny! It was a brutal time and it was a shame because I was expecting something fun and fun. The guy who plays Bubba by the way was the only real laughter for me. Not that he was good at all, but every time he opened his mouth, I kept telling him how awful he was. The only positive point here is to see Mr. Sci-fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, play the role of curator of a wax museum and discuss with his Frankenstein, his loving Frankie. Other than that, it's a complete bust - now how is it for another word game tired, terrible, banal!
