I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who plays the main character, Marvin Mange, in this movie.) He said that he wanted so much to emphasize the physical comedy that even if the volume was cut, you would laugh to this film. Obviously, that must be the secret. I made the volume up. In fact, I was listening to this thing and I thought it was a disaster, and absolutely not funny - a big disappointment after Schneider's hilarious performance in "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo". <br /> <br /> The story is stupid: Eat is a big loser who dreams of being a policeman who gets filled with a pile of animal transplants after a car accident by a type of mad scientist , appropriately named Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), begins to lose control of his "animal instincts". "It makes him a" supercop. "He can detect drugs hidden in body cavities and outrun horses, and of course he has the bad habit of eating people's cows and trying to seduce their goats, but it's probably a small price to pay? It just did not do anything for me. <br /> <br /> The distribution leaves a lot to be desired Is there a more irritating actor in Hollywood than John? McGinley Here he plays Sgt Sisk, the police police commander of Mange, played a disgusting cartoon character (about the same as his doctor character in the inexplicably popular "Scrubs" television series). Something in this movie can be called "serious?") She of course acquired her fame as a candidate for the first "Survivor" and she proves here what we knew thanks to that: she is cute as a button. What she does not prove here is that she has a slow discernable as an actress. And what's going on with Ed Asner as Wilson's Chief of Police. I mean, how old is this guy now? He is the size of some of the cows that Eger tried to eat and he seemed breathless throughout his journey. I'm surprised he survived the shoot. Adam Sandler (who was also executive producer) gave a brief overview of the end. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I laughed twice: Eat playing with his creaking toys in the police car and the scene Schneider has with Haskell and the orangutan - the orang-utan has more acting talent! So for two giggles - 2/10.
