Watching the first 30 minutes of Sands of Oblivion gave me great hopes. It seemed like I was going to have a cheaper version of the mummy. The configuration was promising, Cecil B. Demille realizes in the 1920s his opus The Ten Commandments. It seems that by using real Egyptian artifacts for the set, they have triggered an ancient and terrible evil (is not it always?). Conscious of what had been unleashed, DeMille ordered to bury the whole set instead of the usual practice of demolishing it. Let's hope that the evil will be buried with her forever. Then we go to the present where a team tries to search the site (first mistake of the film, but these costumes are expensive and it is a sci-fi movie). The first observations we get from the Anubis monster are well done and it's a costume in which they put a little effort, and not the usual CG effect to cheese. Then the body counts begins. This is where the film was turned to the south for me. Reactions to people dying in a horrible and strange way elicit a strangely moderate response. Once they realize that the old evil has been released again and is about to kill, what does the main actions matter, man and woman? They make the usual stop of the "type who knows the truth but does not tell it to anyone". After getting this vital information, do they share it with peers at the dig site? No, they stop at the hotel to take a refreshing shower and chat pleasantly. Really, I'm not the most motivated person, but if I knew that a demon from ancient Egypt was fleeing and that he was killing everyone in sight and he would come after me, I'd put a little of effort to my step to solve the problem. After this medial section is too long and useless, they manage to destroy the monster of Anubis in the usual way, racing buggy and pulling it with a rocket launcher in front of a pile of phosphorus grenades. For a science fiction movie, it was above the usual shit they put, which does not say much. What disappoints me is that it could have been a lot more if someone had written a decent script for that.
