I am a student of cinema and this for several years. And the concept of satirical chimpanzee, cyber, kung-fu, made me wonder: "Is this the film that will break the mold?" Let's face it, no movie with a simian star dropped America. After great classics such as "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In", I thought the best ideas had already been taken. But then comes "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I cried, I considered suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I've heard about demon possession in the Bible, but that still does not explain why someone would create such a product of evil. First, having at least a bit of intelligence, I realized that a chimpanzee was actually a monkey, not a monkey. However, I was sure that the filmmakers would clear up this problem further in the film. They do not have. Let me summarize this work of art: a company by the name of Z.I.T. decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they mention something about banana soldiers, but when it costs about $ 13 million to drag a chimpanzee into the government, it does not seem profitable. Anyway, Z.I.T. brought in a CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to coach Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is all Z.I.T. hoped for. He can pull out a whole group of guards, all of whom seem to have acquired their training skills at the local mall, all the while reminding us that we are watching a children's movie. As you may have guessed, Modine discovers that Z.I.T. can be bad (Gasp!) And decides to dismantle Clemens. As a CIA agent and everyone, Modine knows that the best way to get rid of is to go to a big city, rent a room, show up regularly on television while fighting crime and using checks to pay for everything. <br /> <br /> ZIT discovers where Modine stays and sends two of their best agents to get it back. These guards are perhaps the greatest comedy team since Martin and Lewis, or was it Turner and Hooch? Anyway, it does not matter, because in the end, for a sacred end, the good win !!! Yay! Hooray for predictability! Add to that a cheesy kid who is learning to be himself, a lonely mother who needs an appointment and some musical mounts that offer songs that could even be blocked by Disney Radio and you get "Funky Monkey". The climax of the film? A football match! Played by thugs, rowdies, a chimpanzee and the nerd boy. Nobody seems to care about such substitutions during a high school football game. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never give up! This is the edge of your seat entertainment. Some might even call it the "American beauty" of traits filled with monkeys. After completing this epic, I remembered hearing the story of a railroad worker who had lost much of his brain function when a metal rod pierced his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal rod among the movies.
