After watching this after receiving the DVD for Christmas 2005, I came here to browse it - but after reading the other reviews, I do not have the heart. Clearly, it's a movie that worked very well for older kids. Well, let me not be a complete Grinch; this may still work for some children - if they are not too saturated in media and are not visually too sophisticated, for example. to watch everything from LOTR and Harry Potter. But if you are an adult, stay miles away; you will not enjoy it. <br /> <br /> The good things: Barbara Kellerman as a witch, especially in her early scenes with Edmund, creates the ideal mix between charismatic evil and moderate madness. (At the stone table, she passes a little higher.) Michael Aldridge in the minor role of Professor and Jeffrey S. Perry in the role of Mr. Tumnus also have the kind of polite and skillful game we expected from the best BBC. dramas. And Aslan's costume works very well, surprisingly well. They have perfect eyes. <br /> <br /> Negatives: almost everything else, except two areas in particular. One, the casting. England is full of good actors and contains tens of thousands of attractive British students. How could they end up with these four stiff? They move like wooden soldiers and talk about it too. Peter has neither gravitas nor charisma (and is obviously shorter than his supposedly younger brothers); Edmund is just whiny; and Lucy ... Sophie Wilcox in the role of Lucy is so dramatic, so visible, so radically wrong for this part that I can not imagine how she got this job. <br /> <br /> Two, animal costumes. Again, it seems that they have worked for some children. If the kids are still at a level where Big Bird and Elmo are exciting and credible characters, they could be fascinated by this movie. But for a spectator with the sophistication of a say, for example, of a 12 year old teenager who saw Prisoner of Azkaban? When Mr. Beaver comes out from behind this tree, there will be cruel and mocking laughter. The costumes just do not work - I could not, and I think no adult or modern teenager, could suspend the disbelief by watching Mister Beaver. The animation drawn later (gryphons, etc.) works better, is easier to take. So: ten stars for very young and tender souls; all the others read or re-read the book and watch a much better movie unfolding in your imagination.
