I watched it a few days ago, the details become blurry. The film was shot using portable cameras, and a lot was done when it was released, because we did not have a lot of studio images made that way. I can not help but think it was more of a gadget than anything else, designed to make the public believe that what we see on the screen did not have all the tradeoffs that come with a big budget , and was therefore more "real". However, what we have here is nothing more than a scam of the first half of Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who has seen it, or any of the other scams of it, will know what to do. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was the stereotypical characters, with the sweet and funny kids out of their depths, the singing in close harmony, Ebonics gushing out of the black guys, the weary sergeants of the bitter and twisted psychos, etc., all of which are placed in the kind of situations that would provide the most friction and tension at a given moment.It may have been intentional to point out the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness, or maybe it was just a committee trying to appeal to the wider public, all I know is that it was annoying. was the mixture of volunteers and recruits (where normally all characters would have were forced to put themselves in the situation), although only the scenes between the two main characters really play a lot. This seems to be the main focus of the plot, with volunteers coming to mind and recruits acquiring a sense of duty and self-esteem, but all of this is done in a rather forced and subtle way. The other big problem I had was how all the characters (with the exception of psychos and real softies) would react to every inevitable conflict with first aggression and threats of violence, in the face of Farrell's pervasive stoicism, immediately reasonable and diplomatic. <br /> <br /> I guess if I had to find an extra advantage, it would be the acting game, which was loud and very convincing, although, given the stereotyped nature of the characters, it was not the case. t too difficult. <br /> <br /> In my imagination, Bozz grew to become Zeke of Tour of Duty, and for my money, 4 episodes would be more fun to watch.
