When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel film, I was intrigued. As a fan of the book, I thought she would play Tony, Roz or Charis, but even more, I was intrigued to see how they were going to turn this very stunning, almost psychological (but not psychological) novel into a film that would be accessible to those who had not read the novel, and it would be at least slightly satisfying for those who read it. The book is a complex reflection of society, women and modern life, and I was interested to see how they used the 3 different stories that led to the unfolding of the story in a film. What they actually committed was a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake and confusing question is: why would Oxygen, a women's advertising network, take a fantastic book about the complexity, magnificence and severity of women are and can be, and change the protagonist of 3 women into a former dumb cop without any real motive to be involved in the story? It seems that those who adapted it found an easy way out by using this guy to directly ask Roz, Tony and Charis to say how they knew Zenia and, in doing so, they rushed to browse the essential of the book. In doing so, they have scrambled the story and cut out all that is great for the characters, in addition to ensuring that the public has no other credible to associate. In the film, these women are not people, they are characters. <br /> <br /> In the book, Zenia pretends to die, but the book mentions it to convey this message, while the film loses 30-45. minutes devoted to this former cop current without doing anything. They tried to make this complex book an episode of Law and Order or CSI. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was so wrong. Zenia is a Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or perhaps even a type of Scarlett Johnasson. It is a woman that men can not dislike, and a woman who intrigues and threatens women, but in the style "keep your enemies closer". And once she approaches, she seems totally authentic and trustworthy, despite your best judgment. This is the kind of woman who wins, even when she loses, she wins: she is always beautiful, always rich, and there are always people who do not know her game. <br /> <br /> In the movie, Zenia did not take the Charis man (the blond American dodger who used Charis in the first place ...) but took August and tried to become his legal guardian (and apparently came back to be his lesbian lover as persistent kissing at the coffee involves). And Zenia actually killed the chickens before leaving with August, but that made no sense since all the preparations that were reserved for him had been removed. It's as if the writer of the script held the straw to satisfy those of us who read the book, but I think that if I had not read it, I would have spent the entire film in confusion, if I had taken the trouble to follow him. all. <br /> <br /> And Roz's husband was dead before Zenia came to see the picture (which was odd since Zenia took Roz's business AND her life at home in the book That's why Roz hated her so much) and she and Zenia had conspired to kill Roz's husband years ago. And according to the movie, Tony and West were together forever ... even at the party where Zenia and West (in the book) had painted the place in black and they gave Tony the look completely like that (and nasty , bitch). a person who has always been respected by all for his intelligence and popular for her. Tony's character was SO FALSE in this movie ... she seemed a little psychopathic and looked like the brain behind any conspiracy that was coming down, as opposed to the kind of clumsy and slightly reclusive teacher she was in the book. The film basically implies that intelligent women are evil, beautiful women are evil, powerful women are evil and women who teach yoga are not part of their rockers. <br /> <br /> They basically tried to do it so that Zenia was not necessarily so horrible because she was in the book, and finally, the three women convinced this former cop (which, of course, by train to look for this, met Zenia and has an adventure with her that is supposed to end in Barbados or something ridiculous, which of course Zenia tries to hide) Zenia's body (which they found splattered at hotel where she stayed, but the film implies that one of the three women pushed her to the balcony, where they conspired together ... to do it ...) and then Zenia also managed to take all the money from Roz in the process. At the end of the movie, I was only half of my attention between ads, because it was so far in space that it could and should have been. <br /> <br /> If you're not confused If you've read the book and seen the movie, I'm ridiculously confused about the movie alone. It was terrible. I think making this book a movie is a daunting task, but if you want to do it, you have to start by figuring out what's useless in the book, instead of creating a useless character to become our Alice in Wonderland. . . <br /> <br /> Are there really no more fluffy books that Oxygen could do at least decent TV movies?
