* Warning - no plot will make us lose our head, but spoilers for the film anyway ... * My other important man praised this for me, thinking it would be a great romance with a cast of stars. Wow - very, very badly. This film is an exaggerated excuse, overworked and excessively sentimental for the film theatrical release of a student film 15 years after its shooting! The copyright date on the box was 2005, and yet, in the very first flashback sequence, I looked at the clothes and hairstyles that were supposed to be in the early 1960s, and noticed that girls in particular wore dresses and hairstyles. . It looked like it had been shot 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I was trying to think that it was a flashback and so I must look old, but it looked more like a WWWWWWWYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY than it looks exactly like the boy presented in the flashback sequences (this is a different character, much older and whose youth is described in flashbacks). I was completely puzzled until the short film was included in the feature films. These are all flashback sequences, shot in 1990 in the form of a complete student film of the same title as this movie! It also features comments that include the little boy all grown up (and even the role of coworker in the 2005 scenes). So, this movie is just a story shell woven around an old remodeled student movie set up as an obvious excuse to get it to the speed of theater. The story of Shell, shot in 2005, is about a man who lost his wife and finds healing and redemption in the dance class that he promises to a dying person he will attend in his place (this is a promise from the dying man in the early 1960s to his daughter that they would meet on "the fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to turn the footage around the old movie in 2005?" This news Scenes and plot might have been OK, except the awful and overly sentimental score that is repeated ad nauseum on almost all the new scenes and the cliché action that permeates the new movie.Do not worry, distribution known - it's awful.
