And I repeat, please do not see this movie! This is more than a criticism. This is a warning. This sets the record for the worst comedy effortlessly ever made. At least with most recent comedies nowadays, gags are rudimentary and flat, but writers and directors make at least an effort to make them funny. I do not get tired of repeating one of my favorite currencies: everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10% of them are right. Comedy is hard! It's not a genre that any fool can play with. I find it awful that filmmakers compare this junk to "Kentucky Fried Movie". Basically, these bozos compare their so-called comic talents to those of the brilliant Jim Abrahams and Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore's movies 10 times more fun than "The Underground Comedy Movie". Here is a sample of the comedy for those who are curious to see this movie: A sketch depicts a superhero dressed as a penis named D ** kman. The joke is that he defeats his enemies by spraying them with sperm. That's all. That's the whole joke. Sensational. That's enough for Carrot Top to roll his eyes. Another sketch shows a man sleeping with a deceased person in a porn movie. And in another sketch, there is a beauty contest with a satchel, in which we are exposed to the horrific spectacle of middle-aged women dressed in bikinis with beer guts and stretch marks. In addition, mocking the homeless is sadder than funny. It's a step to make fun of the mentally handicapped. The whole movie is supposed to be a satire. I think filmmakers have forgotten that a key element of satire ... is the truth !!! For all those who really enjoyed this shit, explain to me what is true about ANY of these gags! Some sketches may have seemed funny on paper, but anyone who has attended screen writing classes knows that if a gag is too funny on paper, it will probably not be funny on the screen. If I talk to someone about a big, black, muscular, gay virgin, who keeps himself for the good man, he or she would probably laugh. But watching the scene unfold on the screen for about 10 minutes is a real slippage. I hate that, whenever people criticize a comedy with their heads down for not being funny, they are considered stuck places. I just saw "White Chicks" recently. It's another low comedy and politically incorrect, but I burst out laughing. The most shocking thing about "The Underground Comedy Movie" is that it's not funny! What writers and directors do not understand is that just being dirty and tasteless does not work. There must be more! Just think of the famous scene of "There's something like Mary" (ironically, bozo filmmakers have put the Farrellys on their special thank you list enough). The joke about sperm was not only fun, it involved body fluids. There was an accumulation. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he did not go out with a "loaded pistol". Then he looked around to see where all the sperm had flowed after his release. There is a knock on the door and he has to answer it. Her date, Mary, is at the door and that's when it is revealed that the sperm is hanging in Ben's ear. In this film, there are many gags involving characters that spurt tons of sperm on people, without any accumulation. As Jay Leno always says, "this comedy is not so easy, is it?" Keep this in mind, Vince Offer, because you were not made for this genre! The only reason people could laugh at these gags is because they want to feel connected. Let's face it, nowadays it's hard to laugh at anything politically incorrect. I know that comedy is subjective ... but this film should not be funny for anyone except perhaps the filmmakers themselves. Note that the film must have been shot before the fame of Michael Clarke Duncan in movies like "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile". There can be no other reason why an actor of his caliber would volunteer to be part of this amateur freak show. All the other actors are either non-actors, past actors, or movie stars B. Karen Black made a good impression in "Five Easy Pieces", but I do not think she has made any value since. Slash was probably drugged in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch". Angelyne is the biggest star of the movie (keeping in mind that Duncan was not famous at the time), and there are probably still a ton of people who have not heard it - for good reason . I'm usually in favor of very low-budget films, but this one deserves to sink in the dark. I hope this will not become a cult classic! Should not there be a law against shitty distribution like this?
