Proof that Hollywood conventions are in place. Obsolete dialogues, underdeveloped and flat characters, and a ragged storyline are just some of the problems with this classic gangster wannabe. A daring and different attempt, but it seems like a blockbuster attempt to recreate Bonnie and Clyde's magic of Arthur Penn (1967) and Butch Cassidy of George Roy Hill and Sundance Kid (1969) - truly groundbreaking. filmmakers and films - but falling well below the bar. The problems associated with explicit scenarios can be explained by the need for a voiceover to explain the sections of the problem. The edition seems to be an attempt to duplicate the previous classics but is sometimes disjointed and causes more problems for me technically. Unnecessary shots were launched to justify their shooting but would have better served the viewer by sitting on the floor of the editing room. Still images, black-and-white montages and period music are inserted from time to time in order to be different or to conceal scenes that can not make the transition or replace scenes that did not work. just not and still reminiscent of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Excessively dramatic breaks between phrases, random snapshots that are not necessary to the storytelling, as well as acting and secondary actors This reminded the directors of camcorders of the end of 80s - I wondered who was in charge of this film during and after production. Reading the music in most of the two shots and close-ups, then stopping suddenly in wide shots, exaggerated the weakness of the score. No sound editing was highlighted, most of the film being shots, doors, steps and dialogues (style used from the late 60's to the mid 70's by new directors) , but the absence of background noise making it artificial, including the tire. squeaks on the dirt roads. In my opinion, the biggest problem is that there are no "nice" characters for the audience, nor that we become protagonists of the story. Neither the gangsters nor the jurists were characters that I wanted to win and neither of them was considered the "hero" - a necessity for any story to work for me. Penn and Hill's movies tell us who the "heroes" are. Even if they are criminals, we love them and want to see them escape. I do not care who was on the screen in this movie. I had the impression that John Milius was trying to produce a non-historically accurate reenactment documentary of the events that surrounded John Dillenger's life from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be honest, there are some moments of good solid stories, which are moments that shine from the light and the dark metal box in which this film is. Fortunately, John Milius is improving in future films where he does not seem to be trying to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a total waste, as many famous stars and celebrities who were about to burst are involved in this first big-budget movie, but wait on a conventional movie channel rather than spending money. the money to rent it. or buy. <br /> <br />
