Once again, I saw a film made by people who do not know anything. I just reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger and I have it. <br /> <br /> This movie is hogwash. I do not know how good someone in his mind could compare that to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This film is far from being a classic. Someone called it brilliant. It's a crazy thing to say. This film does not understand the facts and presents the worst casting I have ever seen. I do not know who had the idiotic idea of ​​making Warren Oates the role of John Dillinger. First of all, he does not look like him at all. Second, when John Dillinger was killed, he was 31 years old. When Oates did that, he was 45! You can even say he's older than the real Dillinger just by looking at him. Not only was he too old, but also Ben Johnson in the role of Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> They show Baby Face Nelson die, then Homer Van Meter and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before them two. The last to die on the three was Baby Face Nelson. Not only do writers not know when they are dead, but they do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after escaping Little Bohemia in dress. Homer Van Meter was not killed by farmers with shotguns. Homer Van Meter was stuck by police in St. Paul and shot down with machine guns. Harry Pierpont, another member of Dillinger's band, is shown being shot by the police in this film. Pierpont was not touched. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to die in an electric wheelchair. I'm going into what happened to Baby Face Nelson in my review of Baby Face Nelson, so I'm not going back here. Let me also add that the portrayal of Baby Face Nelson by Richard Dreyfuss is pathetic. There is a scene where he attacks Dillinger and then hurts himself. While Dillinger was beating him, he was crying like a baby and screaming, "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger have never fought. Maybe Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's bank robbery methods, but they never fought. Nelson has never cried like a little girl while being beaten. They continue to call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. In his life, he has never been known by this name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. The young black man who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius does not know anything. Where the hell did John Milius get his information? I could probably make a better movie than him. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they showed John Dillinger to death is outrageous and inexcusable. The film shows Dillinger coming out of the Biograph with Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette was not even here tonight. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis shouts, "Johnny! Dillinger takes out his weapon and is sent to hell. There is evidence that Dillinger did not have a gun that night. The FBI gave him no chance to surrender and as soon as he was in sight, they knocked him out. They did not even have to shoot him. They were so close that burn powders were found on his face. It was a murder. They also say that the man killed that night was not John Dillinger. After killing tons of civilians in the Little Bohemia incident, can you imagine that the FBI announced that they had just killed another innocent, unarmed man? It has also been proven that the weapon they had in mind on Dillinger was not made before his death. I could go on and say that the man they killed was not John Dillinger, but I'm going to stop here. If you want to know more, check it out here <br /> <br /> See Dillinger's version with Lawrence Tierney if you wish, but do not waste your time with this imprecise movie.
