First of all ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, as well as distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" on the video box, you know what you want to do with this one. this. B movie mania! If you expect to see a thriller "based on Edgar Allan Poe", then forget it and head straight for the excellent Roger Corman film series, Poe of the '60s. It's pure pure sleaze (with just a pedestrian attempt at a plot similar to "The Premature Burial"), with plenty of sex and nudity ready for video. However, it is certainly entertaining and fun, but in a neglected way ... <br /> <br /> Brinke (who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays a rich, traumatized housewife and insomniac Victoria Monroe, whose fear of being prematurely buried arises from her belief that the same fate has been reserved for her father (Hoke Howell). Her worthless husband, Terry (Jay Richardson) has accumulated heavy gambling debts (due to a gangster played by Robert Quarry) and, with the help of his naughty, blonde and sexy secretary, with a European accent, Lisa ( Delia Sheppard) plots to get rid of Brinke for his money. The famous actress Karen Black, a hypnotist (she has too much talent to play a role as insignificant as this one), features a blonde wig. for a decent nightmare sequence performing an autopsy on a Vicki still alive. Jan-Michael Vincent spends most of the time outside the house in his car, looking into his eyes as Brinke enters and leaves the house. <br /> <br /> The plot kills a spouse for inheritance has been done millions of times before, the end is an unintentional riot of laughter (ending with a direct rip off of the Zuni Fetish doll segment in TRILOGY OF TERROR) and whoever has created the ugly face stabbed and beheaded for this release needs to refine skills a bit. Brinke does a decent job, which makes her character rather likeable, but the biggest surprise of all is how ex-old Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard plays her role. She stole all the scenes in which she was and easily gave the standout performance here.
