The sequel given to the brilliant young Adam by David Mackenzie wants to be a comforting tale of a lonely voyeur who tries to face some psycho-sexual problems with his dead mother. He wants to be realistic, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be funny and not judgmental about his troubled role as he asserts himself as an adult. <br /> <br /> To cope with this end, the film strives to be young. His poster contains hand-drawn letters that resemble those of Juno. His soundtrack is composed of fast-paced independent rock that tries to convince audiences that Hallam is OK; just a little lost. But strangely, the film is not young. <br /> <br /> Like Young Adam, the central mystery of this film is about a drowned woman - in this case, the mother of Hallam. The young Adam keeps his mystery silent, contemplative and rhythmic enough to strike you with the truths when they present themselves. Hallam Foe does the opposite. He puts the psychosis of his character in the foreground so clearly and so early that he never does anything outside his expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam's in his tree house, watching his sister play with his boyfriend. Hallam interrupts quickly, claiming his presence in the household. Here we see all that Hallam will do for the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery surrounding her mother's drowning is whether it was a suicide or a murder committed by her father's girlfriend. The public can never really trust Hallam because, besides being scary, we think that his obsession has led him to the brink of madness. This has hindered the mystery because Hallam is too sporadic to be told. By the time he found clues in support of his claim, he ran away from home, at first he seemed to have gone looking for the police. Then he is extremely distracted by a girl who looks like his mother, which frustrates the story of the mystery. <br /> <br /> While Jamie Bell brings out some very endearing traits in his lost character, he was limited by the evidence of his psychological needs. This film is not mysterious, yet it is not brutal either. He tries to be realistic about these problems, but he adds a very conscious sperm that is the opposite. Trainspotting is a very busy soundtrack that helps the audience find the main character who will protect characters who climb buildings, choose locks and camp for voyeurism. These urban adventures that Hallam undertakes are far too difficult for a country boy, turned inward, and they are neither sexy, nor dizzying, nor pleasant. They are more neutral than anything. do not propel the character or the story. Mackenzie makes you understand Hallam, but he can not find common ground. <br /> <br /> He expects you to enjoy the trials and tribulations of Hallam without much ideological justification. The film is based on his audience's point of view on voyeurism / the kind of person who engages in it. Obviously, most people would be disgusted. And Hallam Foe realizes it, but that does not let us see Hallam weigh the morality of his decisions. He goes from person to person, trying to fill his deep emptiness. Kate, a lover of Hallam, recounts a particularly disturbing phrase, in which she says with drunkenness, "I love scary boys," perhaps asking the public to do the same. The line tries to let him guess his understanding of him (his motivation remains vague) and tries to prevent us from judging him. It's not hard to love Hallam, but it's very difficult to participate in his adventure, even if it's an adventure. All the while, the film tries to use its flamboyant soundtrack to mask its indecisive atmosphere. <br /> <br /> The big performances are spoiled by a weak third-act film, muddy development and Mackenzie's unnecessarily ambiguous direction. Recently, this movie was renamed for a release in the United States, and for what reason? Not only is this less attractive, but the harsh truth is that Hallam's character never wins the title of "sir".
