I always wrote this series as a complete party because Jim Belushi was very involved. But one day a tragic event occurred. After the end of part of the White Sox, I realized that the remote control was on the other side of the room. Now, I could have got up and crossed the room to fetch the remote control, or even go on TV to turn on the channel. But then why not just get up and cross the country to watch TV in another state? "Nuts to that," I said. So I decided to hang on the couch and take everything destiny had reserved for me. What Fate had in store was an episode of this series, an episode I remember very little of, except that I had once again made a very broad and generalized general judgment based on objective or experiential null proof , without anything to support my opinions. with, and again I was completely right! This show is a total crud-pie! Belushi has all the comic performance of a furry horn of fog lighthouse. Women are physically attractive, but Stepford also needs to create a real sense of the viewer. There is absolutely no reason to stop you from going to the local TV station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending every copy of that screaming puppy to hell. <br /> <br /> Except .. <br /> <br /> Except for the wonderful comic roles of Larry Joe Campbell, America's greatest comic character actor. This guy plays Belushi's brother-in-law, Andy, and he's golden. How is it really? In addition to being funny, his job is to give Belushi a beautiful appearance. It's like trying to make warts look good. But Campbell succeeds with style. Someone should invent a Nobel prize for comic buffoonery in order to win it every year. Without Larry Joe, this show would consist of a Courtney Thorne-Smith looking slightly vacant, hitting Belushi on the head with a frying pan as he alternately hit his chest and played with the straw on the floor of his cage. 5 stars for Larry Joe Campbell designated Comedic Bacon because it enhances the flavor of everything it is!
