What about Dahmer's childhood? The double hernia, which would have triggered his obsession for the inner workings of the human body? What about the "land of the infinite"? - The game he invented in his childhood, which involved annihilating men when they came too close, suggesting that intimacy was the ultimate danger. What about the relationship between her parents and her mother's emotional issues that were far more relevant than her own relationship with her father? His feelings of neglect at the birth of his brother? What about his fascination with insects and animals? How could he dissect the roadkill and hang it in the woods behind his house? And if we focused more on his cannibalism? And what about the divorce of his parents? These are all things that should have been included in the film. Instead, the filmmaker chose to give us a "snapshot" diluted a night or two of his life and combine it with a series of confusing and sometimes unnecessary flashbacks, to events that were not even particularly relevant to our understanding of Dahmer. . <br /> <br /> Why did the filmmaker not show Dahmer's interest in people as objects rather than people? He could have argued this argument several times, especially in the scenes where he drugged his victims while he had sex with them (what happened in a health club, not in a nightclub). Instead, he just shows it hitting them from behind. <br /> <br /> Although I appreciate the little information you can store in 90 minutes (or so long), why spend so much of the movie examining his relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this movie). My only hypothesis is that the director was trying to build the character of Pinet, scare us or empathize with him, but this film is supposed to be about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why could not he have gone through those forty Five minutes on something else? If the scene and their relationship were important enough to warrant such a delay, then be honest enough, but it was not. The scene in which he kills Steven Hicks, his first victim, is an essential part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story, as it was the first murder and the effect this murder had on the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that this was his first murder or that he has not killed in nine years. We assume, because his hairstyle is different and he wears glasses that it is a flashback, but for when? And why? <br /> <br /> What about the shrine he built in his living room towards the end of his career? One of the main clues we have to understand Dahmer and his motivations. <br /> <br /> Some people may find that my need for precision and detail is a little anal, but having studied in depth Jeffrey Dahmer, it is obvious that this film has very little in common with the person he was and the crimes he committed. Why bother spending the time making a film based vaguely on Jeffrey Dahmer rather than tackling the real problems of his descent into madness and the carnage that ensues? <br /> <br /> Finally, a film with a subject as repulsive as this one should carry a certificate 18, not a 15. We needed to see his perversion more deeply, to understand how much he was detached. from the rest of us. This does not mean, for example, that it shows the exercise that goes into Konerak Sinthasomphone's head, but at least an indication of the number of people he killed and his Modus Operandi when he actually kills. Anyone watching this film and not knowing the story of Dahmer may well think he killed only a few people. He actually killed seventeen men. <br /> <br /> Apart from the facts and lack of depth, the film is not so bad. There is good cinematography and good performances of the two main characters. I would like that to be repeated by a filmmaker who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make the film.
