Skullduggery is a strange and strange film based on the novel "You'll Know" of the Vercors. Releasing the critics on the film is really cruel, because it is a film that deals with serious themes like humanity, and argues for respect for moral standards and tolerance. But despite his honorable intentions and his well-intentioned tone, Skullduggery is simply not a very good movie. For me, the main problem is the story terribly disconnected that does not decide how best to convey his message. The first half of the movie is like watching a standard movie of Tarzan Ilk in the jungle; later, he switches into a science fiction fable; in the end he slips into the melodramatic courtroom. The differences in tone between each section of the film are too big, too discordant to be neglected. They come out like a sore thumb and constantly remind you that you are watching a confused and disorganized movie. <br /> <br /> An archaeological expedition in the jungles of New Guinea is led by adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the main archaeologists involved in this excursion is the attractive scientist Dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a difficult trek, they come across a tribe of strange creatures resembling monkeys. These primitive people, lost for a long time, are covered with hair and have survived for centuries without being touched or influenced by the developments of modern man. There is some evidence that they can be the ancestors of primitive man ?? the "missing link" in the evolution of monkeys in humans. Or maybe a race of humans who just look and behave differently? Or even a breed of animals that began to develop human characteristics? Archaeologists call the tribe "the Tropi" and are excited about the implications of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when the opportunistic villain Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares his intention to exploit the tribe and his idyll on behalf of the developers. He wonders if the Tropi are really "human" and presents his arguments in court, where he hopes to be able to rely on legal support to pursue his own greedy ambitions. <br /> <br /> This film was very early in Reynolds' career, and it really unbalances this film by acting like a comedy while the rest of the cast takes it very seriously. Not that Reynolds can be blamed ?? he has an impossible role, asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs to a Tarzan movie. His character and the movie are irrelevant to each other. Clark is doing much better as a serious archaeologist, and British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White play some pretty supportive roles. A major gap in Skullduggery is the lame and inefficient makeup used to give the Tropi their weird hairy appearance. Rather than making actors look like credible hominoids, glued hair only makes them look ridiculous. and it's just not the right idea. We are supposed to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but it is terribly difficult when they look so unconvincing. Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that could have been poignant, philosophical and stimulating. Honorable intentions are visible to all, but the end result does not do them justice. A worthy failure perhaps, but nevertheless a failure.
