While the general idea of ​​Escape to Atlantis was intriguing, I found the movie was much less than I had hoped when reading the intrigue plot. I may be too childish in the technological age: the film was shot, as it is now in 2002, five years ago officially, after watching fantastic epics like The Lord of the Rings and the feats of science- fiction like Star Wars, as a whole, it could not be compared to other movies in the same thread, such as Homer's Dinotopia or The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My beef, basically, is that I can not say anything - I'm about the same age of children (a young adult), and have no trouble getting me to the place of a middle-aged man if such is the character available. But the photo did not lead me to another mental nature. I did not find myself saying 'ACK! I would've done the same thing! It did not open the doors to my imagination. Even without comparing it to big budget movies or other TV movies, some aspects of the feature film that I found cliché are: The development of the character in children was done too quickly for my taste, seen all too often the stereotype of the selfish adolescent. the image of a bitter after divorce turning into an impression of ourselves-a-great-happy-family-never-separating-that can finally make or break a long-term image. Even the characters themselves could have been improved: a typical set of one or the other of the stereotypes. There was the ever-present selfish beauty that seemed to be rebellious, accompanied by Mr. Perfect, an image combining athleticism, beauty and intelligence, but also a dark attitude, and finally the intelligent little brother that we find so common nowadays. Although I know that the personalities have advanced the story, I think that adding more individuality to the nuances and unique differences would have made the film more enjoyable - and more credible (as far as the character is concerned). <br /> <I have to raise my glass to the costume and scenography, which was worth it. Do not get me wrong: all the movies are worth seeing by yourself, and the opinion of one can never account for the opinion of many, but I think with a little more depth in the storyline and a little more (I can not believe I'm saying that.) The reality, I dare say, that escaping from Atlantis could have been magical.
