When I saw this film, I heard all the hype and heard how people said that Denzel deserved the Oscar alongside his Golden Globe and I thought he had to do a great job, saw that Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I realize that people do not say that so as not to upset the African-American community (if they are not African-Americans themselves). I still hear complaints that African Americans are never named and should have won. This is sometimes true (not as much today) because Whoppi Goldberg should have been named best actress for The Color Purple and the film should have deserved the best picture. The only reason this film has been so blown up is because people see a film about the difficulties (* SEMI-SPOILER *) of an African-American during a very racist period and automatically call him a leader. labor. Denzel Washington is an exceptional actor, but his role in this film did not affect me. I was bored with him in the movie and his role here was very much like his role in Malcolm X but was not as good. The public is supposed to leave thinking that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the movies to worship this man, this hero, and they went to buy his book, thus enriching the hero of a man. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells the story of a man who spent the majority of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course, the crimes he committed (mainly by flying) were aimed only at survival, nothing more. People felt sorry for him, even though drug traffickers and thieves probably found themselves for the same reasons but are despised by society. Everything in this film tries to portray this man as a saint (with the exception of his obvious unfaithfulness to his wife and the aggression he showed the other man when he met his wife), but why would not you do it, after all, that's his point of view. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood ones) that are based on "true" stories because they usually distort the "real" parts into something else, something less true. It was his point of view and a Hollywood build, but everyone thought it was the truth without a doubt. I did some research on his past before making any assumptions and he was a very violent man. Moreover, it is still possible that he murdered these people. If you do not believe me, look for it on the Internet and read articles that some people have about it. The boxing match he claimed to have won so easily was won by his opponent Joey Giardello and there are videotapes that prove it. On top of that, there are many twisted and deliberately forgotten facts in this movie. Supporting actors were the kindest people I've ever seen on the face of the Earth and their "nice and perfect" character seemed hard to follow. <br /> <br /> This film was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate real story that has yet to be told in all truth. Denzel's acting is out of date and the attitude of the Mickey Mouse cast is annoying. The film also starts at a very slow pace and is boring.
