The main problem of the documentary "Czech Dream" is that it does not really say what it thinks. <br /> <br /> In a daring way - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - street act, Vit Klindak and Filip Remunda, two film-making students from the Czech Republic, have achieved a major hoax in the purpose of their film: they deliberately made a fake "hypermarket" (the equivalent is Costco or Wal Mart Super Store), built a whole advertising campaign around it - with panels of posting, radio and television spots, an official logo, a catchy theme song and pictures of fake goods - and then waited to see how many "dopes" would show up at their creation on the opening day. They even built an impromptu facade to convince visitors that the store itself actually existed. <br /> <br /> One might ask, "Why do such a thing?" Well, that's a very good question, but the filmmakers' response is not very satisfactory. Basically, we were told that the purpose of the stunt was to show how easy it is to manipulate people to make them believe something - even something that is not true - simply because of the power of advertising. . And the filmmakers are fighting for moral coverage by claiming that the "real" (ie superior) goal of the charade is to convince the Czechs not to fall for all the advertisements encouraging them to join the European Union. It is fair - especially when you consider that advertisers who agree to accept the hanging declare against the improbrium of lying to customers, while justifying their collaboration in deception by saying that it was about 'a form of' research 'in the media. What works and does not work in advertising? In a way, by allowing themselves to be filmed making these comments, these men and women are as much fooled by filmmakers as the poor, unsuspecting people who are the main target of the trick. <br /> <br /> But, in many ways, the satirical arrow not only does not achieve the intended goal, but ironically returns to the very filmmakers who launched it. Because it is really themselves and not the kindly and naturally confident people who end up being considered as morally and classless people here, as they proceed to make idiots of people quite honest, whose some elderly and disabled, and forced to travel long distances walking to get there. And what is all this supposed to prove anyway? That people are "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new supermarket looking for good deals? Or that they are stupid and gullible because they do not suspect that there might not be a real market even if one has been announced? Such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that would make it virtually impossible to function in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I'm afraid that this clever, nasty little "stuntman" only proves what Filmmakers are made to make some really nice people feel like idiots. And, indeed, many of them, when they finally discover the turn that was played to them, react with kindness and good humor, I am not sure that I would be able to do it if I were in their place. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that the film is not captivating - which sounds like a major road accident - but when the dust finally settles down and all the disappointed customers come back the red face and empty-handed their houses, we can safely declare that they should not be ashamed.
