I heard and read a lot of praise for "Midnight Meat Train", based on a short story written by Clive Barker and supposed to be the best adaptation of his work since "Hellraiser" which he himself had directed, but up to now. I can only express very mixed feelings about my visual experience. The most appropriate term to summarize the entire film in one word is: nauseating! The violence is sadistic and extreme, it certainly attracts young horror enthusiasts, but it is also indescribable, free and exploitative. Normally, I am very pro-violence, but it must at least serve a purpose. The skinning ?? Literally ?? described in "Midnight Meat Train" is exclusively intended to shock and repel viewers with weak nervous systems and easy upset stomach, and even that is not fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more gaps, some bigger than the useless ones, but maybe I should focus on the good stuff first. The basic concept is definitely promising and multiple sequences (like freezer hunting, for example) are literally bursting with suspense and a macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately, the pace is very uneven and the development of the potentially fantastic plot is unnecessarily complicated. It may be assumed that the treatment of a short story in a feature film is responsible for rhythm irregularities, but I honestly feel that they could have done more with the outcome and with the character played by Vinnie Jones. The plot features Leon, a budding photographer based in New York, whose agent recommends looking for the truly threatening face of the city through sinister images. Leon then becomes obsessed with the hunt for an introverted butcher with suspicious behavior who is still waiting for the midnight train. Leon is right, the butcher turns out to be an implacable serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but his motives and behavior suggest that there is something much more substantial on the rails at night. "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally disturbed places, such as subway stations at night and animal slaughterhouses, to which is added the film which also enjoys good acting performances and a full load of disturbing images (like corpses on hooks and blood-stained wagons), but director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not take full advantage of it. The end leaves many questions unanswered and, even if Clive Barker wanted to do the same, I still think we deserve a final a little clearer. "Midnight Meat Train" is a somewhat intriguing and haunting film, but not without flaws. It is not intended for viewers easily offended, but perhaps those who seek consistency and clarity of plot should leave it as well.
