I have heard a lot about this movie, people writing to me saying I should see it because I am a fan of extremely bloody and bloody movies. I got my hands on almost right away, but one thing or another has always prevented me from looking at it - until now. I would have done better not to remember it. I had it even. <br /> <br /> This film was atrocious. The worst part is that it could have been so much better than it really was. I know it was a story of Clive Barker and everyone, and no, I have not read this story, but it seems to me that if you are not, you will be, as I was, completely helpless and completely disappointed. <Br /> <br /> The movie starts pretty well - the actors are convincing, the story interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to get your attention. I thought the blood looked a bit bad, but since it was the very first scene, I was hoping for improvement later. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and the effects are so horrible that it was almost an insult to my intelligence to believe that, for example, a person could hit the head of his shoulders using a simple meat hammer . WTF? Blood CGI (have they even used ALL "real" blood? My creations at home look better than those used in this movie!), Incredible dismemberment (eyeballs arise just after being hit by the back of the head, arms well cut - does anyone remember that there are bones all over our body?), scenes too dark (each scene has a strange yellow color, or is hidden in shadows ) ... it only gets worse. I found myself pointing out mistake after mistake. There's too much. Add to that the fact that what could and should have been a good serial killer movie turns into a demonic / supernatural / monster movie at the end ... no thanks! He should have been kept as a scary guy slaughtering people in the subway - OK, with a conspiracy theory and an overzealous photographer. Maybe they are murdering people and selling meat through the meat factory? Plausible, feasible ... and much better than the "real" story. It could have and should have worked. Instead, he's become a "living creature at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows it, except you and if you do not read the book, well ... you'll never understand it", a fiasco. Tragic, what a terrible thing to do for a movie with such potential. If you like bloody bloody blood, you'll love it. But if you have half a brain in your head, you will hate it completely. Stay far, far away.
