I do not know why, but I thought I already saw this movie. Maybe that was the name, maybe that was the way the posters looked, I do not know. In any case, it was rather promising at first. And even throughout the film, there were brilliant moments. Maybe it's because I'm not a big fan of horrors and I do not look at them a lot, but this one sometimes looks cool. But the rest is not so good. Sometimes laughable. The film is slow, sometimes you are so bored that you forget what the story is about. The characters are not great either. All. The butcher is fine, looks pretty scary and pretty crazy. Although I'm not aware of what was strange on his chest (all this scene looked fake and a little safe), and why he collected them in pots at home? The main track is simple. His character is really hard to believe and very little developed. But I guess that's the fault of the writers. Like why he cried when he took pictures of his girlfriend? The side casting is bad too. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when horror movies women will have a brain? It's ridiculous. The girl discovers that a maniac took the camera of his boyfriend, tried to go to the police, but then thought about the best idea. Why not just go take it! I know where the maniac lives! Yep! It's swell! And then, look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then enter the room, see a bag that was not there before, and take a look inside. Maybe the camera is there? Not here. But lots of interesting things. Brilliant. Mmmm. Realizing this bag means that the butchery is back is too difficult for its tiny brain. Then, of course, the endless thing "running out", it really made me look bad. Then, to put the last nail in the character, at the end of the film, she enters the COMPLETE wagon with the hanging corpses, screams "Noooo" as if she had just ripped her Gucci bag, and continues to walk in the wagon. .. Jeez. Come on. Nobody else thinks it's fair, well, stupid? Simply horrible. If his character was not so bad, the movie might have another star on my side. And I would forgive even the MMT characters who may have a blow in the head with a steel hammer (this guy on the train that the driver killed), butcher's vests that can protect bullets, strange monsters and cheap at the end (I did not read Clive Barkers' novel, so I do not know where these monsters came from), the fact that nobody cared but about hundreds (judging by the skeletons in the dungeon ) disappeared into the city, and the main character who did not bled to death when he had his tongue torn off (he barely noticed, I guess). Oh, and the predictable end. Damn, I knew the end halfway, it's just disappointing. The only reason I continue to give the editors a bit of credit is that the movie in general has a better record than most of the horrors I've watched in recent months. The visual style is nice, some clichés are really nice and a good synthetic image that gives a really brutal aspect to the murders. (Although the blood does not look real) I guess some people will like it, others, like me, will look at it if there is nothing else to look at, others absolutely hate it.
