Is it the same Kim Ki Duk who led the poignant, life-long story of "Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk who led the exquisite, almost silent and heartbreaking desire of "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk who dazzled us with the staggering tragedy of "The Coast Guard" and made us angry at the ugliness of nonchalant teenage prostitution before returning to his almost patented natural motive to allow us all (characters and spectators) to experience redemption in "Samaritan Girl"? I can not find it in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, of course, Kim's natural motive is always present. The film takes place entirely on a lake surrounded by mountains and on fishing floats resting on the surface of the calm waters. Yes, it's Kim Ki Duk, okay. Kim even describes the film as "magnificent" in an interview included in the special features of the DVD. But I'm not sure what it means after watching this putrescious presentation. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful in an edgy prostitute, pissed off, lascivious, violent and edgy fishermen, an avid and silent merchant, explicit animal torture, self-mutilation sequences and rhythm that oscillates with nausea between bestial carnalism and blind brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that appear in this film totally disconcerting and ultimately devoid of meaning. If it is based on a fable or conceived as a parable or is supposed to symbolize something larger, this author does not know the content of the source. He was compared favorably to Japanese director Takashi Miike's "Audition" (to Kim's satisfaction), but apart from some amazing performances, especially considering what they had to work with, with lead actors, Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I find little reason to recommend this movie. I have not seen "Hearing", but I doubt that this in any way modifies my vision of "The Isle". His violence is pornographic and incredibly sadistic. His sex is not pornographic, but without passion and masochism. The characters behave irritably because there is no plot. His argument is either non-existent or, I'll admit, lost in the midst of Korean cultural quirks that I do not understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty lies in the cinematography, which is classic Kim: boats under-scrambled Slowly, through a serene lake, a mountainous terrain dominating the background and imaginative use and playful of color. It sometimes seems like the audience is locked up in a large meeting room of Kim Ki Duk. Some keys, like the mysterious and seductive dumb trader played by Jung and the pleasantly strange use of motorcycles, are intriguing. But as a film, this effort is downright confusing and ultimately offensive to the senses, not necessarily to the sensibilities. We hope that Kim will leave this kind of film in the trash of his past, because we know that he is capable of much more.
