"Mayerling" is a daily story of the Austrian royal people at the end of the nineteenth century in Austria. Then during one of the apparently incessant interior upheavals of Europe, it relates to the Emperor Franz Joseph (Mr. James Mason) , his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Mr. Omar Sharif), the Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret police officers, spies, popinjays in extravagant uniforms, gypsies, dancers, women, soldiers, horses, the strange racial network of European royalty at the time of the Austro-Hungarian Empire of Francis Joseph. Filmed in what the old movie posters once called "A Riot of Colors", it does not look like a production of "The Student Prince", dressed in a costly way, but whose intellectual performance is disputed. Mr. James Mason, dressed in a very small white figure, uses I am a great admirer of his and I sincerely hope that the remuneration was commensurate with his disgust with the character he was playing. Mr. Omar Sharif, who has built a career largely based on looking straight at the camera with his big brown eyes and a melancholy air, gives an incredibly monotonous performance as his son, the Crown Prince. He is absolutely unconvincing as a man who, in the film minus a brushstroke through the side of the Austrian aristocracy's distaff.With his well-buttered locks firmly in place, he warns and poses in uniforms of more and more improbable. As a rebel, he speaks the speech but visibly fails to walk, leaving a button down, undone on one of his tunics, is about as challenging as his challenge.He is married, he falls in love with a commoner. "Forbidden Love" is one of the appearances of the film. It is performed by the rarest Miss Catherine Deneuve, it hardly presses the envelope. Miss Deneuve has a profile to die for and we see a lot, especially in the ballet sequence. Now, I love ballet as much as the next man, but this sequence seems to last an excessive time, a more cynical critic could consider it a "stuffing". The mother of Rudolf, the Empress is played by Miss Ava Gardner. She gives the role a good old American man, making it a bit like "Auntie Mame", but it's done with an undeniable style. Rudolf certainly loves his mother a lot - Me 'I will not say it more than that. The only performance that deserves to be looked at is that of Mr. James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt - sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is so wonderfully indifferent to all that is happening around him that it is a joy to contemplate. I waited in vain for him to ask Rudolf the immortal question "What is the time of bleeding?" I am not qualified to dispute the historical accuracy of "Mayerling", but in my opinion everything else is laughable. It is an opera buffa ruritain without the airs to send you theater whistling.
