Although I know people who are either big fans of Noam Chomsky, or a tired relic of the 1960s, I really had no opinion of this man, but I knew he had gained a reputation as a linguist, although I could not say anything about it. his theories, and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist tendencies. Then, falling on the DVD of the 2003 documentary Noam Chomsky: Rebel Without A Pause, in a used video store, a movie that followed him during a book tour in 2002 for his book 9-11, I decided to could have a little knowledge about the man the next time a person, for or against, talks about him. Although I am happy to have had the film, my initial reaction to this boring and badly relegated hagiography was: what is it? <br /> <br /> For a man so qualified, regarded as "the most important intellectual of the world", by the New York Times, according to the case of the DVD, there was certainly not much there, intellectually I know I'd chew it and spit it out into a debate, and I would not even want to see what a William F. Buckley could do to him. "Of course, the entire movie was apparently about Chomsky seeing conspiracies everywhere, and after seeing glassy-eyed students acquiesce to the stupendous approval of the most stupid and scandalous things he would have said, rather than being linguistic, so maybe that's why he was So, again, if he is a linguist and at the top of his field, why in the world would anyone care about what he has to say about anything outside his area of ​​expertise ??? Worse still, his acolytes, who seem iso to further the man of reality, encourage the delusion that Chomsky is the target of Zionist assassins. The little I knew about Chomsky before watching this film, I knew: he was generally considered a man, and almost intellectually, since the fall of the Soviet Empire. The film is so poorly structured and wirelessly narrative that it is difficult to separate all the clutter. His wife, Carol, for example, apparently gave an interview that was cut to pieces and dropped anywhere in the film. She seems to be a pretty kind woman, but totally out of her element, answering something other than the most basic questions about their life. The only interesting thing she said is that the 9/11 was a good thing for the Chomsky, because he has since collected a lot of money in speech fees. <br /> <br /> Unsurprisingly, this kind of film gives almost no biographical background. It is assumed that all viewers must know all the congratulations of this "great man". Chomsky is rarely interviewed individually. Stylistically, there are no camera movements, no interesting modifications, no signature touches, and most of the film is composed of isolated Chomsky hikes, Chomsky's video-taped huzzahs reciting this or that, and jaw-drenched and impressed students looking at him as if he were immaterial, that is, when the girls do not ask him questions that are barely audible and ridiculously simplistic. The director and editor Will Pascoe does very poorly this film, which, as shown by the DVD's Filmmaker Statement, shows that he is another Chomsky-free acolyte. Apart from that, one of the surest signs that this is not an objective documentary, but a simple agitator, and a vain element to agitate, is that not once Chomsky struggled to get an answer. He seems to be a source of unlimited knowledge. <br /> <br /> Since this part of this dreck was filmed at Chomsky's lectures at McMaster University, Ontario, Canada, prior to the 2003 US invasion of Iraq, many what Chomsky says seems as far removed as things from the Vietnam War era. Yes, he makes some good remarks, here and there, about the complicity of the American media before the war, but he follows them with total madness, because he seems not to realize that most of the plots are ad hoc and are not not completed with conspiracies. For example, he claims that the advertising industry is a cabal that ruthlessly controls the population, but does not say a word about the zombie mob that gets controlled in this way. Likewise, he asserts that trilaterals rule the world and that the fear of the crime of the population is another result of the cabal. Of course, this statement explains rape crisis centers so well, and all the time and money lost by district attorneys' offices consume. It also absurdly states that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and his society were the major sponsors in Latin America, Asia and Africa until the fall of the Soviet Union. I can only guess that the UFO conspirators are just waiting for Chomsky to proclaim that gray aliens have established species mixing impregnation centers in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In his simple world without gray, Chomsky is as scary as dense. as are the members of Bushco whom he revolts; especially since they do not claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a living man in the past, brimming with most questions and brimming with intellect. Towards the end of this film, he warns: "Be careful when you hear the fact that intellectuals are fighters of justice", but we can only laugh, the man having apparently never met a revolutionary or any idea he does not like, no matter how barbarous he is. their crimes, and anti-intellectual poses them. Take a break before wasting your time and money with this silly and already irrelevant DVD.
