DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who led a rather ordinary life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) was killed by a werewolf. You see that werewolves do exist in modern America and that there is even a special organization within the police to fight the werewolf threat led by Detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio) who has the difficult task of telling Josie that she is actually a pure-blooded werewolf herself and that a so-called werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants to mate with her and create a new breed of Werewolves of pure blood that will invade the whole world, or something like that. Of course, Josie can hardly believe it, until she sees the obvious with her own eyes. It's up to Steve, the werewolf cop, to save Josie, the day and the world ... <br /> <br /> Co-producer and director Richard Friedman I thought DarkWolf was a very bad thing to do budget in a horror movie with a digital camcorder it really did nothing for me. Geoffrey Alan Holliday's screenplay is quite promising: it's set in a striptease club with a lot of naked breasts on stage and then there's a werewolf attack that lets someone splash around but after that decent opening sequence, it's pretty low all the way "I'm scared. To begin with, it's slow, it's boring, it's predictable and it's populated by extremely boring characters who come out with a lot of bad dialogues and do stupid things like when they get the chance to shoot the wolf. Were, they do not, I have no idea why but they prefer to stay there instead. The scenario is stupid and can not be explained, why did not Josie ever become a werewolf before? Is she really the only one? Why can not this "black prince" find another werewolf? There are also many other things that do not make much sense, like an old book that, in the fist, seems quite important but is then totally forgotten mid-way, but you still have the idea. Overall, the film is moving very linearly. fashionable, for a very predictable and disappointing climate confrontation. <br /> <br /> The director Friedman brightens the film with a bright neon, but this is not new or original and does not really improve the film as a show. Now let's talk about the special effects or rather their absence, because the effects in DarkWolf are far from special, the transformation of the werewolf is done using CGI and this is one of the worst CGI that I have never seen. Seriously, a Playstation would be embarrassed by these computers. graphic. This is by far the worst werewolf transformation I have ever seen. An American werewolf in London (1981) was manufactured 25 years ago. Yet its special effects are literally light years away from those of DarkWolf, who claims that special effects have improved over the years? The effects of animatronic puppets are not much better either, even if at least there is something psychic on the screen. The blood does not do much after a bloody death at first, there is blood splatter and a lot of corpses, but not much else. There is a lot of feminine nudity if it's your thing, but do not get excited because you still have to watch a horrible film to see it, is it really useful? <br /> <br /> Technically, DarkWolf is doing well. apart from perhaps the worst CGI effect of all time, it is reasonably well manufactured and seems to have at least some production values. The acting game is what you really expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is still a low budget horror movie that throws a veil over the shelves of the video store and clutter the schedules of obscure cable TV stations, I did not think it was as bad as others, but it's like saying that going to the dentist is a little more fun than attending a funeral, even if, in the end, they're both awful ...
