Even though this movie was supposedly a joke in response to critics, it remains an awful movie. If we want to engage in this kind of thing, at least make it a good joke ..... first of all, Jeroen Krabbé is I suppose that Gerard Depardieu poor ..... of course I hate Gerard Depardieu same if he was very funny in the 'Iron Mask' three musketeer one. Otherwise, he is a box-office poison and Jeroen Krabbé is worse than that. Poison at the box office of the poor man ... in reality, this is not fair to economically deprived people. If the "4th man" is supposed to be a kind of criticism of the bourgeoisie ... what am I saying? it's not. Suppose that if it was supposed to be, it was not clear enough. Satire is a delicate thing .... if it is not sharp enough, the viewer becomes the target of the joke ...... I think that's what happened. The story ends with a group of disgusting and disgusting characters who do nothing that would matter to anyone and who are not interested either interestingly ..... satire) <br /> <br /> [alert potential spoiler] <br /> <br /> Really, the pipe in the cemetery that the character of Jeroen Krabbé is working so hard to reach .... do you care? it's funny? Since Mr. Voerhoven is supposed to be a good filmmaker, I will give him the benefit of the doubt and assume that it is a misanthropic joke that has become out of control ..... although I suppose he did not throw Jeroen Krabbé because he's the worst actor and every character he's played is a pretentious bourgeois donkey ... except he's incompetent. It becomes a strange caricature. Do you think that Mr. Voerhoven did it on purpose? and Jeroen Krabbé is also the target of the joke? I just do not see it ...... So you understand the dilemma I'm facing here, right? It's the worst film of all time because he's supposed to be a good director. So, there is some kind of deception involved. I knew Patch Adams was horrible without even seeing him. Do not be fooled by the deceptively attractive packaging of 'The 4th Man' or the reputation of Mr Voerhoven as a good director, etc.
