This excuse for a movie reminded me a lot of what I had heard about "Gigli", that Ben and Jen failed earlier this summer. "The Order" has been clearly edited to such an unreasonable degree that the scenes, rather than forming a cohesive and provocative film, appear to be a collection of disconnected sequences that hardly advance any semblance of unified plot. Now I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 things I hate from you", "A knight's tale" and especially his role in "Monster's Ball"), but my man needs to find a better agent. Continue to accept scenarios such as "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and he will be on the fast track to forgetting the movie. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems I encountered with the film. First, the director tried to fill in the gaps in his essential plot by introducing two other intrigues that apparently had nothing to do with, or almost nothing. The skeins of conspiracy involving the American trying to conquer the Vatican and the Black Pope, although moderately interesting, revealed nothing to the viewer about the main characters. Attempts to bind these sons together were at best pathetic. Secondly, please do not insult the viewer's intelligence by inserting in the film clearly required scenes. We had fabricated anguish, manufactured love, and the most stupidly constructed sex that looked like a page quite out of "Matrix Reloaded" with scary techno music. Rather than developing their character, these elements seemed to be inexpensive devices that they were clearly an unapologetic attempt to put teens chewing popcorn into the seats. Third, and more importantly, this movie seemed to have an intriguing concept. We have a scandal, we have a religion and we have supernatural forces at play. Why then do we learn almost nothing about anyone's antecedents? We learn a little more about Alex, but even he gives up the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past. And Alex is the most developed character, if you can call him that, in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> As the cliché goes nowadays, if you go to see a movie this year, make sure it is not that one. There are about ten interesting minutes in the unbearable 101-minute affair. The only thing that saved me was to go with a girl that I really like. <br /> <br /> 1 of 10. I am disappointed. Class this one firmly under the potential, but exploit it to the assembly and the bad direction. Heath my man, return to the Monster's Ball cameos. They really suit you.
