The Order begins in Rome, where Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti), in charge of a special order of priests dealing with ghosts and demons, is found dead in New York, where one of his orders, Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger), is approached by Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), a high-ranking brass player, who asks him to investigate the mysterious circumstances of Dominic's death. With his girlfriend Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and his colleague Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy), Alex goes to Italy to search the death of his mentor, while the truth begins to emerge, it appears that Dominic was a "eater of sin, "someone who has absorbed the consequences. sins and lived with the burden of themselves so that they could die in peace and that the Church was not happy with her activities. Alex must do the right thing, even if it goes against what he believes ... <br /> <br /> Also know that under the title The Sin Eater, this American-German co-production has was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & did not really do much for me if I am honest and I am usually honest. Anyway, let's start with the mess of a script that has acceptable ideas, but it is perfectly predictable, extremely dull and boring, very stupid sometimes and it takes itself far too seriously. The whole concept is stupid and although he thinks he's smart with such a neat end that ties everything together and brings the whole story back, I thought it was the most obvious way and the most lazy to put an end to things. There are the usual religious themes here, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, belief, prophecy, blah, blah, blah, you know the kind of thing. Then there are twists that are not difficult to see, there is the abuse of power of high ranking clerics, corruption, greed, evil, etc. You know the kind of ideals of Hollywood clichés and themes that are reused every time he treats Church. The Order has nothing new to say and, as a serious film, it is really bad. I am not sure who the College is intended to appeal to. As a fan of unconditional horror, I did not see the horror at all. As a thriller, it's less thrilling than mysterious, it's too predictable & Nothing here to really hold or maintain our interest & for some reason I can not understand. The ImDb also lists the Order as an absurd action movie because it's as exciting and action-packed as the average episode of Sesame Street (1969 - present), hard maybe, but it's what I think ... <br /> <br /> The director Helgeland does a decent job, the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme and everything seems a little dull, greyish and dull. For a so-called horror movie, The Order is very light on alarms or horror elements, in fact, there are none, aside from two evil children who can turn into a volley of birds for no apparent reason, do not ask. Forget any bloody act or violence, because there is none that would be appropriate, but that would have at least helped make The Order somewhat observable. According to the "Trivia" section of the IMDb, the release date of The Order has been postponed to allow the improvement of some special effects as they seemed strangely amusing. All I can say is that the final movie must be really bad to start. with because they are not really brilliant as they presently present themselves. <br /> <br /> I was surprised to see that the College had a budget of about $ 28,000,000, which is a hell of a lot of money and I simply can not see where everything happened outside of the sets and production design that are good. The whole movie looks and feels very mean and quite forgettable. The acting game is OK, although the boring fat guy who seems to be some sort of comical and impolite relief irritates, a good actor like Peter Weller deserves better than that. <br /> <br /> The Order, I prefer the title In fact, The Sin Eater does not matter too much, it misses all the targets targeted by the proverbial distance I'm concerned with and is a pretty boring to lose 100 minutes of your life so do not do it! Not recommended.
