In past times of the Catholic Church, a sin-eater was an individual who, through a ritual, would take the sins of a dying man on himself. Often, these people were excommunicated or similar people that the church did not want to absolve, thus depriving them of entry to Heaven. The sin-eaters were considered blasphemous, bypassing the repurchase monopoly of the time. Have a little fun with a declared supernatural mojo, let the concept wander and you'll get "The Order", a film that combines the religious anti-authoritarianism of "Stigmata", the paranormal investigation "The X-Files" and the Sexual spirituality "The Thorn Birds" in a strange mix that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a rogue priest, one of the last members of the Carolingian order, a heretical order of priests seeking knowledge and demons. When Alex's mentor is found dead in strange circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Brothers Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman) were victims of one of Alex's exorcisms last year. The three travel to Rome to investigate and are drawn into a dark underworld of strange Catholic heresy, ominous prophecies, demonic intrusions and a man claiming to be the last survivor of the Sin-Eater (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same directors on the sparse and unenthusiastic photo film, "A Knight's Tale"), the film is strange and difficult to categorize. He wants to be several things at once - supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, drama television pilot - and only sometimes succeeds at one of them. This does not help the slow pace or the fact that most actors seem to sleep in their performance with occasional flashes of intelligence. Ledger, in particular, has a particularly surprising scene of despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance. Sossman, however, displayed the same disconnected performance that she has given in all her films (notably in "The Rules Of Attraction"). <br /> <br /> The plot itself winds its way between several different story arcs, making you wonder what the main thing is, each bow containing its share of red herring. It seems that large gaps in storytelling are lost between scenes, which can be confusing for many, but it is also one of the saving grace of the film. The structure of the film - coupled with the fact that there is never a really clear antagonist until the very end of the film - forces the viewer to analyze and reason at a time when most of the films are blatantly about everything (the exception is the historical context of the Carolingians and the practice of the consumption of sin, explained in a dry exhibition). Even at the beginning of the film, the relationships and the story of the characters are deduced instead of being explained. If you combine this with on-site shooting and the judicious use of special effects, you get a very old supernatural thriller, with even the opening credits reminiscent of the late '70s / early' 80s. A brief mention here also of David Torn's subtle and organic score, a combination of minimalist orchestration and exotic voices inspired by Lisa Gerrard. A beautiful score that evokes without being exuberant and exists in a very misleading simplicity. <br /> <br /> A confusing plot, a lack of purpose and sometimes sleepy performances would often make a damn movie, but for some reason, "The Order" remains watchable. Many people will be very disappointed with the film for its strange sensibilities, and some may even be angry at being forced to use the higher functions of their brain to understand it. Nevertheless, the intangibility of the film will prevent it from being a critical or commercial success until the DVD, which, I am sure, will be filled with many deleted scenes. A movie recommended only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10
