This movie was amazing. I saw it at the San Francisco Film Festival in 2004. Before starting, the theater owner stood up and told us how half of the audience had left the theater the night before, which was his " world premiere ". I do not think anyone in the theater realized how bad the movie was going to be at that time. We all understood at the end. <br /> <br /> This is not a documentary, but it is somehow sold as such. Dark Angel was a bad biography and a misplaced homage to Bettie Paige, in which half of the movie is actually a new replica of Bettie Paige's old movie. The film lasts only 90 minutes and the content of these 90 minutes is at least below average. A scene would begin then someone would say "wow you're so great Bettie, why do not we make another movie." This would be followed by a 5 minute remake of Bettie Paige that was almost as ridiculous as (and even more boring than) the normal part of the movie. At the end of the movie, people were laughing every time another remake of Bettie Paige's movie came up. it was as ridiculous as that. I heard a lot of laughter in this theater, but people did not make fun of the filmmaker, they made fun of the film, its content and its poor structure. It was easy to say because the most laughing parts were the ones that were supposed to be serious or revealing. <br /> <br /> I know that movies are expensive. I have seen a lot of independent films made cheaply, but in one way or another, the cinematography and the quality of this film sets it apart from everything I've ever seen. The movie seems to have been made for 12 dollars. The cuts, the grain and the lack of sensual plot made it a memorable experience. This movie is "Dude, where is my car?" look like citizen Kane. <br /> <br /> My friends and I left the theater with the feeling that we had just paid $ 8 to be tortured. The only rewarding part of this experience was that we laughed that someone had actually made this movie and thought it was good. Apparently, the night before, the night of the "world premiere", the director / writer / producer was in the audience and had witnessed laughter and people walking around in his movie. Bettie Paige's films were destroyed. They should also destroy this movie.
