One of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining activities is the pollution of downstream streams, rivers and lakes containing too much sediment and toxins. In the nineteenth century, in the United States, one of the most serious examples of excess sedimentation in rivers was caused by the hydraulic exploitation of gold-bearing gravelly hills on the flanks of the Sacramento Valley from the early 1850s. This process involved directing a jet of high-pressure water to the side of the hill, causing the material to wash downhill, where gold could be separated from gravel and sediment. The sediments then gathered in a ditch or stream and most of them headed for the Sacramento River or its tributaries. Sediment in the river bed increased the risk of flooding in agricultural fields and downstream towns and created permanent marshes in some areas. Some of the sediment has spilled onto agricultural fields, where it could cover a growing crop, a more desirable soil or make plowing difficult. For example, Warner's 1938 almost forgotten color film deals with the conflicting interests of companies using hydro farms and downstream farmers affected by these operations. <br /> <br /> First, one wonders why Warner decided to shoot this film in a rather poor Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. A story about wheat producers and miners however, it does not seem to justify the expenses and difficulties involved in color filming at that time. The answer seems to be the excessive movie time spent indoors, with colorful clothes and whimsical ornaments. We could then ask ourselves why George Brent, colorless, was chosen as the ultimate man and the ultimate hero, to pair with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this movie really needed a charismatic man to wear it. Even the very colorful Gabby Hayes, in her small role, seemed unusually moderate. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before the last part of the film, apparently more dramatic. The part I have seen has spent too much time working out a complex set of relations between too many people instead of graphically describing the difficult situation of the chosen wheat baron and perhaps the inhabitants of neighboring towns and their attempts to deal with their problems of flooding and sedimentation. It must have looked more like "The Good Earth", released the year before. Maybe that would have been appropriate for a charismatic man, such as Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the question of the inept title. Warner could surely have offered a catchy or more appropriate title. "Gold Grain Gold" is short and accurate. In this regard, I understand that there is still a lot of gold in "these hills", which are waiting to be extracted by means other than hydraulic exploitation.
