When hordes of robots begin to attack the big cities, who will stop the madman behind the attacks? Captain Sky !!! Jude Law plays Joe Aullivan, the ace of skyways, and tackles insurmountable obstacles alongside his embarrassing ex-girlfriend journalist Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and his former flying partner, Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Pretty one). <br /> Sky Captain and the world of tomorrow may look like an exciting movie, but it is really dull and disappointing. The duration of the film is 106 minutes and yet, it seems much longer because there is no substance in this film. The visual effects were excellent and the film did a good job in this regard. However, nothing supports these wonderful visuals. The film lacks history and interesting characters, which makes it quite boring and useless. I blame director and writer Kerry Conran. He focuses too much on the visual elements and spends little time on the story. The film is like a girl without personality, after a while it becomes a little bland and tiring. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl without personality. It's just another case of style versus substance. <br /> <br /> The acting is surprisingly average and it's not really their fault because they had very little to work with. The main reason I watched this movie is Angelina Jolie. However, the advertisement is quite misleading and it only appears in the movie for about 30 minutes. His performance is surprisingly bland too. Jude Law gives a satisfactory performance, although you expect much more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special at all. The performance of Ling Bai is the only one I really appreciated. She is very good at portraying the mysterious woman and was the only interesting character in the whole film. <br /> <br /> However, the film is not a complete bust. There were "wow" and exciting scenes. They just were not enough. The movie just does not have that hook to make it memorable. It was actually pretty bland and it was not very engaging at all. It's a shame that the film is not very good, because it had such a promising premise. In the end, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and does not really deserve to be observed. Note 4/10
