The zeppelins that explode on the base of Jude Law of 'Sky Captain' present a metaphor adequate to describe how this film is really terrible. First of all, let me say at the outset that I sincerely doubt that Paramount can ever recover money from this film. It may become a cult hit, but only because it is so remarkable for what it failed to achieve. I can see the height of the studio now. "Let's combine German Expressionism from the 1920s and a 1940s global adventure with a modern action movie and use computer animation to dominate every scene! Wow, it will not be a success!", Skycaptain bludone the viewer with his excess. There are too many false explosions, too many scenes of dog fighting unconvincing and too few real moments where the characters are anything but painfully two-dimensional. After all, why shock and impress with a floating airship when you can have three, five or a hundred ?! Moreover, what could have been a groundbreaking film, seamlessly combining computer-generated images and human actors in a stylized and intriguing framework, will become a failure because it does not meet the most important requirement of all. movie using CGI. Simply, the graphics are incredibly mediocre. From the movement of cars to airplane physics in aerial combat, everything seems to be a little behind. I'm not fooling here in any way. A toddler might notice that a car does not slide along the road like a maglev train (unless it's a Mercedes S500). And for those of you who raise your voice in protest, shouting "It's a stylized film, it's not supposed to be like the reality," let me just say this. Lord of the Rings set the standard for integrating real actors into CGI, Starship Troopers set the standard for ironic sci-fi movies, the Rocketeer managed to reintroduce the decade of the 1920s into the movie portfolio Hollywood, and Tim Burton's Batman has created a unique image of New York City / Gotham that has not been reproduced yet. Sky Captain is so late on all these films that it is difficult for me to quote them in the same sentence. In addition, the acting is so poor, it makes me really sick. So there you have it. I spent $ 9 to see this movie and you get my review. I hope that will dissuade you from making the same mistake as me.
