"Sky Captain" can be considered as a tribute to comics, pulp adventures and movie series, but it contains little of the magic of some of the best of these genres. One contributor stated that the enjoyment of the film depends on the recognition of the influences of the film. I do not think that's true. The expectations of the films, fiction and series to which "Captain" pays tribute were totally different. Especially for those who lived these entertainments when they were children. This film is almost completely devoid of the charm and the magnetic attraction of these. Of course, we know that the tracks will come in and out of the pitfalls, but there must be tension and drama. Towards the culmination of "Captain" Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to avoid a disaster and, by the time they reach five minutes, they walk and do not run towards their goal. They take time for long looks, unnecessary conversations and the contemplation of an enemy fallen to the ground, 30 seconds away from the tragedy. Of course, some conventions are expected to be included, but a good director would have kept a sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> We do not expect movies like this to make sense. They are expected to be fun, exciting and have a sense of inner logic. "Captain" has almost none. Do you remember when Law and Paltrow are chased by winged creatures and they reach a huge chasm that they cross through a log bridge? Well, how come they are perfectly safe from these creatures when they reach the other side? They can fly !!! The gulf itself does not mean anything to them. The bridge is useless for them so where is the leak? If the earth crossing the abyss is "forbidden" to flying creatures, the film makes no effort to tell us how, why and even if. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and Law (who both have good performances in the past) were playing "guys" but both were pretty flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who showed himself capable of great nuances here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give "punch" to their roles, although Omid Djalili seemed to be able to handle it a bit more if he had not been given the chance. He still did a good job considering how he was wasted. <br /> <br /> The film had a great look, but CGI distracts in many ways. CGI works best when used for fantasy, when used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for spectacular scientists or magics. When it is used to replace natural sites, it disappoints. There is no real sense of wonder. A CGI mountain has nothing of the majesty or the feeling of fear and foresight that a real mountain has. I know that the design of this film was quite deliberate and that it was not necessarily supposed to look true, but should not it feel that way? It just does not work. <br /> <br /> Regarding the weak script and cliche ... tribute is not an excuse. Nevertheless, if the film had thrills and dramatic tension, it could still be nice. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but it contains everything that "Captain" did not do in particular, he trained the viewer in his world and made us accept his rules and his way of being in a way that "Sky Captain" absolutely does not have. <br /> <br /> I would like to see an approach similar to that adopted for the comic book heroes movies of the '30s and' 40s. We think of the original (Jay Garrick) Flash or the Green Lantern ( Alan Scott) as being ripe for such treatment. Perhaps the best-known, best-known, best-made characters would be a much better movie. It would be hard to be worse.
