Sky Captain is perhaps the best horrible movie I've seen in a long time. Rifled with incredible computer graphics and special effects, dotted with a leading cast (Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie and the infinitely likeable Giovanni Ribisi), and a race with an overused but very inspired by Indiana Jones, it should have been a movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Of course, the key term should be here. <br /> <br /> Jude Law plays Joe the Captain of the Sky with a dashing accent and a lot of -shorts, smirking, but you can not do anything from scratch, and even his offhand deliveries and his childish look can not save the dialogue of the film stone. (If he slapped Giovanni Ribisi on the back and said, "Good boy, Dex," again, I might have bitten the guy in front of me.) Gwyneth Paltrow, as Polly Perkins, does is nothing less than nervous network. His nasal and not sarcastic comments get older in the first ten minutes of the film. Perhaps she has done too much to interpret the heroin of comics from the 1930s, who knows? I was expecting more of her. The film "The Phantom", played by Kristy Swanson and Billy Zane, is a good example of how a similar character was played (and played well). Rent the movie and you will understand what I mean. <br /> <br /> Giovanni Ribisi and Angelina Jolie were the saving grace of the film. (Angelina Jolie was incredibly hot in this headband, I'll admit it.) In a few short scenes, both actors managed to overcome the tired material and deliver a more captivating performance than their dry, two-dimensional casting mates. The plot and the steady progression of the story were old, boring and in fact were a monotonous combination of all the good scenes from an action movie of the last thirty years. The rhythm is fast in the first half of the film and a snail step in the second, leaving the audience enough time not only to guess the eventual conclusion of the film, but also to determine who is the main villain. The couple is rather cliché. Polly Perkins and Sky Captain have apparently gathered after several years of separation from a bitterly endowed novel, and their story is not as charming and eclectic as it is annoying and unbalanced. When they end up accepting their common feelings toward the end of the film, no one is surprised and nobody really cares either. <br /> <br /> Congratulations to the director for appreciating Bai Ling enough to dress her up in vinyl for the entire film, as well as for the intriguing sepia tones that have been used throughout. But Sky Captain, despite all the essential elements to be a good movie, falls flat. Not even worth the $ 2.75 that I paid for going to the theater.
