As a result of Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Smoking, the British film industry quickly became engulfed in bad gangster films in the late 90s and early 2000s, which seem even more desperate today than before. In one of the biggest cases of pork pearls, Rancid Aluminum producers cheekily coated the quote from the film "The best film of the century" in a recurring narrative while omitting the rest of the sentence by pointing out that it's only because at the time, it was the only movie released in 2000. Looking today, it's hard to imagine how it was shot, bringing together a cast that was briefly considered the cream of Cool Britannia Lads. Mags Brigade ?? Rhys Ifans, Sadie Frost, Nick Moran and Joseph Fiennes ?? but now just a turkey guarantee every time in a confused adaptation of a confused James Hawes novel. The fact that the plot is never explained could be related to the possibility that no one really knows what it is, or maybe it just does not matter. Something to do with the fact that the Ifans businessman was established with the leader of Steven Berkoff's Russian homicidal crime in a money laundering or investment scheme (nobody ever knows because nobody not asked) by the twisted Irish accountant from Fiennes who expects the Russians to kill Ifans so that he can resume his bankrupt society. Things get more and more confused and under-explained from there. Ifans alternates between shouting how terrible his life is by juggling with visits to the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and Tara Fitzgerald's boldly accented temptress, Berkoff continues to say "Bizniss" and "Francis Drake" and Fiennes make a decent Irish accent while proving that the fact that he plays a great writer in Shakespeare in Love does not mean that he is a judge of quality writing with regard to film scripts. <br /> <br /> the most convincing performances come from Keith Allen and Dani Behr, you know that a film is in trouble. Poland replacing a Polish-accented Russia and a strange score that goes from John Barry pastiche to the lounge music of Ennio Morricone spaghetti Western with a stylist budget, it completely fails in the interesting objectives it aims and ends up reaching a curious overhanging but almost less conspiracy less full limbo, sitting there like a dog poop store joke.
