This film was a real torture party. His first mistake is to regard nuclear power as a "bad thing" so obvious that it is hardly necessary to convince the public. When he lowers himself to argue his argument, he forces the participants to provide breathless facts scarcely justified; all that is missing is someone crying "when will someone think of the children!" Watching this movie, I kept asking myself "Where did you hear that?" or "this can not possibly be true" - yet little information has been backed up by reliable sources. And, fortunately, the "regulars" of the film have rather resembled Luddites than people who fully understand the pros and cons of nuclear energy; to be fair, it is perhaps the fault of the filmmakers, but also, it is a condition that share the stars of the film. <br /> <br /> Regarding the performers ......... .. Now, some of these people are very respected musicians whose music I really liked, and I'm sure some of them really believed in this cause. But they all look like old hissing hippies desperately looking for something to fear, now that the sixties have passed them. Graham Nash and James Taylor are particularly embarrassing. Nash seems to be trying too hard - he seems like he can not believe the things he's being told (not that I'm blaming him), but he's desperate to feel noticed and included. James Taylor interprets the hymn of the most derisive protest of all time, Stand and Fight, in the most cheerful and cheerful way you can imagine. In fact, most representations are pretty bland when they are not condescending. Nobody seems to be agitated by this event, as if it really meant nothing to them. It should be noted that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be John Hall, from the Orleans band, and responsible for most of the weakest MOR Pops of the 70s. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance With Me" and "Still the One".) It's worth noting because it's a symbol of how the cause here inspires no real passion in music. The cause is supposed to be life or death, but everyone walks like a sleepwalker, like he's playing Catskills. Except perhaps Gil-Scott Heron - his protest number "We have almost lost Detroit" is at least the subject, but delivered with all the bliss of a high school student impressed by his "controversy". <br /> <br /> Only Bruce Springsteen's performance sets the tone; I have never been a big Boss fan, but he absolutely smokes, no doubt. Part of me thinks that it was recorded separately, at another event, and integrated in this film to awaken the audience. It's no wonder Bruce was hailed as the savior of rock'n'roll. <br /> <br /> But even his interpretation is hindered by the lifeless shooting of a concert. I do not expect a lot of flashy camera movements from a 70s film, but the shots are unnecessarily static, broken down only into fractions of a second to the singer's tonsils. This may be due to the fact that the interpreters are lifeless to begin with; and * maybe * filmmakers are more skilled at making documentaries than live recordings - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie like this. it turned with more skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So really, there are only two things to watch this film: Springsteen's stellar performance and a sad snapshot of a declining counter-culture.
