This extremely weak Australian excuse for a movie is a bit like the Dog Pavlov's experience among horror movies. You remember that famous "conditioned reflex" experience of your school books, did not you? Russian scientist Pavlov has proved that dogs tend to salivate before food reaches their mouths, thanks to repetitive routines that stimulate the animal's reflexes. Pavlov rang a bell a few moments before the food was delivered to the dog. After a while, he became anxious and excited and has already started to salivate on hearing the sound of the bell. What does hell have in common this boring explanation with a sleazy and low budget Australian slasher movie? Well, the modus operandi of the maniacal killer in "Nightmares" is an exact variant of Pavlov's experience. Each murder sequence is preceded by the raw sound and image of the murderer who breaks a glass because he / she insists on the use of a piece of sharp glass to slice the victims. This means that soon after, inattentive and bored viewers can afford to doze off and just watch again when they hear the sound of broken glass. In this way, they still do not miss anything special! <br /> <br /> Regarding the quality of the movie "Nightmares", I can be very brief. It's a cheap, uninspired and largely idiotic Australian money on the contemporary popular trend of the American slasher. In the early 1960s, a four-year-old girl witnessed the cruel death of her mother as her throat was cut in the throat in a nasty car accident. Twenty years later, the same girl ?? Helen Selleck ?? is a successful theater actress, but she still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers horrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. She plays an audition for a role in a black comedy piece revolving around death and gets the role. Shortly after the premiere, all those who are involved remotely in the production are slaughtered. The way this film tries to defend the mystery of the identity and motivations of the murderer is really delayed, even if even the most childish viewer can already understand it after the first murder. I do not think I have ever seen a more obvious thriller than "Nightmares" and the creators should have immediately shown his face and saved themselves from embarrassment. The murders are explicit and very bloody and there is also a large unhealthy amount of free nudity to "enjoy". However, the production values ​​are mediocre and the film is never shocking nor provocative. The few excerpts from the play that we see clearly show that it would be quite possible. It might be the worst thing ever played on stage. The only positive elements of the film are the characters of the director and critic of the gay newspaper, both deliciously sarcastic and insulting as much as we the rest of the cast members. "Nightmares" is a horrible horror movie, but at least I gave you a gold tip to make it more digestible.
