Professor Andoheb (George Zucco), Professor Andoheb (George Zucco), prepares after his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) the quest for vengeance across the Atlantic for the quest for revenge in America using the Kharis mummy (Lon Chaney, Jr reason being in disguise..Any stunt man could do the same credible job tracking down and choking the victims) in order to kill the surviving members of the Banning family including Patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and Babe Hanson's assistant (Wallace Ford) has been found the mummified corpse of Princess Ananka from her grave in Egypt .. Andoheb considers this to be an act of unusual profanation and wants the family to suffer for committing an act so horrible to an ancient Egyptian custom. Bey and mother Kharis find a beautiful hiding place in a cemetery where the high priest of Karnak can work as an interim guardian. Each Full Moon, Bey will provide Kharis with a form of liquid derived from several leaves of Tana that will keep it alive not only but also subject to the wishes of its master. Bey orders Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), while asking Babe time to return to become the third victim. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox), but does not know that Bey secretly covets his fiancée who plans to kidnap her with Kharis' help. John's life is in danger because of his father ... he is also the last remaining member of the Banning line. If Bey is Isobel, there is no chance that Bannings will be born. The police must find Kharis and the person responsible for his carnage..Bey. <br /> <br /> This film is the continuation of HAND, filmed several years later, while members of this film, Foran, Ford & Zucco all appear in "aging". "Makeup providing wrinkles showing gaps in time while Andoheb was preparing for the death of the Bannings.The romance of John and Isobel seems to be included in this plot, so that Bey will ruin everything, putting his perfect shot that was implemented successfully before releasing it.And Bey sees it only frolic with John on the grass.All the waste of the "love at first sight" has not been washed for me. , you have the mom capable of killing people with one arm .. is any mom really that powerful? This movie also uses a ton of footage from the previous movie to save a budget on this sequel. not a lot of history here and yes, typical of Universal monster images, even in America, a crowd of people will come on..well..abeach..attack after Kharis.You know how this will end.John and the very powerful Kharis will clash in a huge house of a master surrounded by a fire that will burn all around them and where the evil will be engulfed by a flame.
