I listened to this movie one evening on a cable channel a few minutes after the end of the credits, so I did not know who did it at first. The more I saw him, the more I began to think: "Jesus, it looks like a film by Albert Pyun." I did not know too much for two main reasons: the photography was pretty good (and the Utah desert landscape was beautiful), and Scott Paulin gave a hilarious performance in the role of Simon, a deadly cyborg, but with a certain style and humor. Paulin must have released the many intelligent dudes he launched, because Albert Pyun did not write anything funny or consistent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin does not have much time on the screen before his departure and the film is the worst. Lance Henriksen, who plays the evil cyborg in the head, is making its way as in many other movies like this one. I do not know what Kris Kristofferson does in this thing; perhaps he wanted to see what the desert of Utah looked like and get paid for it. He looks at the film as if he had just woken up and spends most of the last part of the film on his back in a tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a great body, is attractive, has a great body, fights very well, has a great body and she does not have any artistic talent, but it does not matter in a movie like this. As it is a film by Albert Pyun, it is full of well-known brands that we all love: stupid and idiotic dialogue, jerky editing, and the impression that they have lost a reel in the middle of the and figured, "Ah, no one will ever notice it." <br /> <br /> As bad as this film is, Pyun is however superior to most other Pyun efforts - it's the "citizen" Kane "compared to his adorable brain" Adrenaline ". : Feel the Rush, for example, the fights are pretty good, if they repeat themselves (after she has knocked out eight or nine guys one after the other, you find yourself saying, "All right. , go for something else "), and Long is very athletic (and, as a noted poster, has a big behind) It's not a good movie, far from the imagination, but it's not so inconsistent and incompetent than the usual extravagances of Pyun.You could do worse than rent this movie - not much worse, tuned, but worse anyway.
