Installed in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs led by the warlord Job reign over the human population. They basically keep them as livestock because they need fresh human blood to live. Nea and her brother survived one of their attacks as a child. The years have passed since she found herself face to face with the cyborgs. This time she was saved by the cyborg Gabriel, created to destroy everything. cyborgs. Job and his men are about to take over a densely populated city, while Nea asks Gabriel to train him to kill cyborgs and she will drive him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> The writing and directing of director Albert Pyun (who directed "Cyborg" and the scathing "Nemsis" of the same year) are both inexpensive and inexpensive. Very little structure infiltrates this used history, because the turgid script is weak, old-fashioned and overestimated. The lead tape tries to be spiritual, but it stinks and seems to be comical in unintended moments. Most of the actions that occur are quite foolish and routine. The material could have used another polish, because it was an inspired idea engulfed by lazy inclusions, a lack of narrative and an almost pleasant tone. The open conclusion, cliffhanger, is simply too abrupt, especially since a sequel has yet been given. This gives the impression that it is short of money, and says, "It's time to pack up, let's finish another day (or maybe another decade). However, he found the film rather entertaining, thanks in large part to George Mooradian's fast paced, well-executed fights and slippery cinematography, which superbly captured this striking background. The performances are right. Kris Kristofferson's hard character works perfectly as Gabriel and Kathy Long is self-confident and psychically capable of performing stunts expertly and aggressively. However, his game is too much wood. Lance Henriksen, a great aggressor, offers a pure mouth-watering performance of ham, as Job, the head of the naughty cyborg, who constantly loses saliva. Scott Paulin is also very cheerful when one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels do the same. Pyun presents only a few exciting pieces of martial art, boasting vibrant vigor and free idling. Blending into the background is a burning musical score, but with mechanical sound. The special effects and makeup effects are quite accurate. Visible, but not quite a success and its minimal limitations can be a cause of it.
