An allegation of serious sexual assault along with some other nasty peccadilloes, including the misuse of a broom, is being waged against half a dozen of the high school's most popular jocks in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by a student "slightly retarded" (Heather Matarazzo). The investigation and the preparation of the file are entrusted to the prosecutor's office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are responsible. <br /> <br /> Rumors about the case are spreading through Glen Ridge, a bourgeois suburb. where the jocks are worshiped by all members of the community. (One of their fathers is a police lieutenant.) Nobody believes in Matarazzo. "Our boys would never take a slut like this in the basement, rape her and subject her to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will be able to structure a sufficiently convincing case so that they can bring the judges to justice. Matarazzo is not an ideal applicant. She desperately needs love and friendship, which allows false friends to deceive her by making false statements. A gooey journalist says, "You can trust me," but it turns out that the journalist can no longer be trusted. Another student, a very popular girl at school, takes Linda Tripp to Matarazzo, pretending to be her girlfriend, but while asking her suggestive questions about the incident - and recording the results! As a result, watching this story unfold is like being on a roller coaster. At first, it seems like a good deal for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, oops, the community is organizing against the law. Then it looks good again. But then, the reporter intervenes. While this hurdle is not quickly overcome, Linda Tripp puts her big nose into the investigation and makes public the tapes that seem to indicate that Matarazzo was lying. (Well, actually, she was lying - but she was lying to her interrogator to please her.) So it's over, but Matarazzo refuses to speak because she does not want to be called "delayed." Eric Stoltz is doing well in the role of the prosecutor. I say that for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pago Pago at the same time. (I hope she's not the kid I had this altercation at the Seaside Club bar, and if so, I get my compliment.) Ally Sheedy is a strange actress and hard to characterize . She did a wonderful job, without restraint, in "Fine Art", but I did not realize that any special efforts were made for that role, which was a formula, anyway. I mean, neither she, nor Stoltz, nor anyone else could give an interpretation of bravery in what is essentially a comic book story. <br /> <br /> Producers and the director had the good sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of victim. The worst thing they could have done was to cast a neotene blond and charming. Instead, Matarazzo, not at all ugly, looks rather sober and this quality is complemented by regular makeup and makeup. Writers have not turned it nostalgically and gently. She has a character and is sometimes irritating to listen to, which is a good thing. <br /> <br /> The character of Matarazzo is best drawn in the film. The jocks are stereotypes. Pure evil. They believe themselves above the law, mingle with a friendly evening in East Orange, destroy the place at a party far worse than the culminating orgy of "La Dolce Vita" and leave without explanation or excuse. They deserve to get caught - and they do it. <br /> <br /> I called it a comic story and that's about what it is. This does not question any of our prejudices. This reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and bad. And we do not doubt for a moment who is who. What I'm waiting for - not really, it's just rhetoric - is a film almost identical to this one and a dozen others, but in which the victim LYING to get his name and his photo in the newspapers and gather all these marks of sympathy emanate from well-meaning people like the rest of us. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a true story, as are so many others that we have all seen, and even more fiction. (For example, "The Accused".) Some are good, others are strictly routine. Okay. It's enough. Now, when do we see a film about the Tawana Brawley affair, in which the teenage girl went missing for a few days, then asked her friends to undress her, tie her up and smear her? earth, could claim to have been kidnapped and raped by the police? Now, THAT would be a challenge in a way that's just not the case.
