In this bio-fiction jazz mawkish written and directed by Spike Lee, things go wrong sooner and later. <br /> <br /> Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a jazz trumpet player who performs in front of a quintet who packs them to Below the Underdog. His problems include an incompetent manager, a stage saxophonist and two friends with whom he plays with mattresses. The true love of his life is his trumpet and his music. The group's director, Giant, has a dangerous gambling problem and is proving to be an inefficient negotiator with greedy club owners. It would be better to dump it, but Bleek remains faithful as long as possible. This will prove his loss as an artist, but ironically contribute to his growth as a man. <br /> <br /> As a Bleek, Denzell Washington has it all wrong as an ambitious trumpet player with a baby on each arm. He is too kind to be so focused on his art, dispensing patience and love to his loved ones with a minimum of hindsight. He is simply missing the fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays Henderson the saxist, would have been much more responsive to the role, but he should have even uttered the flabby rejection of Lee's torpid dialogue. As a giant, Lee hits the trio with an abyssal performance that lives up to his writing and direction. Trying vaguely to reflect Ratso Rizzo dirty but friendly to Joe Buck of Bleek, he adopts a limp and even the moment when I walk here of Midnight Cowboy. In this case, you want the taxi to overthrow and finish. <br /> <br /> Lee's script is a lukewarm argument, a scathing rib and a veiled insult accompanied by some clumsy editorials that Lee has to inject to stay down. The scenes between the members of the group behind the scenes and in rehearsal are sparse and only surpassed by the sadness of the conversations of Bleek, Giant who look ad lib and go around in circles. Lee's pretentious visual style complements this parody. Tracking shots, zooms and panning is wasted and has no meaning for the scenes. They walk. <br /> <br /> Blues is Lee's love letter to jazz (made implicit by the mountains of memories stuck on all the sets) and it's all a sentimental clapping trap that lacks passion and verve . Jazz on film is best served by Tavernier's "Midnight Round" and Eastwood's "Bird", which unveil more facets of form, the pain behind it, and offer Forrest's infinitely superior lead performance. Whitaker and reality, Dexter Gordon. This Spike Lee Joint does not even offer a slight buzz. It's a pretty bad house.
