I am normally a fan of Spike Lee. It takes a bit of time to really get into his "mojo," but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell a story that is close to his heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike The 25th Hour or Bamboozled (two of my favorite movies), there was no clear story in this movie. I could understand the fight between Washington and the choice to play well or be influenced by others, but for some reason Lee was never able to get the real feeling. Washington did a decent job with what had been handed to him, but you could say it was not Lee's favorite movie. Lee not only made this film, but he also wrote it. You could say. The work of the camera was horrible and the writing only contributed to the degradation of the film. This film was coming to an end and it was not going to be pretty. Lee was not 100% behind this film as he was with Do the Right Thing. Of all the films I've seen directly, it's the most brilliant and the most modest of his films. It was almost as if he had created a Hollywood movie instead of a movie of his own. I do not know if he saw the money from Do the Right Thing and won, or what? but this film did not show his true talent. <br /> <br /> For those who have already seen this movie and may have stopped watching anything Spike Lee did later, I suggest you give it a second chance. Do not get me wrong, I see exactly where you're coming from with this movie and why you'd like to leave it behind, but Lee is growing up. His work becomes more personal, and you can see the transformation of the desire to make money by just wanting to make good movies. It took me a while to watch The 25th Hour, but when I looked at it, it was just great. Maybe it was the actors, maybe the story, but Lee made an extraordinary film from the journey of a man into the unknown. I guess that's what I hoped Mo 'Better Blues turns out to be. This really dark journey into the life of a man who never really grew up, but all I got was Denzel who is Denzel. He is truly one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I really consider him Sydney Poitier of the cinema, but it is not the film that showcases his talent. <br /> <br /> Another problem I encountered with this film was the use of Spike's sister playing one of the interests of love. I do not know about you and your family, but I do not think I could have filmed a sex scene with my sister. I do not care who the actor is and how much money I get paid, I would never do it. It's just something I never want to see, but apparently it's different for Spike. He went ahead and showed the complete naked picture of his sister without any remorse. It was sad and it even made me blush. In addition, I need someone to answer me this. What did Flavour Flav do when presenting this film? So, I'm sitting on my couch, ready to start the film, when suddenly a voice from the past spells out the studio that made this film, then it recognizes itself. This did not build for a strong remnant of the story. Once again, I felt that Lee was looking for money for this film instead of the current talent. Maybe that's how he could have offered himself to Denzel and Wesley in the same movie without exploding. <br /> <br /> Two great scenes in this film have been worth watching to the end. Do not get me wrong, it was a very bad film, but there is always a diamond in every alley. The scene where Bleek accidentally forgets what woman he is is hypnotic. He came and went constantly, mixing truth and confusion in a way that proved that Lee was really behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in the reshuffle because of the remaining poor scenes. The other scene that deserved to be watched was the way Lee presented and ended the film. Keeping the same pace and direction, he was able to turn this tragic character into a full circle and give him the chance to change his life. Apart from these two moments, the rest of the film was purely ordered and worth watching only if you are about to go blind. <br /> <br /> Note: ** on *****
