There are two groups of people ... those who love all the Fellini movies they see and the normal people. Although I admit that I really enjoyed some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can not bear some of them. My opinion, by the way, is not just an impulsive reaction: I have seen most of Fellini's films and I have also seen many of the world's most famous directors. With that in mind, I think the most overrated and annoying directors can be both Godard and Fellini. They are both delighted with the strange and often unstoppable and yet have received many congratulations from critics and "intellectia", while the average person would never listen to some of their films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema would usually be left behind by watching some of these movies. So, as only a small clique really looks at their movies and they are already predisposed to see directors as geniuses, it's no wonder that their movies are so often touted - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think of many Godard films such as FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF THE SPIRITS? These films are full of boredom, strange and incomprehensible. Now, I'm not saying that a movie can not be strange (after all, I love the happiness of Katakuris and SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it must be watched! <br /> <br /> Let's move on to this film now. In one way or another, Fellini has managed to tell the story of a sexually compulsive man completely boring and devoid of sexuality. This is not an easy task, it took a lot of work to make it so unassailable. Instead of cheap sexual thrills, sexual acts are stupidly and boringly choreographed while Casanova's character is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know some of these things had to be Fellini's intention, but many viewers will be bored by this sterile performance - especially since Sutherland's lines are all badly dubbed in Italian and so he does not look like to himself! Unfortunately, when the film is not wrapped in these boring sexual adventures, there is really nothing else to watch. <br /> <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this monotonous film is that the actress looks suspiciously like a younger version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Considering that in addition to that, in previous decades, Fellini had played Masina characters such as a prostitute and a woman horribly abused, it seems that he may have really hated his wife and has switch to the screen. I read a little about them and their tumultuous relationship and this also seems to confirm it. This is pretty much the only aspect of this turbulent film that I found interesting. Do not say that I did not warn you!
