Despite the seriousness of the subject and probably the filmmakers' good intentions of making a film about white supremacy, the incoherence of his main character, Bronson Green, the New York-based actor, easily turned into a fake, makes it difficult to take seriously Of the history. Green, who is constantly rejected by Los Angeles casting agents because he is obsolete (that is to say, as well as New York, while the 80s are looking for big, blonde and silly), find that success comes easily when he is ready to yield to his image. Unfortunately, the new hair dye and the soothing attitude of the "surfer" give him an opportunity to play with the Jericho Church, which subscribes to the white supremacist teaching of the Aryan nation. Green is ready to easily forget his past, and especially to turn his back on his ten-year-old black friend, to be the new spokesman for the Church. This makes no sense, as our character is principled. It is this sudden and vague change of character, associated with a sudden return to the hardened and obsessed form of DeNiro (as a taxi driver character) who is able to fight the bad guys. A noble attempt against the filmmakers, but which ultimately turns out to be anything but serious. <br /> <br /> The other characters are also pretty annoying and what we have to recognize in them comes too easily - the psychotic paranoia of the head of the Church, the girlfriend actress interested (the first girlfriend that Bronson has when he is in Los Angeles), and the new blonde girlfriend whose character lacks so much development that she is, for the most part, just talking empty. We are simply supposed to see them in fleeting moments where something of chance forces us to make assumptions about the characters. But there is really little development of any of them. <br /> <br /> The other problem of this film is the impious time that the characters devote to a very small action. A good part of the beginning obviously concerns the introduction of the characters, and later we see Bronson's difficulties in entering the acting scene and the frustrations that result from constant rejection. But having changed willingly look and personality to be accepted, there are at least twenty to thirty good minutes of lost film, in which there is almost nothing. <br /> <br /> For films seeking to draw attention to the irrational fears behind racism, it was not a struggle with enough credibility.
