It is not easy to watch this film (I therefore recommend viewers to study the people who submit their arguments), but this presentation on the realities of Islam and its encouragement of violence and intolerance to Islam. against all non-Muslims lack objectivity, and also completely fails to take into account the human condition. It is one thing to document that the Qur'an says a lot about how a devout Muslim is required to interact with non-Muslims, but any realist is able to realize that all human beings who feel adept from Islam accept and abide by all the principles of this faith and this system. There are reasons to question many things about presenters, so viewers need to see the presentation with healthy skepticism; do not swallow everything, hook, line and lead, without thinking of yourself. <br /> <br /> An example, for example, is the search for the person Walid Shoebat; who claims to be a former Muslim who committed an act of terrorism in Bethlehem. There are many wise people in the world who do not believe any of these claims. I am not and have never been a Muslim. I have never read the Koran. I am neither a Christian nor a member of any faith. But I am an intelligent and insightful human. While the film is quite troubling, in its presentation of how some Muslims perceive their obligation to Islam; I remind you that Islam is not limited to the opinion of fundamentalists. Like their fundamentalists and evangelical Christians, there are also variations in the intensity of beliefs and obligations between Jews and Muslims. <br /> <br /> When you watch this movie, you have to activate the hand salt shaker. A grain will not be enough, you will need more. Please, use your own mind and think for yourself, research what is presented and evaluate the state of the world and its integration based on more than what is said in a 98-minute video. There is a common thread of political affiliation among those who assembled this film, which indicates a certain bias. Be your own brain
