I'll probably have a lot of fuss about hating this movie - I guess I did not approach it with the nostalgia of the dew-covered eyes of the generation that preceded me. But suffice it to say that St Elmo's Fire was pretty stupid, even for the Brat Pack movies. <br /> <br /> Here is another good example of the sufficient and self-indulgent neurosis that exists all that one has in the 80's (RENT, do you like it?) The plot is practically nonexistent and the philosophies are at best kitchy, poorly delivered the rest of the time. The total absence of something resembling sympathetic characters does not help the situation. There was really no growth, no progress. Even the scene of culminating suicide has been effectively neutralized by refusing once again to let in death or anything that looks like reality or adult life. <br /> <br /> Every cookie cutter just makes you hate in the blandest, most predictable way possible. The Stalker is a phenomenon for no apparent reason, apart from the fact that he is a Stalker and that Andie MacDowell is beautiful. Jackass does everything in his power to constantly remind you that he is a real idiot. The Gorgeous Slut hides deep, deep pain with a wild lifestyle. The poet is humorous and impatient during three quarters of the film until he can reveal (!) That he is in fact full of teddy bears, sun and rainbow. The Virgin finally becomes a whole human being and happy after all the Virgins have had the desire to roll in the bag with a Jackass before he really lets her change (for real this time). The unfaithful bastard cheats until it's time for him to get caught. And finally, feminists will sprinkle holy water any soul who pronounces a "commitment". <br /> <br /> Which brings me to my last ox: what bond of super-cement held these people together as friends? I can not imagine being with one of them- Now, think of the vortex created by all this narcissism centered in a bar. And they were all so terrible to each other - heads in the toilet, near the rape, and sleeping with everyone. The cherry was after two BFFs act like baboons after fucking the feminist, she's like, "uh, actually, I do not want to be with you anymore, let's be friends, and we can hang out totally indecently every day knowing that I can connect with one or the other at a given time, but none of you are satisfied enough for the engagement (NOT THIS WORD!). "And they all smile as if to say," Damn, I do not. " have never thought of it, what a good idea! " <br /> <br /> Only, it's not. It's a bit like watching this movie is not.
