This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You should not see this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time, stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters is centered on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brother and sister; to live together in the eyes of all others as a man and a wife. No sex but just about everything. From the beginning, the film begins with the following theme: "The most absurd thing at the most absurd moment, you guessed the most absurd reactions". Gray and Sam decided to visit the dog park with a borrowed dog. Rather than pushing her brother to get the first skinny woman they see for him, she does it and also asks serious questions. When she signals to her brother to approach, they begin a meeting with three. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the girl of their dreams, like all good things, etc. ?? Final Sam hits Gray on the head and the couple finishes the date with a marriage proposal! What Charlie accepts! In a week, Charlie, Gray and Sam must be in Vegas. Next week, Charlie and Gray will be shopping for wedding dresses (apparently, Charlie has an original silhouette). Gray sipped an iced coffee when Charlie suggested that Gray also try some dresses and chose a $ 10,000 dress for her. While Charlie zips her in this evening dress, Gray continues to sip her milk (I swear it was like a shopping bag). What should happen otherwise 'woops!' latte all over the dress. We never explain to them how they came out of Bloomingdale's bridal salon with a $ 10,000 mocha color dress. Back to reality' ?? Caesar's Palace Las Vegas. They have the "big playroom" (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie is an internal zoologist, where do they get all that money?) Gray sends Sam to the single room down the hall to may have a license. drink-a-thon was, you guessed it - they kiss each other. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers nada. They go to the wedding chapel and to the right when the reverend arrives at his line "If there is anyone here who has any objection whatsoever to the union of these two lovebirds" Gray gets hiccups. Gray apologizes, for whatever reason, the Reverend must repeat his last line and queuing again "hiccups". Gray returns to New York and starts going out with any man she meets, literally. And of course we've guessed it yet! Gay The other is a fool and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. He is struck with Gray but the feelings have not returned. They become great friends. That's good because she talks frankly with Sam about the kiss. He explodes and the fate of their apartment. When Sam regains his senses, he goes to his office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office is right in the middle of the twilight zone. There are cameras and microphones in all the conference rooms that broadcast on all the computer screens of the agency. Sam takes Gray to one of the conference rooms for a not-so-private conversation and ends up directing her to the entire office. This is where I doubt there is a gay or lesbian on the team: Gordy comes to her rescue and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar. "Sorry no men," said the bouncer. So Gray and Gordy come back with Gordy in a trail. Bad drag. He wore a sleeveless black satin blouse, a pearl necklace and a grandmother's church hat. No lesbian would ever confuse this "man in a dress" in drag drag queen and even less in a woman. The bar was also the fantasy of a straight man about what a lesbian bar is: lots of Victoria's Secret models. Everything goes fishing? she goes home with the client of her company. It turns out that Gray is on the woman's account and ends up doing more than kissing. For some reason, no one says anything to Charlie and she is unconscious through the entire movie of this kiss with Gray, but that's for the future.
