Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are dedicated siblings who share an apartment and love many things - ballroom dancing, 1940s musicals and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) Historically heterosexual, Gray is disconcerted by her new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters turns out to be one of the blandest movies I've ever seen. It's boring, predictable, insignificant, misinterpreted and poorly written. Nothing about it seemed real and everything was very cheesy. Also, it's not really a romantic comedy with a special touch, but rather an "outgoing" movie. Sue Kramer tried to make the first half cute with the romantic thing and the second half serious with acceptance and exit. Unfortunately, she failed miserably. The first half was largely unpleasant and only Heather Graham managed to hold her back a bit. Then the movie took on an awkward tone and became serious. The serious scenes were badly treated and all the emotions seemed to be fake. <br /> <br /> I think I would have enjoyed the movie a bit more if the relationships between the characters were more authentic. The relationship between brother and sister was very weak and they did not really seem to be so close. Their relationship did not seem very natural. In addition, the relationship between Tom and Bridget was very abnormal. If two people are getting married after only getting to know each other for less than a week, you expect to see a little more enthusiasm, but the characters are talking about getting married in Vegas the same way by asking the server what are the specials. . There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was difficult to get involved in the film with such unmotivated characters. <br /> <br /> The acting was rather weak, which was a bit surprising considering the decent distribution. Heather Graham gave the only good performance of the film. She was funny and had some lovely scenes but it's a pity that all her co-stars are failures. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and her performance was wrong at all levels. In addition, it seemed that she was reading his lines. Thomas Cavanagh was in wood and showed almost no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather was non-existent and it damaged the film because their relationship was wrong. I can usually count on Molly Shannon to be funny in a supporting role but here she was just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and she was annoying in both. Alan Cumming finally had an embarrassing character and his performance was not very good. Overall, Gray Matters is a lame film and it's not worth looking at. Rating 3/10
