I had to get out of this movie fifteen minutes from the end ... after going through the scowling stage and getting bored. What really terrifies me, I mean, really bothers me is that there are people who call this conduct without a goal of "delicious" or "must-see". I would feel a deep pity for those so distressed if not for the distinct impression that most of the positive comments on this shallow and humorless tragedy were written by industry factories. <br /> <br /> The truth is that it is a lame film. it does not do anything to entertain or enlighten. He is decidedly funny, poorly written and has all the rhythm and energy of a cold, canned rice pudding. To be kind to Mrs. Kramer, the best that can be said is that it was a missed opportunity. After reading the synopsis before watching it, I was expecting something more stimulating. The possible erroneous interpretations of sister-sister reciprocal dependence, the unexpected awakening of "fraternal" sexuality, and the comic potential of this fraternal rivalry (for the affections of the same girl) were all obvious topics for a refreshing comic exploration, but which at each turn, the film moves away with frustration. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is subjected to a sinuous series of meaningless and insipid situations, with clichéd characterizations and dark performances of a cast in struggle to believe and manifestly in. need a much narrower direction. The lack of control of management seems staggering; Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek all offer very pedestrian performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - the latter in particular - are sometimes bothersome. One could blame the director - perhaps Sue Kramer hopes that if his actors act excessively, they will cause a bigger laughter from the audience. But again, the cast is a veteran; we would expect them to do better. <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about the type of films she wants to do and to whom. Given the possible problems that Gray Matters is alluding to, and given her inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy, perhaps she should consider writing drama instead. I know it's never easy to make movies about women and their issues, especially when you're hoping to reach a wider audience than women, but regardless of the direction, inconsistent and fragile characters like Gray are not going to cut the mustard.
