To watch a movie as stupid as "Hot Rod", you have to sit down, relax and change your intellectual abilities to put it in the same state ?? which is, in this case, a sufficiently modest state to support a brainless conduct that has been confused with comedy. With a run time of 88 minutes, this movie was already well shot and hid under a pack of repetitive jokes ?? jokes that came to a minority and were not even funny in the first place. The base material of 'Hot Rod' is as superficial and unimportant as the cult success of Napoleon Dynamite in 2004, although it is much more artificial and does not cause any laughter. In fact, the movie's blatant despair of being compared to "Napoleon Dynamite" is scornful and offensive, and left me ticked off, instead of just being bored. <br /> <br /> The film, if we were forced to call It's the case of a ridiculous story that puts in front of us the self-appointed stuntman Rod Kimble, with the insignificant intention to jump 15 buses (one of more than her idol Evel Knievel jumped, so it's Rod's impending heart surgery that saves the father-in-law's lives; all this so that he can fight his father-in-law, once recovered, and earn his respect? because to gain respect, you have to fight them first. Huh? It does not matter. Each character is no more interesting than Rod's stick mustache, and from the opening joke of the film to his ridiculous conclusion, each scene has been interpreted as an absurd skit and terribly insignificant? which, with the addition of 85 extra minutes, is essentially what "Hot Rod" aspires to be. <br /> <br /> The star of the movie, Andy Samberg, has brought to the screen an effort that has remarkably exerted his latest drip of his comic abilities. Sadly ?? rather, realistically ?? his humorous talents are no more admirable than that of a five-year-old who tells his own exhausted joke that includes innocently crude poo and pee-pee gags somewhere. And if it's disappointing, pull a chair, hide your face in your hands and get ready for the real shock: it's the humor of the movie! To save them from their mortification, I would gladly omit the sinister roles of Samberg's co-stars and leave the second third of The Lonely Island's team, director Akiva Schaffer, to his non-existent director's talent ?? or an actor. Basically, all that can be done to trample on a hectic comedy is perfectly described here; and done so arrogant, as if the movie would be funnier that way. Let yourself be seduced by the fact that there is even a single laugh in this pile, or do you offer another movie ?? ANY other movie.
