Many said that Orca ?? Killer Whale is a jaw scam. This is not really true, although the huge commercial success of Jaws has undoubtedly made these men. Stories of beasts more attractive proposals for filmmakers in the second half of the 70s. Orca ?? Willer Whale would be best described as a modern Moby Dick retreading. It's a story about obsession. On the one hand, the obsessive quest for a whale to avenge the death of his companion; on the other, the bounty hunter's obsessive quest to kill the whale before it can kill any more. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale presents a very disappointing film. His fundamentally interesting ideas are somewhat spoiled by complicated representations and absurd plots. <br /> <br /> Nolan shark hunter (Richard Harris) meets marine researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling) while diving off the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting ends almost in disarray when Rachel's team is attacked by a great white shark, but a killer whale comes at the right time to stop the shark. After that, Nolan is more and more obsessed with capturing a killer whale and selling it at an aquarium. But his plans turn against him when he accidentally kills a pregnant female of the species under the look of the distraught male. Rachel tells Nolan that a killer whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a powerful memory and human-like feelings. Worse still, the native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember his grief and will do everything in his power to take revenge. Nolan first tries to forget this unfortunate incident, but the whale is wreaking havoc in the fishing town, and discontented locals are starting to ask Nolan to go to sea to find and destroy it. Finally, Nolan is forced to pursue the killer whale ?? the hunt leads to the desolate ice of the Arctic Ocean, where the man and the beast are fighting their final fatal battle against each other. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out from this film. One of them is the mesmerizing score of Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest film music composer of all time, his talents having been wasted on various trunkers during the decade in the 70s and 80s). ). The other is Ted Moore's incredible big-screen photography, which makes the movie always pleasing to the eye. In all other departments, Orca ?? Killer Whale is a bad quality film that does not reinforce the reputation of its actors and its talented team. Harris looks extremely sick all the way through the movie, his hair in battle, dark circles around his eyes and pale, dead skin. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling takes a lot of sexy poses but fails to convince with his long and uninformed explanations about the whales' way of life. The rest of the actors are spoiled by short and unexploited roles, the most memorable being that Bo Derek gets his leg bitten by the whale revenge. The plot is totally absurd from beginning to end, with sequences as absurd as the whale deliberately lights a fire in the fishing village that engulfs and destroys the local refinery! While it is credible to assume that whales are intelligent creatures with real emotions, the idea that a whale can take revenge on a single human adversary and exercise it with such calculation is utterly absurd. Orca ?? Killer Whale is really one for the finalists of the man. cycle of the beast from the late 70s. Most will come out of the movie by shaking their head in disbelief and grinding their teeth in desperation.
