This film can not be decided if its message is "humans are mean and mean and animals are sweet and blameless" or "never goes in the water". A fisherman (Nolan) wants to catch a killer whale, which is a very bad thing, but when he accidentally hits (he accidentally marks you), he hits a pregnant cow instead of his companion, the cow - and I use the word in all directions - which is obviously a sick psycho-bitch and the canonical villain of the play - throws itself against the helices trying to chew itself in pieces in the most distressing and hideous method not to mention the ineffective method of kill. (I doubt that this is his first.) When her unborn fetus aborts her self-inflicted wounds, her companion marvels and vengeances herself by swearing to hurt, kill and maim any human who even talks to Nolan. Clearly, among humans, total psychos date with other total psychos. <br /> <br /> The film feels the anti-human message half-thought: "The poor whale poor! The evil men must suffer and die!" and yet, he does not succeed in demonizing Nolan at all. It is true that his motives were selfish and cruel, but at the first cry of the first whale, his heart grew and as the film progressed he became more and more sympathetic to the whale's pain until he seems to be walking on the ice and giving himself to the whale, just to make it a little better. <br /> <br /> The last film trip, in which Nolan follows the whale in a strange journey north, reminds me of The mysterious link between the man and the whale of Melville has left a glimpse of a really interesting conclusion, where these two husbands could connect, understand each other even respect themselves in their own sorrow, because Nolan lost his wife and unborn child, victims of an accident. It is clear that Nolan respects the whale and feels its loss. However, he never goes there. The whale character has no compassion or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses its interest and becomes like that of Jaws where the sea monster kills everyone and Nolan, and undoubtedly by an oversight, fails to chomp the whale turtle (although had a good headache earlier.) I like animals, and I hate whales, and what's more, I love orca whales, but if the purpose of this movie was to make me feel the whale was the victim and the people are mean and hateful, it completely failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and feels for others. The whole whale thinks of her, it is to kill her and maim her. <br /> <br /> The only message to remember is: "If you see an orca whale, never, anywhere., run the other way because if you walk the wrong way he will pursue you to the end of the world destroying everything around you. "
