I watched this movie on Hallmark recently. In my opinion, the film started in a pretty decent way, but finally degenerated. <br /> <br /> The story: An American soldier in Afghanistan receives one of the Christmas cards that an American woman sent to the troops for Christmas. He is so inspired by the Christmas card that he feels like she has given him a glimmer of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to continue. When he is allowed to leave, he goes to the very city where the woman lives. He falls on a brave young woman and discovers that she sent the Christmas card. He meets the family and after rescuing his father (a veteran of the Vietnam War) from a car while crossing it in the street, the family decides to welcome him for a while. We learn that he has no family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas season by working with them in their forestry business. The family ends up loving him and vice versa. The soldier also becomes in love with the girl of the family - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. She already has a serious relationship with a man she is in love with. It is also a long distance relationship. The boyfriend is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and travel in France compared to forced labor and open spaces. The woman prefers the latter. In the rest of the film, there is a "love triangle" since the woman's boyfriend is back in town to visit for the season. Everyone in the family seems to want the girl to be with the soldier and the mother basically wants the best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman comes to love more and more the soldier because they have a lot in common. They spend a lot of time together. She becomes gradually attracted by her personality. Then one day he kisses her and she kisses him back. Now she is so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry her someday, but she loves the soldier so much. Soon, the boyfriend (who knows nothing about the kiss, but who is very protective of the woman and thinks that the soldier has tried to settle on her) decides to make a proposal to the woman and she agrees . Her plans for their wedding, however, are not plans she wants. She wants to be at home, have children and be close to her family. He wants to travel the world, to go to exotic places and if they have children, he wants to take them with them. It does not seem very exciting for the woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he has done and does not want to make matters worse. So he decides to leave the city, despite pressure from the father to stay with his daughter. Everything begins to happen when, during Christmas Eve service with Church, we discover that the soldier has not left yet. The boyfriend and the woman are talking to each other outside and he, heartbroken, decides to let her go and break with her. The film ends with the meeting of the woman and the soldier. <br /> <br /> What I like: I like the soldier in most of the movie. He is basically kind and polite, with a strong sense of good for others; there are times when the family goes with the church and participates in charitable causes; the family holds hands and prays during the evening meal at the table; the father and the mother have a long-lasting and obviously healthy marriage; the soldier tries to do the right thing in a situation after doing something very badly <br /> <br /> What I do not like: There is a very typical story of "love triangle" in this movie; the soldier turns vinegar as he slowly and subtly approaches the woman and ends up kissing her when she already has a boyfriend; most family members practically applaud this behavior - the family accompanies the church and participates in services, but that is how it works; there is a bad language <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I became disappointed when the film worked, and it got worse. I ended up moving quickly to the end of the film because I had enough. So the film started well with some precious moments, but ended up ruining itself. Therefore, I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
