Orca begins with Irish captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his crew trying to capture a great white shark for sale at great prices, unfortunately when an infamous marine biologist named Ken (Robert Carradine) is attacked by the shark is killed by a killer whale, this attracts Nolan's interest in killer whales and decides that he wants to catch one of them instead. However, while trying to do so, he catches a pregnant woman and injures her to the extent that she aborts her unborn fetus on the deck, which makes her a mess and enrages her partner, Nolan orders that the whale be rejected at the sea, which happens. The Whale killer is annoyed to say the least and kills one of Nolan's crew members before reaching the mainland of Newfoundland, Canada. Once he has conducted a series of attacks on the city, it is an attempt to attract Nolan. at sea for a fight to death ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson, I found this terrible flagrant scam, I'm sorry but I thought it was just ridiculous and even boring. at a modest 90 minutes. The scenario of producer Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati is so stupid that I am lost for words, the fact that he seems to take himself very seriously does not help & if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling continue to say how much the Killer Whale are smart again, I'm going to scream. I'm sorry, but I just do not think that a killer whale is smart enough to know who owns a particular boat and how to sink it, I do not think a killer whale can cause a huge explosion, especially by hitting an oil lantern. of a wall on the opposite side, it strikes because it is impossible to know if it was there, I do not believe that a killer whale can identify someone's house, knows that someone is at the Inside and destroying it on purpose, I do not believe A killer whale can move icebergs to trap a boat, I do not believe that killer whales physically recognize people and I do not believe he has an instinct for revenge or at least as powerful that this silent film lets it predict. Maybe I'm a bit harsh, I mean it's just a movie after all but it's a movie that's trying to be serious and things are so ridiculous that I almost expected Killer Whale writes a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan and his hand (or should it be over?) Do it, the thing seemed smart enough to do just about anything. They should have asked him to find a cure for colds! Seriously, it's a statement that is no more far-fetched than anything else in this movie. I found the movie very boring, totally boring and with awful characters, with no presence on the screen. It goes without saying that this is a Jaws scam (1975) that is not even close to Spielberg's classic. <br /> <br /> The director Anderson is not a Spielberg, that's for sure, this nauseating film has absolutely no suspense, fear, tension or atmosphere at all. All scenes of attack are as boring as dishwashing and totally forgettable, they are not built and do not yield anything, because Orca does not eat a single person. Then there are the scenes that literally made me laugh, the Killer Whale's plans seeming to be crying are pure comedy and the opening scenes of the two Killer Whales that I suspect have tried to show them as a "loving" couple and "attentive" but I could not. Do not help but think it's the closest we can get to Killer Whale porn, hilarious stuff. The images of the killer whales themselves are bland and boring, instead of images that match and enhance the surrounding scenes, they look like foggy wildlife documentary images that have nothing to do with anything else. Do you feel like I do not like this movie? Well. Forget the bloody or decent deaths, there's a brief scene where Bo Derek gets his legs bitten but blinks and you'll miss him. <br /> <br /> It probably had a pretty big budget and it still sucks, there's nothing special about Orca, I guess it's well done, but flat, bland and totally forgettable. Cinematography is nice enough though. The acting is bad, Rampling is awful and the Irish accent of the late Harris is embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Orca is a stupid Jaws scam that completely ignores or spoils everything that made Spielberg's movie so good, it's one for bad movie fans everywhere. This is really not recommended but not as serious as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
