THE FBI STORY (1959) is a 149-minute epic tribute from Warner Bros to the world-famous criminal investigation agency! According to a book by Don Whitehead, Richard L. Green and John Twist wrote a rather laborious scenario. Mervyn LeRoy did it with a minimum of flair. However, he had a beautiful Joseph Biroc color and a useful score from the musical magician of the Max Steiner studio! <br /> <br /> The film traces the history of the Bureau from its humble beginnings in the twenties to the present day and its Hardesty Chip (James Stewart) tells his investigative experiences - in flashback - to a class of young people budding agents. But everything is very long and episodic! And as it evolves, it begins to look like a television mini-series and not a major film production, while the young Hardesty directs the US criminal lineup against such notorious criminal figures as "Baby Face" Nelson , My Barker, Dillinger, etc. harmful organizations like the Ku Klux Klan, the Nazi spy networks and the Red Threat. And here, it must be said that it is only thanks to the presence on the screen and the call of his star, THE FBI STORY that it would probably have ended in a forgotten disaster. In addition, this is another problem with the photo: Stewart remains the whole movie almost alone! With the exception of Vera Miles - who has the thankless role of being his wife who has been suffering for a long time but is a devoted woman - she is surrounded by a group of minor players! You almost always expect people like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or even Raymond Burr to make a welcome entry as a gangster, police chief or whatever. But nothing as imaginative as it happens! Pity! <br /> <br /> The film succeeds however to well watch the functioning of the Office! With the help of Stewart's storytelling, we discover thousands of men and women working for the organization, including hundreds of field agents. We also had the opportunity to take a look inside the headquarters, which houses the huge archives section, and we also have a glimpse of chemists and fingerprint experts who do their daily chores. <br /> <br /> Another benefit for the movie is Max. The remarkable score of Steiner! Above the titles, you will hear a powerful, catchy and determined march, while for the sweetest moments of the photo, an attractive theme for love. But the theme of the threatening and threatening march of the Ku Klux Klan sequence is quite ingenious. And best of all, it's the Latin American rhythmic music that the composer has written for South American scenes, especially the exciting Fandango, such as orchestrations for the arrival of the federal troops on horseback. THE FBI STORY is one of five scores written by the composer in 1959 and includes Samuel Bronston's naval epic "John Paul Jones", the charming rom-com "Cash McCall", the majestic western of Delmer Daves " The Hanging Tree "and Daves" "Summer Place" is at the origin of the theme Young Love - which would become a hit song for Steiner, better known as "Theme of a Summer Place". /> <br /> The story of the FBI goes pretty much like a movie thanks to Biroc's rich color cinematography, Steiner's wonderful music and of course Jimmie Stewart making everything visible! /> <br /> Classic but unlikely line of THE FBI STORY ............. Nick Adams (who has just blown up a plane with 43 people on board, including his mother) is threatened, he is handcuffed and turns to the arresting officer and says, "If I get a courier, you can send him to Canyon City jail for next month or so - after that you can send it to hell ". Wow!
