It's a fascinating movie, especially for film buffs and historians (I am both). Unfortunately, during the first half of the twentieth century, black Americans are generally not admitted to white theaters. As a result, the theaters intended for black audiences wanted to show films reflecting the black experience and showing black actors. In many cases, the films were essentially similar to those in Hollywood, but with a much smaller budget - and generally horrible production values. You really can not blame the filmmakers - they just did not have the money and resources available to the average production company. As a result, they had to pay a lot less - including excessive reliance on stock-action actors seen over and over again, no money to re-shoot scenes and a need to make movies fast! This film did its best to be a black version of a Gene Autry movie, with Herb Jeffries instead. Jeffries was a pale skinned man of mixed ancestry and he played in several similar cowboy movies. In each, he sings a little, fights a little (though very badly) and likes a little - everything you need from a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is ALWAYS alive at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general plot was indistinguishable from a photo of Autry - supplemented with anachronistic items such as phones in the West! The problem is that, despite its similarities, the low budget is visible. Stymie (from the Li'l Rascals) swept a few lines, but they just left it in, the fight scenes were totally non-choreographed and were among the worst in the movie, there were some weird weird holes, there was no background music (leaving the film strangely silent) and the acting was rather awful. <br /> <br /> Now, that does NOT mean the film is not worth watching - it comes down to technical problems that prevent it from being noted above. Strangely, a critic has scored this film at 10! How can this be with all the problems is beyond me. However, I can understand a person who loves the movie despite its many problems. The plot is generally pretty good, the characters are nice, the numbers are great and you know that the movie's writers have made a lot of effort AND that it's a very important part of American history. But a 10! <br /> <br /> By the way, Jefferies, very tall, skinny and almost white skin, is associated with a short, stocky and exceptionally dark, like his brother !! In addition, Spencer Williams may be familiar to you. He played Andy on TV "Amos' n Andy".
