Some excerpts from this 4-part documentary suggest the need for reform of the recreational drug legislation, but they are not well developed, in contrast to the many excerpts from those who believe that currently illegal drugs are a scourge for which the only imaginable solution is the incarceration of people, even guilty of possession of such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program, as a whole, gives the viewer the impression that the war on drugs is largely a futile exercise and a waste of money, and for that it deserves some praise. Almost nothing in this documentary solves the very real problems that the total war against those who own only illegal drugs causes and obviously contributes to the drug warriors themselves would tell you, if they are asked, they think that the war on drugs is designed to solve. For example, while many minutes are devoted to the outbreak of violence associated with the growing popularity of crack in the 1980s, this program does not even suggest that the very laws to crack crack are such that it is impossible drug vendors enforce their contracts and business arrangements in court, forcing them to use violence to stay in business. But instead of viewing the laws as an important cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to bear the brunt of the blame. Inexplicably, this program totally ignores the prohibition of alcohol, the ensuing violence and its overthrow. <br /> <br /> This program will help perpetuate the ridiculous stereotypes of drug users. the main force in the conduct of the war against drugs very expensive and very problematic. The possibility of incorporating drugs other than alcohol into a happy and successful life is not really mentioned. The use of an excess drug is likely to cause personal problems, but not all consumers consume excess drugs, just as not all alcohol users are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want a point of view from someone who believes that adults have the moral right not to be incarcerated and that their lives are ruined by the criminal justice system simply for consuming drugs that the government has decided for very arbitrary political reasons rather than for reasons based on a sound social policy and on legitimate scientific data to totally ban users whose he decided not to war metaphorically the war, it is enough to forget it. None of this is here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this does not fall into the category of anti-drug propaganda. This is primarily an interesting story of drugs presented in a neutral manner in the United States in the 20th century, such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. However, the views of various people on drug law hold an important place, and most (but not all) are not very thoughtful or knowledgeable and are in favor of the anti-drug warrior mentality, especially with regard to drugs. other than marijuana. <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system, as well as its often very heavy sentences, is obviously not the only solution or the most appropriate solution to every social problem, but unfortunately, there is an epidemic in this country . still unknown disease whose main symptoms are a lack of imagination in terms of social policy concerning certain drugs, a lack of compassion for humans, a prejudice against people who use drugs that are not approved by the government , perhaps an interest in the growth of the prison / police sector and a horrible apathy for human dignity. It is morally wrong to remove or incarcerate people unless you have a very good reason to do so, and the mere possession of an arbitrarily chosen group of drugs is clearly not such a reason. This is really the main problem with drugs, but this program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So, in a nutshell, the parts of this program that present the story in a neutral way without nurturing the stereotypes of drug addicts The mentality of the war on drugs is pretty good, interesting and entertaining. But when it comes to presenting a rational and non-radical viewpoint on drug policy and giving the viewer examples not only of people struggling with drug problems, but also of the many who successfully incorporate the drug into a happy and successful life is quite disappointing. .
