For years, Madonna tried to prove to herself and the general public that she could do something. Unfortunately, trying too hard not to lose your personality does not mix well. <br /> <br /> She seems to be doing better when she's NOT the star of all the movies: if you watch her supporting performances in DESPERATELY SEEKING SUSAN (1985) or A LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN ( 1992), it seems to look good indeed. Since the story revolves around other actors, the weight of the wait is removed by default. <br /> <br /> The problem starts when you ask him to be the star of a movie, whatever his genre. As a central part of an intrigue that needs to be told visually, whether it's good, mediocre or just awful, it has to adopt an attitude that resembles a real cinematic performance, as opposed to a video performance. This is the crucial difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the film should fail (because the visual storytelling lacked a certain efficiency so that we could relate it, or because the scenario was missing, or because the actress in herself was not at its moment), there would be an additional element in their performances that would make the movie a complete bomb. Davis and Streep both had their share: Bette, having a career longer than Streep, in such titles as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there was this naturalism in the way the two attacked their roles, which made us forget the banality of the film and watch the performance. <br /> <br /> Madonna, however, not being a particularly talented actress and able to let us talk about her ability to convey a personality other than hers, is much worse, and even in the hands of someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992), an inferior classic, she seems scalded and a little stiff, maybe even nervous, as if she was aware of the cameras and the team and just could not to let go. <br /> <br /> Here she is again trying to prove that she can act in this essentially a film of two characters. Guy Ritchie, best known for his action-packed action movies, seems to be adrift and tells a story closer to Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who could tell the story of two people with incredible ease . And at 89 minutes, the events unfold are so unconvincing that when the last half hour comes and the story takes a dramatic turn, it does not seem sincere. Either an absolute witch with no redemptive value, or a thunderbolt, this must be the least convincing turning point since Laura de Fay Dunaway discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in THE EYES OF LAURA MARS (1978). Likewise, Adriano Giannini does not seem convincing about the bad turn in the middle of the film - he lacks humor and feels truly psychopathic - and when he yields to Madonna's love, he is too fast to believe it. The filming in slow music and a visual montage of love and beautiful landscapes adds nothing to this "transformation", which would have gone from a story of survival between unfathomable characters to a love story where both discover themselves. <Br /> <br /> Trying to have an unsatisfactory end also works against the film - it just dragged it along, and when Madonna needs to be filmed, she goes from hope to devastation in a close-up feel that she is trying too hard. Many actresses have done so much by doing so little. His is a performance more suited to the styles of play of the late 20s or early 30s, where the posture was offset by a role or emotion. <br /> <br /> Could the film have been better? Of course. There are a multitude of ways to film it in such a way that the viewer feels that they might at least hope to see each other again - this has already been done, for example in OVERBOARD (1987). It could have had an existential connotation in which two very different people have to rely on each other but do not have to change (to ensure a moral tone). Many useless dialogues and erotic scenes could have been spared for a more "silent" movie look - as in PERSONA (1966). It might have been like a thriller, provided that Giannini's character had a series of contempt similar to that of Billy Zane in DEAD CALM (1989). Even though it would have been done as a sex joke, it would have worked better for Madonna as a maniac for extreme control and super-control getting her happiness. But with his petty humor, without at least hinting that his character has a softer side hiding behind a slut mask, and without really defining Giannini's own character, it becomes another failure to try to look like battle of the sexes.
