I almost saw it in a movie theater (an art-house room, no less!), But I did not get it during the whole broadcast week, but yesterday I finally saw it on the cable and ... well ... I was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna did it again: STILL ANOTHER BOMB! When will this woman learn? When will studios learn? (Or maybe they've done it already, since this movie has been largely drained of all its spotlight, with little fanfare and deadly word-of-mouth.) One would have hoped that the realization of her talented husband , who created an interesting and / or terribly entertaining work, the same quality as Madonna showed in "Desperately Seeking Susan"; alas, it's just not supposed to be, because it is at its worst: singularly convinced of its own greatness, the bliss that permeates every image in which it is, made even more unbearable by its accent falsely British, accent that only emphasizes the fact that his voice is immature in quality and not particularly pleasant. It may seem crudely unnecessary, but LISTEN to the woman and watch her films from the last decade, for example: like Bette Davis nowadays, there is an undeniable fragility not only in her carriage, but also in her face and body, who, despite the warm photograph displayed throughout the film (perhaps his only saving advantage), have no favor. To his credit, the case is so poorly organized that one wonders if the greatest actress in the world, which is his best day, could do anything with this mess. Bruce Greenwood seems really sorry to be on screen, although poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to behave as if she was really in something good, which made me think all the time: "Denial is not fair a river in Egypt! " Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, star of the original Italian "Swept Away ...", is, like his father before him, extremely attractive and not so bad (although he won a nomination to Razzie for "Worst Actor"), but like most of the rest of this production, everything goes to Madonna, whose shoulders are to blame. Why she? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Who do you think was behind this remake? Which actress would not want almost every shot of a movie to be centered on her, with only one parent, no one sharing the screen? Of course, Ritchie deserves a fault: surely he - or someone - WHO! - should have, and could have, take his lead on the side and insist on something close to REAL FEELING's real reading (because his performance is so much wood that it's a surprise that the rest of the cast doesn did not have bursts), or at least show some semblance of warmth ... but she seems to resist being anything other than a cinematic black hole. Beyond anything else, it is strictly a vanity project for her star, so she is ultimately responsible. A film like this, a "strange couple", the class war, should be light and fun, with leads that can be reborn with a spiritual dialogue, even romantic, for what else a film whose plot involves two disparate people stranded, really being? Honestly, I do not think the people involved know exactly the tone they want; it does not succeed either as a comedy (I challenge you to laugh even once) or as a novel (Madonna's ice princess routine rules out ALL chemistry). It's not even serious enough for us, bad film fans. Too bad ...
