Unless I'm mistaken, I rented A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 several years ago and there was a video clip. I'm pretty sure it's called Dream Warriors, at the end, and I rented this one on DVD hoping that the video would be there because it was one of the funniest things that I have never seen It's amazing how much the 80s stuff is so funny now, but nothing is funnier than the 80's rap videos. After the credits, there was this rap band singing the song Dream Warriors on the VHS version of this movie, and they all wore denim jackets without a shirt and fitted denim shorts all frayed like Daisy Dukes. I can not imagine what could make a rap group more stupid. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) In any case, I was disappointed to look for this video on the DVD version, so I only had this mediocre slice of the Freddy Krueger series. The film begins with the same idea as in Part 2, the main character witnessing all kinds of horrible murders, then coming out of a trance and ending up with bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about Nancy Thompson's infamous house, then goes to the bathroom, the sink handles turn into Freddy's hands and attack her, then she wakes up standing in his bathroom after having split his own wrists. From there, the film becomes the usual payment of the psychiatric hospital. <br /> <br /> `` Larry '' Fishburne, tired of always playing the villain in his roles, was happy to take on the role in this film as a neat, stern but accommodating kind boy when patients want to bend. the rules a bit. Unsurprisingly, it is turning giant leap the best performance of the film. Arquette later became an accomplished actress, but she had not perfected her actress skills when she played in this film. The characters in the film are mostly all patients of the psychiatric hospital in which Kristen is placed after cutting her wrists. All are cynical and uncooperative, hardly anyone believes they really have their place there. Finally, they realize and are able to convince the staff that they all dream of the same man and that it's not just a kind of group hysteria. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp returned to her acclaimed role as Nancy Thompson, this time became a dream seeker after her childhood experiences with Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, she is able to quickly understand the hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients, since she had known exactly what they were going through. There are some interesting murders in this episode, and the technology used for special effects has made a huge leap. There's a gigantic worm-like Freddy trying to swallow Kristen in full, there's a scene where a TV turns into Freddy and with mechanical arms he takes one of the patients out there for some entertainment at the end of the evening and punished her for sitting too close on the television, but there is also an unconvincing scene of go-motion where some guys fight over the skeleton of Freddy Krueger, who rots in the trunk of a car in a break. And one of the most moaning scenes is when Freddy attacks one of the patients in his dream (the famous sleepwalking), tearing his muscles and tendons from his arms and legs and guiding him like a puppet. Ouch. <br /> <br /> We discover Freddy's past in this episode. Not only do we meet his mother, but we also discover the circumstances that led Freddy to have more than 100 maniacs. In fighting Freddy, patients come together and, in their dreams, use their special powers (which mostly reflect their real-life deficiencies) to fight it. A student, attached to a wheelchair, is able to walk in his dreams, another has the hilarious powers of what he calls the "Wizard Master", another is "beautiful and mean" (she has a lot of makeup, her hair is erect) a Mohawk at the foot, and she has knives). Intelligent, but the film wobbles when he has only one patient, the one who can not speak, has no power in his dreams until the climax of the film, when he suddenly realizes that he can speak in his dreams (at just the right time to save the day). His dream power was a bit too obvious to have been left out for so long, but collectively, you now see why the movie was subtitled Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is not a totally weak entry into the series. The acting is rather mediocre, but it's actually pretty good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne greatly eclipses the rest of the cast, showing great acting talent at the very beginning of his career, and the movie is not just a throwback from the first two ?? a problem that plagues Friday the 13th at the movies much more than Elm Street movies. The characters are never developed enough to allow for the subsequent creation of much tension, which is why most of the dead seem more creative ways of killing someone in a horror movie than the tragic loss of life of a man. characters we came to know and root their victory over evil. But again, few horror movies take the time to truly develop their characters to the point of letting go of your defeated hands when they are killed, or at the edge of your seat as they run for their lives. But it is important to note that the few horror movies that actually do are almost always the best ??
