I wondered why I did not love Peggy Sue any more than I got married when she came out in 1986, with all the hype. In one way or another, I found Nic Cage's character repulsive. Very confusing. Then the plot did not seem to make sense. Then, at the end of the credits, the question came to my mind: what was the purpose of this film? What was he saying? The answer, unfortunately, was not great, if anything. I really do not think this film is intended to make a statement. unless it's "your life is your life, you'll make the same mistakes no matter the circumstances, so keep your eye on the donut and not the hole". This is not a very deep statement, and I'm sorry, not deeply done in this movie. The writing is just not so good. The direction is uneven and sometimes strangely exaggerated. Kathleen Turner was the best and, in my opinion, was nothing interesting in this movie. She performed a miracle, creating an entire character despite bizarre and unexplained circumstances, with a scenario that has no apparent statement to make. <br /> <br /> She also finally figured out for me the main reason why I did not enjoy this movie anymore. In her autobiography, she declares that Cage was determined to fight against his uncle Coppola's direction at every step, by doing it "in his own way" (which is not a good idea for a new actor) and by putting a clumsy voice she called "stupid". His voice was annoying, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was hateful and domineering as a young man, I understand what he was trying to do: play a "hot guy" of the young man who is not as hot he thinks, establishing his own karma for a future failure.But he goes to sea, his way is abrasive, not effective, and if he had listened to his uncle instead of "fighting man" we would have had a more enjoyable movie, Cage slips a bit with his hateful voice style into the movie and sometimes sounds like a real person, and those scenes are more watchable than others, but if I had to watch the movie in his I might be forced to pay someone in Latin America to pour a bucket of water on his head during some of his most affected scenes. <br /> <br /> The film is not intended not a statement, say nothing, is nice to watch, except when Cage makes an impression of mente Elvis (but not voice), and finally, confusing and a waste of time. Given all this, Kathleen Turner surely deserved an Oscar in this clutter film. I can not recommend anyone to spend two hours watching this, unless you like Turner and you have a remote control to choose all his scenes. Believe me, you will not miss the plot by skipping the other scenes, and that will make just as much sense. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner is much criticized by critics for her comments in Cage, which proves she is strong enough to be honest and damn other people's comments. You go, Turner! I'm not particularly fond of this actress, any more than any other major actor or actress, but her franchise is refreshing. The Cage game can be annoying, but here it does not work. At least, in this film, we now know why.
