NIGHT EVELYN IS OUT OF THE TOMB (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). <br /> <br /> I only watched this crazy piece of Euro-tosh in the manner of Alpha Video Video Transfer's terrible DVD release), but from what I saw , not interesting enough to buy the recent DVD of No Shame. Given their excellent track record, this will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous versions. And do not pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here, it is not extracted from this movie (a girl holding the head of a Jim Carrey look-alike). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti western superstar Anthony Steffen is hip-combed and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man haunted by the memory of his late wife, Evelyn. This causes a nervous breakdown that keeps him in a psychiatric clinic. Once released, Cunningham channeled this trauma by taking red-haired prostitutes to his country castle, subjecting them to perverse torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (what do you mean, Italian horror names sound "makeup?"), Advises him to forget the past and remarry but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even arranges a session at castle. Finally, after killing other girls, he meets Gladys, another redhead, and marries him almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife triggers a series of sinister events. Bloodthirsty creatures hit Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Becoming more distraught, Cunningham visits Evelyn's grave and discovers that it is empty. Soon, many "strangers" begin to suspect that something fishy is happening in the castle and Lord Cunningham's treatment may not have been so successful. <br /> <br /> The director Emilio Miraglia tries to melt the gothic horror with Giallo conventions with limited success. As usual, no effort has been made to convince the public that the film is happening in England. The cars drive on the right side of the road, everyone looks very Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is clearly Italian. This is a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they go a little too far. The bad impression made it even slightly bearable, because it is so dark that you can not see much of the surroundings anyway. But, again, this is the kind of film where anything can happen in the name of exploitation and the reality is not really the problem. Much of it consists of sadomasochistic torture scenes in the castle chamber, but Anthony Steffen makes his way through this scene and shows a horrible outbidding. I guess it depends on your state of mind and it can be fun nonsense if you're in a good mood. I just could not stand it, at least not with the imprint I was looking at. A nice score of Bruno Nicolai that combines easy listening tunes with psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
