Alan (Anthony Steffen), multimillionaire English struggling with some nastiness (thanks to the infidelity of his first wife and his untimely death during childbirth), seduces the sexy and red women of his castle by offering lots of money to stay on weekends. . Once back to his ancestral pile, he retrieves them, knocks them with a whip, and then kills them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets the blonde hottie Gladys (Marina Malfatti), he falls in love with her. many charms, he decides to give up his deadly methods and get married. Their marital happiness is short-lived, however, because of Alan's uncertain mental state, which becomes more and more fragile when his deceased wife, Evelyn, begins to appear through her window and a series of gruesome murders occur. produced in the castle grounds. <br /> <br /> So let's recap: a European horror of the 70s with tons of tasty women in various undressing states; spooky Gothic retreats and misty cemeteries; a sadistic and rich psychopath with a penchant for gorgeous girls with crisp bodies; several vicious killings (including a very big case where a victim's head is hit with a rock and his bowels devoured by foxes). Normally, a checklist like this guaranteed me a good time, so why did I find "The night, Evelyn came out of her grave" so boring? Well, to begin with, the plot is far too complicated: there are red herrings, crazy developments, and many suspects, and everything gets a little too much. By the ridiculous end in which we discover that throughout, several people have plotted to get their greedy paws on Alan's wealth, and that our job as a red-haired murderer is supposed to be the hero of the movie? My head was hurting me too much! Secondly, Emilio Maraglia's management is rather gloomy. Elegant, yes; but as slow as molasses sometimes. <br /> <br /> And then there are the pieces that are just too stupid, maybe even for a giallo: poisonous snake bite death (surely one of the most bizarre weapon choices) already); Alan's aunt Agatha, a crippled old relative played by a pretty young woman; hiring a group of identical curly-headed blondes as maids; the poor attempt to convince the public that the film is happening in England (mentioning the "kilos" and engaging a rotten police uniform for one of the extras is not enough); and then, of course, it's impossible to find a bag of sulfuric acid next to a pool ... <br /> <br /> "The night Evelyn came out of her grave" is not a total waste of time (how could it be so, with so much feminine flesh?), but there is much better giallo. Look at this one if you're a fan of the genre and you've already seen the best - but do not wait too long.
