Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a nutjob (seen early in the process of escaping from a lunatic asylum); his castle succumbs slowly in ruins. dude, with these red locks. This crazy is quite rich and his status of single can be quite attractive. However, he is overwhelmed by his obsession with the memory of his late wife (especially his adultery ... he saw her naked with her lover). While the memory of Evelyn devours most of her life, Alan does his best to find true love and believes in having it with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the nude movie ... it's probably her only attribute, very good actress), who agrees to marry her after a very short court which should probably raise the flags right away {there is a key moment of dialogue where she knows exactly what she is worth}. <br /> <br /> The only person Alan can confide in is his doctor at the hospital, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this movie that revolve around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be a very good friend who often provides him with victims. I mean dates, while still hoping to get his lord's estate one day. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, witnesses Alan's massacre and, instead of turning him into a policeman, squeezes him for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C. Davis), in a wheelchair, lives in the castle grounds and is often seen poking behind cracked doors. We discover later that she has a love affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> All that is described above concerns the rest of the story that shows what seems to be the ghost of Evelyn haunting Alan, someone kills family members of actors who revolves around Alan, and Evelyn's body is indeed absent. <br /> <br /> The ultimate question is who is committing the crimes after the marriage of Alan and Gladys, where is the body of Evelyn and Alan. to go on the edge? I have to be honest and say that this movie did not really matter to me. It's very uneven and the pace is everywhere. It looks great on the new DVD and the "Get out of the grave" sequence is cool, but what really hurts the film in my mind is that the whole cast is inimitable. You really have trouble taking care of Alan because he is a psychotic who skates on thin ice to preserve his sanity. It can be quite volatile. Whoever commits the crime is not really such a surprise, because after the assassination of several key figures, there are few choices that could commit it. What happens to Alan does not really hurt your throat because you can argue that he is just getting what he deserves. As I have already pointed out, those who are behind the film with respect to Alan, are not so shocking, because if you are a little aware of certain circumstances (or benefits they might have) it would be beneficial to them. collapse of Alan's mental health, so everything is happening less than stellar. I thought the editing was jerky and uninspiring, but the acting is really below average. Some stylistics help and there is a snort of the Gothic atmosphere in the cemetery sequences to help him.
