This film is just another distortion, among many distortions, on the so-called "sins of consumerism". Please note that "Reverend Billy", actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the "sins of consumerism". We may want to ask questions such as: What does Reverend Billy do in life? How does he make his money? Does he make a living with his "tax-deductible" organization? How does Internal Revenue justify this as a "tax-deductible" church or organization? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas is marketed, but it gives a day on a year when people have the opportunity to be charitable and allows a large number of people to spend time with their family , their friends, or extended families. Everyone is not charitable. Not everyone spends time with family, friends, or extended family. But holidays and vacation time give people that chance and opportunity. Yes, the United States has more than its share of problems - but with perseverance, the Americans have always overcome great difficulties. And even in times of conflict, America has turned out to be the largest country in the world. This happens when Americans unite and unite rather than separate and divide. Yes, there are problems with companies and monopolies, but the Americans will have to bring back the small businesses, as well as the ethics needed to responsibly take care of people living in our communities. Yes, globalization has brought us a lot of problems, but the Americans will have to bring their production back to America. Americans and the US government must learn to keep a budget, no matter how big, and we need to end our dependence on credit. Our excessive use of credit will make us poor, from cradle to grave, and keep us. It is important to buy - but if we buy less, we will rely less on credit. And, if we are able to save even a small amount of money, we will have money for a rainy day. Not to say that as Americans, we will gain an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and has never been guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans hold most of America's wealth. There is a good closeness that you and I can reach the level of the upper middle class. And, who knows what can happen from there?!? Be positive, work hard - and, at the very least, we will be able to reach at least some (if not all) of our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have something to achieve. And if you or I do not have dreams, we might as well be dead. In America, there is always room for many hopes and dreams. As individuals, we are part of the group, but we can always become the leader of the group. <br /> <br /> The experience of churches and religion has always been to create additional distortions. pay dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But, with regard to the distortions expressed, in this film, I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I rank this movie with a 1 in 10 - but, in all honesty and truth, this movie deserves a zero. This movie has no integrity and I can not recommend it.
