What happened? These are the first words that come to mind after the end of this horrible film for the first and last time on the screen of my computer. Nightmare on Elm St. was obviously in free fall after the first classic cult movie, but I doubt that anyone expected this horrible aberration. Nobody expected this cosmic joke of a movie, and no one is upset anymore than me. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst ANOES movie of this lot. It does not seem too bad at first, with a really scary intro and a rather elongated shower scene featuring Alice. But then we hit the bottom right at the beginning with a bad action and a sequence of confused events. I mean, of course, Freddy's films are supposed to be dreamlike and terrifying, but this one is like a train wreck in its mediocre sequence of events and its appalling storyline. It's like you're having a terrible migraine, not like you're getting scared. So, management totally fails. There is neither the suspense nor the elaborate horror of the preceding sequences, and even the scenes of death are mostly crass and stupid (death by food in particular), with the exception of this cool scene designed like a battle of comics. This is why this film marks a point. <br /> <br /> The story ... lame, lame, lame, BLADE. It was an excuse to insult people and make the MPAA crazy, and nothing else. <br /> <br /> The acting role ... should I mention how Freddy was turned into a childlike clown character, looking like a boogey-man? How did his rebirth scene make him look like a monster from a 7-year-old horror book instead of the nightmare and nightmarish dream killer we've all known and hated since the first movie? That trembling arm and a stupid laugh as he appeared again ... ugh. And his linings too. Throughout the film, they are nil. Wrong. A primary school student might come up with something more fun than Freddy's vomit during the 90 minutes of the movie. Damn, a chimpanzee could invent far more funny sentences than Freddy was told to say here. Who wrote the script for that? This film is also very irritating. It seems so useless. Like a gnat buzzing around your head, a gnat that does NOT want to leave. Freddy is just a nuisance now. We have seen it so many times before. This one has nothing different, and most of the time, you just want it to take its awful one-liners and leave the screen of your TV. Alice, instead of the thoughtful and calm daughter of the last film, seems boring and superficial, and this is obviously due to the horrible and horrible scenario that this film was equipped with. Lisa Wilcox is perhaps an excellent actor, and sometimes it shines through the cracks, but she can not save this movie. The other actors are really nil. <br /> <br /> The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this film are terrible and embarrassing. I hope Englund was ashamed of that. Who wants to see Freddy running like a mutant gorilla, limbs lying, laughing like a nasty cartoonist? This film destroyed everything I felt positive for the Nightmare series. I can never look at them again without this image crossing my head; from the mutilated cartoon abomination that Krueger has become. He was slowly becoming an icon of delayed and jubilant pop culture, but it is the lowest among the lowest. It's the bottom. After seeing this film, no one will take Freddy Krueger more seriously. He's just a joke, a long-awaited clown for retirement. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> Of all the movies I could hate, why did it have to be Nightmare on Elm St, a series that once so loved and loved? The Dream Child represents the death of a legend and the destruction of all hope that I had in the series Nightmare on Elm St .. Freddy will continue his descent to the rank of clown in the next episode, Freddy's Dead (more entertaining than this is not really so), then he unleashed the mood in Freddy VS Jason and eventually he would throw in nothing, which is for the best. <br /> <br /> I know this explains why Freddy is afraid now, but this film is globally horrible and one of the worst films ever made. Not recommended for anyone, and even ANOES complétionnistes will not want to see it anymore.
