It's shit ... total shit. I can not believe that a company can even get people to work on a film like this. Full Moon offers a number of horrible movies, but it must be the worst. First, the plot does not exist. It's strange. It's as if they had taken an idea of ​​the story and never really developed it. They seemed to have lost a lot of time filming outside, while the two "heroes" were circulating in the desert, and Bradbury was chatting for a quarter of an hour. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy were driving, and when Dez and Bradbury were driving) where it went on and on ... it was almost like 2 video clips to where it should have been a dialogue or an action. They just drove for about 5 minutes, with nothing but music and shots of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> Then we come to the acting game, which is simply horrible. First of all, the girl who plays Dazzy is just a beast. She looks so scary that I wanted to look away when she was on the screen! Horrible casting. Then you have the guy who played Dez, who could not act if his life depended on it. Her "crying" is actually fun and her crazy antics are even more funny. The guy who plays the role of receptionist at the hotel is just as bad as the guy who plays the role of Bradbury. In this film, no film deserves to be recognized. <br /> <br /> Makeup effects ... hmmm, can anyone say it's pathetic? The "effects" were so false that they were laughable. The little crazy robot looking for caterpillar catches someone, cutting him and when he comes back, the guy has a completely wrong flesh wound. Pleasant. Have they run out of money on makeup budget or what ?! I must say that the drugged chick who is in a girl's apartment ... pretty makeup there too. I think they were going to have a drugged look, and I think she was supposed to have a black guy, but it looked more like cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is simply horrible from the beginning. The story is stupid and very, very original, the direction seems to have been interpreted by a boy of 10 years, the acting is the lowest of the low, and so on. Stay away from this movie at all costs. Initially, it lasts only 70 minutes, and at least 20 minutes are occupied by the music and the lack of dialogue or by the character sitting in the hotel. Do not waste your time on this trash.
