Fragmented, but half-performed, and infuriatingly fragmented character study, examining different personalities of two roommates: a talented but undisciplined basketball player and a pot-smoking smoker. We never learned why these young men are friends. They may share some confusion about the world and their place, but they do not seem to have anything in common. Jack Nicholson, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Jeremy Larner from Larner's book, debuts as a director. He does not show us the characters clearly or structure the scenes to help us identify ourselves. on the screen. There is very good performance here (especially from newcomer William Tepper in the central role), but most of the picture is informed (perhaps intentionally), fragmentary or uncertain. Bruce Dern plays the basketball coach, Karen Black is the old and married woman with whom Tepper has an affair, and Michael Margotta is Tepper's lost friend (in a disconcerting and exciting performance). Nicholson fails to configure the sequences with a particular flavor, preferring (I suppose) letting the characters interact to dominate the tone of the movie; his scenario is of no help either and therefore it is difficult to know who we are supposed to sympathize with. Small random moments work (a brawl in a supermarket between Tepper and Black, Dern visiting Tepper in his dorm, all the scenes taking place on the court), but the entire third act of the photo is a terrible mess. In the hope of juxtaposing a very important football game with a sexual assault, Nicholson shows no style to his art (he does not earn points for chutzpah, because his staging is disgusting and ugly). When a director does everything possible to humiliate his actors, we must question his motives. Perhaps if "Drive, He Said" was finally making a kind of powerful statement, the public could forgive the filmmaker for his errors of judgment and taste. Unfortunately, the perplexing connection is as stunning as the rest of the film. * 1/2 of ****
