Yes, I "understand" Pasolini and his background, but at the same time, I think his "Decameron" is largely overestimated and more than a little disturbing. Over-rated because the so-called "realism" he introduces (crowd, ruined architecture, etc.) are motivated by the absurd and downright ridiculous behavior of the characters. In his quest for realism, Pasolini has used many non-actors, but his stag look under the headlights and his painfully delicate line give the whole a terribly offbeat and incoherent sensation. And frankly - many people without teeth and malformations are painful to watch. <br /> <br /> And Pasolini's "Decameron" is disturbing (at least for me) because of the occasional and dominant homosexual content. Not because I am prude or homophobic (but I am not) but because Pasolini's emphasis on homo-erotic images and situations is contrary to the neo-realism he espouses, so he is free and forced. We can almost hear him say "Ooh - I have to put a cute and naked boy in this scene!" Sometimes it seems that Pasolini is trying to play the homosexual angle to make fun of critics, and other times because he likes that aspect himself, regardless of his audience's preferences. <br /> <br /> Pasolini's "Decameron" disjunction on 9 or 10 different stories seemed to me to be Pasolini's failure as a storyteller, rather than an aspect of neo-realism. He seems to be bored with each story and he ends them so unconvincingly and with little conviction. Even the last line of dialogue of Pasolini in the film, that some people seem to find curious ("Why create a work of art while dreaming is so much softer?") - for me, it just makes me wonder why Pasolini Worth doing a movie if he felt like that? In my opinion, a much better-made film (and with MORE homosexual content) is Fellini's "Satyricon". He is also full of strange people and absurd situations, but he does it because of his pace, direction and powerful narration, while "Decameron" fails to deal with these same elements.
