The tragedy is that this waste was part of my curriculum during my studies of cinema. So imagine how I was forced to look at it in full. Believe me, going through hell is a lot easier. Our teacher told us it was a movie, but he never thought we would disagree or assume it was. I do not think there are gods on earth, we are only humans, so all filmmakers, so they CAN make mistakes, bad movies ... Or very bad too. The main problem was not that art, of course, is subject to innumerable points of view, but that many people just do not have it, that every human has its own taste, its opinion, Where I guess it's the best movie of all time, can be the worst ever, and how it works both ways, but how many people can understand that correctly? So, my teacher believes in this movie, and I just do not think so. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure it by its original intention to show us different types of old folk stories or anything to capture the mentality, imagination and nature of that society. To tell you the damn truth, Pier Paolo Pasolini, as a screenwriter and director, made the film too unbearable to be able to look at it in the first place. The movie is so ugly. I can not stand it, so why not analyze it and discover the beauty potential it contains! It's beyond your mental mood, and strangely not for the film or whatever, but for the unstable vision of (Pasolini). His work is so primitive to the underdeveloped. The deadly cinematographic technique, the effective sense of stupidity and the incredible horror made everything unpleasant. Look at the atrocious actor, the unsuccessful cinematography, the terribly poor scenery, .. OH MY GOD I already have nausea. It can put an end to your objectivity, because watching this movie is a real pain, like taking the wisdom tooth off a blind doctor. There are dreadful nightmares that could be more merciful than that. So, in the beginning, how do you go about it just to look at it fairly? In fact, you do not do it. As this movie does not treat you at all. There is a really memorable scene here where boys pee in the eyes of the camera (!) I try to connect such things to the murdered end of Pasolini.
