I am a major film producer at Wright State University, Ohio, and yesterday I was unfortunately given the opportunity to watch this horrible film in class. Our teacher informed us that it would be very fun, but the reason we were watching it was that it was one of the first sound movies - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem with his early movies was that Hollywood actors only knew how to make silent movies and they did not know how to memorize lines. Producers and directors would turn to the stage to find actors. That seems like a good idea, right? Well, the kind of comedian on stage does not show up very well in a movie. Most actors in "Atlantic" seem to play in a play, which causes a lot of warm laughter at the over-action. Another limitation of early sound films was microphone technology. You could not move the pickups as you can today, you had to keep them static or it would capture the sound of moving air. There was usually a microphone used in a given scene of this movie. In a particular scene, a man sits at a table. Someone approaches him and delivers his line, then leaves. Another actor comes behind him, delivers his line, then walks away. The same goes for a few more people. The microphone is obviously next to the man at the table, making it a laughable carousel for the actors. <br /> <br /> These are just technical problems. If you go into history and direction, then it gets even worse. The story is a fictional account of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are incredible and useless. A "story" about a man who cheats on his wife and their teenage daughter has no place in the movie. He is barely resolved and lets you ask why he was there in the first place. Trying to drama, the actors make many long and pregnant breaks between the lines. It's tiring and you can not wait for this 90-minute movie (it looks like at least 180 minutes). I will not talk much about the issue of racism right now in our country, but it really shocked me to see that there were only two blacks in the whole movie and that they were portrayed as animals. They both pushed women and children to attempt to board one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or shoot, and of course they did not. I was dismayed. <br /> <br /> I give this film a 2/10. I would have given him a 1/10 (the lowest note possible), but I gave him an extra point just because it was one of the first sound movies and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see a good first soundtrack, take a look at Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail", which was also published in 1929. You will find that the best directors have been able to adapt immediately to new technologies .
