For me, a film of heist unsatisfactory and unconvincing. With a cast of A-List, especially the three main actors and an experienced non-conformist director like Spike Lee, I was expecting a lot more and in the end I felt that what was delivered added little to this sub-genre of film. For starters, I did not like the film's rhythm, starting with Chief Clive Owen's purpose on camera, repeated unnecessarily at the conclusion, then finding the story confusing, not to mention interviews. with unreal witnesses. then you find yourself immersed in scenes you think you started earlier. Of course, the work of the camera is fluid, constantly moving and incorporating many manual shots, but the director Lee fails to deliver thrills or suspense, basically failing to do anything key players in the film . Denzel Washington is overwhelmed by the perverse clothing and speech of a "Shaft" movie thirty-five years ago (he even stated that "no one understands him but his wife" continues, filled with his "sexy" little friend, nibbling her with a vulgar "rude speech" that is downright rude and inappropriate, and her light riff "In The Heat Of The Night" with Willem Defoe (almost a little) barely raises a ripple Clive Owens plays her character with a resolutely accent English even though it is believed that the gang is based on the Arab world, it is also embarrassed to have to play 90% of the film with a mask on the face.Jodie Foster delivers another of his sub-Clarice Starling, a a tight-lipped patented ice cream girl, who pretends to be a well-connected financial bounty hunter, if you like, with little effect, all in all, it's a real mishmash of film, with a twist light but obvious at the end, in fact, the title leaves it from the start, fans of spoiler. The worst scene (on many others) is undoubtedly Washington's interview-witness, incredibly, with an 8-year-old street boy, although the dialogue between Owen and the same child, a few minutes ago, instead more and more embarrassing. During the movie, the characters refer to classic films like "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon", but there is no honor to be noticed. Rather like "The Hot Rock" instead ... and even it was good for some laughs.
