I enjoy a good slow drama. Christmas In August, Chungking Express, Virgin, depraved by her singles, The Way Home, Spring in a Small Town, Hana Bi, Mange Drink Man Woman, Dolls, Looking for Love, and Spring Summer Autumn Spring are nice movies ?? Just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is a subset of drama-like films that try to fly over the failures of good movies without offering anything of interest. These are what I call IAN movies ?? "Nonsense Artistic Incomprehensible." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this sub-genre and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, it's the crème de la crème of garbage infested with shit under the guise of "art". People walk around their apartments, drink water, walk around waiting for pay phones to become vacant, hang posters, hold essential papers, go to the bathroom, eat, pump, have relationships sexually, hit mosquitoes, etc. I'm not kidding when I say it's an exact summary of the entire movie, which is the post-child par excellence for garbage useless art houses. There is no plot, no scenario, no interesting or remarkable events, no emotion, no meaningful dialogue, and more importantly ?? no drama. <br /> <br /> The most hectic scene has two people "hitting" on a bed with a person masturbating under the mattress? ironic that it's also totally tasteless and free. The relationship of the characters on the bed is virtually nonexistent. Tsai apparently did not want to communicate anything to the viewer about these people, other than the obvious fact that they like to "tap". The person under the bed is also one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, prepare with melons and caress himself. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development". A real "artist" lost. <br /> <br /> Tsai's true contribution to Vive L'Amour is perhaps the most atrocious scene in the history of cinema. He first shows that the lead actress walks from one end of the park to the other for 285 consecutive seconds, then shows her her cries hysterically ?? for absolutely no reason whatsoever ?? for another 356 consecutive seconds. The film ends then abruptly. No point. No animation. Just a pure and concentrated torture inflicted on the spectator. <br /> <br /> To try to beat a dead horse. The underlying theme of loneliness is so badly treated that the only real feeling of this film is that of boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa provides a much better exposure on loneliness in his horror film Kairo. And guess what? It's actually interesting! This film was as slow as molasses in January, but there are better ways to approach the concept of loneliness than the ultimate waste known as Long Live Love. Kairo is a perfect example. <br /> <br /> Movie lovers will be able to thank Tsai Ming-Liang for directing this film, as he has provided irrefutable evidence that home theater cinema can be as mediocre as B-horror movies made for television. The art house snobs have officially lost their pedestal of self-satisfaction. The quality level of your precious genre now covers movies like Army of Darkness and ?? gasp! ?? Showgirls. How do you like apples?
