No film with Madeleine Carroll in her casting could be unassailable. That said, I must add that this British film is close. The story takes place aboard the "SS Atlantic" and is based on the unfinished journey of the "Titanic". The word "unsinkable" is pronounced, the liner hits an iceberg and we hear a celestial chorus sing "Closer to Me, my God". The condemned passengers finally resume the national anthem, in a clever sound work. But the year of the film's release (1929) means that a modern viewer must accept an otherwise primitive sound and many silent film and stage actor conventions. These are not problems. The major flaw of the film is stimulation, and the stimulation was well developed in the silences. However, if the dialogs were delivered at a realistic speed, the movie's playback time would be halved. The desired effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but the result is unfortunately tedious. The structure of the film is ridiculously illogical and inept. Paradoxically, I found some technical details of the editing quite modern: thin and abrupt cuts from one area of ​​the ship to another, sometimes even in terms of sound effects. Although we were on board the Atlantic at the first shot, we had already passed the 4 minutes before I discovered this fact. There are long intrusive musical passages of the ship's dance band. (Sound entertaining and easy.) Personal stories are presented in a totally uninviting and unconvincing way. Do not even think about the show. The iceberg is a tiny thing and the external damage to the hull of the ship is a minor injury. However, the scenes of passengers swarming in the lifeboats - clearly mounted on a real liner, presumably attached to a dock - arouse great emotion. Besides the glorious Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only points of excellence of the film. When the film and the ship are nearing their end, the screen turns completely black several times as the generators begin to fail. Their last eternal breakdown is the end of the movie, with a sunset / sunrise added, a clumsy symbolic effect. "Atlantic" is a cinema curiosity. The best. <br /> <br />
