I saw almost all the work of Ryuhei Kitamura and I came to the conclusion that he was good at the action. The scenes are kinetic and fast, often combining elements of martial arts, gunfights and samurai fights with a camera work that effectively captures the carnage on the screen. With "Versus" and "Aragami", Kitamura demonstrated this creativity and showed that he was more than capable of working on a small budget. So what happened in "Alive"? To be more direct, the answer would be: nothing. Nothing happened in "Alive", it was a movie of more than two hours with little or no action, little or no characters or plot. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a cartoon by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is a review of Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki), a death row inmate who survived his execution. He is then given the choice to repeat the performance or submit to a series of bizarre experiments. He chooses the latter and soon after, he is placed in a room with a rapist and later with a girl infected by a strange parasite who, in exchange for his humanity, grants supernatural powers. Of course, at one point, the parasite settles in Yashiro, the bad thing is that it does not happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Similar to "Aragami", "Alive" defines its first half by establishing the basic exposure. The characters are introduced, their motivations are defined and their relations between them are discovered. Everything happens even in one set. The first major problem of this comparison is that, even though "Aragami" was only a 70-minute film, "Alive" was hanging around for more than two hours, causing the first part to pass for more than an hour. This length could have been justified if the characters had been made a little more interesting, but alas, this is not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, without emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There have been a few small attempts to make "Alive" a bit more morally ambiguous, but ultimately everything has fallen into the thick of it: perverse government members against, a super powerful protagonist, whom you guessed, finally saves the young lady. As I said before, the whole film is practically on one set, and after two hours, it becomes boring, and even worse, the scenography itself was not even interesting at first and did not make much -to improve other aspects. of the film. <br /> <br /> Now, at the end of this first part, you'd think Kitamura would do at least some fun action scenes to make up for the boring start. Unfortunately, it is not the case. The only two fights are actually fighting fights similar to those of Hollywood movies, with special effects and psychic powers. They are just not interesting or fun, the creativity of "Versus" Kitamura is gone, the small setting limits even his photographic work often very impressive and everything is summarized in generic fights and predictable, too bad, but really bad. <br /> <Evidently, "Aragami" was better in every way and "Kitamura" had learned something from "Alive". It was not a total loss to watch this movie. If only to understand the mistakes made, how to correct them and create a better movie more entertaining.
