Movie: There are some very interesting comments on IMDb about this movie. It's really horrible. Not enough money is spent in the film and, as Spike Lee did, it looks like a combination of an independent film and an action movie. Characters / Actors: Denzel did "EXACTLY" what he does in each movie, so no surprises. Here is a little mind game for readers. Think fast to 10 Denzel movies. Now, count how many there were in which he played a cop / detective / bodyguard, whatever. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy will soon need a better role on his plate. I think his best performance was "Beyond Borders". Apart from that, he did pretty much the same thing as in all the movies. His tone and manner of speaking were very similar to what he had done in "Sin City". This guy surely knows how to play, what he does not know is a better way to choose the roles. He desperately needs a better agent. Jodie Foster has been brilliant in the movie, if you watch her for the first time in your life. She did better. She had better roles. It turns out that in Hollywood, even the biggest stars get on their knees and take down lower-class roles than Jody Foster in this movie. Plot: The plot was not confusing, in fact, I could think of such a plot, actually to the whole movie, while taking a dump after a good big Chinese dinner. I mean, come on, **** SPOILER ON THE Way ----> I'm fed up with the useless Haulocast and the Racism token. The film talks about bank robbers, why put Haulocast and racism inside, try to play with people's emotions, work on someone? NOT ME. The police let the burglars leave thinking they were hostages? Riiiiiiight, please, we are talking here about American police force and security. Nobody could know where Clive was, I mean they did not find anything different with this piece. Who are we laughing at? Conclusion: Of course, go see this movie. If nothing, you'll have a good time telling you how bad the movie was. At least people will not think that you are stupid to go watch this movie because they think you went to watch it because it has a big distribution of stars "MISTAKE".
