It's a silly movie. Maybe my judgment would not be so hard if the movie did not promise so much, but I felt as if this movie was being cheated and made me look like crazy every turn. <br /> <br /> I did not have an ox with acting, but I thought the characters were awful. The film begins with the character of Clive Owen who tells us that he is a criminal brain and how he planned the perfect bank robbery, which he often reminds us afterwards. Oh yes, he also tells us that he is in a prison cell, though it turns out to be a silly metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best burglary in a bank is one where a minimum of things can potentially go wrong and you've already left before the police come forward. But Clive Owen's plan demands that you stay in the bank for hours - for no reason but to stalk and look scary, to my knowledge. He must also control the hostages, negotiate with the cops and, above all, do a job in This-Old-House in the bank store and hide for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a bucket to pee) and then sneak again. Yes, it sounds like the perfect crime for me, Clive! This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason it did not collapse was the scriptwriter who said it. <br /> <br /> And then there are many unexplained details: why were the police so convinced that accomplices among the hostages? Who is Jodie Foster's character, and why is she so important that she has the mayor in her place and she does not have to tell Denzel Washington his diary because he "is above his pay scale? " How stupid are these cops to understand that a guy who speaks in a foreign language for hours does not sound like a criminal gang planning a robbery? How did the thieves escape and why did Clive Owen stay for a week? How did they discover the past of the bank president, the number and contents of his safe? Why the hell would Clive Owen leave Jodie Foster or the cops? Since when do we make AK-47 toys that look really close? How on earth do you have a bug in a pizza box? How did Clive Owen manage to sneak out of a secure area of ​​the bank during working hours, without being detected? Did this impartial criminal really feel enough attached to this policeman Denzel to drag him a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions has ever been answered. There are films that have depth in letting you ask yourself about events that happen off-screen, but I've never felt that way about Inside Man. It was as if the scenes that explained these things had been cut off from the film, or that those questions had never been answered, which is weak. The character of Jodie Foster is particularly boring, he will not reveal what she does, but never seems to tire of reminding us how important it is. I guess we're just supposed to take his word for it. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this movie two stars is because I laughed at the taxi taxi and the pina colada gags, and the scandalous video game of the child. Apart from that, this movie has no usable functionality.
