It seems to me that Stephen King's pseudonym "Bachman" was a way for him to publish some of the darker, cruder and meaner things he wanted to write without "contaminating" his "brand name". If you look at the "Bachman's Books" (Running Man, The Long March, Road Works, Thinner), you notice that they have a sense of isolation and despair in which they find themselves, which is distinct from the traditional king . I realize we are talking about the guy whose first novel featured a humiliated, blood-covered and emotionally crippled teenager, slaughtering everyone at her high school graduation ball ... procedures a little, and most have purposes that offer at least a glimpse of hope and human feeling. Bachman's books are just mean and always end badly. (By the way, "Pet Semetary" could easily have been a Bachman's book if King had not revealed the alias at that time, and "The Dark Half" seems to be at least partly about his character. "Bachman".) <br /> "Thinner" was Bachman's last book, and the man, with his themes of class warfare, revenge and death by starvation, is mean. So do not be surprised that the film does the same. <br /> <br /> What is surprising is that the adaptation seems to have been filmed at a level of talent equivalent to that of the "TV movie of the week" instead of a movie worthy of an exit theatrical. (These days, something like this would probably go straight to DVD or cable). The makeup and the striking pattern (starving in the middle of plenty, metaphor of the supercharged and undernourished American middle class if there is one) is all that stops you from looking at this failure. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? My first thought was that the director had opted for the ugly Bachman vibe, but he also managed to attract all the interest of the film with mediocre casting choices - the actors here (with the exception of Joe Monetegna) can not just do not make the film. . And then he spread the heat and life away from the rest of the movie with a clumsy structure and scene structure. Moreover, he could not leave the plot alone, and his changes do not really help him. The script and dialogue must work, but most of the time, the movie is there. Everything is smothered, dull, airless, and not fun to watch ... with the striking exception of the main character's show more and more ... thinner, thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others have pointed out, "Diluent" is by no means the worst film King ever made (or even the second worst). And he has a frightful and compelling fascination because of the theme and the work of neat makeup. But viewers for the first time should approach this one with reduced expectations.
