No, I did not read Stephen King's novel "Thinner", but I smothered the movie version. Horror movies are an acquired taste. Ordinary films give an audience a hero to applaud in his efforts to achieve a goal. In horror movies, the public is invited to savor the disappearance of characters. In the film "Thinner" by director Tom Holland, "Thinner", low fat but tasteless, no one wins and everyone deserves the sting he deserves. The greedy New England lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although he scales the scale at 300 pounds, he seems happy married to a neat and delicious wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney of "GI Jane") with a leavened teenage daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat does not mean stupid here. Halleck is shrewd in court when he has just acquitted himself of lean Mafia boss Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna of "House of Games"). Returning home after a feast of victory, Billy hits an old Gypsy woman who crosses the street and kills her. A concealment occurs and Halleck's friends pull him out of the soup. Gypsy father displeased Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine of "Skidoo") takes revenge with a curse on the corpulent lawyer and the two city officials who exonerated him. Suddenly, Halleck loses weight, no matter how many times he squeaks. When he begs the vengeful Gypsy to cast the spell, the old man refuses. Desperately, Halleck is using Richie. While Halleck fights with the gypsies to remove the hex, he learns that his faithful wife has turned to the famous doctor of the city. <br /> <br /> "Thinner" is not just a ridiculously inept horror film, but filmmakers also rely on the stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who directed "Child's Play" (1988), and screenwriter Michael McDowell, presented such a cunning scenario that makes it impossible to watch Billy take his just dessert and shrivel up. "Thinner" has few shocks and fewer surprises. The filmmakers may have regurgitated King's novel, but they staged all the sense of horror and humor it contained. Holland and McDowell present characters, such as mafia, and then leave them inexplicably. A minor character appears long enough to die and have his head stuffed in his mouth. <br /> <br /> The stereotypical behavior of the characters can also offend the public. "Thinner" describes women as overexposed foxes and men as pigs. When Halleck sneaks home after a clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car parked at home. His suspicions turn into jealousy and he prepares a ploy for the curse to be transferred to this woman. Even the premature ending has no satirical flavor. Special effects magician Greg Cannom of "Van Helsing" and makeup artist Bob Laden do a fabulous job of reinforcing actor Robert John Burke to make him look fat. They also succeed in making him shrivel. <br /> <br /> Only fans of Stephen King will be able to support this misogynist gogo.
