I do not really know where to start with one of the worst movies I've had the regret of watching for a long time. From the point of view of the place, it was obvious and very clear to anyone who went to London for a day even will agree ... it was not London. In a very unexplained way, the character of Snipe managed to escape from the country to the United States without any problem. Then he convinces the girl and the grandmother to visit her in America. How on earth did grandmother accept that ... it's an assassin! Well, it's the end of the movie, but unfortunately it was not much better. We have British cops driving an incredible number of cars. I'm sure it's a 1980s Vauxhall Belmont that chased the taxi after the mission, but a modern Subaru Imprezza escorting the prison van a few scenes before. SO19 or whoever was trying to represent the arm of the Met they were trying to represent ran happily through the streets with their rifles chasing those of Snipe and the CIA. There were children walking around, but the police were still saying they had a free kick to kill him, is that happening in London? No, I live there. We also have the very unlikely journey from central London to the airport (say Heathrow for discussion reasons) within 5 minutes of receiving a call. We also have terrible American accents, a girl more affluent than the queen but who lives at Elephant & Castle. What does he say to the British police when helicopters and a number of officers on Snipe's site fail to find him and he manages to escape capture by hiding behind the stairs? Obviously, the station was not even on British soil and the sound effects of the fight scene were terrible. The plot was also extremely poor, boring and was written and filmed a lot better a thousand times before. But there were some notable actors in this movie, what were they thinking about and please, do not be swayed by this movie! This movie did not seem to know what he wanted to be. If you want to focus on the dramatic aspects of following an assignment, you need a rigid and rigorous plot with plausible sets and backgrounds. It's something the viewer has time to take and appreciate and if you hurt it then you notice it. If you want a complete action movie (which is not the case), continuity and landscapes can be set aside.
