And, finally, the old Michael Corleone falls and shouts: "TONCENT! Who REALLY wrote for this last part of the Godfather saga? Probably the same staff doing "As the world turns." This film does not deserve the title of "Godfather". Let's call this one "The cosas of our Nostras" or "All my capos". As someone who has met a number of mafia members in my professional life, I can say without exception that I have never met a gangster as conflictual and contemplative as Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the mafia just because they are greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time thinking about his past actions and his dark future, perhaps even afterlife, then recovering remarkably quickly in order to make great deals or order death of this one to that of the great operator of time it is, at bottom. Then there is his failed marriage. After the separation scenes in G2, we can hope that Michael & Kay will come together as a man and a woman, but here they seem to become very good platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the writers are trying to make Michael a woman. This is bizarre behavior for two people who share the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years. There are broadcast errors here and there, or maybe they are sins of paternity. Sophia Coppola, poor and old city-dweller, has a hopeless role, with too many short replicas in the film that do not correspond to what a young woman would say in informal conversations - received "remarks" rather than "phrases" emote. His "passionate" love scene with Andy Garcia looks like a bad teen sex comedy as they gape their kisses and caress each other upside down on the kitchen sink like puppets ... Couple sex has been wonderfully well disfigured by Glenn Close Michael Douglas, but it's just laughable here. Then there is the character of Andy, Vinnie Mancini, who also has a difficult and thankless role to play. I guess he should be the new Don Corleone, but he almost lost his position on a silver platter and has to do little to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's success on the 5 G1 families. This simplistic process can be a genuine way of transferring power into a mafia family, but why are so many things made of this boring routine? Granted, Don Vincent may one day deserve the respect of his fellow gangsters, but the screenplay reveals very few characters to give us a portrait of this young man, unfortunately. Puzo did a remarkable job of developing Michael's character in the G1 quickly and concisely. But, G3 has no economy in his story and we suffer because of long expositories until we just wanted to take a nap. Thirdly, George Hamilton was also given a thankless task by taking over from family lawyer after Robt Duvall would have refused a third installment under the name of Tom Hagen. George wisely underestimated his role, so it went smoothly for the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when she herself takes murderous business (she could end up sleeping with the Fredos, if it was the real world). But not everything is bad. The assassination scene in the hotel's penthouse is great! In addition, "they keep pulling me back" or words to that effect is an excellent line. And we find a little old town back in Sicily, even if everything was done in 1989 and they have cars and modern haircuts. The intrigues involving the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are quite interesting, insofar as they are based on real financial shenanigans at Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but they are pushed too much, again, with scenes from dead too spectacular, etc. The Great The opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But, the scene of Mary's death towards the end is at best an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation. All writers must learn that it is not always necessary to have more and more deaths to carry out a movie about the mafia. You're sorry for Kay that her daughter is dead, she plays her grief so well, but Michael's reaction is hammy, hammy, hammy. Then Michael died in the twenty-first century, in Sicily, alone in a large estate, suffering from heart failure ... no grandson to play with before his death, no wife who cries. What should have happened in the last half of this film is that Michael is being hunted down by someone like Rudy Guilliani, tried, all the sordid little businesses of his filthy family and his bloody indulgences uncovered, Michael is then sentenced under RICO laws and sent to federal prison for life ... then he can survive heart failure death while cleaning a floor at LEAVENWORTH. For example, the Mafiosi ended their careers in the late 1980s and early 1990s and received much better treatment than they deserved.
