The Godfather Part I was a stunning look inside the fictional Corleone family and how an innocent young man was almost forced into circumstances in which he had never wanted to participate. Part II of the godfather shows that the young man accepts his new role, desensitizes his character and completely loses his innocence as he plunges deeper and deeper into a criminal life. The first two parts of the saga of Michael Corleone's transformation constitute one of the greatest tragedies in cinematographic history. <br /> <br /> The Godfather III has arrived. Michael Corleone is now the aging gift of the Corleone family. He expresses remorse for his previous actions, not by subtle behaviors, but by trying to use his powers wisely and admitting all his wrongs and regrets to others. Very cliche and not very characteristic of the complex character that is Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his powers for good are disappointed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter ends up being the victim of the ongoing gang wars and his death suggests that Michael realized that his entire life as a Don was useless because he failed in the only reason for which he is placed in the position he was in: protecting his family. <br /> <br /> The godfather, second part, ends with Michael Corleone who reaches the lowest of lows: to kill his own brother. Before the creation of the third part, the godfather's saga was a moving account of the journey of an innocent young man in the darkness with Michael's incredibly tragic end, forgetting his roots and abandoning what mattered most to him and those around him: the family fidelity. The third part describes Michael as a man who has been and always has been a victim of circumstances. This greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> The Part III Godfather is a horrible mess of a movie that should never have been done. The only solution to the problem of this last installment of Godfather's films is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga ends with the scandalously horrible act of Michael who killed a member of his own family.
