At the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III", Michael Corleone's son wants to leave law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want it. But his ex-wife, Kay, manages to convince him to let Anthony Corleone continue the music as he pleases. So, he does it. <br /> <br /> This seems like a strange way to start a review, because it is a minor point of the plot and really has nothing to do with the major action. Just keep with me here; you'll see where I'm going with that. Now, let me tell you about the major plot. This is Michael Corleone who wants to permanently eliminate the crime (he has largely abandoned all the criminal elements of the family business). But then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew involved in a quarrel. So of course, Michael has to endure yet another contact with crime, gun violence and all these good gangster deals. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-incestuous affair with Michael's daughter, Mary. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to fix all the horrible things that happened at the end of the second part. <br /> <br /> It's like a soap opera. A horrendous and appalling soap opera of 169 minutes. Gone are the sophistication, the romance and the emotional relevance that made the first two movies so hard hit at home. After a 16-year hiatus in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola created a totally incongruous disaster and pretense with the first two films, proving once again that his latest work was "Apocalypse Now" in the 1970s. <br /> <What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical continuation of "The Godfather: Part II". Michael is a completely different person. He does not just sow (which could be legitimate, even if it would not be fun to watch). He has become a bum who tries to repair all the tragedy that made Part II a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was already painful enough, but this small bout of diabetes in the center made him feel nauseous. He's coming back with Kay too! For the sake of heaven, it is absolutely impossible for this to happen, as the second movie clearly explained! She aborted her baby and her Sicilian education made her despise him. Did not Francis Ford Coppola even think about these things? <br /> <br /> And do not even throw me in the case of Mary and Vincent! For a love story so forbidden, it was scandalously without commitment. The actor Sofia Coppola did nothing to help. She made the smartest decision of her life when she went from camera to camera behind, as she was perhaps the worst actress I've ever seen in a movie nomination. Each line she delivered was painfully memorized and whenever the drama was based on her acting abilities, she only caused inappropriate laughter. In the culminating scene - I will not go into the details, but you'll know what scene I'm talking about when / if you look at it - she looks at Michael and says, "...... daddy?" I think I had to crying, but the line was so bad that I laughed a long time! <br /> <br /> We now come to the climax and you will now understand why I took the time to start the review by describing the musical ambitions of Anthony Corleone. After 140 minutes of little dramas and unimportant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... with an opera! Then Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent go to see him, and for about 10 to 15 minutes, some assassins walk around trying to kill Michael. About this culminating sequence, I must say one thing: it was really good! But not because of the killers, they were rather boring. I really liked the opera. There was good music and very good decorations. And, judging by the little that has shown us, it seems that the story has echoes of the origin of the Corleone family. I bet it's a famous opera, and I bet Michael Corleone was happy to let his son go from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My greatest wish is that Francis Ford Coppola simply filmed Anthony Corleone's opera for 169 minutes and abandoned the rest of the sodden melodrama. Better yet, I wish he did not do "The Godfather: Part III" at all. The second part gave us the perfect ending. This spin off was complacent and useless. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not an instinctive reaction to the film. I watched the 3 godfather movies over a month ago (although I was reviewing the first one). Not only does this mean that my expectations for Part III were not dead (in fact, I had set the bar low enough for that after what I had heard), but it also meant that I had a good time thinking about the three films. Although I'm a little disappointed with the second part at first, the more I thought, the better it seemed to me. But with Part III, it was bad at first, then it got worse as I thought about it. The sad thing is that a lot of people will stop with Part I, but if they look at Part II as well, they will probably go to Part III. If you have the will, look at Parts I and II and pretend that Part III never existed.
