When Samantha Eggar (under the name of Phyllis Dietrickson) answers the door of her house wrapped in a towel, you realize that an actress as competent as Eggar can be, she does not have the hypnotic charm of Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not entirely Eggar's fault. In the original film, Wilder not only made Stanwyck appear in a napkin, but she appeared on the balcony of the second floor of the house. And she does not "go out"; she appears, almost magically. Walter Neff looks down from the first floor. There is a reason for that. Stanwyck is much higher than Neff (Fred MacMurray) in their first introduction. It's not just the towel. The towel adds to the seductive appeal. Her pose resembles a Greek goddess who dominates her domain and, strangely, one has the impression that she controls from the start the situation as a whole. She has sexual power, even magic. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with secrets hidden inside. <br /> <br /> Back to 1973. The remake has Crenna knock on the door. Stanwyck's substitute, Eggar, opens the door with a towel around her. There is no "appearance". She just opens the door. The seductive superiority that pervaded the public at Stanwyck's first appearance in 1944 is totally absent in 1973. She opens the door with a towel around her. It may be sexy as a Charlie's Angels, but it's not so mysterious. The filmmakers of the remake seem to misunderstand Wilder's point of view. The script may have said "Phyllis appears in a napkin", so the remake directors simply follow the instructions and include the required towel. The point is not the towel. It's about the enigmatic quality of Phyllis and her potential power. Wilder gave him a napkin to add to his mysticism. The filmmakers of the remake gave him a towel because that's what Wilder did. And in the choice of shooting, all the mystique of Phyllis has been lost. <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also seems to have missed out. He seems to "play" and not really at the heart of this dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna looks so much like a 70s actor. He can not get into the 1940s. When MacMurray speaks for the first time in the microphone, sweat begins to flow from his face. No sweat on Crenna. And they also changed one of the crucial lines at the beginning. In the original, Neff says, "I did not get the money and I did not get the woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says, "I did not have the money and I did not want a woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the purpose of the story? Or were they intended for a "television" audience? <br /> <br /> This film designed for television is an interpretation in numbers. All the edge of the original is lost. Perhaps the only one that stands out is Lee J. Cobb in the role made famous by Edward G. Robinson. But he can not save the intensity loss of the original. This boring remake of 1973 is an unforgettable TV movie made probably by the same people who made "Gilligan's Island". They might as well try to redo "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediocrity is the best you can expect, what is the point? The 1944 classic is a film with a capital "F". This remake made for television deserves an "F", or maybe a "D" for an idiot.
