Assassination and insurance fraud lead an adulterous couple to the "end of the line" ... <br /> <br /> Television was visually vulgar in the early 1970s and this episode was truncated and designed for television. hurt the eyes. This can not be compared to Billy Wilder Film Noir's 1944 classic movie, because any sensible person should be aware of it, but that does not mean that this update should be considered as a separate entity. Although based on the initial scenario of Paramount, there is more than half an hour of work and the soft indifference of the director makes what is unforgettable forgotten. With rare exceptions, the younger generation was not interested in reading old black-and-white films on television in 1973 (still true today, alas), so this fascinating and fascinating story was new to the vast majority of viewers; then, as now, the rule of notations and gain was his only reason for being. Gus Van Zandt redesigned PSYCHO by Alfred Hitchcock for similar reasons and if these changes involved the search for original films or novels, all the better. I loved James M. Cain's novel enough to be able to listen to it and I enjoyed this second time the capsule curio for the long hair, the halters, the turbans, the lousy decor and the luxurious auburn locks of "the guest star "Samantha Eggar, who did not try too hard. In addition to recognizing some of the fortuitous actors of a childhood past the breast tube, Lee J. Cobb was able to retain my interest as a tired and exhausted Keyes, but the dreadful and harmless Richard Crenna, Walter Neff only reminded me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Of course, the improvement of the original never intended to earn money but, instead of a reckless retreat, a new adaptation of the novel would have been a new idea. Cain's book differs somewhat from its celluloid incarnations and the horrible moonlight shark fins kill each other. The finalist who is in me is grateful that the accelerated update of "Me Decade" was included in the supplements of DVD DOUBLE INDEMNITY, but the experience not only made me wait a long time to see the original, it had nostalgic for any episode of the best version of COLUMBO TV series. I also recalled a very good movie of the week on ABC TV from 1973 that I have not seen since its first broadcast: LINDA by John D. Macdonald, featuring the beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless femme fatale who murdered that of her lover (sexy John Saxon) wife, then surrounds her husband with gentle manners for the crime and, if I remember correctly, there is also an open end. Like DOUBLE INDEMNITY, it was redone unnecessarily with the queen of the TV movie Virginia Madsen in the role of the titular vixen and Richard Thomas in the role of husband milquetoast.
