This 1973 remake of Billy Wilder's classic 1944 film "Double Indemnity" is a classic example of the destruction of a good script. This category B television feed also illustrates the madness of remakes in general. While Hollywood is tackling the greedy frameworks that color black-and-white movies and claims disclaimers for widescreen movies presented in widescreen, the sector has ignored hackers that require a classic movie and to diminish it. with a poor quality remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a classic version of a classic is to modify the script. The work of Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler was shortened by half an hour to allow the final film to fit into a specified time slot with room for commercials. Then update the production with soft pictures, color photos, high-end, smart decors, and familiar TV actors. Thus, the brand new "Double Indemnity" eliminates the black and white cinematography of the black film which reinforced the atmosphere and the characteristics of the original. The dusty, dark and claustrophobic decorations that explained the desire of the protagonists to escape their situation at any price have disappeared. The close link between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis are gone. <br /> <br /> Jack Smight's "Double Indemnity" looks more like "Dynasty" than film noir. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer home not to be missed, and Neff's comfortable cushion would be hard to pay with the salary of an insurance salesman, not to mention the sporty Mercedes convertible he drives. None of the two characters apparently have a murder motive for $ 200,000. If it's not money, then maybe a murder for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna has little interest in Samantha Eggar and their kisses are about as coveted as those of a brother and a sister. Crenna fails to capture Neff's cynicism, and her attempts at double meaning and sexual suggestion fall terribly flat. Eggar is a bit better and lacks sensuality and depth to suggest the inner workings of an allegedly devious and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb manages a noteworthy performance like Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three directors have all done a much better job. <br /> <br /> There was no reason imaginable to produce this miserable remake, except to occupy time in a broadcast program. There was no reason imaginable to resurrect this DVD disc and package it with the original movie, except to fill a double disc package. The only lesson from this failure is that even a good script and a good dialogue can be ruined by poor distribution, poor management, and TV production values. The "Double Indemnity" of 1973 should be titled "Compensation of 10%" because its display only emphasizes the perfection to 100% of the original film.
