Oh, if only I could give this garbage less than a star! There were two rather fun parts in the whole movie and that's it! one was where a line or two of the song Do not Worry, Be Happy was sung by slugs and the other was where Roddy had fallen from the toilet roll and had landed legs and feet apart so that all the rest the way struck him in the groin. That is to say, there was nothing more fun than that, at least not for me anyway! Doctornappy2 is not right to say that "the fans of the terrible" Shrek "could enjoy it, but the fans of" Wallace & Gromit "will probably turn away with disgust." As I liked Shrek 1 2 and 3 and I also like Wallace and Gromit. You see what it means to say that if an animation is extremely well done, then it's really worth watching, but it was as far from being done as possible. The continuity errors were too numerous. Some have been reported by the creators of this site, others not. I will not emphasize all the others, but here are some others to see: when the girl leaves at the beginning of the film, the closing of the door of the cage falls and the hook part of this one is on the right. He puts himself clearly behind the round button to make sure that Roddy will not be able to come out and yet he just does it. At one point, the ruby ​​falls into Roddy's back and is thrown right up into the air by Rita as the ship moves forward. In the next scene, Roddy caught up with him. It's impossible. Seeing how the ship moves forward, the only place where the ruby ​​was ejected under the back of Roddy's shirt, the only place he could have landed was in the water, not in Roddy's hand. There was a third one that I wanted to point out, but I have forgotten it for now. <br /> <br /> Too, for lack of words, the "jokes" are repeated in one way or another, there is not enough time to establish any link with one of the characters , the characters were hollow, superficial and empty, and the whole film made you want ... to want to watch 85 minutes of anything else! Drying the paint or growing grass are two great options!
