A very young Ginger Rogers deals with the journalist of his rival Lyle Talbot in this murder mystery of 1933 Poverty Row filmmaker, Allied Productions. The film begins with a rich businessman taking a head off the roof terrace of a large building, or the apartment of a lover? Rogers actually has two identities at the beginning of the film, that of Miss Terry, the secretary of the deceased victim, as well as the signature of his diary in the newspaper, Pat Morgan. Wrongly, phoning her story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of her newspaper's rewrite office, she gets fired for her efforts when her boss learns that she's been bailed out. Here's a puzzle - it was revealed during a police inspection. Russell's (Purnell Pratt) investigation of Harker's death that Terry / Morgan had been employed as a secretary for three weeks. Why was it exactly? Afterwards, it would be logical for her to be present for a newspaper article, but before? Clues are left about Harker's association with a known gangster living conveniently in the same building, but again, this association is irrelevant until everything is connected to Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who makes up all the business cards with the HSSS snake, with the words "will you hear it" cut and glued underneath? Apparently, the hissing of a snake was the sound emitted by the building's radiator system, which Peterson used to transmit poisonous gas into the rooms of potential victims, like Ms. Coby in the apartment below Harker. But in response to a question to Inspector Russell about Ms. Coby's death, he responded "apparently" to the cause of the strangulation. <br /> <br /> It is these rather contradictory plot points that made the film somewhat unsatisfactory for me. Peterson's revelation as the villain of this piece comes under somewhat abominable circumstances as we see him stuff Miss Morgan's unconscious body into the furnace of the building's incinerator! However, and to mark another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a huge room in the basement while Peterson lights the oven; she made him run away, but how? And always pretty as an image. And who will succeed in removing the collar if none other than Wilfred, the police assistant of the milquetoast, who, in an opening scene, fell on his own feet, entered a room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all the critics who found "A scream in the night" as a satisfying whodun, I think any Charlie Chan movie of the same era is a real "The Suspect Suspects" in comparison. If you need a reason to see the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but know that she does not dance.
