I just saw a pre-screening tonight. What can I say? This was up to its mediocre trailer, but it says nothing at all. There was absolutely no film before, and it was so cliched that I ended up getting to the point where I stopped laughing just because I laughed with the audience and let the movie play without humor <br /> <br /> Let's see ... we have the main character less than spectacular who tries to come back with his ex-girlfriend but he is not good enough for her, check. We have the three friends who all have their own "personality", one of them being the best friend trying to reach the best friend of the main character of the girl but who is constantly rejected, another friend being the very clumsy who can not live by seeing the positive in all 24 hours and 7 days out of 7 and is intended for players of the same genre (which in this case are only references to movies, especially Disney), and third type you will not remember the name, but who is there to complete the place and send messages of consolation to anyone who wants to listen ... check. We have the girl's ex-boyfriend and her parents **** - block the relationship in all possible ways when everything goes well, not to mention the family members who are troublesome on the side of the main character .. check. We have an hour in the movie where everyone is depressed, check. The "funny" moments of the film come from incessant swearing, falling or struck people, scenes from the trailer and homosexual insinuations. And then I dare call it a spoiler, but we have an end that runs exactly as we thought it would take place even before seeing the movie ... check. <br /> <br /> Honestly, it could have ... no, wait ... should have been a PG-13 movie. All that was to be abandoned was F-bombs. Honestly, it would have been much more publicity from the crowd that likes that kind of humor, would have had less publicity in the media and so would not have been less loved by people like me who should try to hold it even higher R-rated comedies like Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this film is so clumsy that it does not fit what people in general are looking for. I bet even the actors were often disturbed by some of the dialogues and actions they had to deliver in front of the camera. Let's put it that way ... in the theater, it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and others are laughing. When this movie arrives on SHOWTIME and you watch it at 2:00 PM on a day off, you may be inclined to switch channels. The only thing that will make you look is the warmth of Alice Eve (who is not quite a 10, but still very beautiful). <br /> <br /> Apart from the main resolution, this film has given rise to numerous secondary intrigues. sidewalk and seemed to forget to write more story that they had tried to develop at the beginning of the movie, where everything else was flying almost out the window. So there is a main resolution, but what about? It's never really well defined, nor does it allow the end to be "comforting" with brutality. <br /> <br /> There was only one thing that was worthless in this movie, it was the good soundtrack. Aside from the judicious choice of alternative rock songs of the '90s, there was a nice optimistic score to play in some parts of the film (especially at the beginning) that reminds me of something that David Holmes was going to mix / compose. I will give them accessories for a variety of sounds. <br /> <br /> One last thing, this movie was probably filmed late last summer, because Pepsi's inadvertently and so proud godfather showed the yellow plugs they had at the end of the summer. during this Rock Band promotion. I just thought that a lot of Rock Band players would catch this one if you saw it. But I say keep your money. If it was PG-13 and you were 15 on a Friday night with a group of friends, I would tell you to knock yourself out. Otherwise, go definitely. It's not trying to compete with the R-rated movies of recent years and, ideally, it's certainly not as good.
