No, I'm just not going to understand that here. I refuse to follow the program. Do not you think that this film is perhaps a little overestimated? Look at the readers' comments and their star rating: Most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is a case where the ratings can tell more about the people who make them than about the movie itself, which is unique. How many other sexual fantasies about bestiality simulated with horse teams have become mainstream hits as DVD catalog titles? I watched this film with an omnipresent sense of anticipation, expecting fireworks, and instead, someone blew up a Gucci shopping bag. It looked great, but once the thrill had been spent, even the end of the spinning was not doing much to save him. <br /> <br /> The story of the film says it all: the director films about 25 minutes of fake hard-boiled hardcore sex for another movie, is informed that the footage will not be appropriate, puts it aside, waits two or three years to garner some praise from critics, then build a feature film about 25 minutes, filming about 70 minutes of unrelated, extremely boring videos and insert the 25-minute piece into a dream sequence. That the 25 minutes of the film in question are surprisingly strange, original and shocking in a deliberate and calculated way. But we are not here to evaluate that only 25 minutes, we have to consider the whole movie and ask ourselves why are people so excited about the movie? Or are they simply in love with her background story and her story of being banished by stupid people to be offended by her? <br /> <br /> It may be an anticlerical program that interests them. Hatred against Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few socially acceptable strongholds of intolerance. It was revealed today that the BBC systematically falsified their broadcasts with an anti-Christian and anti-Western sentiment aimed at promoting political correctness. You can say whatever you want about the Bible, the pedophelic priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church and how many white men and their inhuman religions suck the tufted skin of a golf ball ... But let's say a point negative about non-Westernized religions and you are a toast. This film was tailor-made for such a feeling, with a desolate old priest who has a totally unhealthy relationship on the screen with two pretty 14-year-old French boys, with touching, falsifying, fondling, fumbling and tapping inappropriate. setbacks. Ewww. <br /> <br /> And then there are the horse teams, photographed with such a fetishistic precision that parts of the film could be used as visual aids for a course on breeding biology. Yes, I understand the thematic relevance of the phallus images of large animals with a profusion of reproductive fluids just waiting to be released as fire extinguishers - but if I wanted to watch horses, you know, do it, I would continue to live on a farm. Having their genitals in front is about as much fun as watching someone use a bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this film simply a kind of artistic diversion for social deviants? Probably, although most of the time I give an artistic performance, filmed in a kind of European artistic detail including a pond of spotted forest straight out of a painting by Monet, completed by an arched arch bridge. And the end (which I was even surprised) ends up wrapping everything in a neat package, so unpleasant. But you must remember that some things can not be deconstructed for their design elements and many artists are guilty of exploiting them in their work to give a kind of gravitas that would not have been achieved without it. It's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood is tempted with his new movie on Iwo Jima. Whether his film is good or not, it is a separate consideration whether or not this battle was a noble cause fought by men who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the film and will queue for an Oscar because of its noble message - and not because it is a particularly good or original film . <br /> <br /> Although it may sound like a strange parallel, I see only one with THE BEAST: How can one not see the fundamental beauty of nature at the sight of the mating of two horses? And who can not see the logical outcome of repressed sexuality from fairy tales in the explosive scene of the film where Beauty and the Beast finally do the villain? One way or another, I managed to miss the two points and I'm delighted to have seen this movie so I can describe it as such: 25 minutes or more of revelation on the best tale images of fairies for adults surrounded by 70 minutes of tasteless, boring and disgusting Euro Trash skull, a hair-cutting thing and a great ending. It's an art, that's for sure, but it sucks hard. <br /> <br /> 3/10
