What is that? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land"? The finest duck-faced actress in the world (even more anorexic and duck-faced than Michelle Pfeiffer) exaggerates her skinny buttocks, making silly grimaces that would shame Bugs Bunny in one of the most animated non-animated TV series all time. It's also the most annoying television show in the hour format, hence the worst. <br /> <br /> All men act like thoughts, and I refuse to believe that even the shysters of big cities are as delta-male-like as this sorry (short) group. Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more irritating than Calista Flockofducks with his false impediment to speak "shshshs" in Hollywood: it's the kind of pseudo-impossibility of pronouncing the letter "S" by transforming it into a "SH" weak, which resembles that of Jon Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practice zealously. As I watch MacNicol speak, I always wonder why his jaw does not break up ... Human facial anatomy has never been designed to support the pronunciation of the sound "SH" more than three times a second. He is a medical wonder. <br /> <br /> This ill-conceived and ill-conceived legal-comedy mishmash also features PC images from the '90s. Political correctness is written with huge neon letters. Is there anything more unrealistic than a group of lawyers full of ideals, high principles and moral fiber? It's laughable, but that's how defense lawyers have been described in Hollywood since its inception. After all, what could be more noble than to defend a murderer, a rapist or a thief? When a TV series as delayed as "Ally McBeak" begins to preach in the United States on how she should lead the country, it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack" is both a recent and large Western slaughter product and its author. <br /> <br /> These supposed keys of "eccentricity", like the incredibly boring musical numbers, are unconvincing and embarrassing not funny. It's not a Monty Python. Whatever the "new" that was aimed at the unskilled manufacturers of this trash, they failed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercialized television company for yuppies, bored housewives and bipolar advocates. This is yet another dull "objection rejected and supported by your Honor, the witness may be described as" banal legalistic "that the American public seems to eat with delight for a strange reason ...
