I will dispense with the usual comparisons with a certain legendary filmmaker known for his neurotic New York character, because, to be quite frank, make comparisons with Josh Kornbluth, the loser of the loser, is an insult to such a director. I will also avoid mentioning the satire "Office Space" in the same breath as this celluloid disaster. I can however compare it to the alarm clock during your own surgery ?? It is painful to watch and one wonders if surgeons really know what they are doing. Haiku Tunnel is the kind of movie you would have liked to see stopped at the beginning of its production. It was cruel to let him live and, as a result, the public of the whole world is put to suffer. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the principle ?? if indeed he has one ?? It's not even worth discussing, but I'll do it carefully. Josh Kornbluth, temporary worker very involved in phobia, is offered a permanent job. His main duty is to send 17 high priority letters to his boss. But ridiculously, he is unable to accomplish this simple task. My reaction? Big deal! This is not a story ?? it is at best a passing thought - a thought that should have been surpassed by any self-respecting filmmaker. <br /> <br /> The main actor ?? if you can call it that? is a clumsy buffoon of a man, with chubby features, a hairline set back and untamed, as well as a series of facial expressions ranging from squeaks to disturbing feathers. Where did the director find this asshole? What are you saying ???? he is the director? Oh, my mistake. Playing the scenario yourself is one thing, but I suspect Mr. Kornbluth is not as convincing as a human being, much less as an actor. Do not worry, this is not an assassination of a person without a goal, but never before have I been so upset by the presence on the screen of an actor! My frustration was even more disconcerted by his incessant monologues at the camera between scenes. I mean, as if the viewer needed an ounce of intelligence to understand this thought, Kornbluth insulted us more by "explaining" the action (first rule of making a film: "dramatize the exhibition" , do not say). Who does this guy think? He has no charisma, no charm, and judging by his Hawaiian shirts, no sense of style. His casting agent should be shot dead! <br /> <br /> Supportive actors do nothing to relieve the intense boredom I felt, with one exception. Patricia Scanlon makes a very funny appearance in the role of Helen, the former secretary, made crazy by her former boss, and makes harassing phone calls from his basement, while holding a flashlight under his face. It made me laugh all by myself, but the moment passed soon and I went back to watch my watch for the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> The title of the film is also misleading. Haiku Tunnel has nothing to do with the old form of Japanese poetry. Do not be fooled into thinking it's a house art movie because of its pretentious title or the fact that it only plays in a handful of cinemas and does not bring money back to the box office ??? ??? there is a very good reason for that! <br /> <br />
