Unfortunately, the copy of the movie we were going to watch was burned by the fires at Universal Studios last week. So we were stuck with the video. It could even be a metaphor for the second-rate King Kong film by Toho studios director Ishiro Honda. It's basically a warm-up for "King Kong vs. Godzilla". He even uses the idea of ​​a Mecha-Kong, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the film culminates when King Kong fights against Mecha-Kong at the top of the Expo Tower in Tokyo, but if you did not know it already, then you may be in the age range at which this film was intended. <br /> <br /> The cast is run by a guy named Rhodes Reason who we have never heard of ... browsing his list, I see mostly a lot of scattered American TVs. So it's interesting to have dragged him to Japan. so that they can have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is the most sensitive Japanese commander, played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognized thanks to the iconic version of Hiroshi Inagaki's "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and Honda's original Godzilla films. I'm sorry Rhodes Reason whoever you are, but this guy has a much larger presence on the screen and you can bet that everyone wants him to end up with the pretty little blonde, played by Linda Miller. We laughed at how Reason would always find a way to interpose between Miller and Takarada, who seemed rather to prefer. Of course, like all the leaders of Kong, her main relationship is with the king himself. She discovers a good trick: if you talk to a giant monkey, really ... really ... slowly ... he'll understand what you're saying. And if you're a blonde girl, that means he'll do anything you tell him to do. Doctors Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Mrs. Piranha (Mie Hama) - representing a "nation not to be named" - plan to use it as bait for Kong to dig up mineral deposits are trapped at the North Pole. <br /> <br /> Yes, it's really the plot of the whole movie - apparently, only a giant monkey will be able to dig up those minerals that can be used for powerful weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuits annoy him, so they decide to choose the real Kong. Kong himself seems momentarily enamored with Mecha-Kong, an element of the story that might have made the film more interesting but was not followed. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the pretty blonde shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" in her gassy voice so often that when the two heroes tell her to let him go at the end, they talk for all of us. Basically, this film wastes all the majesty possible in Kong's character by making him a heroic and friendly character far too early, just like the most recent version of the story. Kong is just a guy in costume in this movie, and it's often shown to the point that the clumsy face becomes impossible to take seriously. It's a beautiful film, I'm sure it meets the demands or desires of fans of that kind of thing, which is really more of a fight movie than a monster movie in so many ways. The monsters are never really scared in these movies, they just jump in the arms and jostled a lot. It is not a worthless film, but it is extremely predictable and formulated so that anyone under the age of about 10 is probably entertaining as a comedy.
